 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER - SEPTEMBER 11,
2000    1    Exhibit 2.1   Execution Copy       AGREEMENT AND
PLAN OF MERGER  AMONG  GENZYME CORPORATION  AND GELTEX PHARMACEUTICALS,
INC.    ------------------------------   Dated as of September 11,
2000   ------------------------------            2   AGREEMENT
AND PLAN OF MERGER   THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this "Agreement")
dated as of September 11, 2000 is among Genzyme Corporation ("Parent"), a
Massachusetts corporation and GelTex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("Company"), a
Delaware corporation. The parties wish to effect a business combination
through a merger (the "Merger") of the Company with and into a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Parent to be formed as a Massachusetts corporation ("Merger
Sub") on the terms and conditions set forth herein.   R E C I T A L S  
A. For United States Federal income tax purposes, it is intended that the
Merger will qualify as a reorganization under the provisions of
Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"),
and that this Agreement constitutes a plan of reorganization within the
meaning of Section 1.368-2(g) of the income tax regulations promulgated under
the Code. For financial accounting purposes, it is intended that the Merger
will be accounted for using the purchase method of accounting.   B. For
purposes of this Agreement, "Parent Common Stock" shall mean Genzyme General
Division Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share, together with an associated
Genzyme General Division Common Stock Purchase Right under Parent\'s Amended
and Restated Renewed Rights Agreement (the "Genzyme\'s Rights Plan").   In
consideration of the mutual representations, warranties and covenants
contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:   SECTION 1 - THE
MERGER   1.1 THE MERGER.   (a) Upon the terms and subject to the
conditions hereof, and in accordance with the Business Corporation Law of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts (the "MBCL") and the General Corporation Law of
the State of Delaware (the "DGCL"), Company shall be merged with and into
Merger Sub. The Merger shall occur at the Effective Time (as defined herein).
Following the Merger, Merger Sub shall continue as the surviving corporation
(sometimes referred herein as the "Surviving Corporation") and the separate
corporate existence of Company shall cease.   (b) Promptly following
execution of this Agreement but in no event later than the date the
Registration Statement (as defined in Section 2.22) is filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), Parent shall cause Merger Sub
to be incorporated as a Massachusetts corporation, to adopt a charter and
such other organizational documents as may be necessary or advisable
and which shall be appropriate for effecting the purposes of this Agreement,
and to become a party to this Agreement pursuant to an Agreement of
Joinder substantially in the form attached hereto as EXHIBIT A.   (c) The
name of the Surviving Corporation shall be "GelTex Pharmaceuticals, Inc." The
purpose of the Surviving Corporation shall be to develop, manufacture and
sell human   3   health care products and to engage generally in any
business that may lawfully be carried on by a corporation formed under
Chapter 156B of the General Laws of Massachusetts.   1.2 EFFECTIVE TIME. As
soon as practicable after satisfaction or waiver of all conditions to the
Merger, the parties shall cause articles of merger (the "Articles of Merger")
with respect to the Merger to be filed and recorded in accordance with the
MBCL and a certificate of merger (the "Certificate of Merger") with respect
to the Merger to be filed and recorded in accordance with the DGCL, and shall
take all such further actions as may be required by law to make the Merger
effective. The Merger shall be effective at such time as the Articles of
Merger and the Certificate of Merger are duly filed with the Secretary of
State of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and the Secretary of State of the
State of Delaware, respectively, in accordance with the MBCL and the DGCL, or
at such later time as is specified in the Articles of Merger and the
Certificate of Merger (the "Effective Time"). Immediately prior to the filing
of the Articles of Merger and the Certificate of Merger, a closing
(the "Closing") will be held at the offices of Palmer and Dodge LLP, One Beacon
Street, Boston, Massachusetts (or such other place as the parties may agree)
for the purpose of confirming the foregoing. The date on which the Closing
occurs is referred to herein as the "Closing Date."   1.3 EFFECTS OF THE
MERGER. The Merger shall have the effects set forth in Sections 80 and 81 of
the MBCL and Sections 259, 260 and 261 of the DGCL. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time all
the property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of Company and Merger
Sub shall vest in the Surviving Corporation, and all debts, liabilities,
obligations and duties of Company and Merger Sub shall become the debts,
liabilities, obligations and duties of the Surviving Corporation.   1.4
ARTICLES OF ORGANIZATION AND BY-LAWS. Subject to Section 4.15, the Articles
of Organization and By-Laws of Merger Sub, in each case as in
effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the Articles of
Organization and By-Laws of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter
changed as provided therein or by applicable law.   1.5 DIRECTORS AND
OFFICERS.   (a) The directors and officers of Merger Sub immediately prior
to the Effective Time shall be the directors and officers of the Surviving
Corporation, in each case, until the earlier of his or her resignation or
removal or otherwise ceasing to be a director or officer, as the case may be,
or until his or her respective successor is duly elected and qualified.  
(b) Each current director of Company shall submit his or her resignation at
the Closing to be effective at the Effective Time.   1.6 CONVERSION OF
COMMON STOCK   (a) MERGER CONSIDERATION. At the Effective Time, by virtue of
the Merger and without any action on the part of Parent or Company:   (i)
Subject to payment of cash in lieu of fractional shares as provided below,
each share of Company common stock, $0.01 par value per share (together with
the associated rights (as defined in Section 2.20(c)) "Company Common Stock")
outstanding   2  4   immediately prior to the Effective Time, other than
shares held by Company as treasury stock, shares held by any wholly-owned
Company Subsidiary (as defined in Section 2.4(a)), shares held by Parent,
Merger Sub, or any other wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent and Dissenting
Shares (as defined in Section 1.6(d)), shall be cancelled and extinguished
and automatically converted into and become the right to receive, subject to
the election, allocation and adjustment procedures in this Section 1.6,
either:   (A) 0.7272 (the "Exchange Ratio") of a share of Parent Common
Stock (the "Per Share Stock Consideration") or   (B) $47.50 in cash, without
interest (the "Per Share Cash Consideration").   (ii) The number of shares
of Company Common Stock to be converted into the right to receive the Per
Share Cash Consideration (the "Cash Election Number") will, subject to
Section 1.6(a)(vii), equal the difference between (A) fifty percent (50%) of
(I) the total number of shares of Company Common Stock outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time less (II) the number of shares held
by the Company as treasury stock and shares held by a wholly-owned Company
Subsidiary, shares held by Parent, Merger Sub, or any other wholly-
owned subsidiary of Parent, rounded to the nearest whole number, less (B) the
number of Dissenting Shares. Other than shares held by the Company as
treasury stock, shares held by a wholly-owned Company Subsidiary, shares held
by Parent, Merger Sub, or any other wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent and
Dissenting Shares, each of the remaining shares of Company Common Stock
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (the "Stock Election
Number") will be converted into the right to receive the Per Share Stock
Consideration.   (iii) Subject to the allocation and election procedures set
forth in this Section 1.6, each record holder of shares of Company Common
Stock will be entitled (A) to elect to receive the Per Share Cash
Consideration for such shares (a "Cash Election"), (B) to elect to receive
the Per Share Stock Consideration for such shares (a "Stock Election"), or
(C) to indicate that such record holder elects to receive the Per Share Cash
Consideration, the Per Share Stock Consideration, or a combination thereof as
determined pursuant to this Section 1.6 for Combined Election Shares (as
defined below) (a "Combined Election"). All such elections will be made on a
form designed for that purpose (an "Election Form").   (iv) If the
aggregate number of shares covered by valid Cash Elections (the "Cash
Election Shares") exceeds the Cash Election Number, all shares of Company
Common Stock covered by valid Stock Elections (the "Stock Election Shares")
and all shares of Company Common Stock covered by Combined Elections (the
"Combined Election Shares") will be converted into the right to receive the
Per Share Stock Consideration, and the Cash Election Shares will be converted
into the right to receive Parent Common Stock and cash in the following
manner:   Each Cash Election Share will be converted into the right to 
receive (A) an amount in cash, without interest, equal to the  product of (x)
the Per Share Cash Consideration and (y) a  fraction (the "Cash Fraction"),
the numerator of which will be  the Cash Election Number and the denominator
of which will be  the total number of Cash Election Shares, and (B) a number
of  shares of Parent Common   3  5    Stock equal to the product of (x)
the Exchange Ratio and  (y) a fraction equal to one minus the Cash
Fraction.   (v) If the aggregate number of Stock Election Shares exceeds
the Stock Election Number, all Cash Election Shares and all Combined Election
Shares will be converted into the right to receive the Per Share Cash
Consideration, and all Stock Election Shares will be converted into the right
to receive Parent Common Stock and cash in the following manner:   Each
Stock Election Share will be converted into the right to  receive (A) a
number of shares of Parent Common Stock equal to  the product of (x) the
Exchange Ratio and (y) a fraction (the  "Stock Fraction"), the numerator of
which will be the Stock  Election Number and the denominator of which will be
the total  number of Stock Election Shares, and (B) an amount in cash, 
without interest, equal to the product of (x) the Per Share  Cash
Consideration and (y) a fraction equal to one minus the  Stock Fraction.  
(vi) In the event that neither subparagraph (iv) nor subparagraph (v) above
is applicable, all Cash Election Shares will be converted into the right to
receive the Per Share Cash Consideration, all Stock Election Shares will be
converted into the right to receive the Per Share Stock Consideration, and
all Combined Election Shares will be converted into the right to
receive shares of Parent Common Stock and the right to receive cash on a
proportionate basis so that, in the aggregate, the number of shares of
Company Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time that
convert into the Per Share Cash Consideration is as nearly equal to the Cash
Election Number as practical.   (vii) In the event that the value of the
shares of Parent Common Stock (excluding fractional shares to be paid in
cash) to be issued in the Merger, valued at the last sale price as reported
by the Nasdaq National Market for the date during which the Effective Time
occurs, minus the aggregate discount, if any, due to trading restrictions on
the Parent Common Stock to be issued in the Merger (the "Parent Common Stock
Value") is less than 45% of the total consideration to be paid in exchange
for the shares of Company Common Stock (including without limitation the
amount of cash to be paid in lieu of fractional shares and any other payments
required to be considered in determining whether the continuity of interest
requirement applicable to reorganizations under Section 368 of the Code has
been satisfied) (the "Total Consideration"), then the Per Share
Consideration, rather than being $47.50 in cash, without interest, shall be a
combination of a fraction of a share of Parent Common Stock and cash, without
interest, with a combined market value equal to $47.50, with the Parent
Common Stock valued at the last sale price as reported by the Nasdaq National
Market for the date during which the Effective Time occurs, rounded to the
nearest cent, so that the Parent Common Stock Value is at least 45% of the
Total Consideration; provided, however, in no event shall Parent be obligated
to issue in excess of 19,670,586 shares, subject to equitable adjustment, of
Parent Common Stock pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby.   (viii) If prior to the Effective Time
there is a change in the number of issued and outstanding shares of Parent
Common Stock as the result of reclassification, subdivision,
recapitalization, stock split (including reverse stock split) or stock
dividend, the    4  6   Exchange Ratio and the Per Share Cash
Consideration shall be equitably adjusted to give effect to such event.  
(ix) The shares of Parent Common Stock and cash payable pursuant to this
Section 1.6, together with cash payments in lieu of fractional
shares pursuant to Section 1.6(c), are referred to collectively as the
"Merger Consideration."   (b) ELECTION PROCEDURE. At the time of mailing of
the Proxy Statement/Prospectus (as defined in Section 2.22) to holders of
record of Company Common Stock entitled to vote at the Company Stockholders
Meeting (as defined in Section 4.6(b)), Parent will mail, or cause to be
mailed, an Election Form and a letter of transmittal to each such holder. To
be effective, an Election Form must be properly completed, signed and
actually received by the Exchange Agent (as defined in Section 1.9) not later
than 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the trading day that is three trading
days prior to the date of the Company Stockholders Meeting (the "Election
Deadline") and, in the case of the shares that are not held in book entry
form, accompanied by the certificates (the "Certificates") representing all
of the shares of Company Common Stock as to which such Election Form relates,
duly endorsed in blank or otherwise in form acceptable for transfer (or
accompanied by an appropriate guarantee of delivery by an eligible
organization). For shares that are held in book entry form, Parent shall
establish reasonable procedures for the delivery of such shares. Parent shall
have reasonable discretion, which it may delegate in whole or in part to the
Exchange Agent, to determine whether Election Forms have been properly
completed, signed and timely submitted or to disregard defects in Election
Forms. Any such determination of Parent or the Exchange Agent shall
be conclusive and binding. Neither Parent nor the Exchange Agent shall be
under any obligation to notify any person of any defect in an Election Form
submitted to the Exchange Agent. The Exchange Agent shall also make all
computations contemplated by this Section 1.6, and computations will be
conclusive and binding on the former holders of Company Common Stock absent
manifest error. Any shares of Company Common Stock (other than shares held by
Company as treasury shares, shares held by any Company Subsidiary and
Dissenting Shares) for which the record holder has not, as of the Election
Deadline, properly submitted to the Exchange Agent a properly completed
Election Form will be deemed Combined Election Shares. Any Election Form may
be revoked, by the stockholder who submitted such Election Form to the
Exchange Agent, only by written notice received by the Exchange Agent (i)
prior to the Election Deadline or (ii) after such time if (and only to the
extent that) the Exchange Agent is legally required to permit revocations and
only if the Effective Time shall not have occurred prior to such date. In
addition, all Election Forms shall automatically be revoked, and all
Certificates returned, if the Exchange Agent is notified in writing by Parent
and Company that this Agreement has been terminated. The Exchange Agent may
make such rules as are consistent with this Section 1.6 for the election
process.   (c) NO FRACTIONAL SHARES. No fractional shares of Parent Common
Stock shall be issued pursuant to this Agreement. In lieu of fractional
shares, each stockholder who would otherwise have been entitled to a fraction
of a share of Parent Common Stock hereunder (after aggregating all fractional
shares to be received by such stockholder), shall receive, without interest,
an amount in cash (rounded to the nearest whole cent) determined by
multiplying such fraction by the per share last sale price of Parent Common
Stock as reported by the Nasdaq National Market on the trading day
immediately preceding the date during which the Effective Time occurs.  
5  7   (d) DISSENTING SHARES   (i) Shares of Company Common Stock held by
a stockholder who has properly exercised appraisal rights with respect
thereto in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL (collectively, the
"Dissenting Shares") shall not be converted into Merger Consideration. From
and after the Effective Time, a stockholder who has properly exercised such
appraisal rights shall not have any rights of a stockholder of Company,
Parent or the Surviving Corporation with respect to such shares, except those
provided under Section 262 of the DGCL. If, after the Effective Time of the
Merger, any such stockholder fails to perfect or loses any such right to
appraisal, such shares shall be treated as if they had been converted as of
the Effective Time into the right to receive the Merger Consideration.  
(ii) Company shall give Parent (A) prompt notice of any written demands under
Section 262 of the DGCL with respect to any shares of Company Common Stock,
any withdrawal of any such demand and any other instruments served pursuant
to the DGCL and received by Company and (B) the right to participate in all
negotiations and proceedings with respect to any such demands. Company
shall cooperate with Parent concerning, and shall not, except with the prior
written consent of Parent, voluntarily make any payment with respect to, or
offer to settle or settle, any such demands.   (e) CANCELLED STOCK. All
shares of Company Common Stock (and the associated Rights) held at the
Effective Time by Company as treasury stock or by a Company Subsidiary or by
Parent, Merger Sub or another wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent shall be
cancelled and extinguished and no payment shall be made with respect
thereto.   (f) MERGER SUB STOCK. Each issued and outstanding share of the
capital stock of Merger Sub shall continue to be outstanding following, and
shall be unaffected by, the Merger.   1.7 COMPANY OPTIONS, WARRANTS AND
PURCHASE RIGHTS   (a) At the Effective Time, each outstanding option to
purchase shares of Company Common Stock (the "Company Options") (i) including
those options granted under the Company\'s Amended and Restated 1992 Equity
Incentive Plan and the Company\'s Amended and Restated 1995 Directors Stock
Option Plan (the "Company Stock Option Plans") and those options granted
outside of the Company Stock Option Plans and disclosed on Section 2.3 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule and (ii) including those options assumed by the
Company in connection with the acquisition of SunPharm Corporation, whether
or not then exercisable, shall be assumed by Parent. Each Company Option so
assumed by Parent under this Agreement shall continue to have, and be subject
to, the same terms and conditions set forth in the applicable Company Stock
Option Plan or in the applicable stock option agreement or certificate
immediately prior to the Effective Time (including, without limitation, any
repurchase rights), except that (i) each Company Option shall be exercisable
(or shall become exercisable in accordance with its terms) for that number of
shares of Parent Common Stock equal to the product of the number of shares of
Company Common Stock that were issuable upon exercise of such Company Option
immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by the Exchange Ratio,
rounded down to the nearest whole number of shares of Parent Common Stock,
(ii) the per share exercise price for the shares of Parent Common Stock
issuable upon exercise of such assumed Company Option shall be equal to the
quotient determined by dividing the exercise   6  8  price per share of
Company Common Stock at which such Company Option was exercisable immediately
prior to the Effective Time by the Exchange Ratio, rounded up to the nearest
whole cent and (iii) the vesting of such options may have been accelerated as
indicated on Section 2.3(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule. After the
Effective Time, Parent shall issue to each holder of an outstanding Company
Option a notice describing the foregoing assumption of such Company Options
by Parent. The adjustments provided herein with respect to any Company
Options that are "incentive stock options" as defined in Section 422 of the
Code shall be and are intended to be effected in a manner which is consistent
with Section 424(a) of the Code so as to preserve the benefits of such
"incentive stock options."   (b) At the Effective Time, each outstanding
warrant to purchase shares of Company Common Stock (the "Company Warrants"),
whether or not then exercisable, shall be assumed by Parent. Each Company
Warrant so assumed by Parent under this Agreement shall continue to have, and
be subject to, the same terms and conditions set forth in the applicable
warrant immediately prior to the Effective Time (including, without
limitation, any repurchase rights), except that (i) each Company Warrant
shall be exercisable (or shall become exercisable in accordance with its
terms) for that number of shares of Parent Common Stock equal to the product
of the number of shares of Company Common Stock that were issuable upon
exercise of such Company Warrant immediately prior to the Effective Time
multiplied by the Exchange Ratio, rounded to the nearest whole number of
shares of Parent Common Stock, and (ii) the per share exercise price for the
shares of Parent Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such assumed Company
Warrant shall be equal to the quotient determined by dividing the exercise
price per share of Company Common Stock at which such Company Option was
exercisable immediately prior to the Effective Time by the Exchange Ratio,
rounded to the nearest whole cent. After the Effective Time, Parent
shall issue to each holder of an outstanding Company Warrant a notice
describing the foregoing assumption of such Company Warrants by Parent.  
(c) Company shall amend its 1995 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "Company
Purchase Plan") so that as of the Effective Time (i) the Company Purchase
Plan is terminated and (ii) there are no outstanding rights of participants
under the Company Purchase Plan. Prior to the Effective Time, Company shall
take all actions (including, if appropriate, amending the terms of the
Company Purchase Plan) that are necessary to give effect to this
Section 1.7(c).   1.8 CLOSING OF COMPANY TRANSFER BOOKS. At the Effective
Time, the stock transfer books of Company shall be closed and no further
registration of transfers of shares of Company Common Stock shall thereafter
be made. On or after the Effective Time, any Certificates presented to the
Exchange Agent or Parent for any reason shall be converted into the right to
receive Merger Consideration with respect to the shares of Company Common
Stock formerly represented thereby and any dividends or other distributions
to which the holders thereof are entitled pursuant to Section 1.13.   1.9
EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES.   (a) Parent shall authorize American Stock
Transfer and Trust Company or one or more other persons reasonably acceptable
to Company to act as Exchange Agent hereunder (the "Exchange Agent").
Promptly after the Effective Time, Parent shall cause the Exchange Agent to
mail, to former record holders of shares of Company Common Stock who have not
previously submitted letters of transmittal together with Certificates,
instructions for surrendering their    7  9  Certificates in exchange
for the Merger Consideration. The fees and expenses of the Exchange Agent
shall be paid by Parent and Parent shall indemnify the Exchange Agent and
Company against actions taken by the Exchange Agent pursuant hereto and
pursuant to any Exchange Agent agreement other than for acts or omissions
which constitute willful misconduct or gross negligence, pursuant to the
agreement with the Exchange Agent.   (b) Promptly after the Effective Time,
Parent shall deliver to the Exchange Agent sufficient shares of Parent Common
Stock and cash to satisfy the Merger Consideration. After the Effective Time,
upon receipt of Certificates for cancellation, together with a properly
completed letter of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be
effected, and risk of loss of, and title to, the Certificates shall pass,
only upon delivery of the Certificates to the Exchange Agent) and other
requested documents and in accordance with the instructions thereon, the
holder of such Certificates shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor
(i) a certificate representing that number of whole shares of Parent Common
Stock into which the shares of Company Common Stock theretofore represented
by the Certificates so surrendered shall have been converted pursuant to
Section 1 and (ii) a check in the amount of any cash due pursuant to Section
1. No interest shall be paid or shall accrue on any such amounts.   (c)
Until surrendered in accordance with the provisions of this Section 1.9, each
Certificate shall represent for all purposes only the right to receive Merger
Consideration and, if applicable, amounts under Section 1.13. Shares of
Parent Common Stock into which shares of Company Common Stock shall
be converted in the Merger at the Effective Time shall be deemed to have
been issued at the Effective Time. If any certificates representing shares of
Parent Common Stock are to be issued in a name other than that in which the
Certificate surrendered is registered, it shall be a condition of such
exchange that the person requesting such exchange deliver to the Exchange
Agent all documents necessary to evidence and effect such transfer and pay to
the Exchange Agent any transfer or other taxes required by reason of the
issuance of a certificate representing shares of Parent Common Stock in a
name other than that of the registered holder of the Certificate surrendered,
or establish to the satisfaction of the Exchange Agent that such tax has been
paid or is not applicable. Beginning the date which is twelve months
following the Closing Date, Parent shall act as the Exchange Agent and
thereafter any holder of an unsurrendered Certificate shall look solely to
Parent for any amounts to which such holder may be due, subject to applicable
law. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, any portion of
the Merger Consideration remaining unclaimed five years after the Effective
Time (or such earlier date immediately prior to such time as such amounts
would otherwise escheat to, or become property of, any governmental entity)
shall, to the extent permitted by law, become the property of Parent free and
clear of any claims or interest of any person previously entitled
thereto.   1.10 NO LIABILITY. None of Parent, the Surviving Corporation or
the Exchange Agent shall be liable to any person in respect of any shares
(or dividends or distributions with respect thereto) or cash payments
delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable escheat, abandoned
property or similar law.   1.11 LOST CERTIFICATES. If any Certificate shall
have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that
fact by the person claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed
and, if reasonably required by Parent, the posting by such person of a bond
in such reasonable amount as Parent may direct as indemnity against any claim
that may be made against   8  10  it with respect to such Certificate,
the Exchange Agent shall deliver in exchange for such lost, stolen or
destroyed Certificate, the Merger Consideration and any amounts due pursuant
to Section 1.13.   1.12 WITHHOLDING RIGHTS. Parent shall be entitled to
deduct and withhold from the consideration otherwise payable pursuant to this
Agreement to any holder of shares of Company Common Stock such amounts as it
is required to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such payment
under the Code, or any provision of state, local or foreign tax law. To the
extent that amounts are so withheld by Parent, such withheld amounts shall be
treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the holder
of the shares of Company Common Stock in respect of which such deduction and
withholding was made.   1.13 DISTRIBUTIONS WITH RESPECT TO UNEXCHANGED
SHARES. No dividend or other distribution declared with respect to Parent
Common Stock with a record date after the date during which the Effective
Time occurs shall be paid to holders of unsurrendered Certificates or holders
who comply with the provisions of Section 1.11 (with regard to lost
certificates) until such holders surrender such Certificates or submit an
affidavit (and any reasonably required bond) in accordance with Section 1.11.
Upon the surrender of such Certificates in accordance with Section 1.9 or
submission of an affidavit (and any reasonably required bond) in accordance
with Section 1.11, there shall be paid to such holders, promptly after such
surrender or submission, as the case may be, the amount of dividends or other
distributions, without interest, declared with a record date after the date
during which the Effective Time occurs and not paid because of the failure to
surrender such Certificates for exchange.   1.14 FURTHER ASSURANCES. At and
after the Effective Time, the officers and directors of the Surviving
Corporation shall be authorized to execute and deliver, in the name and on
behalf of Company, any deeds, bills of sale, assignments or assurances and to
take and do, in the name and on behalf of Company, any other actions and
things to vest, perfect or confirm of record or otherwise in the Surviving
Corporation any and all right, title and interest in, to and under any of the
rights, properties or assets acquired or to be acquired by the Surviving
Corporation as a result of, or in connection with, the Merger.   SECTION 2 -
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF COMPANY   Except as set forth on the
disclosure schedule delivered by Company to Parent on the date hereof (the
"Company Disclosure Schedule"), the section numbers of which are numbered to
correspond to the section numbers of this Agreement to which they refer,
Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to Parent
and Merger Sub:   2.1 ORGANIZATION AND QUALIFICATION.   (a) Each of
Company and each Company Subsidiary (as defined in Section 2.4(a)) is a
corporation or other legal entity duly organized, validly existing and in
good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization and has
corporate or similar power and authority to own, lease and operate its assets
and to carry on its business as now being and as heretofore conducted. Each
of Company and each Company Subsidiary is qualified or otherwise
authorized to transact business as a foreign corporation or other
organization in all jurisdictions in which   9  11  such qualification
or authorization is required by law, except for jurisdictions in which the
failure to be so qualified or authorized could not reasonably be expected to
have a Company Material Adverse Effect. "Company Material Adverse Effect"
shall mean a material adverse effect on the assets, properties, business,
results of operations or financial condition of Company and the Company
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; provided that "Company Material
Adverse Effect" shall not include any such adverse effect primarily related
to (i) the economy or securities markets of the United States or any other
region in general or (ii) conditions affecting the biotechnology and
biopharmaceutical industries generally, in each case, without a
disproportionate impact on Company and the Company\'s Subsidiaries.   (b)
Company has previously provided or made available to Parent true and complete
copies of the charter and bylaws or other organizational documents of Company
and each Company Subsidiary as presently in effect, and none of Company or
any Company Subsidiary is in default in the performance, observation or
fulfillment of such documents, except, in the case of Company
Subsidiaries, such defaults that, in the aggregate, could not reasonably be
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.   2.2 AUTHORITY TO
EXECUTE AND PERFORM AGREEMENTS. Company has the corporate power and authority
to enter into, execute and deliver this Agreement and, subject, in the case
of consummation of the Merger, to the adoption of this Agreement by the
holders of Company Common Stock, to perform fully its obligations hereunder.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by the Board of
Directors of Company. No other action on the part of Company is necessary to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby (other than adoption of this
Agreement by the holders of Company Common Stock and execution of the Rights
Amendment (as defined in Section 2.20(c)), which the Company will execute
promptly after execution of this Agreement). This Agreement has been duly
executed and delivered by Company and constitutes a valid and
binding obligation of Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms.  
2.3 CAPITALIZATION AND TITLE TO SHARES   (a) Company is authorized to issue
50,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock, of which 21,144,432 shares were
issued and outstanding as of September 7, 2000. All of the issued and
outstanding shares of Company Common Stock are duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid, nonassessable and free of pre-emptive rights.   (b)
Company has reserved 4,476,033 shares of Company Common Stock for issuance
pursuant to all of the Company Options. Company Options to purchase 2,323,718
shares of Company Common Stock were outstanding as of September 8, 2000.
Section 2.3(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule includes a true
and complete list of all Company Options outstanding as of September 8, 2000
with vesting schedules and exercise prices. True and complete copies of
all instruments (or the forms of such instruments) referred to in this
section have been furnished or made available to Parent. Except as indicated
in Section 2.3(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company is not
obligated to accelerate the vesting of any Company Options as a result of the
Merger.   (c) Company has reserved 160,147 shares of Company Common Stock
for issuance pursuant to all of the Company Warrants. Company Warrants to
purchase 117,269   10  12  shares of Company Common Stock were
outstanding as of September 8, 2000. SECTION 2.3(c) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule includes a true and complete list of all outstanding warrants
outstanding as of September 8, 2000 with vesting schedules and exercise
prices. True and complete copies of all instruments (or the forms of such
instruments) referred to in this section have been furnished or made
available to Parent.   (d) Company has reserved 37,034 shares of Company
Common Stock for future issuance under the Company Purchase Plan.   (e)
Company is authorized to issue 5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock ("Company
Preferred Stock"), none of which are issued and outstanding.   (f) Except
for (i) shares indicated as issued and outstanding on September 7, 2000 in
Section 2.3(a), (ii) 291,073 shares to be issued to Acqua Wellington North
American Equities Fund, Ltd. ("AW") on or about the date of this Agreement
and (iii) shares issued after September 7, 2000, upon (A) the exercise of
outstanding Company Options listed in SECTION 2.3(b) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule or granted after the date of this Agreement in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, (B) the
exercise of outstanding Company Warrants listed in SECTION 2.3(c) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, or (C) the exercise of purchase rights in
accordance with the Company Purchase Plan and in an amount not in excess of
the number indicated as reserved for such purpose in Section 2.3(d), there
are not as of the date hereof, and at the Effective Time there will not be,
any shares of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding.   (g) Company\'s
authorized capital stock consists solely of the Company Common Stock
described in Section 2.3(a) and the Company Preferred Stock described in
Section 2.3(e). There are not as of the date hereof, and at the Effective
Time there will not be, authorized or outstanding any subscriptions, options,
conversion or exchange rights, warrants, repurchase or redemption agreements,
or other agreements, claims or commitments of any nature
whatsoever obligating Company to issue, transfer, deliver or sell, or cause
to be issued, transferred, delivered, sold, repurchased or redeemed,
additional shares of the capital stock or other securities of Company or
obligating Company to grant, extend or enter into any such agreement, other
than Company Options listed in SECTION 2.3(b) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule or granted after the date of this Agreement in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practice, Company Warrants listed in SECTION
2.3(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, and rights to purchase shares of
Company Common Stock pursuant to the Company Purchase Plan. To the best
knowledge of Company, there are no stockholder agreements, voting trusts,
proxies or other agreements, instruments or understandings with respect to
the voting of the capital stock of Company.   (h) Neither Company nor any
Company Subsidiary beneficially owns any shares of capital stock of
Parent.   (i) Company has no outstanding bonds, debentures, notes or
other indebtedness which have the right to vote on any matters on which
stockholders may vote.   11  13   2.4 COMPANY SUBSIDIARIES.   (a)
SECTION 2.4(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth all of the
Company Subsidiaries and the jurisdiction in which each is incorporated or
organized. All issued and outstanding shares or other equity interests
of each Company Subsidiary are owned directly by Company free and clear of
any charges, liens, encumbrances, security interests or adverse claims. As
used in this Agreement, "Company Subsidiary" means any corporation,
partnership or other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated,
(i) of which Company or any Company Subsidiary is a general partner or (ii)
at least 50% of the securities or other interests having voting power to
elect a majority of the board of directors or others performing similar
functions with respect to such corporation, partnership or other organization
are directly or indirectly owned or controlled by Company or by any Company
Subsidiary, or by Company and one or more Company Subsidiaries; provided,
however, RenaGel LLC shall not be considered a Company Subsidiary for
purposes of Section 2 of this Agreement.   (b) There are not as of the date
hereof, and at the Effective Time there will not be, any subscriptions,
options, conversion or exchange rights, warrants, repurchase or redemption
agreements, or other agreements, claims or commitments of any nature
whatsoever obligating any Company Subsidiary to issue, transfer, deliver or
sell, or cause to be issued, transferred, delivered, sold, repurchased or
redeemed, shares of the capital stock or other securities of Company or any
Company Subsidiary or obligating Company or any Company Subsidiary to grant,
extend or enter into any such agreement. To the best knowledge of Company,
there are no stockholder agreements, voting trusts, proxies or other
agreements, instruments or understandings with respect to the voting of the
capital stock of any Company Subsidiary.   2.5 SEC REPORTS. Company
previously has made available to Parent (i) its Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 1999 (the "Company 10-K"), as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), (ii) all proxy statements
relating to Company\'s meetings of stockholders held or to be held after
December 31, 1999 and (iii) all other documents filed by Company with the SEC
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")
since January 1, 1999 and, prior to the date of this Agreement (the "Company
SEC Reports"). As of their respective dates, such documents complied, and all
documents filed by Company with the SEC under the Exchange Act between the
date of this Agreement and the Closing Date will comply, in all material
respects, with applicable SEC requirements and did not, or in the case of
documents filed on or after the date hereof will not, contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Since August
31, 1999, Company has timely filed, and between the date of this Agreement
and the Closing Date will timely file, with the SEC all documents required to
be filed by it under the Exchange Act. No Company Subsidiary is required to
file any form, report or other document with the SEC.   2.6 FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS. The consolidated financial statements contained in the Company
10-K and in Company\'s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
June 30, 2000 (the "Company 10-Q") have been prepared from, and are in
accordance with, the books and records of Company and present fairly, in all
material respects, the consolidated financial condition and results
of operations of Company and the Company Subsidiaries as of and for the
periods presented therein, all in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles   12  14  applied on a consistent basis, except as
otherwise indicated therein and subject in the case of the unaudited
financial statements included in the Company 10-Q to normal year-end
adjustments, which in the aggregate are not material, and the absence of
notes in the unaudited financial statements.   2.7 ABSENCE OF UNDISCLOSED
LIABILITIES. Except as disclosed in the Company SEC Reports, as at December
31, 1999, Company and the Company Subsidiaries had no material liabilities of
any nature, whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise (including
without limitation, liabilities as guarantor or otherwise with respect to
obligations of others or liabilities for taxes due or then accrued or to
become due), required to be reflected or disclosed in the balance sheet dated
December 31, 1999 (or the notes thereto) included in the Company 10-K (the
"Company Balance Sheet") that were not adequately reflected or reserved
against on the Company Balance Sheet. Company has no material liabilities of
any nature, whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise, other than
liabilities (i) adequately reflected or reserved against on the Company
Balance Sheet, (ii) reflected in Company\'s unaudited balance sheet
dated June 30, 2000, included in the Company 10-Q, (iii) included in SECTION
2.7 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, (iv) incurred since June 30, 2000 in
the ordinary course of business, (v) disclosed in the Company SEC Reports or
(vi) that could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.   2.8 ABSENCE OF ADVERSE
CHANGES.   (a) Since June 30, 2000, there has not been any change, event
or circumstance that has had, or is reasonably likely to have, a Company
Material Adverse Effect.   (b) Since June 30, 2000, there has not been any
action taken by Company or any Company Subsidiary during the period from June
30, 2000 through the date of this Agreement that, if taken during the period
from the date of this Agreement through the Effective Time, would constitute
a breach of Section 4.1.   2.9 COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS.   (a) Company and
the Company Subsidiaries have all licenses, permits, franchises, orders or
approvals of any federal, state, local or foreign governmental or regulatory
body material to the conduct of their businesses (collectively, "Permits"),
other than such Permits the absence of which, individually or in the
aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect; such Permits are in full force and effect; and no proceeding
is pending or, to the best knowledge of Company, threatened to revoke or
limit any Permit.   (b) Company and the Company Subsidiaries are not in
violation of and have no liabilities, whether accrued, absolute, contingent
or otherwise, under any federal, state, local or foreign law, ordinance or
regulation or any order, judgment, injunction, decree or other requirement of
any court, arbitrator or governmental or regulatory body, relating to the
operation of clinical testing laboratories, labor and employment practices,
health and safety, zoning, pollution or protection of the environment, except
for violations of or liabilities under any of the foregoing which could not,
in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect.    13  15   (c) Each product or product candidate subject to the
United States Food and Drug Administration (the "FDA") jurisdiction under the
Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act ("FDCA") that is manufactured, tested,
distributed, held, and/or marketed by Company or any Company Subsidiary is
being manufactured, tested, distributed, held and marketed in compliance in
all material respects with all applicable requirements under the FDCA
including, but not limited to, those relating to investigational use,
premarket clearance, good manufacturing practices, labeling, advertising,
record keeping, filing of reports and security.   (d) Company has, prior to
the execution of this Agreement, provided or made available to Parent copies
of all documents in its or any Company Subsidiary\'s possession material to
assessing compliance with the FDCA and its implementing regulations,
including, but not limited to, copies of (i) all warning letters, notices of
adverse findings and similar correspondence received in the last three years,
(ii) all audit reports performed during the last three years, and (iii) any
document concerning any significant oral or written communication received
from the FDA in the last three years.   2.10 ACTIONS AND PROCEEDINGS. There
are no outstanding orders, judgments, injunctions, decrees or other
requirements of any court, arbitrator or governmental or regulatory body
against Company, any Company Subsidiary or any of their assets or properties.
Except as disclosed in the Company SEC Reports, there are no actions, suits
or claims or legal, administrative or arbitration proceedings pending or, to
the best knowledge of Company, threatened against Company, any Company
Subsidiary, or any of their securities, assets or properties. To the best
knowledge of Company, there is no fact, event or circumstance now in
existence that reasonably could be expected to give rise to any action, suit,
claim, proceeding or investigation that, individually or in the aggregate,
could be reasonably expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect or
interfere with Company\'s ability to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby.   2.11 CONTRACTS AND OTHER AGREEMENTS.   (a) Neither Company nor
any Company Subsidiary is a party to or bound by, and neither they nor their
properties are subject to, any contract or other agreement required to be
disclosed in a Form 10-K, Form 10-Q or Form 8-K of the SEC which is not
disclosed in the Company 10-K, the Company 10-Q or as an exhibit to a
registration statement filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the "Securities Act") within the last 12 months. All of such contracts and
other agreements are valid, subsisting, in full force and effect,
binding upon Company or the applicable Company Subsidiary, and, to the best
knowledge of Company, binding upon the other parties thereto in accordance
with their terms, and Company and the Company Subsidiaries have paid in full
or accrued all amounts now due from them thereunder, and have satisfied in
full or provided for all of their liabilities and obligations thereunder
which are presently required to be satisfied or provided for and are not in
default under any of them, except for defaults which individually or in the
aggregate could not reasonably be expected to result in a Company Material
Adverse Effect, nor, to the best knowledge of Company, is any other party to
any such contract or other agreement in default thereunder, except for
defaults which individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably be
expected to result in a Company Material Adverse Effect, nor does any
condition exist that with notice or lapse of time or both would constitute a
default thereunder, except for defaults which individually or in the
aggregate could not reasonably be expected to result in a Company Material
Adverse Effect. True and   14  16  complete copies of all of the
contracts and other agreements referred to in this Section 2.11 have been
provided or made available to Parent.   (b) Other than those contracts
disclosed in the Company 10-K, the Company 10-Q or as exhibits to a
registration statement filed under the Securities Act, neither the Company
nor any Company Subsidiary is a party to any agreement that limits or
restricts Company, any Company Subsidiary or any of their affiliates or
successors in competing or engaging in any line of business, in any
therapeutic area, in any geographic area or with any person.   (c) Neither
the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is a party to any agreement obligating
Company to file a registration statement under the Securities Act which
filing has not yet been made.   (d) To the best knowledge of Company, no
executive officer or director of Company has (whether directly or indirectly
through another entity in which such person has a material interest, other
than as the holder of less than 2% of a class of securities of a publicly
traded company) any material interest in any property or assets of Company
(except as a stockholder) or a Company Subsidiary, any competitor, customer,
supplier or agent of Company or a Company Subsidiary or any person that is
currently a party to any material contract or agreement with Company or a
Company Subsidiary.   (e) SECTION 2.11(e) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
lists all real property owned by Company or a Company Subsidiary. The Company
or Company Subsidiary, as the case may be, owns good and marketable title to
such property.   2.12 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. Company and the Company
Subsidiaries own, or are licensed to use, or otherwise have the right to use
all patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade secrets,
franchises, inventions, copyrights, and all other technology and intellectual
property (including, without limitation, biological materials), all
registrations of any of the foregoing, or applications therefor, and all
grants and licenses or other rights running to or from Company or Company
Subsidiary relating to any of the foregoing that are material to their
businesses as presently conducted or as contemplated to be conducted
(collectively, the "Proprietary Rights"). All patents, registered trademarks
and copyrights referred to above are valid and subsisting and the Company
will provide Parent with a schedule of any taxes, maintenance fees or actions
falling due within 90 days of the Closing Date. Company is not aware of any
basis for any claim by any third party that the businesses of Company or
the Company Subsidiaries infringe upon the proprietary rights of others, nor
has Company or any Company Subsidiary received any notice or claim of
infringement from any third party. Company is not aware of any existing or
threatened infringement by any third party on, or any competing claim of
right to use or own any of, the Proprietary Rights. Except as disclosed in
SECTION 2.12 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, Company and the Company
Subsidiaries have the right to sell their products and services (whether now
offered for sale or under development) free from any royalty or other
obligations to third parties. To the best knowledge of Company, none of the
activities of the employees of Company or any Company Subsidiary on behalf of
such entity violates any agreement or arrangement which any such employees
have with former employers. All employees and consultants who contributed to
the discovery or development of any of the Proprietary Rights did so either
(a) within the scope of his or her   15  17  employment such that, in
accordance with applicable law, all Proprietary Rights arising therefrom
became the exclusive property of the Company or the Company Subsidiary or (b)
pursuant to written agreements assigning all Proprietary Rights arising
therefrom to the Company or the Company Subsidiary.   2.13 INSURANCE. All
policies or binders of material fire, liability, product liability,
workmen\'s compensation, vehicular, directors\' and officers\' and other
material insurance held by or on behalf of Company and the
Company Subsidiaries are in full force and effect, are reasonably believed to
be adequate for the businesses engaged in by Company and the Company
Subsidiaries and are in conformity with the requirements of all leases or
other agreements to which Company or the relevant Company Subsidiary is a
party and, to the best knowledge of Company, are valid and enforceable in
accordance with their terms. Neither Company nor any Company Subsidiary is in
default with respect to any provision contained in such policy or binder nor
has any of the Company or a Company Subsidiary failed to give any notice or
present any claim under any such policy or binder in due and timely fashion.
There are no outstanding unpaid claims under any such policy or binder.
Neither Company nor any Company Subsidiary has received notice of
cancellation or non-renewal of any such policy or binder.   2.14 COMMERCIAL
RELATIONSHIPS. None of the Company\'s or the Company Subsidiaries\' material
suppliers, collaborators, licensors and licensees has canceled or otherwise
terminated its relationship with Company or a Company Subsidiary or has,
during the last twelve months, materially altered its relationship with
Company or a Company Subsidiary. Company does not know of any plan or
intention of any such entity, and has not received any written threat
or notice from any such entity, to terminate, cancel or otherwise materially
modify its relationship with Company or a Company Subsidiary.   2.15 TAX
MATTERS   (a) For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Tax" (and,
with correlative meaning, "Taxes" and "Taxable") means all United States
federal, state, and local, and all foreign, income, profits, franchise, gross
receipts, payroll, transfer, sales, employment, use, property, excise, value
added, ad valorem, estimated, stamp, alternative or add-on minimum,
recapture, environmental, withholding and any other taxes, charges, duties,
impositions or assessments, together with all interest, penalties, and
additions imposed on or with respect to such amounts, including any liability
for taxes of a predecessor entity. "Tax Return" means any return,
declaration, report, claim for refund, or information return or statement
filed or required to be filed with any taxing authority in connection with
the determination, assessment, collection or imposition of any Taxes.   (b)
All Tax Returns required to be filed on or before the date hereof by or with
respect to Company and the Company Subsidiaries have been filed within the
time and in the manner prescribed by law. All such Tax Returns are true,
correct and complete in all material respects, and all Taxes owed by Company
or the Company Subsidiaries, whether or not shown on any Tax Return, have
been paid. Company and the Company Subsidiaries file Tax Returns in
all jurisdictions where they are required to so file, and no claim has ever
been made by any taxing authority in any other jurisdiction that Company or
the Company Subsidiaries are or may be subject to taxation by that
jurisdiction.   16  18   (c) There are no liens or other encumbrances
with respect to Taxes upon any of the assets or properties of Company or the
Company Subsidiaries, other than with respect to Taxes not yet due and
payable.   (d) No audit is currently pending with respect to any Tax Return
of Company or the Company Subsidiaries, nor is Company aware of any
information which has caused or should cause them to believe that an audit by
any tax authority may be forthcoming. No deficiency for any Taxes has been
proposed in writing against Company or the Company Subsidiaries, which
deficiency has not been paid in full. No issue relating to Company or the
Company Subsidiaries or involving any Tax for which Company or the Company
Subsidiaries might be liable has been resolved in favor of any taxing
authority in any audit or examination which, by application of the same
principles, could reasonably be expected to result in a deficiency for Taxes
of Company or the Company Subsidiaries for any subsequent period, and Company
knows of no other basis for the assertion of such a deficiency.   (e) There
are no outstanding agreements, waivers or arrangements extending the
statutory period of limitation applicable to any claim for, or the period for
the collection or assessment of, Taxes due from or with respect to Company or
the Company Subsidiaries for any taxable period, no power of attorney granted
by or with respect to Company or the Company Subsidiaries relating to Taxes
is currently in force, and no extension of time for filing any Tax
Return required to be filed by or on behalf of Company or any Company
Subsidiary is in force. Company has delivered or made available to Parent a
complete and correct copy of a substantially final version of its 1999
federal income Tax Return.   (f) With respect to any period for which Tax
Returns have not yet been filed, or for which Taxes are not yet due or owing,
Company has, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
made due and sufficient accruals for such Taxes in the Company\'s books and
records.   (g) No consent to the application of Section 341(f)(2) of the
Code (or any predecessor provision) has been made or filed by or with respect
to Company or any Company Subsidiary or any of their assets or
properties.   (h) Company and the Company Subsidiaries have not been and are
not currently in violation (or, with or without notice or lapse of time or
both, would be in violation) of any applicable law or regulation relating to
the payment or withholding of Taxes, and all withholding and payroll
Tax requirements required to be complied with by Company and the
Company Subsidiaries up to and including the date hereof have been
satisfied.   (i) Company and the Company Subsidiaries are not and have never
been a party to or bound by, nor do they have or have they ever had any
obligation under, any Tax sharing agreement or similar contract or
arrangement. Neither Company nor any Company Subsidiary has any liability for
the Taxes of any other person under Treasury Regulation 1.1502-6 (or any
similar provision of state, local or foreign law), as a transferee or
successor, by contract, or otherwise.   (j) There is no contract or
agreement, plan or arrangement obligating Company or the Company Subsidiaries
to make any payment that would not be deductible by reason of   17 
19  Section 162(m) or 280G of the Code. Neither Company nor any Company
Subsidiary has agreed to, or is required to, make any adjustments under
Section 481(a) of the Code by reason of a change in accounting method or
otherwise.   (k) Neither Company nor the Company Subsidiaries are, or were
during the applicable period specified in Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii) of the
Code, a United States real property holding corporation within the meaning of
Section 897(c)(2) of the Code.   2.16 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS.   (a)
Within five (5) business days of the execution of this Agreement, the Company
will provide Parent with a complete list of all pension, savings, profit
sharing, retirement, deferred compensation, employment, welfare,
fringe benefit, insurance, short and long term disability, incentive, bonus,
stock, vacation pay, severance pay and similar plans, programs or
arrangements other than oral employment agreements that, individually or in
the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect (the "Plans"), including without limitation all employee
benefit plans as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA") maintained by Company or the
Company Subsidiaries or to which Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries
are parties or required to contribute.   (b) Company has delivered or made
available to Parent (or will do so within five business days of execution of
this Agreement) current, accurate and complete copies of (i) each Plan that
has been reduced to writing and all amendments thereto, (ii) a summary of the
material terms of each Plan that has not been reduced to writing, including
all amendments thereto, (iii) the summary plan description for each Plan
subject to Title I of ERISA, and in the case of each other Plan, any similar
employee summary (including but not limited to any employee handbook
description), (iv) for each Plan intended to be qualified under Section
401(a) of the Code, the most recent determination or opinion letter issued by
the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS"), (v) for each Plan with respect to which
a Form 5500 series annual report/return is required to be filed, the most
recently filed such annual report/return and annual report/return for the two
preceding years, together with all schedules and exhibits, (vi) all insurance
contracts, administrative services contracts, trust agreements, investment
management agreements or similar agreements maintained in connections with
any Plan, and (vii) for each Plan that is intended to be qualified under Code
Section 401(a), copies of compliance testing results (nondiscrimination
testing (401(a)(4), ADP, ACP, multiple use), 402(g), 415 and top-heavy tests)
for the 1999 plan year.   (c) There is no entity (other than Company or any
Company Subsidiary) that together with Company or any Company Subsidiary
would be treated as a single-employer within the meaning of Section 414(b),
(c), (m) or (o) of the Code or Section 4001(b) of ERISA. Neither Company nor
any Company Subsidiary has ever maintained, contributed to or incurred any
liability under any "multiemployer plan" as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of
ERISA or a "multiple employer plan" as defined in Section 413(c) of the Code
or a defined benefit plan (within the meaning of Section 3(35) of ERISA) or
other plan subject to Section 302 of ERISA or a plan intended to be qualified
under Section 501(c)(9) of the Code.   18  20   (d) Each Plan maintained
by Company or a Company Subsidiary which is intended to be qualified under
Section 401(a) of the Code ("Qualified Plans") is so qualified, each Plan has
been administered in all material respects in accordance with the terms of
such Plan and the provisions of any and all statutes, orders or governmental
rules or regulations, including without limitation ERISA and the Code, and to
the knowledge of Company, nothing has been done or not done with respect to
any Plan that could result in any liability on the part of Company or any
Company Subsidiary under Title I of ERISA or Chapter 43 of the Code, and none
of the Plans is currently under examination by the IRS, Department of Labor
or other U.S. government agency or department, except in each case for
matters that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. All contributions,
premiums and other amounts due to or in connection with each Plan under the
terms of the Plan or applicable law have been timely made, and provision has
been made on the balance sheet included in the Company 10-Q for such
contributions, premiums and other amounts that were not yet due as of
the date of the balance sheet but were attributable to service before such
date.   (e) Except for continuation of health coverage to the extent
required under Section 4980B of the Code or Section 601 et seq. of ERISA,
other applicable law or as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, and except
for health coverage for certain former employees of an acquired entity
(which coverage will end not later than December 31, 2000), there are no
obligations under any Plan providing welfare benefits after termination of
employment.   (f) Except for individual employment agreements, each Plan can
be amended, modified or terminated without advanced notice to or consent by
any employee, former employee or beneficiary, except as required by law.  
2.17 EMPLOYEE RELATIONS.   (a) Upon termination of the employment of any
employees, none of Company, the Company Subsidiaries nor Parent shall be
liable, by reason of the Merger or anything done in connection with the
Merger, to any of such employees for severance pay or any other similar
payments (other than accrued salary, vacation or sick pay in accordance with
normal policies). True and complete information as to the name, current job
title and compensation for each of the last three years of all current
directors and executive officers of Company has been made available
previously to Parent.   (b) Company and each Company Subsidiary (i) is in
compliance in all material respects with all applicable foreign, federal,
state and local laws, rules and regulations respecting employment, employment
practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, in each
case, with respect to employees, (ii) has withheld all amounts required by
law or by agreement to be withheld from the wages, salaries and other
payments to employees, (iii) is not liable for any arrears of wages,
salaries, commissions, bonuses or other direct compensation for any services
performed or amounts required to be reimbursed to any employees or
consultants or any taxes or any penalty for failure to comply with any of the
foregoing, and (iv) is not liable for any payment to any trust or other fund
or to any governmental entity, with respect to unemployment compensation
benefits, social security or other benefits or obligations for employees
(other than routine payments to be made in the ordinary course of business
and   19  21  consistent with past practice), except in each case for
matters that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be
expected to result in a Company Material Adverse Effect.   (c) No work
stoppage or labor strike against Company or any Company Subsidiary is pending
or, to the knowledge of Company, threatened. Neither Company nor any Company
Subsidiary is involved in or, to the knowledge of Company, threatened with,
any labor dispute, grievance, or litigation relating to labor, safety or
discrimination matters involving any employee, including without limitation
charges of unfair labor practices or discrimination complaints, that, if
adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to result in material
liability to Company. Neither Company nor any Company Subsidiary has engaged
in any unfair labor practices within the meaning of the National Labor
Relations Act that could reasonably be expected to result in material
liability to Company. Neither Company nor any Company Subsidiary
is presently, nor has it been in the past, a party to or bound by any
collective bargaining agreement or union contract with respect to employees
other than as set forth in SECTION 2.17 of the Company Disclosure Schedule
and no collective bargaining agreement is being negotiated by Company or any
Company Subsidiary. No union organizing campaign or activity with respect to
non-union employees of Company or any Company Subsidiary is ongoing, pending
or, to the best knowledge of Company, threatened.   2.18 ENVIRONMENTAL
MATTERS.   (a) Neither Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries has
violated, is in violation of, or has been notified that it is in violation
of, Environmental Law, and except in full compliance with Environmental
Laws, neither Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries has generated,
used, handled, transported or stored any Hazardous Materials or shipped any
Hazardous Materials for treatment, storage or disposal at any other site or
facility. To the best of Company\'s knowledge, there has been no generation,
use, handling, storage or disposal of any Hazardous Materials in violation of
any Environmental Law at any site owned or operated by, or premises leased
by, Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries during the period of
Company\'s or such Company Subsidiary\'s ownership, operation or lease or,
prior thereto, nor has there been or is there threatened any Release of any
Environmental Contaminants into, on, at or from any such site or premises,
including without limitation into the ambient air, groundwater, surface
water, soils or subsurface strata, during such period or, to the best of
Company\'s knowledge, prior thereto in violation of any Environmental Law or
which created or will create an obligation to report or respond in any way to
such Release. There is no underground storage tank or other container at any
site owned or operated by, or premises leased by Company or any Company
Subsidiary or, to the best of Company\'s knowledge, on any site formerly
owned or operated by, or premises formerly leased by, Company or any Company
Subsidiary.   (b) Neither Company nor any Company Subsidiary has
received notification in any form that, and Company has no knowledge that,
any site currently or formerly owned or operated by, or premises currently or
formerly leased by, Company or any Company Subsidiary is the subject of any
federal, state or local civil, criminal or administrative investigation
evaluating whether, or alleging that, any action is necessary to respond to a
Release or a threatened Release of any Environmental Contaminant. No such
site or premises is listed, or to Company\'s knowledge, proposed for listing,
on the National Priorities List or the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation, and Liability Information System, both as provided under the
federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and   20 
22  Liability Act ("CERCLA"), or any comparable state or local governmental
lists. Neither Company nor any Company Subsidiary has received written
notification of, and Company has no knowledge of, any potential
responsibility of Company or any Company Subsidiary pursuant to the
provisions of (i) CERCLA, (ii) any similar federal, state, local or other
Environmental Law, or (iii) any order issued pursuant to the provisions of
any such Environmental Law with respect to Environmental Contaminants used,
manufactured, generated, stored, or treated at, transported from, or disposed
of on, any site currently or formerly owned or operated by, or premises
currently or formerly leased by, Company or any Company Subsidiary.   (c)
Company and the Company Subsidiaries have obtained all permits required by
Environmental Law necessary to enable them to conduct their respective
businesses and are in compliance in all material respects with
the permits.   (d) There is no environmental or health and safety matter
that reasonably could be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.
Company previously has furnished or made available to Parent copies of any
and all environmental audits or risk assessments, site assessments,
documentation regarding off-site disposal of Hazardous Materials or Release
of Environmental Contaminant, spill control plans and all other material
correspondence, documents or communications with any governmental agency or
other entity regarding the foregoing.   (e) For purposes of this
Agreement:   (i) "Environmental Laws" means any Federal, state, local
or foreign laws (including common law), regulations, codes, rules,
orders, ordinances, permits, requirements and final governmental
determinations, in each case as in effect on the date of this Agreement,
pertaining to the environment, pollution or protection of human health,
safety or the environment, as adopted or in effect in the jurisdictions in
which the applicable site or premises are located, including without
limitation, the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and
Liability Act of 1980, as amended by the Superfund Amendments and
Reauthorization Act of 1986, 42 U.S.C.ss.9601 et seq.; the Emergency Planning
and Community Right-to-Know Act, 42 U.S.C.ss.11001 et seq.; the Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C.ss.6901 et seq.; the Federal Water
Pollution Control Act, 33 U.S.C.ss.1251 et seq.; the Federal
Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act, 7 U.S.C.ss.136 et seq.; the Toxic
Substance Control Act, 15 U.S.C.ss.2601 et seq.; the Oil Pollution Act of
1990, 33 U.S.C.ss.1001 et seq.; the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act,
as amended, 49 U.S.C.ss.1801 et seq.; the Atomic Energy Act, as amended 42
U.S.C.ss.2011 et seq.; the Occupational Safety and Health Act, as amended, 29
U.S.C.ss.651 et seq.; the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended 21
U.S.C.ss.301 et seq. (insofar as it regulates employee exposure to Hazardous
Substances), and any state or local statute of similar effect; and including
without limitation any laws relating to protection of safety, health or the
environment which regulate the use of biological agents or substances
including medical or infectious wastes;   (ii) "Environmental Contaminant"
means Hazardous Materials, or any other pollutants, contaminants, toxic or
constituent substances or waste radioactive substances, materials or special
wastes, polychlorinated bi-phenals, or any other substance or material, in
each case regulated by applicable Environmental Laws;   21  23   (iii)
"Hazardous Materials" means (A) any chemicals, materials or substances
defined as or included in the definition of "hazardous substances,"
"hazardous wastes," "hazardous materials," "extremely hazardous wastes,"
"restricted hazardous wastes," "toxic substances," "toxic
pollutants," "hazardous air pollutants," "contaminants," "toxic chemicals,"
"toxins," "hazardous chemicals," "extremely hazardous substances,"
"pesticides," "oil" or related materials as defined in any applicable
Environmental Law, or (B) any petroleum or petroleum products, oil, natural
or synthetic gas, radioactive materials, asbestos-containing materials, urea
formaldehyde foam insulation, radon, and any other substance defined or
designated as hazardous, toxic or harmful to human health, safety or the
environment under any Environmental Law; and   (iv) "Release" has the
meaning specified in CERCLA.   2.19 NO BREACH. Except for (a) filings with
the SEC under the Exchange Act, (b) filing the Certificate of Merger with the
Secretary of State of Delaware, (c) the filing of a Notification and Report
Form under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act, as amended (the
"HSR Act") and (d) matters listed in SECTION 2.19 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by
Company and the consummation by Company of the transactions contemplated
hereby will not (i) violate any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation
or By-Laws of Company, (ii) violate, conflict with or result in the breach of
any of the terms or conditions of, result in modification of, or otherwise
give any other contracting party the right to terminate, accelerate
obligations under or receive payment under or constitute (or with notice or
lapse of time or both constitute) a default under, any instrument, contract
or other agreement to which Company or any Company Subsidiary is a party or
to which any of them or any of their assets or properties is bound or
subject, (iii) violate any law, ordinance or regulation or any order,
judgment, injunction, decree or other requirement of any court, arbitrator or
governmental or regulatory body applicable to Company or the Company
Subsidiaries or by which any of Company\'s or the Company Subsidiaries\'
assets or properties is bound, (iv) violate any Permit, (v) require any
filing with, notice to, or permit, consent or approval of, any governmental
or regulatory body, (vi) result in the creation of any lien or other
encumbrance on the assets or properties of Company or a Company Subsidiary,
or (vii) cause any of the assets owned by the Company or any
Company Subsidiary to be reassessed or revalued by any taxing authority or
other governmental entity, excluding from the foregoing clauses (ii), (iii),
(iv), (v), (vi) and (vii) violations, breaches and defaults which, and
filings, notices, permits, consents and approvals the absence of which, in
the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect and will not materially interfere with the ability of Company
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. Except as set forth in
SECTION 2.19 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither Company nor any
Company Subsidiary is or will be required to give any notice to or obtain any
consent or waiver from any individual or entity in connection with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby other than consents or waivers which,
individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect.   2.20 BOARD APPROVALS.   (a) The Board
of Directors, as of the date of this Agreement, has determined (i) that the
Merger is fair to, and in the best interests of, Company and its
stockholders, (ii) to   22  24  propose this Agreement for adoption by
the Company\'s stockholders and to declare the advisability of this
Agreement, and (iii) to recommend that the stockholders of Company adopt this
Agreement.   (b) Company has taken all action necessary such that no
restrictions contained in any "fair price," "control share acquisition,"
"business combination" or similar statute (including Section 203 of the DGCL)
will apply to the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement.  
(c) The Board of Directors has approved an amendment (the "Rights Amendment")
to the Shareholder Rights Agreement dated as of March 1, 1996 between Company
and American Stock Transfer and Trust Company (the "Company Rights Plan") so as
to provide that (i) (A) Parent will not become an "Acquiring Person" and (B)
no "Stock Acquisition Date" or "Distribution Date" (as such terms are defined
in the Company Rights Plan) will occur, in each case, as a result of the
approval, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby and (ii) the Company Rights Plan will
terminate immediately prior to the Effective Time. Promptly following the
execution and delivery of this Agreement, Company shall take all
action necessary to make the Rights Amendment effective.   2.21 FINANCIAL
ADVISOR.   (a) The Board of Directors has received the oral opinion of SG
Cowen Securities Corporation to the effect that, as of the date of this
Agreement, the Merger Consideration is fair, from a financial point of view,
to the holders of Company Common Stock other than Parent and its affiliates.
The Company will forward a copy of the written version of such opinion
promptly following receipt.   (b) Other than SG Cowen Securities
Corporation, no broker, finder, agent or similar intermediary has acted on
behalf of Company in connection with this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby, and there are no brokerage commissions, finders\' fees
or similar fees or commissions payable in connection herewith based on any
agreement, arrangement or understanding with Company, or any action taken by
Company. Company previously has provided Parent with a copy of SG Cowen
Securities Corporation\'s engagement letter.   2.22 PROXY STATEMENT AND
REGISTRATION STATEMENT. None of the information supplied or to be supplied by
Company for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the registration
statement on Form S-4 to be filed with the SEC in connection with the
issuance of shares of Parent Common Stock in the Merger (the "Registration
Statement") will, at the time the Registration Statement is filed with the
SEC, at any time it is amended or supplemented or at the time it becomes
effective under the Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. None of
the information supplied or to be supplied by Company for inclusion or
incorporation by reference in the proxy statement/prospectus included in the
Registration Statement (the "Proxy Statement/Prospectus"), on the date it is
first mailed to holders of Company Common Stock or at the time of the Company
Stockholders Meeting (as defined in Section 4.6(b)), will contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state   23  25  any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading. The Proxy Statement/Prospectus will comply as to form in all
material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and
the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder.  
SECTION 3 - REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT   Except as set forth
on the disclosure schedule delivered by Parent to Company on the date hereof
(the "Parent Disclosure Schedule"), the section numbers of which are numbered
to correspond to the section numbers of this Agreement to which they refer,
Parent hereby makes the following representations and warranties to
Company:   3.1 ORGANIZATION AND QUALIFICATION. Parent is a corporation
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and has corporate power and authority to
own, lease and operate its assets and to carry on its business as now being
and as heretofore conducted. Parent is qualified to transact business as a
foreign corporation in all jurisdictions in which such qualification or
authorization is required by law, except for jurisdictions in which the
failure to be so qualified or authorized could not reasonably be expected to
have a Parent Material Adverse Effect. "Parent Material Adverse Effect" shall
mean a material adverse effect on the assets, properties, business, results
of operations or financial condition of Parent and its subsidiaries, taken as
a whole (a "Parent Material Adverse Effect"); provided, however, a "Parent
Material Adverse Effect" shall not include (i) a decline in the price of
Parent Common Stock as a result of the announcement of this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby or (ii) any adverse effect primarily related
to (A) the economy or securities markets of the United States or any other
region in general or (B) conditions affecting the biotechnology and
biopharmaceutical industries general, in the case of (A) or (B) of this
clause (ii), without a disproportionate impact on Parent and its
subsidiaries.   3.2 AUTHORITY TO EXECUTE AND PERFORM AGREEMENT. Parent has
the corporate power and authority to enter into, execute and deliver this
Agreement and to perform fully its obligations hereunder and the transactions
contemplated hereby. The Parent\'s Board of Directors has approved this
Agreement. No approval by Parent\'s stockholders is required to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly executed
and delivered by Parent and constitutes its valid and binding obligations,
enforceable against it in accordance with its terms.   3.3 CAPITALIZATION.
The authorized capital stock of Parent consists of 390,000,000 shares of
common stock ("Genzyme Common Stock") and 10,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, $0.01 par value per share ("Genzyme Preferred Stock"). Of the Genzyme
Common Stock, as of the date of this Agreement, 200,000,000 shares have been
designated Genzyme General Division Common Stock ("GGD Common Stock"),
40,000,000 shares have been designated Genzyme Tissue Repair Division Common
Stock ("GTR Common Stock"), 40,000,000 shares have been designated Molecular
Oncology Division Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share ("GMO Common
Stock"), 60,000,000 shares have been designated Genzyme Surgical Products
Division Common Stock ("GSP Common Stock") and 50,000,000 shares have been
undesignated as to series. As of July 31, 2000, 86,328,455 shares of
GGD Common Stock were issued and outstanding, 28,785,846 shares of GTR Common
Stock were issued and outstanding, 15,281,405 shares of GMO Common Stock were
issued and outstanding, and 14,957,403 shares of GSP Common Stock were issued
and outstanding. As of the date of this Agreement, no shares of   24 
26  Genzyme\'s Preferred Stock are outstanding. Of the Genzyme Preferred
Stock, as of the date of this Agreement, 2,000,000, 400,000, 400,000 and
600,000 shares have been designated as Series A Junior Participating
Preferred Stock, Series B Junior Participating Preferred Stock, Series C
Junior Participating Preferred Stock and Series D Junior Participating
Preferred Stock, respectively, and reserved for issuance under Genzyme\'s
Rights Plan. All issued and outstanding shares of GGD Common Stock, GTR
Common Stock, GMO Common Stock and GSP Common Stock are validly issued, fully
paid, non-assessable and free of any preemptive rights.   3.4 SEC REPORTS.
Parent previously has made available to Company (i) its Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999 ("Parent 10-K"), (ii) all proxy
statements relating to Parent\'s meetings of stockholders held since January
1, 2000 and (iii) all other documents filed by Parent with the SEC under the
Exchange Act since January 1, 1999 (together with the documents filed by
Parent with the SEC under the Exchange Act prior to the Effective Time,
the "Parent SEC Reports"). As of their respective dates, such documents
complied, and all documents filed by Parent with the SEC under the Exchange
Act between the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date will comply, in
all material respects with applicable SEC requirements and did not, and in
the case of documents filed on or after the date hereof will not, contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Since August
31, 1999, Parent has timely filed, and between the date of this Agreement and
the Closing Date will timely file, with the SEC all periodic reports required
to be filed by it under the Exchange Act.   3.5 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. The
consolidated financial statements contained in the Parent\'s 10-K and
Parent\'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending June 30, 2000
have been prepared from, and are in accordance with, the books and records of
Parent and fairly present the consolidated financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of Parent and its consolidated subsidiaries as of
and for the periods presented therein, all in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis, except as
otherwise indicated therein and subject, in the case of the
unaudited financial statements, to normal year-end and audit adjustments,
which in the aggregate are not material, and the absence of footnote
disclosures.   3.6 ABSENCE OF UNDISCLOSED LIABILITIES. Except as disclosed
in the Parent SEC Reports, as at December 31, 1999, Parent had no material
liabilities of any nature, whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise
(including, without limitation, liabilities as guarantor or otherwise with
respect to obligations of others or liabilities for taxes due or then accrued
or to become due), required to be reflected or disclosed in the balance sheet
dated December 31, 1999 (or the notes thereto) in the Parent 10-K that were
not adequately reflected or reserved against on such balance sheet. Except as
disclosed in the Parent SEC Reports, Parent has no such liabilities, other
than liabilities (i) adequately reflected or reserved against on such balance
sheet, (ii) reflected in Parent\'s unaudited consolidated balance sheet (or
the notes thereto) dated June 30, 2000, (iii) incurred since June 30, 2000 in
the ordinary course of business or (iv) that could not, in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.   25 
27   3.7 ABSENCE OF ADVERSE CHANGES. Since June 30, 2000, except as
disclosed in Parent SEC Reports, there has not been any event, change or
circumstance which has had a Parent Material Adverse Effect.   3.8 ACTIONS
AND PROCEEDINGS. Except as set forth in the Parent SEC Reports, there are no
actions, suits or claims or legal, administrative or arbitration proceedings
pending or, to the best knowledge of Parent, threatened against Parent that
individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to have a
Parent Material Adverse Effect or materially interfere with Parent\'s ability
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. To the best knowledge of
Parent, except as disclosed in the Parent SEC Reports there is no fact, event
or circumstance now in existence that reasonably could be expected to give
rise to any suit, action, claim, investigation or proceeding
that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have
a Parent Material Adverse Effect or materially interfere with Parent\'s
ability to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.   3.9
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. Parent owns or is licensed to use, or otherwise has
the right to use, all patents, trademarks, servicemarks, tradenames,
trade secrets, franchises and copyrights, and all applications for any of
the foregoing, and all technology, know-how and processes necessary for the
conduct of Parent\'s business except (a) to the extent failure to have such
ownership or licenses could not reasonably be expected to have a Parent
Material Adverse Effect or (b) as disclosed in the Parent SEC Reports.  
3.10 NO BREACH. Except for (a) filings under the Securities Act, (b) filings
under the Exchange Act, (c) filings with the Secretary of State of Delaware
and the Secretary of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, (d) the filing of a
Notification and Report Form under the HSR Act, (e) consents and
waivers under Parent\'s credit agreements and debt instruments and (f) the
matters listed in SECTION 3.10 of the Parent Disclosure Schedule, the
delivery and performance of this Agreement by Parent and consummation by it
of the transactions contemplated hereby will not (i) violate any provision of
the charter or by-laws of Parent, (ii) violate, conflict with or result in
the breach of any of the terms or conditions of, result in modification of,
or otherwise give any other contracting party the right to terminate or
accelerate obligations under, or constitute (or with notice or lapse of time
or both constitute) a default under, any material instrument, contract or
other agreement to which Parent is party or to which it or any of its assets
or properties is bound or subject, (iii) violate any law, ordinance or
regulation or any order, judgment, injunction, decree or requirement of any
court, arbitrator or governmental or regulatory body applicable to Parent or
by which any of its assets or properties is bound, (iv) require any filing
with, notice to, or permit, consent or approval of, any governmental or
regulatory body or (v) result in the creation of any lien or other
encumbrance on the assets or properties of Parent, excluding from
the foregoing clauses (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) violations, breaches and
defaults which, and filings, notices, permits, consents and approvals the
absence of which, in the aggregate, could not have a Parent Material Adverse
Effect and will not materially interfere with Parent\'s ability to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby.   3.11 PROXY STATEMENT AND
REGISTRATION STATEMENT. None of the information supplied or to be supplied by
Parent for inclusion in the Registration Statement will, at the time the
Registration Statement is filed with the SEC, at any time it is amended or
supplemented or at the time it becomes effective under the Securities Act,
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the   26 
28  statements therein not misleading. None of the information supplied or
to be supplied by Parent for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the
Proxy Statement/Prospectus will, at the date it is first mailed to holders of
Company Common Stock or at the time of the Company Stockholders Meeting,
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading.   3.12 FINANCING. Parent has sufficient funds on hand or
available to it under bank lines of credit to satisfy all of Parent\'s and
Merger Sub\'s obligations under this Agreement, including, without
limitation, the obligation to pay the cash portion of the Merger
Consideration and to pay all fees and expenses it incurs in connection with
the Merger.   3.13 MERGER SUB   (a) Merger Sub will, when it is
incorporated, be duly organized, validly existing and in good standing as a
Massachusetts corporation.   (b) All of the capital stock of Merger Sub
prior to and at the Effective Time will be duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable and owned of record and beneficially by
Parent.   (c) Merger Sub shall be formed solely for the purpose of engaging
in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and, prior to the
Effective Time, will not have engaged in any other business activities.  
(d) Merger Sub will have the corporate power and authority to enter into the
Agreement of Joinder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.
The execution and delivery of the Agreement of Joinder and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will be duly authorized
by all necessary corporate action on the part of Merger Sub.   (e) Except
for (i) filings with the Secretary of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and
filings with the Secretary of the State of Delaware, (ii) the filing of a
Notification and Report form under the HSR Act, (iii) consents and waivers
under Parent\'s credit agreements and debt instruments and (iv) the matters
listed in SCHEDULE 3.10 of the Parent Disclosure Schedule, the performance of
this Agreement and the Agreement of Joinder by Merger Sub and consummation by
it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not (A) violate
any provision of the charter or by-laws of Merger Sub, (B) violate, conflict
with or result in the breach of any of the terms or conditions of, result in
modification of the effect of, or otherwise give any other contracting party
the right to terminate or accelerate obligations under, or constitute
(or with notice or lapse of time or both constitute) a default under, any
material instrument, contract or other agreement to which Merger Sub is a
party or to which it or its assets or properties is bound or subject, (C)
violate any law, ordinance or regulation or any order, judgment, injunction,
decree or requirement of any court, arbitrator or governmental or regulatory
body applicable to Merger Sub or by which any of its assets or properties is
bound, (D) require any filing with, notice to, or permit, consent or approval
of, any governmental or regulatory body or (E) result in the creation of any
lien or other encumbrance on its assets or properties, excluding from the
foregoing violations, breaches and defaults which, and filings,   27 
29  notices, permits, consents and approvals the absence of which, in the
aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect
on Merger Sub or materially interfere with Merger Sub\'s ability to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and the Agreement of
Joinder.   (f) Merger Sub will comply with Section 252(d) of the DGCL.  
SECTION 4 - COVENANTS AND AGREEMENTS   4.1 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS. Except with
the prior written consent of Parent and except as otherwise contemplated
herein or referred to in SECTION 4.1 of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
during the period from the date hereof to the Closing Date, Company shall
observe the following covenants:   (a) AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS PENDING
CLOSING. Company shall:   (i) PRESERVATION OF PERSONNEL. Use its reasonable
commercial efforts to preserve intact and keep available the services of
present employees of Company and the Company Subsidiaries;   (ii)
INSURANCE. Use reasonable commercial efforts to keep in effect casualty,
public liability, worker\'s compensation and other insurance policies in
coverage amounts substantially similar to those in effect at the date of this
Agreement;   (iii) PRESERVATION OF THE BUSINESS; MAINTENANCE OF
PROPERTIES, CONTRACTS. Use reasonable commercial efforts to preserve the
business of Company, advertise, promote and market Company\'s business
activities in accordance with past practices over the last twelve months,
keep Company\'s properties substantially intact, preserve its goodwill and
business, maintain all physical properties in such operating condition as
will permit the conduct of Company\'s business on a basis consistent with
past practice, and perform and comply in all material respects with the terms
of the contracts referred to in Section 2.11.   (iv) INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
RIGHTS. Use its reasonable best  efforts to preserve and protect the
Proprietary Rights;   (v) ORDINARY COURSE OF BUSINESS. Operate Company\'s
business in the ordinary course consistent with past practices;   (vi)
COMPANY OPTIONS AND WARRANTS. Take all reasonable actions necessary with
respect to Company Options and Company Warrants to effectuate the terms of
this Agreement, provided, however, that Parent shall have the right
to approve any agreements to modify material terms of the underlying
instruments; and   (vii) FDA MATTERS. Notify and consult with Parent
promptly (A) after receipt of any material communication from the FDA and
before giving any material submission to the FDA, and (B) prior to making any
material change to a study protocol, the addition of new trials, or a
material change to the development timeline for any of its product candidates
or programs.   28  30   (b) NEGATIVE COVENANTS PENDING CLOSING. Company
shall not:   (i) DISPOSITION OF ASSETS. Sell or transfer, or
mortgage, pledge, lease or otherwise encumber any of its assets, including
its Proprietary Rights, other than sales or transfers in the ordinary course
of business and in amounts not exceeding, in the aggregate, $250,000;  
(ii) LIABILITIES. Incur any indebtedness for borrowed money in excess of
$500,000, or incur any obligation or liability or enter into any contract or
commitment involving potential payments to or by Company or any Company
Subsidiary other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice in an amount, in any one case, not exceeding $500,000;   (iii)
COMPENSATION. Change the compensation payable to any officer, director,
employee, agent or consultant; or enter into any employment, severance or
other agreement with any officer, director, employee, agent or consultant of
Company or a Company Subsidiary, or adopt, or increase the benefits under,
any employee benefit plan, except, in each case, as required by law, in
accordance with existing agreements or in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice;   (iv) CAPITAL STOCK. Make any change in the
number of shares of its capital stock authorized, issued or outstanding or
grant or accelerate the exercisability of, any option, warrant or other right
to purchase, or convert any obligation into, shares of its capital stock, or
declare or pay any dividend or other distribution with respect to any shares
of its capital stock, or sell or transfer any shares of its capital stock, or
redeem or otherwise repurchase any shares of its capital stock, except upon
(A) the exercise of convertible securities outstanding on the date of this
Agreement and disclosed herein or granted after the date of this Agreement in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) the
issuance of 291,073 shares to AW;   (v) CHARTER AND BY-LAWS. Cause, permit
or propose any amendments to the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws of
Company;   (vi) ACQUISITIONS. Make, or permit to be made, any
material acquisition of property or assets outside the ordinary course of
business;   (vii) CAPITAL EXPENDITURES. Authorize any single
capital expenditure in excess of $250,000 or capital expenditures which in
the aggregate exceed $500,000;   (viii) ACCOUNTING POLICIES. Except as may
be required as a result of a change in law or in generally accepted
accounting principles, change any of the accounting practices or principles
used by it or restate, or become obligated to restate, the financial
statements included in the Company 10-K or Company 10-Q;   (ix) TAX
TREATMENT. Take, or permit any of the Company Subsidiaries to take, any
action that would prevent the Merger from qualifying as a reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.   29  31   (x) TAXES.
Make any Tax election or settle or compromise any material federal, state,
local or foreign Tax liability, change annual tax accounting period, change
any method of Tax accounting, enter into any closing agreement relating to
any Tax, surrender any right to claim a Tax refund, or consent to any
extension or waiver of the limitations period applicable to any Tax claim or
assessment;   (xi) LEGAL. Settle or compromise any pending or threatened
suit, action or claim which is material to the Company or which relates to
the transactions contemplated hereby;   (xii) EXTRAORDINARY TRANSACTIONS.
Adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger,
consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization of
Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries (other than the Merger);  
(xiii) PAYMENT OF INDEBTEDNESS. Pay, discharge or satisfy any material
claims, liabilities or obligations (absolute, accrued, asserted
or unasserted, contingent or otherwise), other than the payment, discharge
or satisfaction, in the ordinary course of business and consistent with
past practice, of liabilities reflected or reserved against in the balance
sheet included in the Company 10-Q or incurred in the ordinary course of
business;   (xiv) WARN ACT. Effectuate a "plant closing" or "mass
layoff," as those terms are defined in the Worker Adjustment and Retraining
Notification Act of 1988;   (xv) RIGHTS PLAN. Amend, modify or waive any
provisions of the Company Rights Plan, or take any action to redeem the
Rights or render the Rights inapplicable to any transaction other than the
Merger;   (xvi) NEW AGREEMENTS/AMENDMENTS. Enter into or modify, or
permit a Company Subsidiary to enter into or modify, any material license,
development, research or collaboration agreement with any other person or
entity;   (xvii) CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENTS. Modify, amend or terminate, or
waive, release or assign any material rights or claims with respect to
any confidentiality agreement to which Company is a party;   (xviii)
OBLIGATIONS. Obligate itself to do any of the foregoing;   (c) CONTROL OF
COMPANY\'S BUSINESS. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall give Parent,
directly or indirectly, the right to control or direct Company\'s operations
prior to the Effective Time. Prior to the Effective Time, Company shall
exercise, consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
complete control and supervision over its operations.   4.2 CORPORATE
EXAMINATIONS AND INVESTIGATIONS. Prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall be
entitled, through its employees and representatives, to have such access to
the assets, properties, business and operations of Company, as is reasonably
necessary or appropriate in connection with Parent\'s investigation of
Company with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby. Any such
investigation and examination shall be conducted at reasonable times during
business hours upon reasonable advance notice and under
reasonable circumstances so as to   30  32   minimize any disruption to
or impairment of Company\'s business and Company shall cooperate fully
therein. No investigation by Parent shall diminish or obviate any of the
representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of Company contained in
this Agreement. In order that Parent may have full opportunity to make such
investigation, Company shall furnish the representatives of Parent during
such period with all such information and copies of such documents concerning
the affairs of Company as such representatives may reasonably request and
cause its officers, employees, consultants, agents, accountants and attorneys
to cooperate fully with such representatives in connection with
such investigation. The information and documents so provided shall be
subject to the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement (as defined in Section
4.10).   4.3 EXPENSES. Company and Parent shall bear their respective
expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, execution and
performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby,
including without limitation, all fees and expenses of agents,
representatives, counsel and accountants.   4.4 AUTHORIZATION FROM OTHERS.
Prior to the Closing Date, the parties shall use reasonable commercial
efforts to obtain all authorizations, consents and Permits of others,
necessary or desirable to permit the consummation of the Merger on the terms
contemplated by this Agreement.   4.5 FURTHER ASSURANCES. Each of the
parties shall execute such documents, further instruments of transfer and
assignment and other papers and take such further actions as may be
reasonably required or desirable to carry out the provisions hereof and the
transactions contemplated hereby. Each party shall use its respective
reasonable commercial efforts to take other such actions to ensure that, to
the extent within its control or capable of influence by it, the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement shall be fully carried out in a timely
fashion, including preparing and filing any documents required to be prepared
and filed under the Exchange Act. Nothing in this Agreement shall require
Parent or Merger Sub to sell, hold separate, license or otherwise dispose of
or conduct their business in a specified manner, or agree to sell, hold
separate, license or otherwise dispose of or conduct their business in
a specified manner, or permit the sale, holding separate, licensing or
other disposition of, any assets of Parent or Merger Sub, whether as a
condition to obtaining any approval from a governmental entity or any other
person or for any other reason.   4.6 PREPARATION OF DISCLOSURE
DOCUMENTS   (a) As soon as practicable following the date of this
Agreement, Company and Parent shall prepare the Proxy Statement/Prospectus.
Company shall, in cooperation with Parent, file the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus with the SEC as its preliminary proxy statement and
Parent shall, in cooperation with Company, prepare and file with the SEC the
Registration Statement, in which the Proxy Statement/Prospectus will be
included. Each of Company and Parent shall use reasonable commercial efforts
to have the Registration Statement declared effective under the Securities
Act as promptly as practicable after such filing and to keep the Registration
Statement effective as long as is necessary to consummate the Merger. Company
shall mail the Proxy Statement/Prospectus to its stockholders as promptly as
practicable after the Registration Statement is declared effective under the
Securities Act and, if necessary, after the   31  33  Proxy
Statement/Prospectus shall have been so mailed, promptly
circulate supplemental or amended proxy material, and, if required in
connection therewith, resolicit proxies.   (b) (i) Company shall, as soon
as practicable following the date the Registration Statement is declared
effective, duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of its
stockholders (the "Company Stockholders Meeting") for the purpose of
obtaining the required stockholder votes with respect to this Agreement, (ii)
the Board of Directors of the Company, unless otherwise required pursuant to
the applicable fiduciary duties of the Board of Directors of Company to the
stockholders of Company (as determined in good faith by the Board
of Directors of the Company after consulting with outside counsel), shall
give its unqualified recommendation that its stockholders adopt this
Agreement and (iii) Company shall take all lawful action to solicit such
adoption. No withdrawal, modification, change or qualification in the
recommendation of the Board of Directors of the Company (or any committee of
the Board of Directors of the Company) shall change the approval of the Board
of Directors of the Company for purposes of causing any state takeover
statute or other state law to be inapplicable to the transactions
contemplated hereby, or change the obligation of Company to present the
Merger Agreement for adoption at the Company Stockholders Meeting. Company
agrees to give Parent written notice at least 48 hours prior to publicly
indicating any withdrawal, modification, change or qualification in the
recommendation of the Board of Directors of the Company; provided, however,
that no such advance notice shall be required prior to such a public
indication within 10 days of the date scheduled for the Company Stockholders
Meeting in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus.   (c) Except as required by law,
no amendment or supplement to the Proxy Statement/Prospectus or the
Registration Statement shall be made by Parent or Company without the
approval of the other party (which shall not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed). Each party shall advise the other party, promptly after it receives
notice thereof, of the time when the Registration Statement has
become effective or any supplement or amendment has been filed, of the
issuance of any stop order by the SEC, or of any request by the SEC for
amendment of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus or the Registration Statement or
comments thereon and responses thereto or requests by the SEC for additional
information.   (d) Company shall use reasonable efforts to cause to be
delivered to Parent a letter from Company\'s independent public accountants,
dated the date on which the Registration Statement shall become effective,
addressed to Company and Parent, in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to Parent and customary in scope and substance for comfort
letters delivered by independent public accountants in connection with
registration statements similar to the Registration Statement.   4.7 PUBLIC
ANNOUNCEMENTS. Company shall consult with Parent, and Parent shall consult
with the Company, and each will get the approval of the other (which will not
be unreasonably withheld or delayed), before issuing any press release or
otherwise making any public statement with respect to the Merger or this
Agreement and shall not issue any such press release or make any such public
statement prior to such consultation and approval, except as may be required
by law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, without prior consultation, each party
(a) may communicate with financial analysts and media representatives in
a manner consistent with its past practice and (b) may disseminate
material substantially similar to material included in a press release or
other document previously approved for external distribution by the other
party. Each party    32  34  agrees to promptly make available to the
other party copies of any written communications made without prior
consultation.   4.8 AFFILIATE LETTERS. Prior to the Closing Date, Company
shall identify to Parent all persons who, at the time of the Company
Stockholders Meeting, Company believes may be "affiliates" of Company within
the meaning of Rule 145 under the Securities Act. Company shall use
reasonable commercial efforts to provide Parent with such information as
Parent shall reasonably request for purposes of making its own determination
of persons who may be deemed to be affiliates of Company. Company shall use
reasonable commercial efforts to deliver to Parent prior to the Closing Date
a letter from each of such affiliates identified by Company and Parent in
substantially the form attached hereto as EXHIBIT B (the "Affiliate
Letters").   4.9 NASDAQ LISTINGS. Prior to the Closing Date, Parent shall
timely file with Nasdaq a Notification for Listing of Additional Shares
covering the shares of Parent Common Stock Parent reasonably expects, at the
time of such filing, to be issued in the Merger. Prior to the Closing Date,
Company shall take such actions as are necessary so that trading of Company
Common Stock on the Nasdaq National Market ceases immediately prior to the
Effective Time.   4.10 NO SOLICITATION. Company shall not, and shall cause
each Company Subsidiary and each director, officer, employee, agent or other
representative (including each financial advisor and attorney) of Company and
each Company Subsidiary not to, (a) solicit, initiate, facilitate, assist or
encourage action by, or discussions with, any person, other than Parent,
relating to the possible acquisition of Company or any Company Subsidiary or
of all or a material portion of the assets or capital stock of Company or any
Company Subsidiary or any merger, reorganization, consolidation, business
combination, share exchange, tender offer, recapitalization, dissolution,
liquidation or similar transaction involving Company or any Company
Subsidiary (an "Alternative Transaction"), (b) participate in any
negotiations regarding, or furnish information with respect to, any effort or
attempt by any person to do or to seek any Alternative Transaction or (c)
grant any waiver or release under any standstill or similar agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Company and the Board of Directors of Company
shall be permitted (i) to comply with Rule 14e-2(a) under the Exchange Act
with regard to an Alternative Transaction (to the extent applicable) and (ii)
prior to the date on which the stockholders of Company adopt the
Merger Agreement, to engage in discussions or negotiations with, or provide
information to, a person who makes an unsolicited bona fide written proposal
for an Alternative Transaction if (and only if) (A) Company is not in breach
of its obligations under this Section 4.10, (B) the Board of Directors of the
Company concludes in good faith (after consultation with its financial
advisor) that the proposal is reasonably likely to lead to an Alternative
Transaction more favorable for Company\'s stockholders than the Merger
(including adjustment to the terms and conditions proposed by Parent in
response to the proposal for the Alternative Transaction), (C) the Board of
Directors of the Company concludes in good faith (after consultation with its
outside legal counsel, who may be Company\'s regularly engaged legal counsel)
that engaging in such negotiations or discussions or providing such
information is required by the directors\' fiduciary duties under Delaware
law and (D) prior to providing any information or data, the recipient
delivers to Company an executed confidentiality agreement with terms
substantially similar to those contained in that certain confidentiality
agreement (the "Confidentiality Agreement") between Parent and Company
related to a potential business combination transaction. Company shall notify
Parent promptly (and, in any case, within 24    33   35  hours) of any
inquiries, proposals or offers received by, any information requested from,
or any discussions or negotiations sought to be initiated or continued with,
it, any Company Subsidiary or any of their directors, officers, employees,
agents or other representatives concerning an Alternative Transaction,
indicating, in connection with such notice, the names of the parties and the
material terms and conditions of any proposals or offers and, in the case of
written materials, providing copies of such materials unless such written
materials constitute confidential information of such other party under an
effective confidentiality agreement. Company agrees that it will keep
Parent informed, on a reasonably prompt basis (and, in any case, within 36
hours of any significant development), of the status and terms of any such
proposals or offers and the status of any such discussions or negotiations.
Company agrees that it will cease and cause to be terminated any existing
activities, discussions or negotiations with respect to any potential
Alternative Transaction or similar transaction or arrangement and request the
return or destruction of all confidential information regarding the Company
previously provided in connection with such activities, discussions or
negotiations. Company agrees that it will take the necessary steps to
promptly inform the individuals or entities referred to in the first sentence
of this Section 4.10 of the obligations undertaken in this Section 4.10.  
4.11 REGULATORY FILINGS. As soon as is reasonably practicable, Company
and Parent each shall file with the United States Federal Trade Commission
(the "FTC") and the Antitrust Division of the United States Department of
Justice ("DOJ") any Notification and Report Forms relating to the Merger
required by the HSR Act, as well as comparable pre-merger notification forms
required by the merger notification and control laws and regulations of any
other applicable jurisdiction, as agreed to by the parties. Company and
Parent each shall promptly (a) supply the other with any information which
may be reasonably required in order to make such filings and (b) supply any
additional information which may be requested by the FTC, the DOJ or the
competition or merger control authorities of any other jurisdiction and which
the parties reasonably deem appropriate.   4.12 NOTIFICATION OF CERTAIN
MATTERS. Between the date hereof and the Closing Date, Company shall give
prompt notice to Parent, and Parent and Merger Sub shall give prompt notice
to Company, of (a) the occurrence or non-occurrence of any event or
circumstance the occurrence or non-occurrence of which would be likely to
cause any representation or warranty contained in this Agreement to be untrue
or inaccurate if made at such time and (b) any failure of Company, Parent and
Merger Sub, as the case may be, to comply with or satisfy any
covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it
hereunder.   4.13 REGISTRATION OF CERTAIN SHARES. Promptly after the
Effective Time, Parent shall file registration statements on Form S-8 and
Form S-3 (or any successor or other appropriate forms), with respect to the
shares of Parent Common Stock subject to Company Stock Options and Company
Warrants. Parent shall use reasonable commercial efforts to have such
registration statements declared effective promptly after filing (to the
extent such registration statements are not automatically effective upon
filing). Parent shall use reasonable commercial efforts to maintain the
effectiveness of such registration statements for so long as such options or
warrants remain outstanding.   34  36   4.14 EMPLOYEE MATTERS.   (a)
Parent shall give individuals who are employed by Company or any Company
Subsidiaries immediately prior to the Effective Time and become employees of
the Surviving Corporation or Parent ("Affected Employees") full credit for
purposes of eligibility, vesting, benefit accrual (except for purposes of
benefit accrual under any defined benefit pension plans and except as would
result in duplication of benefits) and determination of the level of benefits
under any employee benefit plans or arrangements (including
vacation) maintained by Parent for each such Affected Employee\'s service
with Company or any Company Subsidiary to the same extent recognized by
Company immediately prior to the Effective Time.   (b) Parent shall waive
all requirements for physical examinations, limitations as to preexisting
conditions exclusions and waiting periods with respect to participation and
coverage requirements applicable to the Affected Employees under any medical
or dental benefit plans that such employees may be eligible to participate in
after the Effective Time, other than limitations or waiting periods that are
already in effect with respect to such employees and that have not been
satisfied as of the Effective Time under any plan maintained for the Affected
Employees immediately prior to the Effective Time. With respect to any
waiting period that is not waived, service with the Company or any Company
Subsidiary will be credited in accordance with Section 4.14(a). Parent shall
credit under any medical or dental plan amounts previously paid by
an Affected Employee (or dependent) during the plan year or calendar year
(as applicable) that includes the Effective Time toward any applicable
deductible, co-payment, out-of-pocket maximum or similar provisions of such
Parent medical or dental plan.   (c) As of the Effective Time, Parent shall
assume and honor in accordance with their terms all employment, severance and
other compensation agreements and arrangements existing prior to the
execution of this Agreement which are between Company and any director,
officer or employee thereof except as otherwise expressly agreed between
Parent and such person.   (d) Except with the prior written consent of
Parent, during the period from the date hereof to the Effective Time, Company
shall not and shall not permit any Company Subsidiary (i) to make any
discretionary contribution to the Company 401(k) plan (the "401(k) Plan") or
(ii) to make any required contribution to the 401(k) Plan in Company Common
Stock. If requested by Parent, Company shall terminate the 401(k) Plan on the
Closing Date immediately prior to the Effective Time.   4.15
INDEMNIFICATION   (a) Subject to the occurrence of the Effective Time, until
the six year anniversary date on which the Effective Time occurs, the Parent
and the Surviving Corporation agree that all rights to indemnification or
exculpation now existing in favor of each present and former employee
(including any employee who serves or served in a fiduciary capacity of any
Plans), agent, director or officer of Company and Company Subsidiaries (the
"Indemnified Parties") as provided in the respective charters or by-laws or
otherwise in effect as of the date hereof shall survive and remain in full
force and effect.   35  37   (b) Parent understands and agrees that,
prior to the Effective Time, Company intends to obtain a six-year "tail"
insurance policy that provides coverage substantially similar to the coverage
provided under the Company\'s directors and officers insurance policy in
effect on the date of this Agreement for the individuals who are directors
and officers of Company on the date of this Agreement for events occurring
prior to the Effective Time; provided, however, without Parent\'s prior
written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed), Company shall not pay more than $1,000,000 to purchase such
policy.   (c) Parent agrees to be jointly and severally liable with
the Surviving Corporation for its indemnification obligations to the
Indemnified Parties.   (d) In the event Parent or any of its successors or
assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any other person and shall not
be the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or
merger, or (ii) transfers or conveys all or substantially all of its
properties and assets to any person, then, and in each such case, to the
extent necessary, proper provision shall be made so that the successors and
assigns of Parent assume the obligations set forth in this Section 4.15.  
(e) The provisions of this Section 4.15 are intended to be for the benefit
of, and shall be enforceable by, each Indemnified Party and his or her heirs
and representatives.   4.16 SECTION 16 APPROVAL. Prior to the Effective
Time, the Board of Directors of Parent or an appropriate committee of non-
employee directors thereof, shall adopt a resolution consistent with the
interpretive guidance of the SEC so that the acquisition by any officer or
director of Company who may become an officer or director of Parent for
purposes of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
thereunder ("Section 16") of Parent Common Stock or options to acquire Parent
Common Shares pursuant to this Agreement and the Merger shall be an exempt
transaction for purposes of Section 16. Parent shall, prior to the Effective
Time, provide to counsel for Company copies of the resolutions adopted by the
Board of Directors of Parent or a committee thereof to implement the
foregoing.   4.17 PARTICIPATION IN CERTAIN ACTIONS AND PROCEEDINGS. Until
this Agreement is terminated in accordance with Section 8.1, Parent shall
have the right to participate in the defense of any action, suit or
proceeding instituted against Company (or any of its directors or officers)
before any court or governmental or regulatory body or threatened by any
governmental or regulatory body, to restrain, modify or prevent the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or to seek
damages or a discovery order in connection with such transactions.   4.18
GUARANTEE OF MERGER SUB\'S OBLIGATIONS. Parent hereby unconditionally and
irrevocably guarantees to Company, until the termination of this Agreement or
the Effective Time, the due and timely performance and observance by
Merger Sub of all of its representations, warranties and covenants under
this Agreement.   36  38   SECTION 5 - CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE
OBLIGATIONS  OF EACH PARTY TO CONSUMMATE THE MERGER   The respective
obligations of each party to consummate the Merger shall be subject to the
satisfaction or waiver by consent of the other party, at or before the
Effective Time, of each of the following conditions:   5.1 STOCKHOLDER
APPROVAL. Company shall have obtained the vote of holders of Company Common
Stock required to adopt this Agreement in accordance with the provisions of
the DGCL and the Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws of Company.   5.2
REGISTRATION STATEMENT. The Registration Statement shall have been declared
effective; no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement shall have been issued, and not withdrawn, by the SEC and no
proceedings for that purpose shall be underway at the SEC; and no
similar proceeding in respect of the Proxy Statement shall be underway at the
SEC or, to the knowledge of Parent or Company, threatened by the SEC.   5.3
ABSENCE OF ORDER. No temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent
injunction or other order issued by a court or other governmental entity of
competent jurisdiction shall be in effect and have the effect of making the
Merger illegal or otherwise prohibiting consummation of the Merger. Parent
and Company each agrees to use reasonable commercial efforts to have any such
order or injunction lifted or stayed.   5.4 REGULATORY APPROVALS. All
material approvals from governmental entities shall have been obtained;
provided, however, that the conditions of this Section 5.4 shall not apply to
any party whose failure to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement shall
have been the cause of, or shall have resulted in, such failure to obtain
such approval.   5.5 HSR ACT. The waiting period (and any extension thereof)
applicable to the Merger under the HSR Act shall have been terminated or
shall have expired.   5.6 NASDAQ. Parent Common Stock shall continue to be
quoted on Nasdaq.   SECTION 6 - CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF 
PARENT AND MERGER SUB TO CONSUMMATE THE MERGER   The obligations of Parent
and Merger Sub to consummate the Merger are subject, to the fulfillment of
the following conditions, any one or more of which may be waived by
Parent:   6.1 REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS. The representations
and warranties made by Company in this Agreement shall have been accurate as
of the date of this Agreement and, other than representations and warranties
made as of a particular date, shall be accurate as of the Closing Date as if
made on and as of the Closing Date (without giving effect to any materiality
or knowledge qualifiers) except (other than representations and warranties
set forth in Section 2.3) to the extent failure to be accurate, in the
aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect. The representations and warranties set forth in Section 2.3
shall be true and correct in all respects (other than de minimis variations)
as of the Closing Date as if made on and as of the Closing Date. Company
shall have performed and complied in all material respects with all covenants
and agreements required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by
it on or prior to the Effective Time. Company   37  39  shall have
delivered to Parent a certificate from its chief executive officer or chief
financial officer, dated the Closing Date, to the foregoing effect.   6.2
CORPORATE CERTIFICATES. Company shall have delivered a copy of
the Certificate of Incorporation of Company, as in effect immediately prior
to the Closing Date, certified by the Delaware Secretary of State and a
certificate, as of the most recent practicable date, of the Delaware
Secretary of State as to Company\'s corporate good standing.   6.3
SECRETARY\'S CERTIFICATE. Company shall have delivered a certificate of the
Secretary of Company, dated as of the Closing Date, certifying as to (a)
the incumbency of officers of Company executing documents executed and
delivered in connection herewith, (b) a copy of the By-Laws of the Company,
as in effect from the date this Agreement was approved by the Board of
Directors of Company until the Closing Date, (c) a copy of the resolutions of
the Board of Directors of the Company authorizing and approving the
applicable matters contemplated hereunder and (iv) a copy of the resolutions
of the stockholders of Company adopting this Agreement.   6.4 AFFILIATE
LETTERS. Parent shall have received the Affiliate Letters referred to in
Section 4.8 that the Company has obtained.   6.5 TAX OPINION. Parent shall
have received the opinion of Palmer and Dodge LLP, dated as of the Closing
Date, to the effect that (i) the Merger will constitute a reorganization
under Section 368(a) of the Code, and (ii) Parent, Company and Merger Sub
will each be a party to that reorganization. In rendering such opinion,
counsel shall be entitled to rely on customary representation letters of
Parent, Company and Merger Sub and others, in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to such counsel; provided, however, if Palmer and Dodge LLP was
unwilling to deliver such opinion, this condition shall be deemed satisfied
if Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C. delivered
such opinion.   6.6 CONSENTS. Company shall have obtained waivers or
consents, which shall remain in full force and effect, with respect to
agreements for which the absence of such waivers or consents, individually or
in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect.   6.7 DISSENTING SHARES. The Dissenting Shares shall not
exceed five percent (5%) of the shares of Company Common Stock issued and
outstanding on the Closing Date.   SECTION 7 - CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE
OBLIGATION OF  COMPANY TO CONSUMMATE THE MERGER   The obligation of Company
to consummate the Merger is subject to the fulfillment of the following
conditions, any one or more of which may be waived by it:   7.1
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS. The representations and warranties
made by Parent in this Agreement shall have been accurate as of the date of
this Agreement and, other than representations and warranties made as of a
particular date, the representations and warranties of Parent and Merger
Sub shall be accurate as of the Closing Date as if made on and as of the
Closing Date (without giving effect to any materiality or knowledge
qualifiers) except to the extent failure to be accurate, in the aggregate,
could not reasonably be expected to have a   38  40  Parent Material
Adverse Effect. Parent and Merger Sub shall have performed and complied in
all material respects with all covenants and agreements required by this
Agreement to be performed or complied with by it on or prior to the Effective
Time. Parent shall have delivered to Company a certificate from its chief
executive officer or chief financial officer, dated the Closing Date, to the
foregoing effect.   7.2 MERGER DOCUMENTS. Merger Sub shall have executed and
delivered the Certificate of Merger and Articles of Merger referred to in
Section 1.2.   7.3 TAX OPINION. Company shall have received the opinion of
Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C., dated as of the Closing
Date, to the effect that (i) the Merger will constitute a reorganization
under Section 368(a) of the Code, and (ii) Parent, Company and Merger Sub
will each be a party to that reorganization. In rendering such opinion,
counsel shall be entitled to rely on customary representation letters of
Parent, Company and Merger Sub and others, in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to such counsel; provided, however, if Mintz, Levin, Cohn,
Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C. was unwilling to deliver such opinion, this
condition shall be deemed satisfied if Palmer and Dodge LLP delivered such
opinion.   SECTION 8 - TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER   8.1
TERMINATION. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to
the Effective Time, whether prior to or after the stockholders of Company
adopt this Agreement:   (a) by either Company or Parent, by written notice
to the other, if the Effective Time shall not have occurred on or before May
15, 2001; provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement under
this Section 8.1(a) shall not be available to any party whose willful failure
to fulfill any material covenant or other material agreement under this
Agreement has resulted in the failure of the Merger to occur on or before
such date; provided, further, however, that it shall be a condition precedent
to the termination of this Agreement by Company pursuant to this Section
8.1(a) that Company shall have made any payment required by Section 8.3;  
(b) by Company (provided that Company is not then in material breach of any
representation, warranty, covenant or other agreement contained herein), by
written notice to Parent, if a circumstance exists or circumstances
exist such that it is reasonably certain that the conditions to Company\'s
obligation to close that are set forth in Section 7.1 will not be satisfied;
provided, however, Company shall not have a right to terminate this Agreement
pursuant to this Section 8.1(b), (i) if the circumstance is or the
circumstances are susceptible to change through action or inaction by Parent
and (ii) within 20 days after written notice from Company, Parent effects a
change in the circumstance or circumstances such that it ceases to be
reasonably certain that the conditions to Company\'s obligation to close that
are set forth in Section 7.1 will not be satisfied;   (c) by Parent
(provided that Parent is not then in material breach of any representation,
warranty, covenant or other agreement contained herein), by written notice to
Company, if a circumstance exists or circumstances exist such that it is
reasonably certain that the conditions to Parent\'s obligation to close that
are set forth in Section 6.1 will not be satisfied;   39  41   provided,
however, Parent shall not have a right to terminate this Agreement pursuant
to this Section 8.1(c), (i) if the circumstance is or the circumstances are
susceptible to change through action or inaction by Company and (ii)
within 20 days after written notice from Parent, Company effects a change in
the circumstance or circumstances such that it ceases to be reasonably
certain that the conditions to Company\'s obligation to close that are set
forth in Section 6.1 will not be satisfied;   (d) by either Parent or
Company, by written notice to the other, if any governmental entity of
competent jurisdiction shall have issued any injunction or taken any other
action permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the
consummation of the Merger and such injunction or other action shall have
become final and non-appealable;   (e) by either Parent or Company, by
written notice to the other, if the stockholders of Company shall not have
adopted this Agreement within sixty (60) days after the later of (i) the date
Company mails the Proxy Statement/Prospectus to the Company stockholders or
(ii) the date of the most recent supplemental proxy materials that Company is
legally required to distribute to its stockholders; provided, however, that
it shall be a condition precedent to the termination of this Agreement by
Company pursuant to this Section 8.1(e) that Company shall have made any
payment required by Section 8.3; and provided, further however, that the
right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 8.1(e) shall not be
available to any party whose willful failure to fulfill any material covenant
or other material agreement under this Agreement has been the cause of or
resulted in the failure to receive such stockholder vote on or before such
date;   (f) by Parent, by written notice to Company, if the Board of
Directors of the Company (i) fails to include in the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus its recommendation that Company\'s stockholders vote to
adopt this Agreement or (ii) withdraws, modifies or qualifies its approval
of, or its recommendation that Company stockholders vote in favor of, such
action or takes any action or makes any statement inconsistent with such
approval or recommendation, (iii) adopts resolutions approving or otherwise
authorizes or recommends an Alternative Transaction or (iv) fails to
recommend against, or takes a neutral position with respect to, a tender or
exchange offer in any position taken pursuant to Rules 14d-9 and 14e-2(a)
under the Exchange Act;   (g) by Parent, in the event that Company or any of
its directors takes any of the actions described in clause (ii) of the second
sentence of Section 4.10 in response to a proposal for an Alternative
Transaction more than 15 business days after it is obligated to notify Parent
of its receipt of such Alternative Transaction proposal.   (h) by Company
at any time on or prior to the date that is four weeks after the initial
filing of the Registration Statement, if as a result of a proposal for an
Alternative Transaction, the Board of Directors of Company (including through
a special committee or otherwise) shall have determined in good faith, after
consultation with outside legal counsel, that the failure to terminate this
Agreement would be reasonably likely to constitute a breach of their
fiduciary duties under Delaware law in the absence of any limitation on the
right to terminate this Agreement; provided, however, that it shall be
a condition precedent to the termination of this Agreement by Company
pursuant to this Section 8.1(h) that Company shall have made the payment
required by Section 8.3; provided, further, however, that it shall be a
condition   40  42  precedent to the termination of this Agreement
pursuant to Section 8.1(g) that Company shall have given Parent notice of its
intention to terminate at least 48 hours prior to such termination;   (i)
by Parent, if any person or group (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the
Exchange Act), other than Parent or any of its affiliates, shall have become
the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of at
least 15% of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock; and   (j) at
any time with the written consent of Parent and Company.   8.2 EFFECT OF
TERMINATION. If this Agreement is terminated as provided in Section 8.1, this
Agreement shall forthwith become void and have no effect, without liability
on the part of Parent, Merger Sub and Company and their respective directors,
officers or stockholders, except that (a) the provisions of this Section 8,
Section 9, Section 4.3 relating to expenses, and Section 4.7 relating to
publicity shall survive, and (b) no such termination shall relieve any party
from liability by reason of any willful breach by such party of any of its
representations, warranties, covenants or other agreements contained in
this Agreement.   8.3 TERMINATION FEE   (a) FEE. If this Agreement is
terminated by Company pursuant to Section 8.1(a), (e) or (h), or by Parent
(i) pursuant to Section 8.1(e) or (f) or (ii) pursuant to Section 8.1(c) due
to a breach of Section 4.1(b) or Section 4.10, then Company shall pay to
Parent in cash $31 million (the "Fee"); provided, however, that the Fee shall
not be owed if this Agreement is terminated pursuant to 8.1(a) or (e) unless
prior to the time of termination a bona fide Alternative Transaction shall
have been announced and not withdrawn; and, provided, further, however, that
the fee shall not be owed if this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section
8.1(a) if, at the time of such termination, the conditions set forth in
Sections 5.2, 5.3, 5.4, 5.5, 5.6, 6.5 or Section 7.1 shall not have been
satisfied or shall not have been capable of immediate satisfaction unless
such failure was due to a material breach of this Agreement by the Company,
or if Parent is in material breach of this Agreement on the date of
termination. Company shall pay the Fee to Parent concurrently with Company
terminating this Agreement and within one business day of Parent terminating
this Agreement.   (b) PAYMENTS. Any payments required under this Section 8.3
shall be payable by Company by wire transfer of immediately available funds
to an account designated by Parent. If Company fails to promptly make any
payment required under this Section 8.3 and Parent commences a suit to
collect such payment, Company shall indemnify Parent for its fees and
expenses (including attorneys fees and expenses) incurred in connection with
such suit and shall pay Company interest on the amount of the payment at the
prime rate of Fleet National Bank (or its successors or assigns) in effect on
the date the payment was payable pursuant to this Section 8.3.   8.4
AMENDMENT. This Agreement may be amended at any time before or after adoption
of this Agreement by the stockholders of Company by an instrument signed by
each of the parties hereto; provided, however, that after adoption of this
Agreement by the stockholders of Company, without the further approval of the
stockholders of Company, no amendment may be made that (a) alters or
changes the amount or kind of consideration to be received as provided in  
41  43  Section 1.6, (b) alters or changes any term of the Articles of
Organization of the Surviving Corporation or (c) alters or changes any of the
terms and conditions of this Agreement if such alteration or change would
adversely affect the stockholders of Company.   8.5 WAIVER. At any time
prior to the Effective Time, either party hereto may (a) extend the time for
the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other party
hereto or (b) waive compliance with any of the agreements of the other party
or any conditions to its own obligations, in each case only to the extent
such obligations, agreements and conditions are intended for its benefit;
provided that any such extension or waiver shall be binding upon a party only
if such extension or waiver is set forth in a writing executed by such
party.   SECTION 9 - MISCELLANEOUS   9.1 NO SURVIVAL. None of the
representations and warranties of Company, Parent or Merger Sub contained
herein shall survive the Effective Time, and only those covenants and
agreements contained herein that by their terms are to be performed after the
Effective Time shall survive the Effective Time.   9.2 NOTICES. Any notice
or other communication required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing
and shall be deemed given when so delivered in person, by overnight courier,
by facsimile transmission (with receipt confirmed by telephone or by
automatic transmission report) or two business days after being sent by
registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested), as
follows:   (a) if to Parent or Merger Sub, to:   Genzyme Corporation  One
Kendall Square  Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139  Attn: Peter Wirth 
Telephone: (617) 252-7882  Facsimile: (617) 252-7553  with a copy to:  
Palmer and Dodge LLP  One Beacon Street  Boston, Massachusetts 02108  Attn:
Paul M. Kinsella  Telephone: (617) 573-0100  Facsimile: (617) 227-4420  
(b) if to Company, to:   GelTex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Nine Fourth Avenue 
Waltham, Massachusetts 02154  Attn: Mark Skaletsky  Telephone: (781)
290-5888  Facsimile: (781) 290-5890   42  44   with a copy to:  
Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris,  Glovsky and Popeo, P.C.  One Financial Center 
Boston, Massachusetts 02111  Attn: Jeffrey M. Wiesen  Lewis J. Geffen 
Telephone: (617) 542-6000  Facsimile: (617) 542-2241  Any party may by
notice given in accordance with this Section 9.2 to the other parties
designate another address or person for receipt of notices hereunder.   9.3
ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the
parties with respect to the Merger and related transactions, and
supersede all prior agreements, written or oral, between the parties with
respect thereto, other than the Confidentiality Agreement, which shall
survive execution of this Agreement and any termination of this
Agreement.   9.4 GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts
without regard to its conflict of law provisions, except to the extent that
the laws of the State of Delaware apply to the Merger and the rights of
Company stockholders relative to the Merger.   9.5 BINDING EFFECT; NO
ASSIGNMENT; NO THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES.   (a) This Agreement shall be
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective
successors and permitted assigns. This Agreement is not assignable without
the prior written consent of the other parties hereto.   (b) Other than
Section 4.15, nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to
or shall confer upon any person other than Parent, Merger Sub and Company and
their respective successors and permitted assigns and right, benefit or
remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.   9.6
SECTION HEADINGS, CONSTRUCTION. The headings of Sections in this Agreement
are provided for convenience only and will not affect its construction or
interpretation. All references to "Section" or "Sections" refer to
the corresponding Section or Sections of this Agreement. All words used in
this Agreement will be construed to be of such gender or number as the
circumstances require. Unless otherwise expressly provided, the word
"including" does not limit the preceding words or terms.   9.7
COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in two counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed an original, and both of which together
shall constitute one and the same instrument.   9.8 SEVERABILITY. If any
provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable by any court of
competent jurisdiction, the other provisions of this Agreement shall remain
in full force and effect. Any provision of this Agreement held invalid or
unenforceable only in part or degree will remain in full force and effect to
the extent not held invalid or unenforceable. The   43  45  parties
further agree to replace such invalid or unenforceable provision of
this Agreement with a valid and enforceable provision that will achieve, to
the extent possible, the economic, business and other purposes of such
invalid or unenforceable provision.   9.9 SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION;
WAIVER. Each of Company, Parent and Merger Sub (when joined pursuant to the
Joinder Agreement) irrevocably agrees that any legal action or proceeding
with respect to this Agreement or for recognition and enforcement of any
judgment in respect hereof brought by the other party hereto or its
successors or assigns may be brought and determined in the courts of
the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and each of Company, Parent and Merger Sub
(when joined pursuant to the Joinder Agreement) hereby irrevocably submits
with regard to any action or proceeding for itself and in respect to its
property, generally and unconditionally, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of
the aforesaid courts. Each of Company, Parent and Merger sub (when joined
pursuant to the Joinder Agreement) hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not
to assert, by way of motion, as a defense, counterclaim or otherwise, in any
action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement, (a) any claim that it is
not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts for any
reason other than the failure to lawfully serve process, (b) that it or its
property is exempt or immune from jurisdiction of any such court or from any
legal process commenced in such courts (whether through service of notice,
attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution of judgment,
execution of judgment or otherwise), and (c) to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, that (i) the suit, action or proceeding in any such court
is brought in an inconvenient forum, (ii) the venue of such suit, action or
proceeding is improper and (iii) this Agreement, or the subject matter
hereof, may not be enforced in or by such courts.   9.10 ENFORCEMENT. The
parties recognize and agree that if for any reason any of the provisions of
this Agreement are not performed in accordance with their specific terms or
are otherwise breached, immediate and irreparable harm or injury would be
caused for which money damages would not be an adequate remedy. Accordingly,
each party agrees that in addition to other remedies the other party shall be
entitled to an injunction restraining any violation or threatened violation
of the provisions of this Agreement. In the event that any action shall be
brought in equity to enforce the provisions of the Agreement, neither party
will allege, and each party hereby waives the defense, that there is an
adequate remedy at law.   9.11 RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. The parties hereto
agree that they have been represented by counsel during the negotiation and
execution of this Agreement and, therefore, waive the application of any law,
regulation, holding or ruling of construction providing that ambiguities in
an agreement or other document will be construed against the party drafting
such agreement or document.   9.12 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF PARENT,
COMPANY AND MERGER SUB (WHEN JOINED PURSUANT TO THE JOINDER AGREEMENT) HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR
COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF,
UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER RELATED DOCUMENT, OR
ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALINGS, STATEMENT OR ACTION RELATED HERETO
OR THERETO.   44   46     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have
executed this Agreement and Plan of Merger under seal as of the date first
stated above.    GELTEX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.     By /s/ Mark
Skaletsky  -------------------------------------  Name: Mark Skaletsky 
Title: President and Chief  Executive Officer   GENZYME CORPORATION   
By /s/ Peter Wirth  -------------------------------------  Name: Peter
Wirth  Title: Executive Vice President      [Signature Page to Agreement
and Plan of Merger]    47  TABLE OF CONTENTS  PAGE  ----  SECTION 1 -
THE MERGER.................................................... 1   1.1 The
Merger....................................................... 1   1.2
Effective Time................................................... 2   1.3
Effects of the Merger............................................ 2   1.4
Articles of Organization and By-Laws............................. 2   1.5
Directors and Officers........................................... 2   1.6
Conversion of Common Stock....................................... 2   1.7
Company Options, Warrants and Purchase Rights.................... 6   1.8
Closing of Company Transfer Books................................ 7   1.9
Exchange of Certificates......................................... 8   1.10
No Liability..................................................... 8   1.11
Lost Certificates................................................ 9   1.12
Withholding Rights............................................... 9   1.13
Distributions with Respect to Unexchanged Shares................. 9   1.14
Further Assurances............................................... 9  SECTION
2 - REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF COMPANY...................... 9   2.1
Organization and Qualification................................... 10   2.2
Authority to Execute and Perform Agreements...................... 10   2.3
Capitalization and Title to Shares............................... 10   2.4
Company Subsidiaries............................................. 12   2.5
SEC Reports...................................................... 12   2.6
Financial Statements............................................. 13   2.7
Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities............................... 13   2.8
Absence of Adverse Changes....................................... 13   2.9
Compliance with Laws............................................. 13   2.10
Actions and Proceedings.......................................... 14   2.11
Contracts and Other Agreements................................... 14   2.12
Intellectual Property............................................ 15   2.13
Insurance........................................................ 16   2.14
Commercial Relationships......................................... 16   2.15
Tax Matters...................................................... 16   -i- 
48  TABLE OF CONTENTS  (continued)  PAGE  ----   2.16 Employee Benefit
Plans........................................... 18   2.17 Employee
Relations............................................... 19   2.18
Environmental Matters............................................ 20   2.19
No Breach........................................................ 22   2.20
Board Approvals.................................................. 23   2.21
Financial Advisor................................................ 23   2.22
Proxy Statement and Registration Statement.......................
23  SECTION 3 - REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
PARENT....................... 24   3.1 Organization and
Qualification................................... 24   3.2 Authority to
Execute and Perform Agreement....................... 24   3.3
Capitalization................................................... 24   3.4
SEC Reports...................................................... 25   3.5
Financial Statements............................................. 25   3.6
Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities............................... 25   3.7
Absence of Adverse Changes....................................... 26   3.8
Actions and Proceedings.......................................... 26   3.9
Intellectual Property............................................ 26   3.10
No Breach........................................................ 26   3.11
Proxy Statement and Registration Statement....................... 27   3.12
Financing........................................................ 27   3.13
Merger Sub.......................................................
27  SECTION 4 - COVENANTS AND
AGREEMENTS....................................... 28   4.1 Conduct of
Business.............................................. 28   4.2 Corporate
Examinations and Investigations........................ 31   4.3
Expenses......................................................... 31   4.4
Authorization from Others........................................ 31   4.5
Further Assurances............................................... 31   4.6
Preparation of Disclosure Documents.............................. 32   4.7
Public Announcements............................................. 33   4.8
Affiliate Letters................................................ 33   4.9
Nasdaq Listings.................................................. 33  
-ii-  49  TABLE OF CONTENTS  (continued)  PAGE  ----   4.10 No
Solicitation.................................................. 33   4.11
Regulatory Filings............................................... 34   4.12
Notification of Certain Matters.................................. 34   4.13
Registration of Certain Shares................................... 35   4.14
Employee Matters................................................. 35   4.15
Indemnification.................................................. 36   4.16
Section 16 Approval.............................................. 36   4.17
Participation in Certain Actions and Proceedings................. 36   4.18
Guarantee of Merger Sub\'s Obligations............................
37  SECTION 5 - CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF EACH  PARTY TO
CONSUMMATE THE MERGER................................... 37   5.1
Stockholder Approval............................................. 37   5.2
Registration Statement........................................... 37   5.3
Absence of Order................................................. 37   5.4
Regulatory Approvals............................................. 37   5.5
HSR Act.......................................................... 37   5.6
Nasdaq...........................................................
37  SECTION 6 - CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF  PARENT AND
MERGER SUB TO CONSUMMATE THE MERGER................... 37   6.1
Representations, Warranties and Covenants........................ 37   6.2
Corporate Certificates........................................... 38   6.3
Secretary\'s Certificate.......................................... 38   6.4
Affiliate Letters................................................ 38   6.5
Tax Opinion...................................................... 38   6.6
Consents......................................................... 38   6.7
Dissenting Shares................................................
38  SECTION 7 - CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE OBLIGATION OF  COMPANY TO
CONSUMMATE THE MERGER................................. 39   7.1
Representations, Warranties and Covenants........................ 39   7.2
Merger Documents................................................. 39   7.3
Tax Opinion......................................................
39  SECTION 8 - TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND
WAIVER.............................. 39   -iii-  50  TABLE OF CONTENTS 
(continued)  PAGE  ----   8.1
Termination...................................................... 39   8.2
Effect of Termination............................................ 41   8.3
Termination Fee.................................................. 41   8.4
Amendment........................................................ 42   8.5
Waiver...........................................................
42  SECTION 9 -
MISCELLANEOUS.................................................. 42   9.1 No
Survival...................................................... 42   9.2
Notices.......................................................... 42   9.3
Entire Agreement................................................. 43   9.4
Governing Law.................................................... 43   9.5
Binding Effect; No Assignment; No Third-Party Beneficiaries...... 43   9.6
Section Headings, Construction................................... 44   9.7
Counterparts..................................................... 44   9.8
Severability..................................................... 44   9.9
Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver............................... 44   9.10
Enforcement...................................................... 44   9.11
Rules of Construction............................................ 45   9.12
Waiver of Jury Trial............................................. 45  
-iv-   51    EXHIBITS  Exhibit A Form of Agreement of
Joinder  Exhibit B Form of Affiliate Letter     52   EXHIBIT A  
[FORM OF AGREEMENT OF JOINDER TO BE EXECUTED BY MERGER SUB]   The
undersigned [Name] ("Merger Sub"), a Massachusetts corporation and wholly-
owned subsidiary of Genzyme Corporation, hereby joins in the
foregoing Agreement and Plan of Merger and agrees to be a party thereto and
to perform the obligations of Merger Sub thereunder, as though it had been a
party thereto from the date thereof.   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Merger Sub has
caused this Agreement of Joinder to be signed as a sealed instrument by its
duly authorized officers as of _______________, 2000.   [NAME OF MERGER
SUB]   By:  -----------------------------------  President   By: 
-----------------------------------  Treasurer    53  EXHIBIT B   [FORM
OF AFFILIATE LETTER]   ___________, 2000  Genzyme Corporation One Kendall
Square Cambridge, MA 02139  Ladies and Gentlemen:   I have been advised
that as of the date of this letter I may be deemed to be an "affiliate" of
GelTex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.)(the "Company"), a Delaware corporation, as the
term "affiliate" is used in Rule 145 of the rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). Pursuant to the terms of the
Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement") dated as of September
__, 2000 between Genzyme Corporation ("Parent"), a Massachusetts corporation,
and the Company, the Company will be merged with and into a wholly owned
subsidiary of Parent (the "Merger").   In connection with the Merger, I am
entitled to receive shares of Genzyme General Division common stock, $0.01
par value per share (the "Parent Shares"), in exchange for the shares owned
by me of common stock, $0.01 par value per share, of the Company (the
"Company Shares").   I represent, warrant and covenant to Parent that in the
event I receive any Parent Shares as a result of the Merger:   (a) I shall
not make any sale, transfer or other disposition of the Parent Shares in
violation of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder.  
(b) I have carefully read this letter and the Merger Agreement and discussed
the requirements of such documents and other applicable limitations upon my
ability to sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of the Parent Shares, to the
extent I felt necessary, with my counsel or counsel for the Company.   (c) I
have been advised that the issuance of the Parent Shares to me pursuant to
the Merger has been or will be registered with the SEC under the Securities
Act on a Registration Statement on Form S-4; however, because I may be deemed
to be an affiliate of the Company and the distribution of the Parent Shares
by me or on my behalf has not been registered under the Securities
Act, dispositions of the Parent Shares by me or on my behalf may be
restricted under the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.
I will not sell, transfer, hedge, encumber or otherwise dispose of the Parent
Shares issued to me in the Merger unless the disposition (x) is made in
conformity with the volume and other limitations of Rule 145 under the
Securities Act, (y) is made pursuant to an effective Registration Statement
under the Securities Act or (z) is, in the opinion of counsel reasonably
acceptable to Parent or as described in a "no-action" or interpretive letter
from the staff of the SEC, exempt from registration under the Securities
Act.   (d) I understand that Parent is under no obligation to register
under the Securities Act the disposition of the Parent Shares by me or on my
behalf or to take any other action necessary in order to make compliance with
an exemption from such registration available.   (e) I also understand that
there will be placed on the certificates for the Parent Shares issued to me,
or any substitutions therefor, a legend stating in substance:   THE SHARES
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE WERE ISSUED IN A  TRANSACTION TO WHICH RULE
145 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT  OF 1933, AS AMENDED, APPLIES. THE
SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS  CERTIFICATE MAY ONLY BE TRANSFERRED IN ACCORDANCE
WITH THE TERMS OF  AN AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE REGISTERED HOLDER HEREOF AND
GENZYME  CORPORATION.   (f) I also understand that unless a sale or
transfer is made in conformity with the provisions of Rule 145 under the
Securities Act (and satisfactory evidence of such conformity is provided to
Parent), or pursuant to an effective registration statement, Parent reserves
the right to put the following legend on the certificates issued to my
transferee:   THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN
REGISTERED  UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND WERE ACQUIRED 
FROM A PERSON WHO RECEIVED SUCH SHARES IN A TRANSACTION TO WHICH  RULE 145
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,  APPLIES. THE
SHARES HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED BY THE HOLDER NOT WITH A  VIEW TO, OR FOR RESALE IN
CONNECTION WITH, ANY DISTRIBUTION THEREOF  WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND  MAY NOT BE SOLD, PLEDGED OR
OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN  ACCORDANCE WITH AN EXEMPTION FROM THE
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF  THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED.   It
is understood and agreed that the legends set forth in paragraphs (e) and (f)
above shall be removed by delivery of substitute certificates without such
legends if the undersigned shall have delivered to Parent a copy of a "no
action" or interpretive letter from the staff of the SEC, or an opinion
of counsel reasonably satisfactory to Parent in form and substance
satisfactory to Parent, to the effect that disposition of the shares by the
holder thereof is not restricted under the Securities Act.   Execution of
this letter should not be considered an admission on my part that I am an
"affiliate" of the Company as described in the first paragraph of this
letter, or as a waiver of any rights I may have to object to any claim that I
am such an affiliate on or after the date of this letter.     Very truly
yours,   -------------------------------------  Name (print): 
Address:   Accepted:  GENZYME CORPORATION   54   By: 
----------------------------------------- Name (print): Title:   Dated: 
--------------------------------------   '

