 EXHIBIT 2.2    EXHIBIT 2.2   Execution
Copy   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   Dated as of March 15, 2004  
among   GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY,   JET ACQUISITION SUB, INC.   and  
INVISION TECHNOLOGIES, INC.     TABLE OF CONTENTS      PAGE  ~~
 ARTICLE I The
Merger........................................................................
1   Section 1.1 The
Merger.............................................................. 1 
Section 1.2
Closing................................................................. 1 
Section 1.3 Effective
Time.......................................................... 1  Section 1.4
Effects of the Merger................................................... 2 
Section 1.5 Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws of the Surviving
Corporation... 2  Section 1.6 Directors of the Surviving
Corporation.................................. 2  Section 1.7 Officers of the
Surviving Corporation................................... 2  ARTICLE II
Effect of the Merger on the Capital Stock of the Constituent Corporations; 
Exchange of Certificates; Company Stock
Options................................... 2   Section 2.1 Effect on Capital
Stock................................................. 2  Section 2.2
Surrender of Certificates............................................... 4 
Section 2.3 Company Stock
Options................................................... 5  Section 2.4
Withholding Taxes....................................................... 6 
Section 2.5
Adjustments.............................................................
6  ARTICLE III Representations and Warranties of the
Company..................................... 6   Section 3.1 Organization,
Standing and Corporate Power.............................. 7  Section 3.2
Capitalization.......................................................... 8 
Section 3.3 Authority; Noncontravention; Voting
Requirements........................ 9  Section 3.4 Governmental
Approvals.................................................. 10  Section 3.5
Company SEC Documents; Undisclosed Liabilities.......................... 11 
Section 3.6 Absence of Certain Changes or
Events.................................... 13  Section 3.7 Legal
Proceedings....................................................... 14 
Section 3.8 Compliance With Laws;
Permits........................................... 14  Section 3.9
Information in Proxy Statement.......................................... 15 
Section 3.10 Tax
Matters............................................................. 15 
Section 3.11 Employee Benefits and Labor
Matters..................................... 16  Section 3.12 Environmental
Matters................................................... 21    i    
TABLE OF CONTENTS  (continued)       PAGE  ~~   Section 3.13
Contracts............................................................... 23 
Section 3.14 Government
Contracts.................................................... 25  Section
3.15 Title to Properties.....................................................
27  Section 3.16 Intellectual
Property................................................... 27  Section 3.17
Insurance, Claims and Warranties........................................ 29 
Section 3.18 Opinion of Financial
Advisor............................................ 30  Section 3.19 Brokers
and Other Advisors.............................................. 30  Section
3.20 State Takeover Statutes.................................................
30  ARTICLE IV Representations and Warranties of Parent and Merger
Sub........................... 31   Section 4.1 Organization, Standing and
Corporate Power.............................. 31  Section 4.2 Authority;
Noncontravention............................................. 31  Section 4.3
Governmental Approvals.................................................. 32 
Section 4.4 Information
Supplied.................................................... 32  Section 4.5
Ownership and Operations of Merger Sub.................................. 32 
Section 4.6
Financing............................................................... 32 
Section 4.7 Brokers and Other
Advisors.............................................. 32  ARTICLE V
Covenants and
Agreements.......................................................... 32  
Section 5.1 Preparation of the Proxy Statement; Stockholder
Meeting................. 32  Section 5.2 Conduct of Business of the
Company...................................... 33  Section 5.3 No Solicitation
by the Company; Etc..................................... 37  Section 5.4
Further Action; Reasonable Best Efforts................................. 40 
Section 5.5 Public
Announcements.................................................... 42  Section
5.6 Access to Information; Confidentiality..................................
42  Section 5.7 Notification of Certain
Matters......................................... 43  Section 5.8
Indemnification and Insurance........................................... 43 
Section 5.9 Securityholder
Litigation............................................... 44  Section 5.10
Fees and Expenses....................................................... 44 
Section 5.11 Employee
Benefits....................................................... 44  Section
5.12 Sale of Company NDT Business............................................
45    ii     TABLE OF CONTENTS  (continued)       PAGE  ~~
 ARTICLE VI Conditions
Precedent.............................................................. 45  
Section 6.1 Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect the
Merger.............. 45  Section 6.2 Conditions to Obligations of Parent and
Merger Sub...................... 46  Section 6.3 Conditions to Obligation of
the Company................................. 47  Section 6.4 Frustration of
Closing Conditions....................................... 48  ARTICLE VII
Termination.......................................................................
48   Section 7.1
Termination............................................................. 48 
Section 7.2 Effect of
Termination................................................... 50  Section
7.3 Termination Fee.........................................................
50  ARTICLE VIII
Miscellaneous.....................................................................
51  Section 8.1 Nonsurvival of Representations and
Warranties........................... 51  Section 8.2 Amendment or
Supplement................................................. 52  Section 8.3
Extension of Time, Waiver, Etc.......................................... 52 
Section 8.4
Assignment.............................................................. 52 
Section 8.5 Counterparts; Facsimile; Electronic
Transmission........................ 52  Section 8.6 Entire Agreement; No
Third-Party Beneficiaries.......................... 52  Section 8.7 Governing
Law; Waiver of Jury Trial..................................... 53  Section
8.8 Specific Enforcement....................................................
53  Section 8.9 Consent to
Jurisdiction................................................. 53  Section
8.10 Notices.................................................................
53  Section 8.11
Severability............................................................ 55 
Section 8.12
Definitions............................................................. 55 
Section 8.13
Interpretation..........................................................
59    iii         AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   This AGREEMENT
AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of March 15, 2004 (this "Agreement"), is among
GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY, a New York corporation ("Parent"), JET ACQUISITION
SUB, INC., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly owned Subsidiary of
Parent ("Merger Sub"), and INVISION TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware
corporation (the "Company"). Certain terms used in this Agreement are used as
defined in Section 8.12.   WHEREAS, the respective Boards of Directors of
the Company and Merger Sub have approved and declared advisable, and the
Board of Directors of Parent has approved, this Agreement and the merger of
Merger Sub with and into the Company (the "Merger"), on the terms and subject
to the conditions provided for in this Agreement;   WHEREAS, Parent, Merger
Sub and the Company desire to make certain representations, warranties,
covenants and agreements in connection with the Merger and also to prescribe
various conditions to the Merger.   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this
Agreement, and intending to be legally bound hereby, Parent, Merger Sub and
the Company hereby agree as follows:   ARTICLE I   The Merger   SECTION
1.1 The Merger. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in
this Agreement, and in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware (the "DGCL"), at the Effective Time, Merger Sub shall be
merged with and into the Company, and the separate corporate existence
of Merger Sub shall thereupon cease, and the Company shall be the
surviving corporation in the Merger (the "Surviving Corporation").  
SECTION 1.2 Closing. The closing of the Merger (the "Closing") shall take
place at 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on a date to be specified by
the parties, which date shall be no later than the second business day
after satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VI (other
than those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the
Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or waiver of such conditions),
unless another time or date, or both, are agreed to in writing by the parties
hereto. The date on which the Closing is held is herein referred to as the
"Closing Date". The Closing will be held at the offices of Weil, Gotshal and
Manges LLP, 767 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10153, unless another place
is agreed to in writing by the parties hereto.   SECTION 1.3 Effective
Time. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, on the Closing Date the
parties shall file with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware a
certificate of merger (the "Certificate of Merger"), executed
in        accordance with the relevant provisions of the DGCL. The
Merger shall become effective upon the filing of the Certificate of Merger or
at such later time as is agreed to by the parties hereto and specified in the
Certificate of Merger (the time at which the Merger becomes effective is
herein referred to as the "Effective Time").   SECTION 1.4 Effects of the
Merger. From and after the Effective Time, the Merger shall have the effects
set forth in the DGCL. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and
subject thereto, at the Effective Time, all the properties, rights,
privileges, powers and franchises of the Company and Merger Sub shall vest in
the Surviving Corporation, and all debts, liabilities and duties of the
Company and Merger Sub shall become the debts, liabilities and duties of the
Surviving Corporation.   SECTION 1.5 Certificate of Incorporation and By-
laws of the Surviving Corporation.   (a) The certificate of incorporation
of the Company, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall
be amended in the Merger to be in the form of Exhibit A hereto and, as so
amended, such certificate of incorporation shall be the certificate of
incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended as
provided therein or by applicable Law.   (b) At the Effective Time and
without any further action on the part of the Company and Merger Sub, the by-
laws of Merger Sub as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall
be the by-laws of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended as
provided therein or by applicable Law.   SECTION 1.6 Directors of the
Surviving Corporation. Parent shall take all necessary actions to cause the
directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time to be the
directors of the Surviving Corporation immediately following the Effective
Time, until the earlier of their resignation or removal or until their
respective successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case may be.  
SECTION 1.7 Officers of the Surviving Corporation. The officers of
the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the officers of
the Surviving Corporation until their respective successors are duly
appointed and qualified or their earlier death, resignation or removal in
accordance with the certificate of incorporation and by-laws of the Surviving
Corporation.   ARTICLE II   Effect of the Merger on the Capital Stock of
the  Constituent Corporations; Exchange of Certificates; Company Stock
Options   SECTION 2.1 Effect on Capital Stock. At the Effective Time, by
virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder of any
shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company ("Company
Common Stock") or any shares of capital stock of Merger Sub:  
2       (a) Capital Stock of Merger Sub. Each issued and outstanding
share of capital stock of Merger Sub shall be converted into and become one
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock, par value
$.01 per share, of the Surviving Corporation.   (b) Cancellation of
Treasury Stock and Parent-Owned Stock. Any shares of Company Common Stock
that are owned by the Company as treasury stock, and any shares of Company
Common Stock owned by Parent or Merger Sub, shall be automatically canceled
and shall cease to exist and no consideration shall be delivered in exchange
therefor.   (c) Conversion of Company Common Stock. Each issued and
outstanding share of Company Common Stock (other than shares to be canceled
in accordance with Section 2.1(b) and Appraisal Shares) shall be converted
into the right to receive $50.00 in cash, without interest (the "Merger
Consideration"). As of the Effective Time, all such shares of Company Common
Stock shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and
shall cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate which immediately
prior to the Effective Time represented any such shares of Company Common
Stock (each, a "Certificate") shall cease to have any rights with respect
thereto, except the right to receive the Merger Consideration to be paid in
consideration therefor upon surrender of such Certificate in accordance with
Section 2.2(b), without interest.   (d) Appraisal Rights. Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, shares (the "Appraisal Shares")
of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time that are held by any holder who is entitled to demand and
properly demands appraisal of such shares pursuant to, and who complies in
all respects with, the provisions of Section 262 of the DGCL ("Section 262")
shall not be converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration as
provided in Section 2.1(c), but instead such holder shall be entitled to
payment of the fair value of such shares in accordance with the provisions of
Section 262. At the Effective Time, all Appraisal Shares shall no longer be
outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and shall cease to exist, and
each holder of Appraisal Shares shall cease to have any rights with respect
thereto, except the right to receive the fair value of such Appraisal Shares
in accordance with the provisions of Section 262. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if any such holder shall fail to perfect or otherwise shall
waive, withdraw or lose the right to appraisal under Section 262 or a court
of competent jurisdiction shall determine that such holder is not entitled to
the relief provided by Section 262, then the right of such holder to be paid
the fair value of such holder\'s Appraisal Shares under Section 262 shall
cease and such Appraisal Shares shall be deemed to have been converted at the
Effective Time into, and shall have become, the right to receive the Merger
Consideration as provided in Section 2.1(c). The Company shall deliver prompt
notice to Parent of any demands for appraisal of any shares of Company Common
Stock, and Parent shall have the right to direct all negotiations and
proceedings with respect to such demands. Prior to the Effective Time, the
Company shall not, without the prior written consent of Parent, make any
payment with respect to, or settle or offer to settle, any such demands, or
agree to do any of the foregoing.   3       SECTION 2.2 Surrender of
Certificates.   (a) Paying Agent. Prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall
designate a bank or trust company to act as agent for payment of the Merger
Consideration upon surrender of the Certificates (the "Paying Agent").
Promptly after the Effective Time, Parent shall deposit, or cause to be
deposited, with the Paying Agent cash sufficient to pay the aggregate Merger
Consideration payable pursuant to Section 2.1(c) upon surrender of
outstanding shares of Company Common Stock. Such funds provided to the Paying
Agent are referred to herein as the "Payment Fund".   (b) Payment
Procedures. Promptly after the Effective Time, the Paying Agent shall mail to
each holder of record of a Certificate (i) a letter of transmittal (which
shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to
the Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of the Certificates to the
Paying Agent, and which shall be in such form and shall have such other
provisions as Parent may reasonably specify) and (ii) instructions for use in
effecting the surrender of the Certificates in exchange for the Merger
Consideration. Upon surrender of a Certificate for cancellation to the Paying
Agent, together with such letter of transmittal, duly completed and validly
executed in accordance with the instructions (and such other
customary documents as may reasonably be required by the Paying Agent), the
holder of such Certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor
the amount of cash into which the shares of Company Common Stock formerly
represented by such Certificate shall have been converted pursuant to Section
2.1(c), and the Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith be canceled. In
the event of a transfer of ownership of shares of Company Common Stock that
is not registered in the transfer records of the Company, the proper amount
of cash may be paid in exchange therefor to a Person other than the Person in
whose name the Certificate so surrendered is registered if such Certificate
shall be properly endorsed or shall otherwise be in proper form for transfer
and the Person requesting such payment shall pay any transfer and other Taxes
required by reason of the payment to a Person other than the registered
holder of such Certificate or establish to the satisfaction of the Surviving
Corporation that such Tax either has been paid or is not applicable. Until
surrendered as contemplated by this Section 2.2(b), each Certificate shall be
deemed at any time after the Effective Time to represent only the right to
receive upon such surrender the Merger Consideration. No interest will be
paid or will accrue on the cash payable upon surrender of any
Certificate.   (c) Transfer Books; No Further Ownership Rights in Company
Stock. All cash paid upon the surrender of Certificates in accordance with
the terms of this Article II shall be deemed to have been paid in full
satisfaction of all rights pertaining to the shares of Company Common Stock
previously represented by such Certificates. At the close of business on the
day on which the Effective Time occurs, the stock transfer books of the
Company shall be closed and there shall be no further registration of
transfers on the stock transfer books of the Surviving Corporation of the
shares of Company Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time. Subject to Section 2.2(e), if, at any time after the
Effective Time, Certificates are presented to the Surviving Corporation or
the Paying Agent for any reason, they shall be canceled and exchanged as
provided in this Article II.   4        (d) Lost, Stolen or Destroyed
Certificates. If any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed,
upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the Person claiming such
Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by Parent, the
posting by such Person of a bond, in such reasonable amount as Parent may
direct, as indemnity against any claim that may be made against it with
respect to such Certificate, the Paying Agent will pay the Merger
Consideration to such Person in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed
Certificate.   (e) Termination of Fund. Any portion of the Payment Fund
(including the proceeds of any investments thereof) that remains
undistributed to the holders of the Certificates for 180 days after the
Effective Time shall be delivered by the Paying Agent to the Surviving
Corporation upon demand. Any holders of Certificates who have not theretofore
complied with this Article II shall thereafter look only to the Surviving
Corporation for payment of the Merger Consideration.   (f) No Liability.
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, none of
Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent shall be liable to any
Person for any amount properly paid from the Payment Fund or delivered to a
public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or
similar Law.   (g) Investment of Payment Fund. The Paying Agent shall invest
the Payment Fund as directed by Parent. Any interest and other income
resulting from such investment shall be the property of, and shall be paid
promptly to, Parent.   SECTION 2.3 Company Stock Options.   (a) Prior to
the Effective Time, the Company shall take all actions necessary to provide
that each option outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (whether
or not then vested or exercisable) that represents the right to acquire
shares of Company Common Stock (each, an "Option") shall be cancelled and
terminated and converted at the Effective Time into the right to receive a
cash amount equal to the Option Consideration (as hereinafter defined) for
each share of Company Common Stock then subject to the Option. Except
as otherwise provided below, the Option Consideration shall be paid as soon
after the Closing Date as shall be practicable. Prior to the Effective Time,
the Company shall make any amendments to the terms of the Company Stock Plans
and use its best efforts to obtain any consents from holders of Options that,
in each case, are necessary to give effect to the transactions contemplated
by this Section 2.3 and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary, payment
may be withheld in respect of any Option until any necessary consents are
obtained. Without limiting the foregoing, the Company shall take all actions
necessary to ensure that the Company will not at the Effective Time be bound
by any options, SARs, warrants or other rights or agreements which would
entitle any Person, other than Parent and its subsidiaries, to own any
capital stock of the Surviving Corporation or to receive any payment in
respect thereof (other than pursuant to this Section 2.3). Prior to the
Effective Time, the Company shall take all actions necessary to terminate all
its Company Stock Plans, such termination to be effective at or before the
Effective Time. For purposes of this Agreement, "Option Consideration" means,
with respect to any share of Company   5       Common Stock issuable
under a particular Option, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (i) the
Merger Consideration per share of Company Common Stock over (ii) the exercise
price payable in respect of such share of Company Common Stock issuable under
such Option.   (b) The Company shall take such steps as may be reasonably
requested by any party hereto to cause dispositions of Company equity
securities (including derivative securities) pursuant to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement by each individual who is a director or
officer of the Company to be exempt under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the
Exchange Act in accordance with that certain No-Action Letter dated January
12, 1999 issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC")
regarding such matters.   SECTION 2.4 Withholding Taxes. Parent, the
Surviving Corporation and the Paying Agent shall be entitled to deduct and
withhold from the consideration otherwise payable to a holder of shares of
Company Common Stock or Options pursuant to this Agreement such amounts as
may be required to be deducted or withheld with respect to the making of such
payment under the Code, or under any provision of state, local or foreign Tax
Law. To the extent that amounts are so deducted and withheld, such amounts
shall be treated for all purposes under this Agreement as having been paid to
the Person in respect of which such deduction and withholding was made.  
SECTION 2.5 Adjustments. If during the period between the date of
this Agreement and the Effective Time, any change in the outstanding shares
of Company Common Stock, or securities convertible or exchangeable into
or exercisable for shares of Company Common Stock, shall occur by reason of
any reclassification, recapitalization, stock split or combination, exchange
or readjustment of shares of Company Common Stock, or any similar
transaction, or any stock dividend thereon with a record date during such
period, the Merger Consideration shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect
such change.   ARTICLE III   Representations and Warranties of the
Company   Except as set forth in the disclosure schedule (each section of
which qualifies the correspondingly numbered representation and warranty to
the extent expressly specified therein and such other representations and
warranties to the extent a matter in such section of the disclosure schedule
is disclosed in such a way as to make its relevance to the information called
for by such other representation and warranty readily apparent) delivered by
the Company to Parent simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement
(the "Company Disclosure Schedule"), the Company represents and warrants to
Parent and Merger Sub that:   6        SECTION 3.1 Organization,
Standing and Corporate Power.   (a) Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries
is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and, to the extent
applicable in such jurisdiction, in good standing under the Laws of the
jurisdiction in which it is incorporated and has all requisite corporate
power and authority necessary to own or lease all of its properties and
assets and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted and as
currently proposed by its management to be conducted. Each of the Company and
its Subsidiaries is duly licensed or qualified to do business and is in good
standing in each U.S. state and, to the extent applicable in
such jurisdiction, each other jurisdiction in which the nature of the
business conducted by it or the character or location of the properties and
assets owned or leased by it makes such licensing or qualification necessary,
except where the failure to be so licensed, qualified or in good standing,
individually or in the aggregate, has not had and would not reasonably be
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. For purposes of this
Agreement, the term "Company Material Adverse Effect" shall mean any change,
event, occurrence or state of facts which has had, or would reasonably be
expected to have, a material adverse effect on (i) the business, assets,
results of operations or financial condition of the Company and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole; provided, however, that none of the following
shall be deemed either alone or in combination to constitute, and none of the
following shall be taken into account in determining whether there has been
or will be a Company Material Adverse Effect: (1) any effect, change, event,
occurrence or state of facts relating to the U.S. or the global economy in
general and not specifically relating to (and to the extent not
disproportionately affecting) the Company; (2) any effect, change, event,
occurrence or state of facts resulting from any reduction in the U.S. federal
budget for Homeland Security programs and not specifically relating to (and
to the extent not disproportionately affecting) the Company, (3) any effect,
change, event, occurrence or state of facts that arises out of or results
from the announcement or pendency of this Agreement or any of
the Transactions; and (4) any effect, change, event, occurrence or state of
facts resulting from (x) any action taken by the Company or its Subsidiaries
with Parent\'s express written consent or (y) the disposition of the Company
NDT Business in accordance with this Agreement or (ii) the Company\'s ability
to perform its obligations under this Agreement or consummate the
Transactions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this
Agreement, for purposes of determining whether the conditions set forth in
Sections 6.2(a) and 6.2(d) have been satisfied and whether Parent may
terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1(c)(i), a "Company Material
Adverse Effect" shall be deemed to have occurred if (and only if) the
applicable change, event, occurrence or state of facts (or aggregation of
changes, events, occurrences or state of facts) has resulted in or would
reasonably be expected to result in liability to Parent or its Subsidiaries
(including, for purposes hereof, the Company (or its Subsidiaries)) or
diminution in the value of the Company (including its Subsidiaries) (however
arising, including as a result of a diminution of the current or future
revenues, earnings or net asset value of the Company (including its
Subsidiaries)) of $90,000,000 or more in the aggregate.   (b) Exhibit 21.1
of the Company\'s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003 lists all
Subsidiaries of the Company together with the jurisdiction of  
7      organization of each such Subsidiary. All the outstanding shares
of capital stock of, or other equity interests in, each such Subsidiary have
been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable
and are owned directly or indirectly by the Company free and clear of all
liens, pledges, charges, mortgages, encumbrances, adverse rights or claims
and security interests of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any
restriction on the right to vote or transfer the same, except for such
transfer restrictions of general applicability as may be provided under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder (the "Securities Act"), and the "blue sky" laws of the various
States of the United States) (collectively, "Liens"). Except as set forth in
Exhibit 21.1 of the Company\'s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003
or in Section 3.1(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company does not
own, directly or indirectly, any capital stock, voting securities or equity
interests in any Person.   (c) The Company has delivered or made available
to Parent complete and correct copies of its certificate of incorporation and
by-laws (the "Company Charter Documents") and complete and correct copies of
the certificates of incorporation and by-laws (or comparable organizational
documents) of each of its Subsidiaries (the "Subsidiary Documents"), in each
case as amended to the date of this Agreement. All such Company Charter
Documents and Subsidiary Documents are in full force and effect and neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of any of their
respective provisions. The Company has made available to Parent and its
representatives correct and complete copies of the minutes (or, in the case
of minutes that have not yet been finalized, drafts thereof) of all meetings
of stockholders, the Board of Directors and each committee of the Board of
Directors of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries held since January 1,
2001 through the date of this Agreement.   SECTION 3.2 Capitalization.  
(a) The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 60,000,000 shares
of Company Common Stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value
$0.001 per share ("Company Preferred Stock"). At the close of business
on March 5, 2004 (except with respect to the information in clause (ii)
below, which is as of the close of business on March 11, 2004), (i)
17,995,656 shares of Company Common Stock were issued and outstanding (of
which 687,153 shares of Company Common Stock were held by the Company in its
treasury), (ii) 4,557,462 shares of Company Common Stock were reserved for
issuance under the Company Stock Plans (of which 4,210,931 shares of Company
Common Stock were subject to outstanding Options granted under the Company
Stock Plans), (iii) no shares of Company Preferred Stock were issued or
outstanding and (iv) 3,906,250 shares of Company Common Stock were reserved
for issuance upon conversion of the Company\'s 3% Convertible Senior Notes
due 2023 ("Convertible Notes") issued pursuant to an Indenture, dated as of
September 19, 2003, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association
(the "Indenture") (a complete and correct copy of which has been delivered or
made available to Parent). All outstanding shares of Company Common Stock
have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully
paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights. Included in Section 3.2(a)
of the Company Disclosure Schedule is a correct and complete list, as of  
8      March 11, 2004, of all outstanding options or other rights to
purchase or receive shares of Company Common Stock granted under the Company
Stock Plans or otherwise, and, for each such option or other right, (1) the
number of shares of Company Common Stock subject thereto, (2) the date of
grant, (3) the expiration date, (4) exercise price thereof, (5) the name of
the holder thereof and (6) the number of options that are vested. The
weighted average exercise price as of February 10, 2004 of the then
outstanding Options granted under the Company Stock Plans was not less than
$22.50. Between March 5, 2004 and the date of this Agreement, the Company has
not issued any shares of its capital stock, voting securities or equity
interests, or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable
for any shares of its capital stock, voting securities or equity interests,
other than pursuant to the outstanding options referred to above in this
Section 3.2(a). Except (A) as set forth above in this Section 3.2(a) or (B)
as otherwise expressly permitted by Section 5.2 hereof, as of the date of
this Agreement there are not, and as of the Effective Time there will not be,
any shares of capital stock, voting securities or equity interests of the
Company issued and outstanding or any subscriptions, options,
warrants, calls, convertible or exchangeable securities, rights, commitments
or agreements of any character providing for the issuance of any shares of
capital stock, voting securities or equity interests of the Company,
including any representing the right to purchase or otherwise receive any
Company Common Stock.   (b) Except as set forth in Section 3.2(b) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is bound by any outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls,
convertible or exchangeable securities, rights, commitments or agreements of
any character providing for the issuance or disposition of any shares of
capital stock, voting securities or equity interests of any Subsidiary of the
Company. There are no outstanding obligations of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of capital
stock, voting securities or equity interests (or any options, warrants or
other rights to acquire any shares of capital stock, voting securities or
equity interests) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.   (c) Section
3.2(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and correct
list of the following information, as of the date of this Agreement, with
respect to the Convertible Notes: (i) the aggregate principal amount thereof,
(ii) the aggregate amount of accrued and unpaid interest thereon and (iii)
the conversion price thereof as of the date hereof.   SECTION 3.3 Authority;
Noncontravention; Voting Requirements.    (a) The Company has all necessary
corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and,
subject to obtaining the Company Stockholder Approval, to perform its
obligations hereunder and to consummate the Transactions. The execution,
delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, and the
consummation by it of the Transactions, have been duly authorized and
approved by its Board of Directors, and except for obtaining the Company
Stockholder Approval for the adoption of this Agreement, no other corporate
action on the part of the Company is necessary to authorize the execution,
delivery and performance by the Company of this   9      Agreement and
the consummation by it of the Transactions. This Agreement has been duly
executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming due
authorization, execution and delivery hereof by the other parties hereto,
constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable
against the Company in accordance with its terms, except that such
enforceability (i) may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent
transfer, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws of general
application affecting or relating to the enforcement of creditors\' rights
generally and (ii) is subject to general principles of equity, whether
considered in a proceeding at law or in equity (collectively, the "Bankruptcy
and Equity Exception").   (b) The Company\'s Board of Directors, at a
meeting duly called and held, has by unanimous vote of all directors present
(i) approved and declared advisable this Agreement and the Transactions,
including the Merger, and (ii) resolved to recommend that stockholders of the
Company adopt this Agreement (the "Company Board Recommendation").   (c)
Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company nor the
consummation by the Company of the Transactions, nor compliance by
the Company with any of the terms or provisions hereof, will (i) conflict
with or violate any provision of the Company Charter Documents or any of the
Subsidiary Documents or (ii) assuming that the authorizations, consents and
approvals referred to in Section 3.4 and the Company Stockholder Approval are
obtained and the filings referred to in Section 3.4 are made, (x) violate any
Law, judgment, writ or injunction of any Governmental Authority applicable to
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties
or assets, or (y) materially violate or conflict with, result in the loss of
any material benefit under, constitute a material default (or an event which,
with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a material default)
under, result in the termination of or a right of termination or cancellation
under, accelerate the performance required by, or result in the creation of
any Lien upon any of the respective properties, Intellectual Property Rights
or other assets of, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under, any of the
terms, conditions or provisions of any loan or credit agreement, debenture,
note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, license, lease, contract or
other agreement, instrument or obligation (each, a "Contract") that is listed
in Section 3.13(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule or that is otherwise
material to the business of the Company or its Subsidiaries or any
Permit.   (d) The affirmative vote (in person or by proxy) of the holders of
a majority of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock at the
Company Stockholders Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof in
favor of the adoption of this Agreement (the "Company Stockholder Approval")
is the only vote or approval of the holders of any class or series of capital
stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which is necessary to adopt
this Agreement and approve the Transactions.   SECTION 3.4 Governmental
Approvals. Except for (i) the filing with the SEC of a proxy statement
relating to the Company Stockholders Meeting (as amended or supplemented from
time to time, the "Proxy Statement"), and other filings required under, and
compliance with other applicable requirements of, the Securities  
10       Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder (the "Exchange Act"), and the rules of The
Nasdaq Stock Market, (ii) the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware pursuant to the DGCL, (iii)
filings required under, and compliance with other applicable requirements of,
the HSR Act, (iv) filings required under, and compliance with other
applicable requirements of, non-U.S. Laws intended to prohibit, restrict or
regulate actions or transactions having the purpose or effect of
monopolization, restraint of trade or harm to competition (collectively,
"Foreign Antitrust Laws"), and (v) filings with the U.S. Department of State
required under Section 122.4 of the International Traffic in Arms
Regulations, no consents or approvals of, or filings, declarations
or registrations with, any Governmental Authority are necessary for the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation
by the Company of the Transactions, other than such other consents,
approvals, filings, declarations or registrations that, if not obtained, made
or given, would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
to have a material adverse effect on the Company\'s ability to, in a timely
manner, perform its obligations under this Agreement or consummate the
Transactions.   SECTION 3.5 Company SEC Documents; Undisclosed
Liabilities.   (a) The Company has filed and furnished all required
reports, schedules, forms, prospectuses, and registration, proxy and other
statements required to be filed or furnished by it with or to the SEC since
January 1, 2001 (collectively, together with the Company\'s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003 (the "2003 Form 10-K ") in the
form included in Section 3.5(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, and in
each case including all exhibits and schedules thereto and documents
incorporated by reference therein, the "Company SEC Documents")). None of the
Company\'s Subsidiaries is required to file periodic reports with the SEC
pursuant to the Exchange Act. As of their respective effective date (in the
case of Company SEC Documents that are registration statements filed pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act) and as of their respective SEC
filing dates and the date of each amendment thereto filed with the SEC (in
the case of all other Company SEC Documents), the Company SEC Documents
complied (or, in the case of the 2003 Form 10-K, will comply) in all material
respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the Securities Act, as
the case may be, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated
thereunder, each as in effect on the applicable date referred to above,
applicable to such Company SEC Documents, and none of the Company
SEC Documents as of such respective dates contained (and, in the case of the
2003 Form 10-K, will not contain) any untrue statement of a material fact or
omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were (or, in the case of the 2003 Form 10-K, will be) made, not
misleading. No investigation by the SEC with respect to the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries is pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened.
The 2003 Form 10-K will be filed with the SEC on the date hereof in the form
included in Section 3.5(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule.   (b) The
consolidated financial statements of the Company included in the Company SEC
Documents comply as to form in all material respects with applicable  
11      accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations
of the SEC with respect thereto, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP
(except, in the case of unaudited quarterly statements, as indicated in the
notes thereto) applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved
(except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and fairly present in all
material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its
consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated
results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended
(subject, in the case of unaudited quarterly statements, to normal year-end
audit adjustments, none of which has been or will be, individually or in the
aggregate, material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole).
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, with respect to each Annual
Report on Form 10-K and each Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q included in the
Company SEC Documents, the financial statements and other financial
information included in such reports fairly present (within the meaning of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) in all material respects the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company as of, and for, the
periods presented in such Company SEC Documents.   (c) The Company has
established and maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is
defined in Rule 13a-15 and Rule 15d-15 under the Exchange Act); such
disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that material
information relating to the Company, including its consolidated Subsidiaries,
required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or
submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to
the Company\'s principal executive officer and its principal financial
officer to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure; and, except
as may be disclosed in reports filed by the Company with the SEC after the
date of this Agreement in accordance with applicable SEC requirements with
respect to disclosure controls and procedures maintained by the Company after
the date hereof (it being understood that any such disclosure in such reports
shall not have the effect of modifying the representation set forth in this
sentence, to the extent this representation relates to the period prior to
the date hereof), such disclosure controls and procedures are effective to
ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the
reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC
rules and forms. The Company\'s principal executive officer and its principal
financial officer have disclosed, based on their most recent evaluation, to
the Company\'s auditors and the audit committee of the Board of Directors of
the Company (x) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal controls which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the Company\'s ability to record, process, summarize and
report financial data and have identified for the Company\'s auditors any
material weaknesses in internal controls and (y) any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the Company\'s internal controls. The Company has provided to Parent
a correct and complete summary of any such disclosure made by management of
the Company to the Company\'s auditors and audit committee since January
1, 2002. With respect to each Annual Report on Form 10-K, each Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q and each amendment of any such report included in the
Company SEC Documents filed since January 1, 2001, the principal executive
officer and the principal financial officer of Company have made (or, in the
case of the 2003 Form 10-K, will make at the time of filing thereof) all
certifications required by the Sarbanes-   12       Oxley Act of
2002 and any related rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC, and the
statements contained in such certifications are complete and correct.   (d)
The Company is in compliance in all material respects with the provisions of
Section 13(b) of the Exchange Act. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any director,
officer, agent, employee or other Person acting on behalf of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries, has (i) used any corporate or other funds for
unlawful contributions, payments, gifts or entertainment, or made any
unlawful expenditures relating to political activity to government officials
or others or established or maintained any unlawful or unrecorded funds in
violation of Section 30A of the Exchange Act or (ii) accepted or received any
unlawful contributions, payments, gifts or expenditures. Except as set forth
in the Filed Company SEC Documents or for events (or series of related
matters) as to which the amounts involved do not exceed $60,000, between the
Company\'s proxy statement dated May 9, 2003 and the date of this Agreement,
no event has occurred that would be required to be reported pursuant to Item
404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC.   (e) Since July 30, 2002,
(x) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Knowledge of
the Company, any director, officer, employee, auditor, accountant or
representative of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received or
otherwise had or obtained knowledge of any material complaint, allegation,
assertion or claim, whether written or oral, regarding the accounting or
auditing practices, procedures, methodologies or methods of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries or their respective internal accounting controls,
including any material complaint, allegation, assertion or claim that the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries has engaged in questionable accounting
or auditing practices, and (y) no attorney representing the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, whether or not employed by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, has reported evidence of a material violation of securities
Laws, breach of fiduciary duty or similar violation by the Company or any of
its officers, directors, employees or agents to the Board of Directors of the
Company or any committee thereof or to any director or officer of the
Company.   (f) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any
liabilities or obligations of any nature (whether accrued, absolute,
contingent or otherwise) whether or not required, if known, to be reflected
or reserved against on a consolidated balance sheet of the Company prepared
in accordance with GAAP or the notes thereto, except liabilities (i) as and
to the extent set forth on the audited balance sheet of the Company and its
Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2003 (the "Balance Sheet Date") (including
the notes thereto) included in the 2003 Form 10-K, (ii) incurred after the
Balance Sheet Date in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice that, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not
reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect or (iii)
incurred after the date hereof in accordance with Section 5.2.   SECTION
3.6 Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Since the Balance Sheet Date, there
have not been any events, changes, occurrences or state of facts that,
individually or in the aggregate, have had or would reasonably be expected
to   13      have a Company Material Adverse Effect. Except as
disclosed in the Filed Company SEC Documents, between the Balance Sheet Date
and the date of this Agreement (a) the Company and its Subsidiaries have
carried on and operated their respective businesses in all material respects
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (b)
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken any action
described in Section 5.2 hereof that if taken after the date hereof and prior
to the Effective Time without the prior written consent of Parent would
violate such provision. Without limiting the foregoing, since the Balance
Sheet Date there has not occurred any damage, destruction or loss (whether or
not covered by insurance) of any material asset of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries which materially affects the use thereof.   SECTION 3.7 Legal
Proceedings. There is no pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
threatened, material legal, administrative, arbitral or other proceeding,
claim, suit or action against, or, to the Knowledge of the
Company, governmental or regulatory investigation of, the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, nor is there any injunction, order, judgment, ruling or
decree imposed (or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened to be
imposed) upon the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or the assets of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries (including their respective Intellectual
Property Rights) by or before any Governmental Authority, including, in each
case, in connection with an alleged violation of applicable Laws relating to
(i) the export of goods and services to any foreign jurisdiction against
which the United States or the United Nations maintains sanctions or export
controls, including applicable regulations of the US Department of Commerce
and the US Department of State ("Export Control Requirements"), or (ii)
improper payments, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.   SECTION
3.8 Compliance With Laws; Permits.   (a) The Company and its Subsidiaries
are (and since January 1, 2002 have been) in compliance in all material
respects with all laws (including common law), statutes, ordinances, codes,
rules, regulations, decrees and orders of Governmental Authorities
(collectively, "Laws") applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
any of their properties or other assets or any of their businesses or
operations (including those Laws related to Export Control Requirements and
improper payments). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except
as set forth in Section 3.8(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, none of
the Company, its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates is a
party to any Contract or bid with, or has conducted business with (directly
or, to the Knowledge of the Company, indirectly), a third party located in
Cuba, Myanmar (Burma), Iran, Iraq, North Korea, Libya or Sudan. Since January
1, 2002, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has made or has been
ordered to make any payment in respect of any Governmental Damages.
Since January 1, 2002, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has
received written notice to the effect that a Governmental Authority claimed
or alleged that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries was not in compliance
in a material respect with any Law applicable to the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, any of their material properties or other assets or any of
their businesses or operations (including those Laws related to Export
Control Requirements and improper payments).   14        (b) The
Company and each of its Subsidiaries hold all material licenses, franchises,
permits, certificates, approvals and authorizations from Governmental
Authorities, or required by Governmental Authorities to be obtained, in each
case necessary for the conduct of their respective businesses, including the
manufacture and sale of their respective products (collectively, "Permits").
The Company and its Subsidiaries are (and since January 1, 2002 have been) in
compliance in all material respects with the terms of all Permits. Since
January 1, 2002, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received
written notice to the effect that a Governmental Authority was considering
the amendment, termination, revocation or cancellation of any Permit. The
consummation of the Merger, in and of itself, will not cause the revocation
or cancellation of any Permit that is material to the Company and
its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.   SECTION 3.9 Information in Proxy
Statement. The Proxy Statement and any other document filed with the SEC by
the Company in connection with the Merger (taking into account any amendment
thereof or supplement thereto), at the date first mailed to the stockholders
of the Company, at the time of the Company Stockholders Meeting and at the
time filed with the SEC, as the case may be, will not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading;
provided, however, that no representation is made by the Company with respect
to statements made therein based on information supplied in writing by Parent
or Merger Sub specifically for inclusion in such documents. The
Proxy Statement and such other documents filed with the SEC by the Company
will comply in all material respects with the provisions of the Exchange
Act.   SECTION 3.10 Tax Matters.   (a) Each of the Company and its
Subsidiaries has timely filed, or has caused to be timely filed on its behalf
(taking into account an extension of time within which to file), all Tax
Returns required to be filed by it (including all Section 338 elections
relating to the Company\'s acquisition of Yxlon International Holding GmbH
and its Subsidiaries), and all such Tax Returns and elections are correct and
complete in all material respects. All Taxes shown to be due on such Tax
Returns have been timely paid.   (b) The most recent financial statements
contained in the Company SEC Documents reflect an adequate reserve for all
Taxes payable by the Company and its Subsidiaries for all taxable periods and
portion thereof through the date of such financial statements. No deficiency
with respect to Taxes has been proposed, asserted or assessed against the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries.   (c) The Federal income Tax Returns of
the Company and each of its U.S. Subsidiaries have been examined by and
settled with the IRS (or the applicable statute of limitations has expired)
for all years through September 1996. All assessments for Taxes due with
respect to such completed and settled examinations or any concluded
litigation have been fully paid.   15       (d) Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries has constituted either a "distributing
corporation" or a "controlled corporation" (within the meaning of Section
355(a)(1)(A) of the Code) in a distribution of stock qualifying for tax-free
treatment under Section 355 of the Code since the effective date of Section
355(e) of the Code.   (e) No audit or other administrative or court
proceedings are pending with any Governmental Authority with respect to Taxes
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and no written notice thereof has
been received and is outstanding.   (f) Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is a party to any contract, agreement, plan or other arrangement
that, individually or collectively, would give rise to the payment of any
amount which would not be deductible by reason of Section 162(m) or Section
280G of the Code or would give rise to an excise Tax pursuant to Section 4999
of the Code.   (g) The Company has made available to Parent complete and
correct copies of (i) all income and franchise Tax Returns of the Company and
its Subsidiaries for the preceding three taxable years and (ii) any audit
report issued within the last three years (or otherwise with respect to any
audit or proceeding in progress) relating to income and franchise Taxes of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.   (h) The Company is not a "United
States real property holding corporation" within the meaning of Section 897
of the Code during the 5-year period ending on the Closing Date.   (i) For
purposes of this Agreement: (i) "Taxes" shall mean (a) all federal, state,
local or foreign taxes, charges, fees, imposts, levies or other assessments,
including all net income, gross receipts, capital, sales, use, ad valorem,
value added, transfer, franchise, profits, inventory, capital stock, license,
withholding, payroll, employment, social security, unemployment, excise,
severance, stamp, occupation, property and estimated taxes, customs duties,
fees, assessments and charges of any kind whatsoever, (b) all
interest, penalties, fines, additions to tax or additional amounts imposed by
any Taxing Authority in connection with any item described in clause (a), and
(c) any transferee liability in respect of any items described in clauses (a)
and/or (b) payable by reason of contract, assumption, transferee liability,
operation of Law, Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6(a) (or any predecessor
or successor thereof of any analogous or similar provision under Law) or
otherwise, and (ii) "Tax Returns" shall mean any return, report, claim for
refund, estimate, information return or statement, tax election or other
similar document relating to or required to be filed with any Governmental
Authority with respect to Taxes, including any schedule or attachment
thereto, and including any amendment thereof.   SECTION 3.11 Employee
Benefits and Labor Matters.   (a) Section 3.11(a) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule sets forth a complete and correct list, separately with respect to
each country in which the Company   16       or any of its
Subsidiaries has employees, of the following matters as of the date of this
Agreement: (i) all "employee benefit plans" (as defined in Section 3(3) of
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"),
and without regard to whether ERISA applies thereto), and (ii) all other
employee benefit plans, agreements, policies or arrangements or
payroll practices, including employment, consulting or other compensation
agreements, collective bargaining agreements, and all plans, agreements,
policies or arrangements providing for bonus or other incentive compensation,
equity or equity-based compensation, retirement, deferred compensation,
change in control rights or benefits, termination or severance benefits,
stock purchase, sick leave, vacation pay, salary continuation,
hospitalization, medical insurance, life insurance, fringe benefits or other
compensation, or educational assistance, in each case pursuant to which the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries has any obligation or liability
(contingent or otherwise) thereunder for current or former directors or
employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (the "Employees"); but
excluding all plans, agreements, policies, arrangements or practices
providing for "at will" employment which can be terminated without liability
in excess of $200,000 in the aggregate or $50,000 for any single such plan,
agreement, policy, arrangement or practice (collectively, including the
Company Stock Plans, the "Company Plans"). Section 3.11(a) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule separately sets forth as of the date of this Agreement
each Company Plan which is a "multiemployer plan", as defined in Section
3(37) of ERISA (a "Multiemployer Plan"), or is or has been subject
to Sections 4063 or 4064 of ERISA.   (b) True, current and complete copies
of the following documents, with respect to each of the Company Plans (other
than a Multiemployer Plan), have been delivered or made available to Parent
by the Company, to the extent applicable: (i) any plans, all amendments
thereto and related trust documents, insurance contracts or other funding
arrangements, and amendments thereto; (ii) the most recent Forms 5500 and all
schedules thereto and the most recent actuarial report, if any; (iii) the
most recent IRS determination letter; (iv) summary plan descriptions, or if
there is none for a particular Company Plan, the primary written explanation
to employees of that plan; and (v) written descriptions of all non-written
agreements relating to the Company Plans.   (c) Except as disclosed in
Section 3.11(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, since January 1, 2001,
the Company Plans have been maintained, in all material respects, in
accordance with their terms and with all applicable provisions of ERISA, the
Code and other applicable Laws, and neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries nor any "party in interest" or "disqualified person" with
respect to the Company Plans has engaged in a non-exempt
"prohibited transaction" within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code or
Section 406 of ERISA or in a violation of any other applicable Laws
comparable to such provisions of the Code or ERISA. No fiduciary has any
liability for breach of fiduciary duty or any other failure to act or comply
in connection with the administration or investment of the assets of any
Company Plan.   (d) Each Company Plan that is intended to meet the
requirements for country specific tax-favored treatment under Subchapter B of
Chapter 1 of Subtitle A of the Code (in the case of tax-favored treatment for
U.S. federal income tax purposes)   17       or other applicable
Laws (other than the Laws of the United States or jurisdictions located
within the United States and its territories) meets such requirements,
including (i) any Company Plans intended to qualify under Section 401 of the
Code are so qualified and (ii) any trusts intended to be exempt from federal
income taxation under Section 501 of the Code are so exempt. Except
as disclosed in Section 3.11(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, nothing
has occurred with respect to the operation of the Company Plans that
would reasonably be expected to cause the loss of such tax favored
treatment, qualification or exemption, or the imposition of any liability,
penalty or tax under ERISA, the Code or other applicable Law.   (e) Neither
the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any other Persons who are treated as
a single employer together with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
pursuant to Section 414(b), (c), (m) (o) of ERISA ("ERISA Affiliates") has
any unsatisfied liability with respect to any complete or partial withdrawal
from any Multiemployer Plan, or the termination or reorganization of any
Multiemployer Plan. Parent will not have by reason of the consummation of the
Transactions any additional obligation or liability (contingent or otherwise)
(i) with respect to any Multiemployer Plan, or (ii) any collective bargaining
agreement (or any memorandum of understanding or other modification of any
collective bargaining agreement).   (f) With respect to each Company Post-
Employment Benefit Plan (as defined below), the Company has provided or made
available to Parent separately as to each such plan as of December 31, 2003:
(i) a statement of the liabilities under such plan (as determined using
actuarial assumptions consistent with U.S. GAAP (regardless of whether U.S.
GAAP applies), (ii) a list of all assets of such plan, (iii) the amount of
any book reserves or other amounts set aside for payment of liabilities
arising under such plan, and (iv) the amount or a description of any
undisclosed liabilities arising under such plan. A "Company Post-Employment
Benefit Plan" is any Company Plan providing for post-employment benefits
other than (v) a governmental plan (within the United States) to
which contributions are mandatory, such as Social Security or Medicare, (w) a
defined contribution plan within the meaning of Section 414(i) of the Code,
(x) a plan the liability for which is contingent on an event (such as death
or disability) occurring while the employee is still an employee and the
benefit is provided pursuant to one or more insurance policies or annuity
contracts for which the premiums have been paid currently, (y) a plan for
which the sole post-employment benefit is required under COBRA or similar
laws of any state within the United States or (z) where all liabilities under
such plan are fully provided for or otherwise fully satisfied by one or more
fully paid up insurance policies or annuity contracts with a person
unaffiliated with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.   Except as
disclosed in Section 3.11(f) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, each Company
Post-Employment Benefit Plan primarily covering current or former employees
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is funded through assets held in a
trust or similar funding vehicle, insurance, annuity contracts or similar
agreements, or amounts reserved on the financial statements of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries such that the liabilities arising under such plan (as
calculated using actuarial assumptions and methods consistent with U.S. GAAP
regardless of whether U.S. GAAP applies) are   18       fully
satisfied or provided for. Each Company Plan complies in all
material respects with all applicable Laws and to the extent such plan is
intended or required to register with any Governmental Authority such plan is
and has been properly registered.   (g) Except as disclosed in Section
3.11(g) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, all contributions (including all
employer contributions and employee salary reduction contributions) required
to have been made under any of the Company Plans (including workers
compensation) or by law (without regard to any waivers granted under Section
412 of the Code) to any funds or trusts established thereunder or in
connection therewith have been made by the due date thereof (including any
valid extension). As of the date of the most recent consolidated balance
sheet of the Company included in the Company SEC Documents for the period
ending as of the Closing Date and for the three preceding years, all
contributions that are not yet due will have been paid or sufficient accruals
for such contributions and other payments in accordance with GAAP are duly
and fully provided for on such balance sheets. No accumulated
funding deficiencies exist in any of the Company Plans or Title IV Plans
subject to Section 412 of the Code.   (h) There is no "amount of unfunded
benefit liabilities" as defined in Section 4001(a)(18) of ERISA in any of the
Company Plans subject to Title IV of ERISA, as determined in accordance with
the actuarial assumptions used by the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation
("PBGC") to determine the level of funding required in the event of the
termination of such Company Plan.   (i) Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries or ERISA Affiliates has terminated any Title IV Plan, or
incurred any outstanding liability under Section 4062 of ERISA to the PBGC or
to a trustee appointed under Section 4042 of ERISA. All premiums due the PBGC
with respect to the Title IV Plans have been timely paid.   (j) Except as
otherwise disclosed in Section 3.11(j) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no
liability under any Company Plan is funded, nor has any such obligation been
satisfied, with the purchase of a contract from an insurance company that is
not rated AA (or better) by Standard and Poor\'s Corporation or the equivalent
by a nationally recognized rating agency.   (k) Neither the Company nor any
of its Subsidiaries or ERISA Affiliates, or any organization to which the
Company is a successor or parent corporation within the meaning of Section
4069(b) of ERISA, has engaged in any transaction within the meaning of
Section 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA as to which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries has any obligation or liability, contingent or otherwise.  
(l) There are no pending actions, claims or lawsuits which have been asserted
or instituted against the Company Plans, the assets of any of the trusts
under such plans or the sponsor or administrator of any of the Company Plans,
or against any fiduciary of the Company Plans (other than routine
benefit claims), nor does the   19      Company have any Knowledge of
facts that would reasonably be expected to form the basis for any such claim
or lawsuit.   (m) All amendments and actions required to bring the Company
Plans into conformity in all material respects with all of the applicable
provisions of the Code, ERISA and other applicable laws have been made or
taken, except to the extent that such amendments or actions are not required
by law to be made or taken until a date after the Closing Date.   (n) None
of the Company Plans provide for post-employment life or health insurance, or
other welfare benefits coverage for any participant or any beneficiary of a
participant, except as may be required under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget
Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended ("COBRA") or similar laws of any state
within the United States, and at the expense of the participant or the
participant\'s beneficiary. Each of the Company and any ERISA Affiliate
which maintains a "group health plan" within the meaning Section 5000(b)(1)
of the Code has complied with the notice and continuation requirements of
Section 4980B of the Code, COBRA, Part 6 of Subtitle B of Title I of
ERISA.   (o) Except (i) as set forth in Section 3.11(o) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule or (ii) as set forth in Sections 2.1 and 2.3,
neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor the consummation of
the Transactions will (i) result in any payment becoming due to any Employee,
(ii) increase any benefits otherwise payable under any Company Plan or (iii)
result in the acceleration of the time of payment or vesting of any such
benefits under any such plan.   (p) Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries has a contract, plan or legally binding commitment to create any
additional Company Plan or to modify any existing Company Plan. Neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has announced in writing an intention to
create any additional Company Plan or to modify any existing Company
Plan.   (q) No stock or other security issued by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries forms or has formed a material part of the assets of any
Company Plan. For purposes of this Section 3.11(q), a Company Stock Plan
shall not be deemed to be a Company Plan.   (r) Any individual who performs
services for the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and who is not treated as
an employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for federal income tax
purposes is not an employee for such purposes.   (s) Except as disclosed in
Section 3.11(s) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, (i) none of the Employees
is represented in his or her capacity as an employee of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries by any labor organization or works council or similar
representative ("labor organization") and (ii) neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries has recognized any labor organization, nor has any labor
organization been elected as the collective bargaining agent of any
Employees, nor has the Company or any   20      of its Subsidiaries
entered into any collective bargaining agreement or union contract
recognizing any labor organization as the bargaining agent of any Employees.
To the extent that any consultation or other obligations with respect to any
labor organizations arise as a result of or are required to effect
the Transactions, either under Law or Contract, the Company will fully
satisfy all such obligations prior to Closing. There is no union organization
activity involving any of the Employees, pending or, to the Knowledge of the
Company, threatened, nor has there ever been union representation involving
any of the Employees. There is no picketing pending or, to the Knowledge of
the Company, threatened, and there are no strikes, slowdowns, work stoppages,
other job actions, lockouts, arbitrations or other similar labor disputes
involving any of the Employees pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
threatened. There are no complaints, charges or claims against the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
threatened that would reasonably be expected to be brought or filed with any
Governmental Authority or arbitrator based on, arising out of, in connection
with, or otherwise relating to the employment or termination of employment or
failure to employ by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, of any
individual. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all Laws
relating to the employment of labor, including all such Laws relating to
wages, hours, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act and any
similar state or local "mass layoff" or "plant closing" law ("WARN"),
collective bargaining, discrimination, civil rights, safety and health,
workers\' compensation and the collection and payment of withholding and/or
social security taxes and any similar tax, except for immaterial non-
compliance. There has been no "mass layoff" or "plant closing" (as defined by
WARN) with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries since
September 1, 2003.   SECTION 3.12 Environmental Matters.   (a) Except (i)
as set forth in Section 3.12(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule and (ii)
for those matters that, individually or in the aggregate, would not
reasonably be expected to give rise to Environmental Liabilities in excess of
$1,000,000, (A) each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is, and has been, in
compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws, (B) there is no
investigation, suit, claim, action or proceeding pending or, to the Knowledge
of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or any real property owned, operated or leased by the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries relating to or arising under Environmental Laws; (C)
since January 1, 2001, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has
received any notice of or entered into or assumed by contract or operation of
Law or otherwise, any obligation, liability, order, settlement,
judgment, injunction or decree relating to or arising under Environmental
Laws, and (D) no facts, circumstances or conditions exist with respect to the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any property currently, or to the
Knowledge of the Company, formerly owned, operated or leased by the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries or any property to which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries arranged for the disposal or treatment of Hazardous Materials
that would reasonably be expected to give rise to Environmental Liabilities.
The matters set forth in Section 3.12(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.   21      (b) The
Company has made available correct and complete copies of all environmentally
related audits, studies, reports, analyses and results of investigations that
are in the Company\'s possession or in the possession of a third party that
performed such services on the Company\'s behalf and have been performed with
respect to currently or previously owned, leased or operated properties of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.   (c) The Transactions do not
require the consent of or filings with any Governmental Authority with
jurisdiction over the Company or any of its Subsidiaries on environmental
matters; and no real estate owned or leased by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is located in New Jersey or Connecticut.   (d) (i) The Company
and its Subsidiaries have obtained and currently maintain all Permits
necessary under Environmental Laws for their operations, (ii) there is no
investigation known to the Company, suit, claim, action or proceeding pending
or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any real property owned, operated or
leased by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to revoke such Permits, and
(iii) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice
from any Person to the effect that there is lacking any Permit required under
Environmental Law for the current use or operation of any property owned,
operated or leased by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.   (e) Except
to the extent the following would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to give rise to Environmental Liabilities in excess of
$1,000,000, there is not now, nor has there been in the past, on, in or under
any real property owned, leased or operated by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or to the Knowledge of the Company, any of their
respective predecessors (i) any underground storage tanks, above-ground
storage tanks, dikes or impoundments, (ii) any asbestos-containing materials,
(iii) any polychlorinated biphenyls or (iv) any radioactive substances.  
(f) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has (i) manufactured or
distributed or otherwise incorporated into any product it manufactured or
distributed, or (ii) ever acquired any company that manufactured or
distributed or otherwise incorporated into any product it manufactured
or distributed, any asbestos or asbestos-containing materials.   (g) For
purposes of this Agreement:   (i) "Environmental Laws" means all Laws
relating in any way to the  environment, preservation or reclamation of
natural resources, the  presence, management or Release of, or exposure to,
Hazardous Materials,  or to human health and safety, including the
Comprehensive Environmental  Response, Compensation and Liability Act (42
U.S.C. Section 9601 et seq.),  the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act (49
U.S.C. App. Section 1801 et  seq.), the Resource Conservation and Recovery
Act (42 U.S.C. Section 6901  et seq.), the Clean Water Act (33 U.S.C. Section
1251 et seq.), the Clean  Air Act (42 U.S.C. Section 7401 et seq.), the
Toxic    22   Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. Section 2601 et seq.),
the Federal  Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. Section 136
et seq.),  and the Occupational Safety and Health Act (29 U.S.C. Section 651
et  seq.), as each has been amended and the regulations promulgated
pursuant  thereto and all analogous state, local or foreign laws and
regulations.   (ii) "Environmental Liabilities" means, with respect to any
Person,  all liabilities, obligations, responsibilities, remedial actions,
losses,  damages, punitive damages, consequential damages, treble damages,
costs  and expenses (including all reasonable fees, disbursements and
expenses of  counsel, experts and consultants and costs of investigation
and  feasibility studies), fines, penalties, sanctions and interest incurred
as  a result of any claim or demand by any other Person or arising under
any  Environmental Law, whether known or unknown, accrued or contingent, 
whether based in contract, tort, implied or express warranty, strict 
liability, criminal or civil statute, in any case to the extent based  upon,
related to, or arising under or pursuant to any Environmental Law, 
environmental permit, order or agreement with any Governmental Authority  or
other Person under Environmental Laws.   (iii) "Hazardous Materials" means
any material, substance of waste  that is regulated, classified, or otherwise
characterized under or  pursuant to any Environmental Law as "hazardous",
"toxic", "pollutant",  "contaminant", "radioactive" or words of similar
meaning or effect,  including petroleum and its by-products, asbestos,
polychlorinated  biphenyls, radon, mold, urea formaldehyde insulation,
chlorofluorocarbons  and all other ozone-depleting substances.   (iv)
"Release" means any spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring,  emitting, emptying,
discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping,  disposing or migrating
into or through the environment or any natural or  man-made structure.  
SECTION 3.13 Contracts.   (a) Set forth in Section 3.13(a) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule is a list as of the date of this Agreement of each of the
following Contracts to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a
party and under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has any rights
or obligations (contingent or otherwise): (i) Contract that would be required
to be filed as an exhibit to a Registration Statement on Form S-1 under the
Securities Act or an Annual Report on Form 10-K under the Exchange Act if
such registration statement or report was filed by the Company with the SEC
on the date hereof, (ii) Contract that purports to limit, curtail or restrict
the ability of the Company or any of its existing or future Affiliates
(excluding natural persons) to compete in any geographic area or line of
business, (iii) partnership or joint venture agreement, (iv) Contract for the
acquisition, sale or lease of material properties or assets (by merger,
purchase or sale of stock or assets or otherwise) entered into since January
1, 2001 (other than acquisitions or leases of supplies, office equipment or
raw materials for operations in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice), (v) Contract with any (A) Governmental Authority that
involves consideration (whether or not measured in cash) in   
23   fiscal year 2003 in excess of $2,500,000 or that is reasonably likely
to involve consideration in fiscal year 2004 or fiscal year 2005 in excess
of $2,500,000 or (B) director, officer or other Affiliate of the Company,
(vi) loan or credit agreement, mortgage, indenture, note or other Contract or
instrument evidencing indebtedness for borrowed money by the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries or any Contract or instrument pursuant to which
indebtedness for borrowed money may be incurred or is guaranteed by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (vii) voting agreement, (viii) license or
royalty-bearing Contract (including all Intellectual Property Licenses, but
excluding such licenses related to Intellectual Property related to Software
embedded in or intended to be installed on products of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries which licenses are incorporated in its product sales and
service agreements in the ordinary course of business ("Embedded Licenses"),
licenses of commercial off-the-shelf Software and contract manufacturing
Contracts and equipment or component testing Contracts entered into in the
ordinary course of business), (ix) customer, client or supply Contract of the
Company or any Subsidiary of the Company that involves consideration (whether
or not measured in cash) in fiscal year 2003 in excess of $2,500,000 or that
is reasonably likely to involve consideration in fiscal year 2004 or fiscal
year 2005 in excess of $2,500,000, (x) sales representative or distribution
Contract, (xi) collective bargaining agreement, (xii) "standstill" or similar
agreement, (xiii) lease or rental Contract involving real property or
payments in excess of $100,000 per year, (xiv) Contract (other than Embedded
Licenses and contract manufacturing Contracts, equipment or component testing
Contracts, product sale and service agreements and agreements to manufacture
components, in each case entered into in the ordinary course of business)
providing for indemnification by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
against any charge of infringement of any Intellectual Property Rights, (xv)
consulting Contract that is not terminable by the Company or its Subsidiaries
on notice of 90 days or less, (xvi) to the extent material to the business or
financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole,
(A) product design or development Contract or (B) Contract granting a right
of first refusal or first negotiation, (xvii) Contract that is otherwise
material to the business of the Company or its Subsidiaries whether or not
entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
and (xviii) commitment or agreement to enter into any of the foregoing (the
Contracts and other documents required to be listed on Section 3.13(a) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, together with any and all other Contracts of
such type entered into in accordance with Section 5.2, each a "Material
Contract"). The Company has heretofore made available to Parent complete and
correct copies of each Material Contract in existence as of the date hereof,
together with any and all amendments and supplements thereto and material
"side letters" and similar documentation relating thereto.   (b) Each of the
Material Contracts is valid, binding and in full force and effect and is
enforceable in accordance with its terms by the Company and its Subsidiaries
party thereto, subject to the Bankruptcy and Equity Exception. Except as
separately identified in Section 3.13(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
no Material Contract will cease to be valid and binding and in full force and
effect as a result of the consummation of the Transactions and no approval,
consent or waiver of any Person is needed in order that any Material Contract
continue to be valid, binding and in full force and effect following the
consummation of the Transactions. Neither the Company nor    24  any of
its Subsidiaries is in default in any material respect under any
Material Contract, nor does any condition exist that, with notice or lapse of
time or both, would constitute a default in any material respect thereunder
by the Company or its Subsidiaries party thereto. To the Knowledge of the
Company, no other party to any Material Contract is in default in any
material respect thereunder, nor does any condition exist that with notice or
lapse of time or both would constitute a default in any material respect by
any such other party thereunder. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries has received any notice of termination or cancellation under any
Material Contract, received any notice of breach or default in any material
respect under any Material Contract which breach has not been cured, or
granted to any third party any rights, adverse or otherwise, that would
constitute a breach of any Material Contract.   SECTION 3.14 Government
Contracts. In connection with the business of the Company and its
Subsidiaries:   (a) With respect to each Government Contract and
Government Subcontract, since January 1, 2000 (i) each of the Company, its
Subsidiaries and their respective Affiliates have complied in all material
respects with the terms and conditions of such Government Contract or
Government Subcontract, including all clauses, provisions and requirements
incorporated expressly, by reference, or by operation of law therein; (ii)
each of the Company, its Subsidiaries and their respective Affiliates have
complied in all material respects with all applicable Laws or agreements
pertaining to such Government Contract or Government Subcontract, including,
where applicable, the Truth in Negotiations Act and the Company\'s Cost
Accounting Standards disclosure statement, if any; (iii) all representations
and certifications executed, acknowledged or set forth in or pertaining to
such Government Contract or Government Subcontract were complete and correct
as of their effective date and each of the Company, its Subsidiaries and
their respective Affiliates have complied in all material respects with all
such representations and certifications; (iv) no Governmental Authority nor
any prime contractor, subcontractor or other Person has notified the Company,
its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates, either in writing or
orally, that the Company, its Subsidiaries or any such Affiliate has breached
or violated any enactment, certification, regulation, representation, clause,
provision or requirement pertaining to such Government Contract or Government
Subcontract; (v) no termination for convenience, termination for default,
cure notice, show cause notice, or stop work order is currently in effect
pertaining to such Government Contract or Government Subcontract; (vi) to the
Knowledge of the Company, no cost incurred by the Company, its Subsidiaries
or any of their respective Affiliates pertaining to such Government Contract
or Government Subcontract has been challenged, is the subject of any audit or
investigation or has been disallowed by any Governmental Authority and (vii)
no money due to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pertaining to such
Government Contract or Government Subcontract has been withheld, reduced or
set off nor has any claim been made to withhold or set off money and, to the
Knowledge of the Company, the Company and its Subsidiaries are entitled to
all progress payments received with respect thereto.   (b) None of the
Company, its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates nor, to the
Knowledge of the Company, any of their respective directors,   
25  officers, employees, consultants or agents is, or since January 1, 2000
has been, under administrative, civil or criminal investigation, indictment
or information by any Governmental Authority or any audit or investigation by
the Company, its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates with
respect to any alleged act or omission arising under or relating to any
Government Contract or Government Subcontract and since January 1, 2000, none
of the Company, its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates has
conducted or initiated any internal investigation or made a voluntary
disclosure to any Governmental Authority with respect to any alleged act or
omission arising under or relating to a Government Contract or Government
Subcontract.   (c) There are (i) no outstanding claims against the Company,
its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates, either by any
Governmental Authority or by any prime contractor, subcontractor, vendor or
other Person, arising under or relating to any Government Contract or
Government Subcontract and (ii) no disputes between the Company, its
Subsidiaries or their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the United
States government, on the other hand, under the Contract Disputes Act or any
other U.S. federal statute or between the Company, its Subsidiaries and their
respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and any prime contractor,
subcontractor or vendor, on the other hand, arising under or relating to any
Government Contract or Government Subcontract. None of the Company, its
Subsidiaries and their respective Affiliates has any direct financial
interest in any pending or potential claim against any Governmental Authority
or any prime contractor, subcontractor or vendor arising under or relating to
any Government Contract or Government Subcontract.   (d) Since January 1,
2000, (i) none of the Company, its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
Affiliates has been debarred or suspended from participation in the award of
Contracts with any Governmental Authority; (ii) to the Knowledge of the
Company, there exist no facts or circumstances that would warrant the
institution of suspension or debarment proceedings or the finding
of nonresponsibility or ineligibility on the part of the Company, its
Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates, or any director, officer
or employee of the Company, its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
Affiliates and (iii) the Company\'s and its Subsidiaries\' cost accounting
and procurement systems and the associated entries reflected in the
Company\'s financial statements included in the Filed Company SEC Documents
with respect to the Government Contracts and Government Subcontracts are in
compliance in all material respects with applicable Laws.   (e) Since
January 1, 2000, (i) all test and inspection results provided by the Company,
its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates to any Governmental
Authority pursuant to any Government Contract or Government Subcontract or to
any other Person pursuant to a Government Contract or Government Subcontract
or as a part of the delivery to any Governmental Authority or other Person
pursuant to a Government Contract or Government Subcontract of any article
designed, engineered, manufactured or repaired by the Company, its
Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates were complete and correct
in all material respects as of the date so provided and (ii) the Company and
its Subsidiaries have provided all test and inspection results to any
Governmental Authority or to any other Person pursuant to a Government   
26  Contract or Government Subcontract as required by applicable Law and the
terms of the applicable Government Contract or Government Subcontract.  
(f) No statement, representation or warranty made by the Company, its
Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates to any
Governmental Authority in connection with any Government Contract or
Government Subcontract or to another party where the ultimate contracting
party is a Governmental Authority contained on the date so furnished or
submitted any untrue statement of material fact, or failed to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein, in light of
the circumstances in which they are made, not misleading.   (g) For
purposes of this Section 3.14, the term "Affiliates" shall be deemed to
exclude natural persons and entities controlled by such natural persons.  
SECTION 3.15 Title to Properties. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries
(i) has good and marketable title to all properties and other assets which
are reflected on the most recent consolidated balance sheet of the Company
included in the Filed Company SEC Documents as being owned by the Company or
one of its Subsidiaries (or acquired after the date thereof) and which are,
individually or in the aggregate, material to the Company\'s business or
financial condition on a consolidated basis (except properties sold
or otherwise disposed of since the date thereof in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice and not in violation of this
Agreement), free and clear of all Liens except (x) statutory liens securing
payments not yet due, (y) security interests, mortgages and pledges that are
disclosed in the Filed Company SEC Documents that secure indebtedness that is
reflected in the most recent consolidated financial statements of the Company
included in the Filed Company SEC Documents and (z) such other imperfections
or irregularities of title or other Liens that, individually or in the
aggregate, do not and would not reasonably be expected to materially affect
the use of the properties or assets subject thereto or otherwise materially
impair business operations as presently conducted or as currently proposed by
the Company\'s management to be conducted, and (ii) is the lessee or
sublessee of all leasehold estates and leasehold interests reflected in the
Filed Company SEC Documents (or acquired after the date thereof) which are,
individually or in the aggregate, material to the Company\'s business or
financial condition on a consolidated basis (other than any such leaseholds
whose scheduled terms have expired subsequent to the date of such Filed
Company SEC Documents). Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries enjoys
peaceful and undisturbed possession under all such leases in all material
respects. Section 3.15 of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a
correct and complete list of all real property owned or leased by the Company
and its Subsidiaries as of the date of this Agreement.   SECTION 3.16
Intellectual Property.   (a) Except as disclosed in Section 3.16(a) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company and its Subsidiaries are the sole
and exclusive owner of, or have a valid right to use, sell or license, as the
case may be, all Intellectual Property and Technology ("Intellectual Property
Rights"), and have a continuing right to use, sell or    27  license, as
the case may be, all material Intellectual Property Rights, used, sold or
licensed by the Company and its Subsidiaries, as applicable, in the business
of the Company and its Subsidiaries as presently conducted and as currently
proposed by the Company\'s management to be conducted.   (b) Except as
disclosed in Section 3.16(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the products
and operation of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries and the use
of the Intellectual Property and Technology owned by the Company and its
Subsidiaries in connection therewith, and their present and currently
proposed business practices and methods, do not infringe, constitute an
unauthorized use of, or violate any Intellectual Property right of any
third party. The Intellectual Property owned by or licensed to each of the
Company and its Subsidiaries includes all of the Intellectual Property
necessary to enable the Company and its Subsidiaries to conduct their
business in the manner in which such businesses have been and are currently
being conducted, and as currently proposed to be conducted by the Company\'s
management.   (c) Except with respect to licenses of commercial off-the-
shelf Software, and except pursuant to the licenses listed in Section 3.16(c)
of the Company Disclosure Schedule, as of the date of this Agreement, neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to make any payments,
whenever due, by way of royalties, fees or otherwise to any owner or licensor
of, or other claimant to, any Intellectual Property, with respect to the use
thereof or in connection with the conduct of its business.   (d) Section
3.16(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and correct
list of all Patents, registered Marks, pending applications for registration
of any Marks, material unregistered Marks currently used, registered
Copyrights, and pending applications for registration of Copyrights owned by
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as of the date of this Agreement,
including the jurisdictions in which such Patents, Marks and Copyrights have
been issued or registered or in which such applications have been filed as of
the date of this Agreement.   (e) Except as disclosed in Section 3.16(e) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries has licensed any of its Intellectual Property to any Person on
an exclusive basis, nor has the Company or any of its Subsidiaries entered
into any Contract limiting its ability to exploit fully any of its
Intellectual Property (excluding nonexclusive Embedded Licenses).   (f)
Except as disclosed in Section 3.16(f) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no
non-public, proprietary Intellectual Property material to the business of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries as presently conducted have been
authorized to be disclosed or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
actually disclosed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any employee
or third party other than pursuant to a non-disclosure agreement or subject
to other confidentiality obligations that protects the proprietary interests
of the Company and its Subsidiaries in and to such Intellectual Property. The
Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to
protect the confidentiality of confidential Intellectual Property Rights of
the Company and its Subsidiaries.    28   (g) Except as disclosed in
Section 3.16(g) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company and its
Subsidiaries are not the subject of any pending or, to the Knowledge of the
Company, threatened legal, administrative, arbitral or other proceeding,
claim, suit or action which involve a claim or notice of infringement of,
unauthorized use of, or violation of any Intellectual Property of any third
party or challenging the ownership, use, validity or enforceability of any
material Intellectual Property Rights, and have not received written notice
of any such threatened claim, and, to the Knowledge of the Company, there are
no facts or circumstances which management reasonably believes are likely
to form the basis for any claim of infringement of, unauthorized use of,
or violation of any Intellectual Property of any third party or challenging
the ownership, use, validity or enforceability of any material Intellectual
Property Rights. To the Knowledge of the Company, all material Intellectual
Property owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are valid and,
except with respect to Patents for which applications are pending and rights
extending beyond common law rights in Marks for which applications are
pending, enforceable.   (h) Except as disclosed in Section 3.16(h) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, to the Knowledge of the Company, no third party
is infringing, violating, misusing or misappropriating any material
Intellectual Property Rights of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and
no such claims have been made against a third party by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries.   SECTION 3.17 Insurance, Claims and Warranties.   (a)
All material insurance policies of the Company and its Subsidiaries (the
"Policies") are in full force and effect. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is in material breach or default, and neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries have taken any action or failed to take any action
which, with notice or the lapse of time, would constitute such a breach or
default, or permit termination or modification of any of the Policies.
No notice of cancellation or termination has been received by the Company
with respect to any such Policy (except with respect to Policies that have
been replaced with similar policies). With respect to each of the legal
proceedings relating to events occurring on September 11, 2001 set forth in
the Company SEC Documents, no carrier of any Policy has asserted any denial
of coverage and, with respect to each of the other legal proceedings set
forth in the Company SEC Documents, no carrier of any Policy has asserted any
denial of coverage as of the date of this Agreement. The Transactions will
not cause the Policies not to remain in full force and effect, and the
Policies will not in any way be affected by, and will not terminate or lapse
by reason of, the Transactions.   (b) Section 3.17(b) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule sets forth, as of the date of this Agreement, a correct
and complete list and summary description of all claims, duties,
responsibilities, liabilities or obligations arising since January 1, 2001
from, or alleged to arise from, any injury to any Person (including current
and former employees) or property as a result of the manufacture, sale,
ownership, possession or use of any product of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries. All such existing claims are or will be fully covered by
product liability insurance. No circumstances exist affecting the   
29  safety of the products of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have
a Company Material Adverse Effect.   (c) Section 3.17(c) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule contains a complete and correct statement of all
warranties, warranty policies, service agreements and maintenance agreements
of the Company and any of its Subsidiaries in effect as of the date of this
Agreement that provide for warranty coverage for a period in excess of 12
months. All products of each of the Company and its Subsidiaries
manufactured, processed, assembled, distributed, shipped or sold and any
services rendered in the conduct of the business of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries have been in material conformity with all applicable standards,
contractual commitments and all express or implied warranties.   SECTION
3.18 Opinion of Financial Advisor. The Board of Directors of the Company has
received the opinions of Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. ("Deutsche Bank") and
Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein ("Dresdner"), each dated as of the date of
this Agreement, to the effect that, as of such date, and subject to the
various assumptions and qualifications set forth therein, the consideration
to be received in the Merger by holders of the Company Common Stock is fair
from a financial point of view to holders of such shares (the "Fairness
Opinions"). A complete and correct copy of each Fairness Opinion has been
delivered to Parent. The Company represents and warrants that it has
been authorized by Deutsche Bank and Dresdner, as applicable, to permit the
inclusion of their respective Fairness Opinions and references thereto in the
Proxy Statement.   SECTION 3.19 Brokers and Other Advisors. Except for
Deutsche Bank and Dresdner, the fees and expenses of which will be paid by
the Company, no broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other Person
is entitled to any broker\'s, finder\'s, financial advisor\'s or other
similar fee or commission, or the reimbursement of expenses, in connection
with the Transactions based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The Company has heretofore delivered or
made available to Parent correct and complete copies of the Company\'s
engagement letter with each of Deutsche Bank and Dresdner, which letters
describe all fees payable to Deutsche Bank and Dresdner, as the case may be,
in connection with the Transactions, all agreements under which any such fees
or any expenses are payable and all indemnification and other agreements
related to the engagement of Deutsche Bank and Dresdner, as the case may be
(the "Engagement Letters").   SECTION 3.20 State Takeover Statutes. No "fair
price", "moratorium", "control share acquisition" or other similar
antitakeover statute or regulation enacted under state or federal laws in the
United States (with the exception of Section 203 of the DGCL ("Section 203"))
applicable to the Company is applicable to the Merger or the other
Transactions. The action of the Board of Directors of the Company in
approving this Agreement (and the Transactions) is sufficient to render
inapplicable to this Agreement (and the Transactions) the restrictions
on "business combinations" (as defined in Section 203) as set forth in
Section 203.    30   ARTICLE IV   Representations and Warranties of
Parent and Merger Sub   Parent and Merger Sub jointly and severally
represent and warrant to the Company:   SECTION 4.1 Organization, Standing
and Corporate Power. Each of Parent and Merger Sub is a corporation duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the
jurisdiction in which it is incorporated.   SECTION 4.2 Authority;
Noncontravention.   (a) Each of Parent and Merger Sub has all necessary
corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
perform their respective obligations hereunder and to consummate the
Transactions. The execution, delivery and performance by Parent and Merger
Sub of this Agreement, and the consummation by Parent and Merger Sub of the
Transactions, have been duly authorized and approved by their respective
Boards of Directors (and prior to the Effective Time will be adopted by
Parent as the sole stockholder of Merger Sub) and no other corporate action
on the part of Parent and Merger Sub is necessary to authorize the execution,
delivery and performance by Parent and Merger Sub of this Agreement and the
consummation by them of the Transactions. This Agreement has been duly
executed and delivered by Parent and Merger Sub and, assuming due
authorization, execution and delivery hereof by the Company, constitutes a
legal, valid and binding obligation of each of Parent and Merger Sub,
enforceable against each of them in accordance with its terms, subject to the
Bankruptcy and Equity Exception.   (b) Neither the execution and delivery of
this Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub, nor the consummation by Parent or
Merger Sub of the Transactions, nor compliance by Parent or Merger Sub with
any of the terms or provisions hereof, will (i) conflict with or violate any
provision of the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of Parent or Merger
Sub or (ii) assuming that the authorizations, consents and approvals referred
to in Section 4.3 are obtained and the filings referred to in Section 4.3 are
made, (x) violate any Law, judgment, writ or injunction of any Governmental
Authority applicable to Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their
respective properties or assets, or (y) violate, conflict with, result in the
loss of any benefit under, constitute a default (or an event which, with
notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, result
in the termination of or a right of termination or cancellation under,
accelerate the performance required by, or result in the creation of any Lien
upon any of the respective properties or assets of, Parent or Merger Sub or
any of their respective Subsidiaries under, any of the terms, conditions or
provisions of any Contract to which Parent, Merger Sub or any of their
respective Subsidiaries is a party, or by which they or any of their
respective properties or assets may be bound or affected except, in the case
of clause (ii), for such violations, conflicts, losses,
defaults, terminations, cancellations, accelerations or Liens as,
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be   
31  expected to prevent or materially delay or materially impair the ability
of Parent or Merger Sub to consummate the Transactions (a "Parent Material
Adverse Effect").   SECTION 4.3 Governmental Approvals. Except for (i)
filings required under, and compliance with applicable requirements of, the
Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the rules of The New York Stock
Exchange, (ii) the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of
State of the State of Delaware pursuant to the DGCL and (iii) filings
required under, and compliance with other applicable requirements of, the HSR
Act and Foreign Antitrust Laws, no consents or approvals of, or filings,
declarations or registrations with, any Governmental Authority are necessary
for the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub or
the consummation by Parent and Merger Sub of the Transactions, other than
such other consents, approvals, filings, declarations or registrations that,
if not obtained, made or given, would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.   SECTION
4.4 Information Supplied. The information furnished in writing to the Company
by Parent and Merger Sub specifically for inclusion in the Proxy Statement
will not, at the time the Proxy Statement is first mailed to the stockholders
of the Company and at the time of such Company Stockholders Meeting, contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.  
SECTION 4.5 Ownership and Operations of Merger Sub. Parent owns beneficially
and of record all of the outstanding capital stock of Merger Sub. Merger Sub
has engaged in no other business activities and has conducted its operations
only as contemplated hereby.   SECTION 4.6 Financing. Parent has, and will
have at the Effective Time, sufficient cash resources available to pay the
aggregate Merger Consideration pursuant to the Merger.   SECTION 4.7
Brokers and Other Advisors. No broker, investment banker, financial advisor
or other Person is entitled to any broker\'s, finder\'s, financial advisor\'s
or other similar fee or commission in connection with the Transactions based
upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries.   ARTICLE V   Covenants and Agreements   SECTION 5.1
Preparation of the Proxy Statement; Stockholder Meeting.   (a) As promptly
as practicable following the date of this Agreement, the Company shall
prepare and file the Proxy Statement with the SEC. The Company shall use its
reasonable best efforts to (i) respond to any comments on the Proxy Statement
or requests for additional information from the SEC with respect thereto
as    32  soon as practicable after receipt of any such comments or
requests and (ii) cause the Proxy Statement to be mailed to the stockholders
of the Company as promptly as practicable following the date of this
Agreement. The Company shall promptly (A) notify Parent upon the receipt of
any such comments or requests and (B) provide Parent with copies of all
correspondence between the Company and its Representatives, on the one hand,
and the SEC and its staff, on the other hand, with respect to the Proxy
Statement. Prior to responding to any such comments or requests or the filing
or mailing of the Proxy Statement, (x) the Company shall provide Parent with
a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on any drafts of the Proxy
Statement and related correspondence and filings, (y) the Company shall
include in such drafts, correspondence and filings all comments
reasonably proposed by Parent and (z) to the extent practicable, the Company
and its outside counsel shall permit Parent and its outside counsel to
participate in all communications with the SEC and its staff (including all
meetings and telephone conferences) relating to the Proxy Statement, this
Agreement or any of the Transactions. Subject to Section 5.3(c), the Proxy
Statement shall include the Company Board Recommendation and a copy of the
written opinions of Deutsche Bank and Dresdner referred to in Section 3.18.
If at any time prior to the Effective Time any event shall occur, or fact or
information shall be discovered, that should be set forth in an amendment of
or a supplement to the Proxy Statement, the Company shall, in accordance with
the procedures set forth in this Section 5.1(a), prepare and file with the
SEC such amendment or supplement as soon thereafter as is reasonably
practicable and to the extent required by applicable Law, cause such
amendment or supplement to be distributed to the stockholders of the Company.
Parent agrees to furnish to the Company all information concerning Parent and
its Subsidiaries, officers and directors as may be reasonably requested in
connection with the foregoing.   (b) The Company shall, as soon as
practicable following the date of this Agreement, establish a record date
for, duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a special meeting of its
stockholders (the "Company Stockholders Meeting") solely for the purpose of
obtaining the Company Stockholder Approval. Subject to Section 5.3(c), the
Company shall, through its Board of Directors, make the Company Board
Recommendation. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing (but subject
to Section 7.1(d)(ii)), the Company\'s obligations pursuant to the first
sentence of this Section 5.1(b) shall not be affected by (i) the
commencement, public proposal, public disclosure or communication to
the Company of any Takeover Proposal or (ii) the withdrawal or modification
by the Board of Directors of the Company or any committee thereof of the
Company Board Recommendation or such Board of Directors\' or such
committee\'s approval of this Agreement or the Merger.   SECTION 5.2
Conduct of Business of the Company. Except as expressly permitted by this
Agreement, as set forth on Section 5.2 of the Company Disclosure Schedule or
as required by applicable Law, during the period from the date of this
Agreement until the Effective Time, unless Parent otherwise agrees in writing
(which agreement will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), the Company
shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (w) conduct its business
in the ordinary course consistent with past practice, (x) use reasonable best
efforts to comply in all material respects with all applicable Laws
(including making appropriate voluntary disclosures to   
33  Governmental Authorities) and the requirements of all Material Contracts
and Permits, (y) use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) maintain and
preserve intact its business organization and the goodwill of those having
business relationships with it and (ii) retain the services of its present
officers and key employees, and (z) use commercially reasonable efforts to
keep in full force and effect all material insurance policies maintained by
the Company and its Subsidiaries, other than changes to such policies made in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, except as expressly permitted by
this Agreement, as set forth on Section 5.2 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule or as required by applicable Law, during the period from the date of
this Agreement to the Effective Time, the Company shall not, and shall not
permit any of its Subsidiaries to, without the prior written consent of
Parent (which consent will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed):   (a)
(i) issue, sell, grant, dispose of, pledge or otherwise encumber any shares
of its capital stock, voting securities or equity interests, or
any securities or rights convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for,
or evidencing the right to subscribe for any shares of its capital stock,
voting securities or equity interests, or any rights, warrants, options,
calls, commitments or any other agreements of any character to purchase or
acquire any shares of its capital stock, voting securities or equity
interests or any securities or rights convertible into, exchangeable or
exercisable for, or evidencing the right to subscribe for, any shares of its
capital stock, voting securities or equity interests, provided that the
Company may issue shares of Company Common Stock (A) to participants in the
Company\'s 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan in accordance with the terms
thereof as of the Balance Sheet Date, or upon the exercise of options granted
under the Company Stock Plans in accordance with the terms thereof as of the
Balance Sheet Date and (B) upon the conversion of Convertible Notes, in each
case, that are outstanding on the date of this Agreement and in accordance
with the terms thereof; (ii) redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire any of its
outstanding shares of capital stock, voting securities or equity interests,
or any rights, warrants or options to acquire any shares of its capital
stock, voting securities or equity interests; (iii) declare, set aside for
payment or pay any dividend on, or make any other distribution in respect of,
any shares of its capital stock or otherwise make any payments to its
stockholders in their capacity as such (other than dividends by a direct or
indirect wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company to its parent); (iv) split,
combine, subdivide or reclassify any shares of its capital stock; or (v)
amend or waive any of its rights under, or accelerate the vesting under,
any provision of the Company Stock Plans or any agreement evidencing any
outstanding stock option or other right to acquire capital stock of the
Company or any restricted stock purchase agreement or any similar or related
contract, except such vesting as required (A) pursuant to employment
agreements in effect on the date of this Agreement (complete and correct
copies of which have been delivered or made available to Parent by the
Company) or (B) as a result of the Transactions in accordance with the terms
of the applicable Company Stock Plan as of the Balance Sheet Date;   (b)
incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee any indebtedness (or
enter into a "keep well" or similar agreement), other than (i) borrowings
from the Company by a direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiary of the
Company, (ii) indebtedness in respect of performance bonds and letters
of credit issued in the ordinary    34  course of business consistent
with past practice under the Company\'s existing credit facility with Silicon
Valley Bank and (iii) borrowings by Yxlon International X-Ray GmbH under its
credit facilities existing on the date hereof with Dresdner and Vereins und
Westbank, in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice;   (c) sell, transfer, lease, license, mortgage, encumber or
otherwise dispose of (including pursuant to a sale-leaseback transaction or
an asset securitization transaction) any of its properties or assets
(including securities of Subsidiaries) to any Person, except (A) sales of
products and Embedded Licenses, in each case in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice, (B) pursuant to Contracts in force at
the date of this Agreement and listed on Section 5.2(c) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, complete and correct copies of which have been made
available to Parent, or (C) dispositions of obsolete or worthless assets;  
(d) make any capital expenditures, except in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice and in an amount not in excess of $2,000,000 in
the aggregate for the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole during
any three-consecutive month period;   (e) make any acquisition (by purchase
of securities or assets, merger or consolidation, or otherwise) of any other
Person, business, division or assets (other than acquisitions of supplies and
raw materials for operations in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice, and capital expenditures to the extent permitted under
clause (d) above);   (f) make any investment (by contribution to capital,
property transfers, purchase of securities or otherwise) in, or loan or
advance (other than travel and similar advances to its employees in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice) to, any Person
other than a direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;   (g) (i) enter
into, terminate or amend any Material Contract, or any other Contract that
would be a Material Contract if such Contract were entered into during the
period from the date of this Agreement until the Effective Time, other than
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, (ii) enter
into a real estate lease (other than for immaterial office and storage space)
or Intellectual Property license (as licensee) (excluding licenses of
commercial off-the-shelf Software), (iii) enter into or extend the term or
scope of any Contract that purports to restrict the Company, or
any Subsidiary or existing or future Affiliate of the Company (other than
natural persons and entities controlled by such persons), from engaging in
any line of business or in any geographic area (other than agreements with
sales representatives and distributors entered into after reasonable
consultation with Parent), (iv) amend or modify either of the Engagement
Letters, (v) enter into any Contract that would be breached by, or require
the consent of any third party in order to continue in full force following,
consummation of the Transactions (other than immaterial Contracts that would
not materially impact the nature of the Company\'s business), (vi) release
any Person from, or modify or waive any provision of, any confidentiality,
nondisclosure or similar agreement related to the    35  Company\'s
proprietary Intellectual Property or other non-public information or (vii)
take any action to render the restrictive provisions of Section
203 inapplicable to any transaction (other than the Transactions) or any
Person (other than Parent and Merger Sub);   (h) increase in any manner the
compensation of any of its directors, officers or employees or enter into,
establish, amend, modify or terminate any employment, consulting, retention,
change in control, collective bargaining, bonus or other incentive
compensation, profit sharing, health or other welfare, stock option or other
equity (or equity-based), pension, retirement, vacation, severance, deferred
compensation or other compensation or benefit plan (including any plan that
would constitute a Company Plan), policy, agreement, trust, fund or
arrangement with, for or in respect of, any stockholder, director, officer,
other employee, consultant or Affiliate, other than (i) as required pursuant
to applicable law or the terms of agreements in effect as of the date of this
Agreement as set forth on Section 5.2(h) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
(complete and correct copies of which have been delivered or made available
to Parent by the Company), (ii) increases in salaries, wages and benefits of
employees (other than officers) made in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice and in amounts and in a manner consistent with
past practice and (iii) the termination (with respect to a
terminated employee or consultant) of any agreements or arrangements with a
terminated employee or consultant;   (i) make or change any material
election concerning Taxes or Tax Returns, file any amended Tax Return, enter
into any closing agreement with respect to Taxes, settle any material Tax
claim or assessment or surrender any right to claim a refund of Taxes or
obtain any Tax ruling;   (j) make any changes (other than immaterial changes
made in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice) in
financial or tax accounting methods, principles or practices or change an
annual accounting period, except insofar as may be required by a change in
GAAP or applicable Law;   (k) amend the Company Charter Documents or the
Subsidiary Documents;   (l) adopt a plan or agreement of complete or partial
liquidation, dissolution, restructuring, recapitalization, merger,
consolidation or other reorganization;   (m) pay, discharge, settle or
satisfy any material claims, liabilities or obligations (absolute, accrued,
asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise), including payment or
prepayment of long-term indebtedness of the Company, other than the payment,
discharge, settlement or satisfaction in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice or in accordance with their terms of other
liabilities, claims or obligations reflected or reserved against in the most
recent consolidated financial statements (or the notes thereto) of the
Company included in the Filed Company SEC Documents or incurred since the
date of such financial statements in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice;    36   (n) settle or compromise any
litigation or proceeding to the extent that such settlement or compromise (i)
requires that the Company or its Subsidiaries pay more than $1,000,000 in the
aggregate or (ii) does not provide for a full release of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, as applicable (this covenant being in addition to the
Company\'s agreement set forth in Section 5.9 hereof);   (o) enter into any
transaction that would be required to be reported pursuant to Item 404 of
Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC;   (p) take any action of the type
referred to in the second sentence of Section 3.8(a); or   (q) agree, in
writing or otherwise, to take any of the foregoing actions or take any action
or agree, in writing or otherwise, to take any action, which would cause any
of the conditions to the Merger set forth in this Agreement not being
satisfied.   SECTION 5.3 No Solicitation by the Company; Etc.   (a) The
Company shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries and the Company\'s and its
Subsidiaries\' respective directors, officers, employees, investment bankers,
financial advisors, attorneys, accountants, agents and other representatives
(collectively, "Representatives") to, immediately cease and cause to be
terminated any discussions or negotiations with any Person with respect to a
Takeover Proposal, and use reasonable best efforts to obtain the return from
all such Persons or cause the destruction of all copies of confidential
information provided to such parties by the Company, its Subsidiaries or
Representatives that are still in the possession of such Persons. The Company
shall not, and shall cause its Subsidiaries and Representatives not to,
directly or indirectly (i) solicit, initiate or knowingly facilitate or
encourage the initiation of any inquiries or proposals that constitute, or
may reasonably be expected to lead to, any Takeover Proposal or (ii)
participate in any discussions with any third party regarding, or furnish to
any third party any non-public information with respect to any Takeover
Proposal; provided, however, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Section 5.3 or elsewhere in this Agreement, if the Board of
Directors of the Company receives an unsolicited, bona fide written Takeover
Proposal that was made in circumstances not involving a breach of
this Agreement or any standstill agreement and that the Board of Directors of
the Company determines in good faith is reasonably likely to result in a
Superior Proposal and with respect to which such Board determines in good
faith, after considering applicable provisions of state Law and after
consulting with and receiving the advice of outside counsel, that the taking
of such action is necessary in order for such Board to comply with its
fiduciary duties to the Company\'s stockholders under Delaware law, then the
Company and its Representatives may (but only prior to obtaining the Company
Stockholder Approval), in response to such Takeover Proposal and after
providing Parent not less than 24 hours written notice of its intention to
take such actions, (A) furnish information with respect to the Company and
its Subsidiaries to the Person making such Takeover Proposal, but only after
such Person enters into a customary confidentiality agreement with the
Company (which confidentiality agreement must be no less favorable to the
Company (i.e., no less restrictive with respect to the    37  conduct of
such Person) than the Confidentiality Agreement), provided that (1) such
confidentiality agreement may not include any provision calling for
an exclusive right to negotiate with the Company and (2) the Company advises
Parent of all such non-public information delivered to such Person
concurrently with its delivery to such Person and concurrently with its
delivery to such Person the Company delivers to Parent all such information
not previously provided to Parent, and (B) participate in discussions and
negotiations with such Person regarding such Takeover Proposal. The Company
shall take all action necessary to enforce each confidentiality, standstill
or similar agreement to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a
party or by which any of them is bound (in each case, other than any such
agreement with Parent). Without limiting the foregoing, it is understood that
any violation of the restrictions set forth in this Section 5.3(a) by the
Company, its Subsidiaries or their respective Representatives shall be deemed
to be a breach of this Section 5.3(a) by the Company.   (b) In addition to
the other obligations of the Company set forth in this Section 5.3, promptly
(and in no event later than 48 hours) after any officer or director of the
Company becomes aware that any proposal, offer, inquiry or other contact is
received by, any information is requested from, or any discussions or
negotiations are sought to be initiated or continued with, the Company in
respect of any Takeover Proposal, the Company shall advise Parent, orally and
in writing, of such proposal, offer, inquiry or other contact and shall, as
part of so advising Parent, indicate the identity of the Person making such
proposal, offer, inquiry or other contact and the material terms
and conditions of any proposals or offers or the nature of any inquiries or
contacts (and, in connection therewith, shall simultaneously provide to
Parent copies of any written materials received from or on behalf of such
Person relating to such proposal, offer, inquiry or request), and thereafter
shall keep Parent informed, on a timely basis and in reasonable detail, of
all material developments affecting the status and terms of any such
proposals, offers, inquiries or requests (and the Company shall provide
Parent with copies of any additional written materials received that relate
to such proposals, offers, inquiries or requests) and of the status of any
such discussions or negotiations.   (c) Except as expressly permitted by
this Section 5.3(c), neither the Board of Directors of the Company nor any
committee thereof shall (i)(A) withdraw or modify, or propose publicly to
withdraw or modify, in a manner adverse to Parent, the Company Board
Recommendation or (B) approve or recommend, or propose publicly to approve or
recommend, any Takeover Proposal or (ii) allow, cause or authorize the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries to enter into any letter of intent,
agreement in principle, memorandum of understanding, merger, acquisition,
purchase or joint venture agreement or other agreement providing for or
contemplating the consummation of any Takeover Proposal (other than a
confidentiality agreement in accordance with Section 5.3(a)) (each,
a "Company Acquisition Agreement"). Notwithstanding the foregoing or any
other provision of this Agreement, (x) the Board of Directors of the Company
may withdraw or modify the Company Board Recommendation, or recommend a
Superior Proposal, if such Board determines in good faith, after reviewing
applicable provisions of state Law and after consulting with and receiving
advice from outside counsel, that the failure to make such withdrawal,
modification or recommendation would constitute a breach by the Board of
Directors of the Company of its fiduciary duties to the Company\'s   
38  stockholders under Delaware law and (y) if the Board of Directors of the
Company receives an unsolicited, bona fide written Takeover Proposal that was
made in circumstances not involving a breach of this Agreement or any
standstill agreement and that such Board determines in good faith constitutes
a Superior Proposal, the Board of Directors of the Company may, in response
to such Superior Proposal and within 48 hours after the expiration of the
three business day period described below, enter into a definitive agreement
with respect to such Superior Proposal but only if the Company shall have
concurrently with entering into such definitive agreement terminated this
Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1(d)(ii) and prior thereto or concurrently
therewith paid the Termination Fee required pursuant to Section 7.3, but in
any event only after the third business day following Parent\'s receipt of
written notice (the "Notice") from the Company advising Parent that the Board
of Directors of the Company is prepared to enter into a definitive agreement
with respect to such Superior Proposal and terminate this Agreement (it being
understood that the Company shall be required to deliver a new Notice in
respect of any revised Superior Proposal (other than immaterial revisions)
from such third party or its Affiliates that the Company proposes to accept),
attaching the most current version of such agreement to such Notice (which
version shall be updated on a current basis), and only if, during such three
business day period, the Company and its Representatives shall have
negotiated in good faith with Parent and Parent\'s Representatives to make
such adjustments in the terms of this Agreement as would enable Parent to
proceed with the Transactions on such adjusted terms and, at the end of such
three business day period, after taking into account any such adjusted terms
as may have been proposed by Parent since its receipt of such Notice, the
Board of Directors of the Company has again in good faith made the
determination referred to above in this clause (y).   (d) For purposes of
this Agreement:   "Takeover Proposal" means any inquiry, proposal or offer
from any Person (other than Parent and its Affiliates) relating to any (A)
direct or indirect acquisition (whether in a single transaction or a series
of related transactions) of assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries
(including securities of Subsidiaries, but excluding sales of assets in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice) having a fair
market value equal to 15% or more of the Company\'s consolidated assets or to
which 15% or more of the Company\'s revenues or earnings on a consolidated
basis are attributable, (B) direct or indirect acquisition (whether in a
single transaction or a series of related transactions) of 15% or more of any
class of equity securities of the Company, (C) tender offer or exchange offer
that if consummated would result in any Person beneficially owning 15% or
more of any class of equity securities of the Company or (D) merger,
consolidation, share exchange, business combination, recapitalization,
liquidation or dissolution (other than liquidation or dissolution of wholly-
owned Subsidiaries of the Company) or similar transaction involving the
Company or involving any Subsidiary (or Subsidiaries) (other than mergers,
consolidations, business combinations or similar transactions
involving solely the Company and/or one or more Subsidiaries of the Company
and mergers in order to effect acquisitions by the Company or its
Subsidiaries that if consummated would result in a Person beneficially owning
not more than 14.9% of any class of equity securities of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries) or any assets    39  of the Company and its
Subsidiaries having a fair market value equal to 15% or more of the
Company\'s consolidated assets or to which 15% or more of the Company\'s
revenues or earnings on a consolidated basis are attributable; in each case,
other than the Transactions.   "Superior Proposal" means a bona fide written
offer obtained not in breach of this Agreement or any standstill agreement to
acquire, directly or indirectly, for consideration consisting of cash and/or
securities, all of the equity securities of the Company or all or
substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries on a
consolidated basis, made by a third party, which is not subject to a
financing contingency and which is otherwise on terms and conditions which
the Board of Directors of the Company determines in its good faith judgment
(after consultation with a financial advisor of national reputation) to be
more favorable to the Company\'s stockholders from a financial point of view
than the Merger and the other Transactions, taking into account at the time
of determination the ability of the Person making such proposal to consummate
the transactions contemplated by such proposal (based upon, among other
things, the availability of financing and the expectation of
obtaining required approvals).   (e) Nothing in this Section 5.3 shall
prohibit the Board of Directors of the Company from taking and disclosing to
the Company\'s stockholders a position contemplated by Rules 14d-9 and
14e-2(a) or Item 1012(a) of Regulation M-A promulgated under the Exchange Act
if such Board of Directors determines in good faith, after consultation with
outside counsel, that failure to so disclose such position would constitute a
violation of applicable Law; provided, however, that if such disclosure has
the effect of withdrawing or modifying the Company Board Recommendation in a
manner adverse to Parent or the approval of this Agreement by the Board of
Directors of the Company, Parent shall have the right to terminate this
Agreement to the extent set forth in Section 7.1(c)(iii) of this Agreement;
provided further, however, that in no event shall the Company or its Board of
Directors or any committee thereof take, or agree or resolve to take, any
action prohibited by Section 5.3(c).   SECTION 5.4 Further Action;
Reasonable Best Efforts.   (a) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in this Agreement, each of the parties hereto shall, and shall
cause their respective Affiliates to, use reasonable best efforts to take, or
cause to be taken, all actions necessary, proper and advisable under
applicable Laws to consummate the Transactions as promptly as practicable. In
furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, each party shall: (i)
make an appropriate filing of a Notification and Report Form pursuant to the
HSR Act with respect to the Transactions as promptly as practicable and
supply as promptly as practicable any additional information and documentary
material that may be requested pursuant to the HSR Act; (ii) make any
additional filings required by any applicable Competition Law and take all
other actions reasonably necessary, proper or advisable to cause the
expiration or termination of the applicable waiting periods under the HSR Act
or other Competition Laws, and comply with applicable Foreign Antitrust Laws,
as promptly as practicable; and (iii) subject to applicable Laws relating to
access to and the exchange of information, use its reasonable best efforts to
(A) cooperate with each other    40  in connection with any filing or
submission and in connection with any investigation or other inquiry under or
relating to any Competition Law; (B) keep the other parties informed of any
communication received by such party from, or given by such party to, the
Federal Trade Commission (the "FTC"), the Antitrust Division of the
Department of Justice (the "DOJ") or any other Governmental Authority and of
any communication received or given in connection with any proceeding by a
private party, in each case regarding any of the Transactions; and (C) permit
the other parties hereto to review in advance any communication intended to
be given by it to, and consult with the other parties in advance of any
meeting or conference with, the FTC, the DOJ or any such other Governmental
Authority, and to the extent permitted by the FTC, the DOJ or such other
applicable Governmental Authority, give the other parties the opportunity to
attend and participate in such meetings and conferences.   (b) In
furtherance and not in limitation of the covenants of the parties contained
in Section 5.4(a), but subject to Section 5.4(c): (i) in the event that any
legal, administrative, arbitral or other proceeding, claim, suit or action is
instituted (or threatened to be instituted) by a Governmental Authority or
private party challenging any of the Transactions or in the event that any
Governmental Authority shall otherwise object to any of the Transactions,
each of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company shall cooperate with each other
and use its respective reasonable best efforts: (A) to vigorously defend,
contest and resist any such proceeding, claim, suit, action or challenge; (B)
to have vacated, lifted, reversed or overturned any decree, judgment,
injunction or other order, whether temporary, preliminary or permanent, that
is in effect and that prohibits, prevents or restricts consummation of the
Transactions; and (C) to resolve objections; and (ii) in order to resolve any
proceeding, claim, suit, action or objection of the type referred to in
clause "(i)" of this sentence and to otherwise obtain clearance under any
Competition Law, Parent shall offer and agree to the disposition (and to any
other action related thereto as may be reasonably required) of the Company
NDT Business.   (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
this Agreement, in no event shall Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or
Affiliates be obligated to propose or agree to accept any undertaking or
condition, enter into any consent decree, make any divestiture, accept any
operational restriction or take or commit to take any action that would
reasonably be expected to limit: (i) the freedom of action of Parent or its
Subsidiaries or Affiliates with respect to the operation of, or Parent\'s
ability to retain, the Company or any businesses, product lines or assets of
the Company other than the Company NDT Business, or (ii) Parent\'s or its
Subsidiaries\' or Affiliates\' ability to retain, own or operate any portion
of the businesses, product lines or assets of Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or alter or restrict in any way the business or
commercial practices of Parent or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or, except
with respect to the Company NDT Business, the Company or
its Subsidiaries.   (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other
provision of this Agreement, nothing in this Section 5.4 shall limit a
party\'s right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1(b)(i) so
long as such party has up to then complied in all material respects with its
obligations under this Section 5.4.    41   (e) The Company shall (i)
take all action necessary to ensure that no state takeover statute or similar
Law is or becomes applicable to any of the Transactions and (ii) if any state
takeover statute or similar Law becomes applicable to any of the
Transactions, take all action necessary to ensure that the Transactions may
be consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated by this
Agreement and otherwise minimize the effect of such Law on the
Transactions.   (f) For purposes hereof, "Competition Laws" means the
Sherman Act, as amended, the Clayton Act, as amended, the HSR Act, the
Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended, and all other applicable Laws
issued by a Governmental Authority that are designed or intended to prohibit,
restrict or regulate actions having the purpose or effect of monopolization
or restraint of trade or lessening of competition through merger or
acquisition.   SECTION 5.5 Public Announcements. The initial press release
with respect to the execution of this Agreement shall be a joint press
release to be reasonably agreed upon by Parent and the Company. Thereafter,
neither the Company nor Parent shall issue or cause the publication of any
press release or other public announcement (to the extent not previously
issued or made in accordance with this Agreement) with respect to the Merger,
this Agreement or the other Transactions without the prior consent of the
other party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed),
except as may be required by Law or by any applicable listing agreement with
a national securities exchange or Nasdaq as determined in the good faith
judgment of the party proposing to make such release, in which case (except
in connection with press releases or announcements to be issued with respect
to actions taken by the Company or its Board of Directors pursuant to and in
accordance with Section 5.3(c)) neither the Company nor Parent shall issue or
cause the publication of such press release or other public announcement
without prior consultation with the other party, to the extent
practicable.   SECTION 5.6 Access to Information; Confidentiality. Subject
to applicable Laws relating to access to and the exchange of information,
the Company shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, afford to
Parent and Parent\'s Representatives reasonable access during normal business
hours and on reasonable advance notice to the Company\'s and its
Subsidiaries\' properties, books, Contracts, commitments, records (including
materials filed or furnished by it or any of its Subsidiaries with any
Governmental Authority with respect to compliance with applicable Laws),
officers, employees, accountants, counsel, financial advisors and other
Representatives (such access not to materially disrupt or interfere with the
business operations of the Company) and the Company shall furnish (or
otherwise make available, including through the SEC EDGAR system) promptly to
Parent (i) a copy of each report, schedule and other document filed,
furnished or received by it or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to the
requirements of Federal or state securities Laws and (ii) all
other information concerning its and its Subsidiaries\' business, properties
and personnel as Parent may reasonably request. Except for disclosures
permitted by the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement, dated as of December
1, 2003, between Parent and the Company (as it may be amended from time to
time, the "Confidentiality Agreement"), Parent shall hold information
received from the Company pursuant to this Section in    42  confidence
in accordance with the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement.
No investigation, or information received, pursuant to this Section 5.6 will
affect or modify any of the representations and warranties of the
Company.   SECTION 5.7 Notification of Certain Matters. The Company shall
use reasonable best efforts to give prompt notice to Parent, and Parent shall
use reasonable best efforts to give prompt notice to the Company, of (i) any
notice or other communication received by such party from any Governmental
Authority in connection with the Transactions or from any Person alleging
that the consent of such Person is or may be required in connection with the
Transactions, if the subject matter of such communication or the failure of
such party to obtain such consent would reasonably be expected to be material
to the Company, the Surviving Corporation or Parent, (ii) any actions, suits,
claims, investigations or proceedings, to such party\'s Knowledge, commenced
or threatened against, relating to or involving or otherwise affecting such
party or any of its Subsidiaries which relate to the Transactions, (iii) the
discovery of any fact or circumstance that, or the occurrence or non-
occurrence of any event the occurrence or non-occurrence of which, would
cause any representation or warranty made by such party contained in this
Agreement (A) that is qualified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect
to be untrue and (B) that is not so qualified to be untrue in any material
respect, and (iv) any material failure of such party to comply with or
satisfy any covenant or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it
hereunder; provided, however, that the delivery of any notice pursuant to
this Section 5.7 shall not (nor shall any information provided pursuant to
Section 5.6) (x) be considered in determining whether any representation or
warranty is true for purposes of Article VI or Article VII, (y) cure any
breach or non-compliance with any other provision of this Agreement or (z)
limit the remedies available to the party receiving such notice; provided,
further, that the failure to deliver any notice pursuant to this Section 5.7
shall not be considered in determining whether the condition set forth in
Section 6.2(b) or 6.3(b) has been satisfied or the related termination right
in Article VII is available except to the extent that a party hereto
is actually prejudiced by such failure to give notice.   SECTION 5.8
Indemnification and Insurance.   (a) From and after the Effective Time, the
Surviving Corporation shall (and Parent shall cause the Surviving Corporation
to) indemnify, defend and hold harmless the individuals who at or prior to
the Effective Time were directors or officers of the Company (collectively,
the "Indemnitees") with respect to all acts or omissions by them in their
capacities as such at any time prior to the Effective Time, to the fullest
extent required by (A) the Company Charter Documents as in effect on the date
of this Agreement and (B) any applicable contract as in effect on the date of
this Agreement; provided, however, that (i) the Surviving Corporation shall
not be required to indemnify any Indemnitee for such Indemnitee\'s
responsibility for breach of this Agreement and (ii) such indemnification
shall only be to the fullest extent a corporation is permitted under the DGCL
to indemnify its directors and officers.   (b) Parent shall provide, or
cause the Surviving Corporation to provide, for a period of not less than six
years after the Effective Time, the Indemnitees    43  (as defined to
mean those persons currently insured under the Company\'s directors\' and
officers\' insurance and indemnification policy) with an insurance and
indemnification policy that provides coverage for events occurring at
or prior to the Effective Time (the "DandO; Insurance") that is no less
favorable than the existing policy of the Company or, if substantially
equivalent insurance coverage is unavailable, the best available coverage;
provided, however, that Parent and the Surviving Corporation shall not be
required to pay an annual premium for the DandO; Insurance in excess of 150% of
the annual premium currently paid by the Company for such insurance;
provided, further, that if the annual premiums of such insurance coverage
exceed such amount, Parent or the Surviving Corporation shall be obligated to
obtain a policy with the greatest coverage available for a cost not exceeding
such amount.   (c) The Indemnitees to whom this Section 5.8 applies shall be
third party beneficiaries of this Section 5.8. The provisions of this Section
5.8 are intended to be for the benefit of each Indemnitee, his or her heirs
and his or her representatives.   (d) In the event that the Surviving
Corporation or any of its successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or
merges into any other Person and shall not be the continuing or surviving
corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers or
conveys all or a majority of its properties and assets to any Person, then,
and in each such case, proper provision shall be made so that the successors
and assigns of the Surviving Corporation shall succeed to the obligations set
forth in this Section 5.8.   SECTION 5.9 Securityholder Litigation. The
Company shall give Parent the opportunity to participate in the defense or
settlement of any securityholder litigation against the Company and/or its
directors relating to the Transactions, and no such settlement shall be
agreed to without Parent\'s prior consent (which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed).   SECTION 5.10 Fees and Expenses. Whether
or not the Merger is consummated, all fees and expenses incurred in
connection with this Agreement, the Merger and the Transactions shall be paid
by the party incurring such fees or expenses, except as otherwise provided in
Section 7.3.   SECTION 5.11 Employee Benefits.   (a) For a period of at
least one year following the Effective Time (such period of time, the
"Protected Period"), Parent shall cause the Surviving Corporation or any of
its Affiliates to provide to employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries
pay (which shall include rates of base salary or wages and annual bonus
opportunities), and benefits which are substantially comparable in the
aggregate to those provided by the Company and its Subsidiaries to
the employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries on the date hereof. For
purposes of the preceding sentence, all stock option and similar equity grant
or purchase programs or plans maintained by the Company or its Subsidiaries
shall be disregarded.    44   (b) Employees of the Company and its
Subsidiaries as of the Closing shall also be provided credit for all service
with the Company and its subsidiaries, to the same extent as such service was
credited for such purpose by the Company and its Subsidiaries for such
employees, under (i) all employee benefit plans, programs, policies and
fringe benefits arrangements to be provided to such employees for purposes of
eligibility and vesting, (ii) severance plans, programs and policies to be
provided to such employees for purposes of calculating the amount of each
such employee\'s severance benefits and (iii) vacation and sick leave plans,
programs and policies for purposes of calculating the amount of each such
employee\'s vacation and sick leave. With respect to each employee benefit
plan, program or policy of Parent or its Subsidiaries that is a "welfare
benefit plan" (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA) in which current
employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries participate following the
Effective Time, Parent or its Subsidiaries shall cause there to be waived any
pre-existing condition limitations not otherwise applicable under the Company
Benefit Plans.   (c) Parent shall, or shall cause the Surviving Corporation
to, assume and either shall, or shall cause the Surviving Corporation to,
discharge the obligations under each employment or severance agreement listed
in Section 3.11(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule.   (d)
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, nothing in this
Section 5.11 shall impede or limit Parent, Merger Sub, the Company, the
Surviving Corporation or any of their Affiliates from terminating any of
their employees at any time for any reason or no reason, subject to
the provisions of applicable Law.   SECTION 5.12 Sale of Company NDT
Business. Promptly following the execution of this Agreement, the Company
shall prepare such information (including financial information) and take
such other actions as Parent shall reasonably request and shall otherwise be
reasonably appropriate to effect the disposition of the Company NDT Business
in connection with obtaining clearances under Competition Laws as
contemplated by Section 5.4 (it being understood that the Company shall not
be required to dispose of the Company NDT Business unless the Transactions
are consummated). Without limiting the provisions of Section 5.2, Parent
shall be entitled to participate in the identification of
potential purchasers of the Company NDT Business and to review all proposals
received from and to participate in all discussions and negotiations with
potential purchasers.   ARTICLE VI   Conditions Precedent   SECTION 6.1
Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect the Merger. The respective
obligations of each party hereto to effect the Merger shall be subject to the
satisfaction (or waiver, if permissible under applicable Law) on or prior to
the Closing Date of the following conditions:    45   (a) Stockholder
Approval. The Company Stockholder Approval shall have been obtained in
accordance with applicable Law and the Company Charter Documents;   (b)
Antitrust. Any waiting period (and any extension of such period) under the
HSR Act applicable to the Transactions shall have expired or shall have been
terminated and the applicable filings, approvals or expiration or termination
of any applicable waiting periods under Foreign Antitrust Laws
in jurisdictions in which such filings, approvals or expiration or
termination are required by Law to be made, obtained or expired, or
terminated prior to the Closing, shall have been made, obtained or expired,
or terminated; and   (c) No Injunctions or Restraints. No Law, injunction,
judgment or ruling enacted, promulgated, issued, entered, amended or enforced
by any Governmental Authority (collectively, "Restraints") shall be in
effect enjoining, restraining, preventing or prohibiting consummation of the
Merger or making the consummation of the Merger illegal.   SECTION 6.2
Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub. The obligations of Parent
and Merger Sub to effect the Merger are further subject to the satisfaction
(or waiver, if permissible under applicable Law) on or prior to the Closing
Date of the following conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties. The
representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement
(without giving effect to any materiality or Company Material Adverse Effect
qualification (other than such qualifications set forth in Sections 3.5(a),
3.5(b), 3.5(c), 3.9, 3.13(a), 3.13(b) (as used in the term "Material
Contract") and 3.16(d) and the first and last sentences of Section 3.6))
shall be true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of the
Closing Date as though made on the Closing Date (except to the extent such
representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which
case as of such earlier date), except as would not reasonably be expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect;
provided, however, that (i) the representations and warranties made
in Section 3.2(a) shall be true and correct except for immaterial
inaccuracies as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as
though made on the Closing Date, except to the extent such representations
and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case as of such
earlier date and (ii) in the event the Initial Outside Date is automatically
extended in accordance with Section 7.1(b)(i), the representation and
warranty set forth in the first sentence of Section 3.6 shall be true and
correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Initial Outside
Date;   (b) Performance of Obligations of the Company. The Company
shall have performed in all material respects all obligations required to be
performed by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date;   
46   (c) Officer\'s Certificate. Parent shall have received a
certificate, signed on behalf of the Company by the chief executive officer
or chief financial officer of the Company, certifying as to the matters set
forth in Sections 6.2(a) and 6.2(b);   (d) Company Material Adverse Effect.
Since the date of this Agreement through the Initial Outside Date or, if
sooner, the Closing Date, there shall have been no change, event, occurrence
or state of facts that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would
reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect;   (e) No
Litigation. There shall not be any action, investigation, proceeding or
litigation instituted, commenced, pending or threatened by or before any
Governmental Authority in which a Governmental Authority is a party that
would or is reasonably likely to (i) restrain, enjoin, prevent, prohibit
or make illegal the acquisition of some or all of the shares of Company
Common Stock by Parent or Merger Sub or the consummation of the Merger or the
other Transactions, (ii) impose limitations on the ability of Parent or its
Affiliates effectively to exercise full rights of ownership of all shares of
the Surviving Corporation or (iii) result in a Governmental Investigation or
material Governmental Damages being imposed on Parent or the Surviving
Corporation or any of their respective Affiliates;   (f) No Restraint. No
Restraint that would reasonably be expected to result, directly or
indirectly, in any of the effects referred to in Section 6.2(e) shall be in
effect;   (g) Certifications. None of the Company\'s or its
Subsidiaries\' explosive detection systems shall have failed to maintain
their respective certifications (or successor certifications) from the
Transportation Security Administration or the Federal Aviation
Administration, or failed to obtain re-certification if necessary.   (h)
Director Resignations. Parent shall have received written resignation letters
from each of the members of the Board of Directors of the Company effective
as of the Effective Time;   (i) Sarbanes-Oxley Certifications. With respect
to any applicable reports of the Company filed with the SEC after the date of
this Agreement, neither the chief executive officer nor the chief financial
officer of the Company shall have failed to provide the necessary
certifications (i) as and in the form required under Section 302 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and (ii) as required under Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and in the form previously filed by the
Company.   SECTION 6.3 Conditions to Obligation of the Company. The
obligation of the Company to effect the Merger is further subject to the
satisfaction (or waiver, if permissible under applicable Law) on or prior to
the Closing Date of the following conditions:   (a) Representations and
Warranties. The representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub
contained in this Agreement (without giving effect    47  to any
materiality or Parent Material Adverse Effect qualification) shall be true
and correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date
as though made on the Closing Date (except to the extent such representations
and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case as of such
earlier date), except as would not reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Parent Material Adverse Effect;   (b)
Performance of Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub. Parent and Merger Sub
shall have performed in all material respects all obligations required to be
performed by them under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date;
and   (c) Officer\'s Certificate. The Company shall have received
a certificate, signed on behalf of Parent by a Vice President of
Parent, certifying as to the matters set forth in Sections 6.3(a) and
6.3(b).   SECTION 6.4 Frustration of Closing Conditions. None of the
Company, Parent or Merger Sub may rely on the failure of any condition set
forth in Section 6.1, 6.2 or 6.3, as the case may be, to be satisfied if such
failure was caused by such party\'s failure to perform any of its obligations
under this Agreement.   ARTICLE VII   Termination   SECTION 7.1
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated and the Transactions abandoned
at any time prior to the Effective Time:   (a) by the mutual written consent
of the Company and Parent duly authorized by each of their respective Boards
of Directors; or   (b) by either of the Company or Parent:   (i) if the
Merger shall not have been consummated on or before  October 31, 2004 (the
"Initial Outside Date"); provided, however, that:  (A) if the Merger shall
not have been consummated on or before such date  because the condition set
forth in Section 6.1(b) (or in Section 6.2(e) or  6.2(f) as a result of an
action, investigation, proceeding, litigation or  Restraint under Competition
Laws) has not been satisfied or waived, then  such date shall be
automatically extended to January 31, 2005 (the  "Outside Date"), and (B) the
right to terminate this Agreement under this  Section 7.1(b)(i) shall not be
available to a party if the failure of the  Merger to have been consummated
on or before the Initial Outside Date or  the Outside Date, as the case may
be, was primarily due to the failure of  such party to perform any of its
obligations under this Agreement;   (ii) if any Restraint having the effect
set forth in Section 6.1(c)  shall be in effect and shall have become final
and nonappealable;  provided, however, that the right to terminate this
Agreement under this  Section 7.1(b)(ii) shall not be available to a party if
such Restraint was  primarily due to the failure of such party to perform any
of its  obligations under this Agreement; or    48   (iii) if the
Company Stockholder Approval shall not have been  obtained at the Company
Stockholders Meeting duly convened therefor or at  any adjournment or
postponement thereof; or   (c) by Parent:   (i) if the Company shall have
breached or failed to perform any of  its representations, warranties,
covenants or agreements set forth in this  Agreement, or if any
representation or warranty of the Company shall have  become untrue, in
either case such that the conditions set forth in  Section 6.2(a) or (b)
would not be satisfied (a "Terminating Company  Breach"); provided, however,
that if such Terminating Company Breach is  curable by the Company by the
Initial Outside Date or the Outside Date, as  the case may be, through the
exercise of reasonable best efforts and for  so long as the Company continues
to exercise such reasonable best efforts,  Parent may not terminate this
Agreement under this Section 7.1(c)(i);   (ii) if any Restraint having the
effect of granting or implementing  any relief referred to Section 6.2(e)
shall be in effect and shall have  become final and nonappealable; provided,
however, that the right to  terminate this Agreement under this Section
7.1(c)(ii) shall not be  available to Parent if such Restraint was primarily
due to the failure of  Parent or Merger Sub to perform any of its respective
obligations under  this Agreement; or   (iii) if (x) the Company enters
into a Company Acquisition Agreement  or (y) the Board of Directors of the
Company or any committee thereof (A)  shall have withdrawn or modified, in a
manner adverse to Parent, the  Company Board Recommendation or its approval
of any of the Transactions,  (B) shall have approved or recommended to the
stockholders of the Company  a Takeover Proposal, (C) shall not have rejected
any proposal respecting a  Takeover Proposal within ten (10) business days of
the making thereof  (including, for these purposes, by taking no position
with respect to the  acceptance of a tender offer or exchange offer by its
stockholders, which  shall constitute a failure to recommend against
acceptance of such tender  offer or exchange offer) or (D) shall have failed
to publicly reconfirm  the Company Board Recommendation or its approval of
any of the  Transactions within five (5) business days after receipt of a
written  request from Parent that it do so if such request is made following
the  making by any Person of a Takeover Proposal; or   (d) by the
Company:   (i) if Parent or Merger Sub shall have breached or failed to
perform  any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements set
forth  in this Agreement, or if any representation or warranty of Parent or 
Merger Sub shall have become untrue, in either case such that the  conditions
set forth in Section 6.3(a) or (b) would not be satisfied (a  "Terminating
Parent Breach"); provided, however, that if such Terminating  Parent Breach
is curable by Parent or Merger Sub by the Initial Outside  Date or the
Outside Date, as the case may be, through    49   the exercise of
reasonable best efforts and for so long as Parent or  Merger Sub continues to
exercise such reasonable best efforts, the Company  may not terminate this
Agreement under this Section 7.1(d); or   (ii) if (A) the Company has not
breached Section 5.3 (other than  immaterial breaches that have not directly
or indirectly resulted in the  making of a Takeover Proposal), (B) the
Company Stockholder Approval has  not been obtained (other than as a result
of the breach of this Agreement  by the Company) and (C) concurrently the
Company enters into a definitive  Company Acquisition Agreement providing for
a Superior Proposal in  accordance with Section 5.3; provided that prior
thereto or simultaneously  therewith the Company shall have paid or caused to
be paid the Termination  Fee to Parent in accordance with Section 7.3 (and
such termination of this  Agreement by the Company shall not take effect
unless and until the  Termination Fee shall have been paid to Parent).  
SECTION 7.2 Effect of Termination. In the event of the termination of this
Agreement as provided in Section 7.1, written notice thereof shall be given
to the other party or parties, specifying the provision hereof pursuant
to which such termination is made, and this Agreement shall forthwith become
null and void (other than the provisions of the first sentence of Section
3.19, the penultimate sentence of Section 5.6, Sections 5.10, 7.2 and 7.3,
and Article VIII, all of which shall survive termination of this Agreement),
and there shall be no liability on the part of Parent, Merger Sub or the
Company or their respective directors, officers and Affiliates, except (i)
the Company may have liability as provided in Section 7.3, and (ii) nothing
shall relieve any party from liability for fraud or any willful breach of
this Agreement or willful misrepresentation herein.   SECTION 7.3
Termination Fee.   (a) In the event that (A)(x) this Agreement is terminated
by the Company or Parent pursuant to (i) Section 7.1(b)(i) (and (1) at the
time of such termination a vote to obtain the Company Stockholder Approval
has not been held, (2) prior to such termination a Takeover Proposal shall
have been made known to the Company or shall have been made directly to its
stockholders generally, or any Person shall have publicly announced an
intention (whether or not conditional or withdrawn) to make a Takeover
Proposal and (3) the failure to hold such vote is not the result of a breach
of this Agreement by Parent) or (ii) Section 7.1(b)(iii) (and, prior to such
termination, a Takeover Proposal shall have been made known to the Company
and announced or disclosed to the Company\'s stockholders or shall have been
made directly to its stockholders generally, or any Person shall have
publicly announced an intention (whether or not conditional or withdrawn) to
make a Takeover Proposal), and (y) within twelve (12) months of the date this
Agreement is terminated, the Company consummates any Takeover Proposal or
enters into a definitive agreement with respect to a transaction contemplated
by any Takeover Proposal that is subsequently consummated, (B) this Agreement
is terminated by Parent pursuant to Section 7.1(c)(iii) or (C) this Agreement
is terminated by the Company pursuant to Section 7.1(d)(ii), then in any such
event under clause (A), (B) or (C) of this Section 7.3(a), the Company shall
pay to Parent a    50  termination fee of $32,000,000 in cash (the
"Termination Fee"). For purposes of this Section 7.3, 40% shall be
substituted for 15% in the definition of Takeover Proposal.   (b) Any
payment required to be made pursuant to clause (A) of Section 7.3(a) shall be
made to Parent promptly following (and in any event not later than two
business days after) the consummation of any transaction contemplated by a
Takeover Proposal; any payment required to be made pursuant to clause (B) of
Section 7.3(a) shall be made to Parent promptly following (and in any event
not later than two business days after) termination of this Agreement by
Parent pursuant to Section 7.1(c)(iii)); any payment required to be
made pursuant to clause (C) of Section 7.3(a) shall be made to Parent prior
to or simultaneously with (and as a condition to the effectiveness of)
termination of this Agreement by the Company pursuant to Section 7.1
(d)(ii).   (c) In the event that the Company shall fail to pay the
Termination Fee required pursuant to this Section 7.3 when due, such fee
shall accrue interest for the period commencing on the date such fee became
past due, at a rate equal to the rate of interest publicly announced by
Citibank from time to time, in the City of New York, as such bank\'s Prime
Lending Rate. In addition, if the Company shall fail to pay such fee, when
due, the Company shall also pay to Parent all of Parent\'s costs and expenses
(including attorneys\' fees) in connection with efforts to collect such fee.
The Company acknowledges that the fee and the other provisions of this
Section 7.3 are an integral part of the Transactions and that, without these
agreements, Parent would not enter into this Agreement.   ARTICLE VIII  
Miscellaneous   SECTION 8.1 Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties.
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the representations,
warranties and agreements of each party hereto shall remain operative and in
full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of
any other party hereto, any Person controlling any such party or any of their
officers, directors or representatives, whether prior to or after the
execution of this Agreement, and no information provided or made available
shall be deemed to be disclosed in this Agreement or in the Company
Disclosure Schedule, except to the extent actually set forth herein or
therein. The representations, warranties and agreements in this Agreement
shall terminate at the Effective Time or, except as otherwise provided in
Section 7.2, upon the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1,
as the case may be, except that the agreements set forth in Article II and
Sections 5.8, 5.9, 5.10 and 5.11 and any other agreement in this Agreement
which contemplates performance after the Effective Time shall survive the
Effective Time indefinitely and those set forth in Sections 5.10, 7.2 and 7.3
and this Article VIII shall survive termination indefinitely.
The Confidentiality Agreement shall (i) survive termination of this Agreement
in accordance with its terms and (ii) terminate as of the Effective
Time.    51   SECTION 8.2 Amendment or Supplement. At any time prior to
the Effective Time, this Agreement may be amended or supplemented in any and
all respects, whether before or after receipt of the Company Stockholder
Approval, by written agreement of the parties hereto, by action taken by
their respective Boards of Directors; provided, however, that following
approval of the Transactions by the stockholders of the Company, there shall
be no amendment or change to the provisions hereof which by Law would require
further approval by the stockholders of the Company without such
approval.   SECTION 8.3 Extension of Time, Waiver, Etc. At any time prior to
the Effective Time, any party may, subject to applicable Law, (a) waive
any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of any other party
hereto, (b) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or
acts of any other party hereto or (c) waive compliance by the other party
with any of the agreements contained herein or, except as otherwise provided
herein, waive any of such party\'s conditions. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
no failure or delay by the Company, Parent or Merger Sub in exercising any
right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or
partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or
the exercise of any other right hereunder. Any agreement on the part of a
party hereto to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth
in an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such party.   SECTION 8.4
Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or
obligations hereunder shall be assigned, in whole or in part, by operation of
Law or otherwise, by any of the parties without the prior written consent of
the other parties, except that Merger Sub may assign, in its sole discretion,
any of or all its rights, interests and obligations under this Agreement to
any wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent, but no such assignment shall relieve
Merger Sub of any of its obligations hereunder. Subject to the
preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the
benefit of, and be enforceable by, the parties hereto and their respective
successors and permitted assigns. Any purported assignment not permitted
under this Section shall be null and void.   SECTION 8.5 Counterparts;
Facsimile; Electronic Transmission. This Agreement may be executed in
counterparts (each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of
which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement) and shall
become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of
the parties and delivered to the other parties. The exchange of copies of
this Agreement and of signature pages by facsimile or electronic transmission
shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Agreement as to the
parties and may be used in lieu of the original Agreement for all purposes.
Signatures of the parties transmitted by facsimile or electronic transmission
shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes.   SECTION
8.6 Entire Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement, the
Company Disclosure Schedule, the Confidentiality Agreement and the Joint
Defense Agreement (a) constitute the entire agreement, and supersede all
other prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among
the parties, or any of them, with respect to the subject matter hereof and
thereof and (b) except for the provisions of    52  Section 5.8, are not
intended to and shall not confer upon any Person other than the parties
hereto any rights or remedies hereunder.   SECTION 8.7 Governing Law; Waiver
of Jury Trial.   (a) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the
principles of conflicts of laws thereof.   (b) Each of the parties hereto
hereby irrevocably waives any and all rights to trial by jury in any legal
proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement or the
Transactions.   SECTION 8.8 Specific Enforcement. The parties agree that
irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of
this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or
were otherwise breached.   It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall
be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this
Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this
Agreement in the Chancery Court located in the City of Wilmington, State of
Delaware, without bond or other security being required, this being in
addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in
equity.   SECTION 8.9 Consent to Jurisdiction. Each of the parties hereto
(i) consents to submit itself to the personal jurisdiction of the Chancery
Court located in the City of Wilmington, State of Delaware, in the event any
dispute arises out of this Agreement or any of the Transactions, (ii) agrees
that it will not attempt to deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction by
motion or other request for leave from any such court and (iii) agrees that
it will not bring any action relating to this Agreement or any of the
Transactions in any court other than the Chancery Court located in the City
of Wilmington, State of Delaware.   SECTION 8.10 Notices. All notices,
requests and other communications to any party hereunder shall be in writing
and shall be deemed given if delivered personally, facsimiled (which is
confirmed) or sent by overnight courier (providing proof of delivery) to the
parties at the following addresses:    53   If to Parent or Merger Sub,
to:   GE Infrastructure  187 Danbury Road  Wilton, CT 06897  Attention:
General Counsel  Facsimile: (203) 761-1924   with copies (which shall not
constitute notice) to:   General Electric Company  3135 Easton Turnpike 
Fairfield, CT 06431  Attention: Vice President and Senior Counsel,
Transactions  Facsimile: (203) 373-3008   and   Weil, Gotshal and Manges
LLP  767 Fifth Avenue  New York, NY 10153  Attention: Howard Chatzinoff,
Esq.  Facsimile: (212) 310-8007   If to the Company, to:   Invision
Technologies, Inc  7151 Gateway Blvd.  Newark, CA 94560  Attention: Andrew
D. Siegel  Facsimile: (510) 608-0770   with a copy (which shall not
constitute notice) to:   Cooley Godward LLP  Five Palo Alto Square  3000
El Camino Real  Palo Alto, CA 94306  Attention: Keith A. Flaum, Esq. 
Facsimile: (650) 849-7400  or such other address or facsimile number as such
party may hereafter specify for the purpose by notice to the other parties
hereto. All such notices, requests and other communications shall be deemed
received on the date of receipt by the recipient thereof if received prior to
5:00 P.M. in the place of receipt and such day is a business day in the place
of receipt. Otherwise, any such notice, request or communication shall be
deemed not to have been received until the next succeeding business day in
the place of receipt.    54   SECTION 8.11 Severability. If any term or
other provision of this Agreement is determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any
rule of law or public policy, all other terms, provisions and conditions of
this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect. Upon such
determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or
incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith
to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties
as closely as possible to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in
an acceptable manner to the end that the Transactions are fulfilled to the
extent possible.   SECTION 8.12 Definitions.   (a) As used in this
Agreement, the following terms have the meanings ascribed thereto below:  
"Affiliate" shall mean, as to any Person, any other Person that, directly or
indirectly, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with,
such Person. For this purpose, "control" (including, with its correlative
meanings, "controlled by" and "under common control with") shall mean the
possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause
the direction of management or policies of a Person, whether through the
ownership of securities or partnership or other ownership interests, by
contract or otherwise.   "business day" shall mean a day except a Saturday,
a Sunday or other day on which the SEC or banks in the City of New York are
authorized or required by Law to be closed.   "Code" shall mean the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder.   "Company NDT Business" shall mean the non-
destructive testing business of Yxlon International Holding GmbH and its
Subsidiaries (other than Yxlon International Security GmbH) and Yxlon
International Inc., including the employees of such business.   "Company
Stock Plans" shall mean the following plans of the Company: InVision 1991
Equity Incentive Plan, InVision 2000 Non-Officer Equity Incentive Plan,
InVision 2000 Equity Incentive Plan, InVision Change in Control
Equity Acceleration Plan, InVision 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and
Quantum Magnetics 1994 Qualified and Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan.  
"Filed Company SEC Documents" means the Company SEC Documents filed by the
Company and publicly available prior to the date of this Agreement and the
2003 Form 10-K.   "GAAP" shall mean generally accepted accounting principles
in the United States.    55   "Government Contract" means a Contract
between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
Affiliates (excluding natural persons and entities controlled by such
persons) on the one hand, and any Governmental Authority on the other hand,
including any facilities Contract for the use of government-owned facilities.
Government Contracts include, as appropriate, all bids and proposals
submitted to any Governmental Authority by the Company, any of its
Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates (excluding natural persons
and entities controlled by such persons) that may result in the award of a
Government Contract.   "Government Subcontract" means a Contract that is a
subcontract between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their
respective Affiliates (excluding natural persons and entities controlled by
such persons) on the one hand, and any third party on the other hand,
relating to a Contract between such third party and (a) any Governmental
Authority or (b) another party where the ultimate contracting party is a
Governmental Authority. Government Subcontract includes all bids and
proposals submitted to any party that may result in the award of a Government
Subcontract.   "Governmental Authority" shall mean any government,
court, arbitrator, regulatory or administrative agency, commission or
authority or other governmental instrumentality, federal, state or local,
domestic, foreign or multinational.   "Governmental Damages" shall mean (i)
any penalties or fines paid by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to a
Governmental Authority or (ii) any restitution paid by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries to a third party, in each case, resulting from the (x)
conviction (including as a result of the entry of a guilty plea, a consent
judgment or a plea of nolo contendre) of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries of a crime or (y) settlement with a Governmental Authority for
the purpose of closing a Governmental Investigation.   "Governmental
Investigation" shall mean an investigation by a Governmental Authority for
the purpose of imposing criminal sanctions on the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries.   "HSR Act" shall mean the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended.   "Intellectual Property" of any
Person shall mean all intellectual property rights arising from or in respect
of the following, whether protected, created or arising under any Law,
including: (i) all patents and applications therefor, including
continuations, divisionals, continuations-in-part, or reissues of patent
applications and patents issuing thereon (collectively, "Patents"); (ii) all
trademarks, service marks, trade names, service names, brand names, trade
dress rights, logos, Internet domain names and corporate names, together with
the goodwill associated with any of the foregoing, and all applications,
registrations and renewals thereof, (collectively, "Marks"); (iii) copyrights
and registrations and applications therefor, works of authorship and mask
work rights (collectively, "Copyrights"); (iv) discoveries, concepts, ideas,
research and development, know-how, formulae, inventions,
compositions, manufacturing and production processes    56  and
techniques, technical data, procedures, designs, drawings,
specifications, databases and other proprietary and confidential information,
including customer lists, supplier lists, pricing and cost information, and
business and marketing plans and proposals, in each case excluding any rights
in respect of any of the foregoing that comprise or are protected by
Copyrights or Patents (collectively, "Trade Secrets"); and (v) all
Software.   "Intellectual Property License" shall mean any grant to a Person
of any right to use any Intellectual Property.   "Joint Defense Agreement"
shall mean that Joint Defense Agreement among Parent, the Company and the
other parties thereto.   "Knowledge" of any Person that is not an individual
shall mean, with respect to any matter in question, the actual knowledge
after due inquiry of such Person\'s executive officers and all other officers
and managers having primary responsibility relating to the applicable
matter.   "Options" shall mean options representing the right to
acquire shares of Company Common Stock.   "Person" shall mean an
individual, a corporation, a limited liability company, a partnership, an
association, a trust or any other entity, including a Governmental
Authority.   "Software" means any and all (i) computer programs, including
any and all software implementations of algorithms, models and
methodologies, whether in source code or object code, (ii) databases and
compilations, including any and all data and collections of data, whether
machine readable or otherwise, (iii) descriptions, flow-charts and other work
product used to design, plan, organize and develop any of the foregoing,
screens, user interfaces, report formats, firmware, development tools,
templates, menus, buttons and icons, and (iv) documentation including user
manuals and other training documentation related to any of the foregoing.  
"Subsidiary" when used with respect to any party, shall mean any corporation,
limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other entity
the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of such party in such
party\'s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements
were prepared in accordance with GAAP, as well as any other corporation,
limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other entity of
which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50% of
the equity or more than 50% of the ordinary voting power (or, in the case of
a partnership, more than 50% of the general partnership interests) are, as of
such date, owned by such party or one or more Subsidiaries of such party or
by such party and one or more Subsidiaries of such party.   "Technology"
shall mean, collectively, all designs, formulae, algorithms, procedures,
methods, techniques, ideas, know-how, research and development, technical
data, programs, subroutines, tools, materials, specifications, processes,
inventions (whether patentable or unpatentable and whether or not reduced to
practice), apparatus,    57  creations, improvements, works of authorship
and other similar materials, and all recordings, graphs, drawings, reports,
analyses, and other writings, and other tangible embodiments of the
foregoing, in any form whether or not specifically listed herein, and all
related technology.   "Transactions" refers collectively to this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Merger, and the
transactions contemplated thereby.   The following terms are defined on the
page of this Agreement set forth after such term below:  2003 Form
10-K..............................................................
11 Agreement...................................................................
1 Appraisal
Shares............................................................ 3 Balance
Sheet Date..........................................................
13 Bankruptcy and Equity
Exception.............................................
10 Certificate.................................................................
3 Certificate of
Merger.......................................................
1 Closing.....................................................................
1 Closing
Date................................................................
1 COBRA.......................................................................
20 Company.....................................................................
1 Company Acquisition
Agreement............................................... 38 Company Board
Recommendation................................................ 10 Company
Charter Documents...................................................
8 Company Common
Stock........................................................ 2 Company
Disclosure Schedule.................................................
6 Company Material Adverse
Effect............................................. 7 Company
Plans...............................................................
17 Company Preferred
Stock..................................................... 8 Company SEC
Documents....................................................... 11 Company
Stockholder Approval................................................
10 Company Stockholders
Meeting................................................ 33 Competition
Laws............................................................
42 Confidentiality
Agreement...................................................
42 Contract....................................................................
10 Convertible
Notes........................................................... 8 DandO;
Insurance...............................................................
44 Deutsche
Bank...............................................................
30 DGCL........................................................................
1 DOJ.........................................................................
41 Dresdner....................................................................
30 Effective
Time.............................................................. 2 Embedded
Licenses...........................................................
24 Employees...................................................................
17 Engagement
Letters..........................................................
30 ERISA.......................................................................
17 ERISA
Affiliates............................................................
18 Exchange
Act................................................................ 11 Export
Control Requirements.................................................
14 Fairness
Opinions...........................................................
30 Foreign Antitrust
Laws......................................................
11 FTC.........................................................................
41 Indemnitees.................................................................
43 Indenture...................................................................
8 Initial Outside
Date........................................................ 48 Intellectual
Property Rights................................................ 27 labor
organization..........................................................
20 Laws........................................................................
14 Liens.......................................................................
8 Material
Contract...........................................................
24 Merger......................................................................
1 Merger
Consideration........................................................
3 Merger
Sub..................................................................
1 Multiemployer
Plan..........................................................
17 Notice......................................................................
39 Option......................................................................
5 Option
Consideration........................................................
5 Outside
Date................................................................
48 Parent......................................................................
1 Parent Material Adverse
Effect.............................................. 32 Paying
Agent................................................................
4 Payment
Fund................................................................
4 PBGC........................................................................
19 Permits.....................................................................
15 Policies....................................................................
29 Protected
Period............................................................ 44 Proxy
Statement.............................................................
10 Representatives.............................................................
37 Restraints..................................................................
46 SEC.........................................................................
6 Section
203.................................................................
30 Section
262................................................................. 3   
58  Securities
Act..............................................................
8 Subsidiary
Documents........................................................ 8 Superior
Proposal...........................................................
40 Surviving
Corporation....................................................... 1 Takeover
Proposal........................................................... 39 Tax
Returns.................................................................
16 Taxes.......................................................................
16 Terminating Company
Breach.................................................. 49 Terminating
Parent Breach...................................................
49 Termination
Fee.............................................................
51 WARN........................................................................
21   SECTION 8.13 Interpretation.   (a) When a reference is made in this
Agreement to an Article, a Section, Exhibit or Schedule, such reference shall
be to an Article of, a Section of, or an Exhibit or Schedule to, this
Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The table of contents and headings
contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not
affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever
the words "include", "includes" or "including" are used in this Agreement,
they shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without limitation". The
words "hereof", "herein" and "hereunder" and words of similar import when
used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to
any particular provision of this Agreement. All terms defined in this
Agreement shall have the defined meanings when used in any certificate or
other document made or delivered pursuant hereto unless otherwise defined
therein. The definitions contained in this Agreement are applicable to the
singular as well as the plural forms of such terms and to the masculine
as well as to the feminine and neuter genders of such term. Any
agreement, instrument or statute defined or referred to herein or in any
agreement or instrument that is referred to herein means such agreement,
instrument or statute as from time to time amended, modified or supplemented,
including (in the case of agreements or instruments) by waiver or consent and
(in the case of statutes) by succession of comparable successor statutes and
references to all attachments thereto and instruments incorporated therein.
References to a Person are also to its permitted successors and assigns.  
(b) The parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and
drafting of this Agreement and, in the event an ambiguity or question
of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as
jointly drafted by the parties hereto and no presumption or burden of proof
shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of
any provision of this Agreement.   [signature page follows]    59   IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly
executed and delivered as of the date first above written.   GENERAL
ELECTRIC COMPANY     By: /s/ William A. Woodburn 
-------------------------------------  Name: William A. Woodburn  Title:
President and CEO  GE Infrastructure     JET ACQUISITION SUB,
INC.     By: /s/ Derek Feng  ------------------------------------- 
Name: Derek Feng  Title: Vice President     INVISION TECHNOLOGIES,
INC.     By: /s/ Sergio Magistri  ------------------------------------- 
Name: Sergio Magistri  Title: President and CEO     By: /s/ Donald
Mattson  -------------------------------------  Name: Donald E. Mattson 
Title: Senior Vice President and COO    [AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
MERGER]    '

