 EXHIBIT 2.1     EXHIBIT 2.1   Execution
copy   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   BY AND BETWEEN   JDA SOFTWARE
GROUP, INC.,   STANLEY ACQUISITION CORP.   AND   MANUGISTICS GROUP,
INC.   APRIL 24, 2006     TABLE OF CONTENTS     PAGE  ----  ~~
 ARTICLE 1 THE MERGER.....................................................
2  1.1 The Merger..................................................... 2 
1.2 Closing........................................................ 2  1.3
Effective Time................................................. 2  1.4
Effects of the Merger.......................................... 2  1.5
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws........................ 2  1.6
Directors and Officers......................................... 3 ARTICLE 2
EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON THE CAPITAL STOCK OF THE COMPANY AND  MERGER SUB;
EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES........................... 3  2.1 Effect on Capital
Stock........................................ 3  2.2 Exchange of
Certificates....................................... 5 ARTICLE 3
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES................................. 7  3.1
Representations and Warranties of the Company.................. 7  3.2
Representations and Warranties of Parent and Merger Sub........ 30 ARTICLE 4
COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS...................... 32  4.1
Conduct of Business............................................ 32  4.2 No
Solicitation by the Company................................. 36  4.3
ESPP........................................................... 38  4.4
Rights Agreement............................................... 39  4.5
Employee Benefit Matters....................................... 39  4.6
Confidentiality................................................ 39 ARTICLE 5
ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS.......................................... 39  5.1
Preparation of the Proxy Statement; Stockholders Meeting; Other  Board
Actions.................................................. 39  5.2 Access to
Information; Confidentiality; Cooperation with 
Financing...................................................... 40  5.3
Regulatory Approvals; Further Actions.......................... 41  5.4
Takeover Statutes.............................................. 42  5.5
Public Announcements........................................... 42  5.6
Directors\' and Officers\' Insurance and Indemnification......... 42  5.7
Company Stock Plans............................................ 43  5.8 Debt
Tender Offer.............................................. 43  5.9
Financing...................................................... 44  5.10
Employee Matters............................................... 44     
TABLE OF CONTENTS   (continued)     PAGE  ----  ~~   5.11 Change of
Control and Related Matters.......................... 44  5.12 Audited
Financial Statements................................... 45  5.13 Letters of
Credit.............................................. 45 ARTICLE 6 CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT........................................... 45  6.1 Conditions to
Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect the Merger..... 45  6.2 Conditions to
Obligation of Parent and Merger Sub.............. 46  6.3 Conditions to
Obligation of the Company........................ 48 ARTICLE 7 TERMINATION,
AMENDMENT AND WAIVER.............................. 48  7.1
Termination.................................................... 48  7.2
Effect of Termination.......................................... 50  7.3 Fees
and Expenses.............................................. 50  7.4
Amendment...................................................... 51  7.5
Extension; Waiver.............................................. 51 ARTICLE 8
GENERAL PROVISIONS............................................. 52  8.1
Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties.................. 52  8.2
Notices........................................................ 52  8.3
Certain Definitions............................................ 53  8.4
Interpretation................................................. 57  8.5
Counterparts................................................... 58  8.6
Entire Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries................. 58  8.7
Governing Law.................................................. 58  8.8
Assignment..................................................... 58  8.9
Consent to Jurisdiction........................................ 58  8.10
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL........................................... 59  8.11
Enforcement.................................................... 59  8.12
Severability...................................................
59   Schedule A - List of Company Stockholders  Exhibit A - Form of
Voting Agreement    AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   This AGREEMENT AND
PLAN OF MERGER (this "Agreement"), dated as of April 24, 2006, is entered
into by and between JDA Software Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Parent"), Stanley Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly
owned subsidiary of Parent ("Merger Sub"), and Manugistics Group, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (the "Company").   WITNESSETH:   WHEREAS, upon the
terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement and in accordance with
the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL"), Parent, Merger Sub and the
Company will enter into a business combination transaction pursuant to which
Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company (the "Merger"); and  
WHEREAS, each of the Boards of Directors of Parent, Merger Sub and
the Company (i) has determined that the Merger is fair to, and in the best
interests of, the corporation and its stockholders and (ii) has approved this
Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement; and   WHEREAS, Parent, Merger Sub and the Company desire to make
certain representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in connection
with the Merger and also to prescribe various conditions to the Merger;
and   WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery of
this Agreement and as a condition and inducement to Parent\'s willingness to
enter into this Agreement, the stockholders of the Company listed on Schedule
A are executing and delivering one or more Voting Agreements, dated as of the
date of this Agreement, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the
"Voting Agreements") pursuant to which such stockholders are, among other
things, agreeing to vote in favor of the adoption of and otherwise to support
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby; and   WHEREAS,
Parent shall obtain certain debt and equity financing, as more fully
described in Section 3.2(f) below (together, the "Financing"), in connection
with the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement;
and   WHEREAS, Section 8.3 of this Agreement contains certain
definitions and a list of references to defined terms.   NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and agreements herein
contained, and intending to be legally bound hereby, Parent, Merger Sub and
the Company hereby agree as follows:    1     ARTICLE 1   THE
MERGER   1.1 The Merger. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in this Agreement, and in accordance with the DGCL, Merger Sub shall be
merged with and into the Company at the Effective Time. Following the
Effective Time, the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub shall cease,
and the Company shall continue as the surviving corporation (sometimes
referred to herein as the "Surviving Corporation") and shall succeed to and
assume all the rights and obligations of Merger Sub in accordance with the
DGCL.   1.2 Closing. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
in this Agreement, the closing of the Merger (the "Closing") shall take place
at the offices of DLA Piper Rudnick Gray Cary US LLP, located at 1221 South
Mopac Expressway, Suite 400, Austin, Texas at noon, Central time, on a date
to be specified by the Parties to this Agreement, which shall be no later
than two Business Days after satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set
forth in ARTICLE 6 (other than delivery of items to be delivered at the
Closing and other than satisfaction of those conditions that by their nature
are to be satisfied at the Closing, it being understood that the occurrence
of the Closing shall remain subject to the delivery of such items and the
satisfaction or waiver of such conditions at the Closing) or such other date
and time as mutually agreed to by the Parties (the "Closing Date").   1.3
Effective Time. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in
this Agreement, as soon as practicable after the Closing and on the
Closing Date, the Parties shall file with the Delaware Secretary of State
the certificate of merger (the "Certificate of Merger") and such other
documents as may be required by the DGCL in order for the Merger to become
effective, duly prepared, executed and acknowledged by the Parties, as
applicable. The Merger shall become effective upon the filing of the
Certificate of Merger with the Delaware Secretary of State unless Parent and
the Company agree to a subsequent date or time and specify such date and time
in the Certificate of Merger (the time the Merger becomes effective being
hereinafter referred to as the "Effective Time").   1.4 Effects of the
Merger. The Merger shall have the effects specified in the DGCL. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the
Effective Time all the property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of
the Company and Merger Sub shall be vested in the Surviving Corporation, and
all debts, liabilities and duties of the Company and Merger Sub shall become
the debts, liabilities and duties of the Surviving Corporation.   1.5
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws.   (a) At the Effective Time, the
Certificate of Incorporation of the Company as the Surviving Corporation
shall be amended and restated to read the same as the Certificate of
Incorporation of Merger Sub as in effect immediately prior to the Effective
Time, except that Article I thereof shall be amended to read in its entirety
as follows: "The name of the Corporation is Manugistics Group, Inc." As so
amended and restated, the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company shall
be the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until
thereafter changed or amended as provided therein or by applicable Law.   
2     (b) At the Effective Time, the Bylaws of the Company shall be
amended and restated to read the same as the Bylaws of Merger Sub as in
effect immediately prior to the Effective Time (except that all references to
Merger Sub in the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation shall be amended to
refer to Manugistics Group, Inc.) until thereafter changed or amended as
provided therein or by applicable Law.   1.6 Directors and Officers.  
(a) The directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall
be the initial directors of the Surviving Corporation, each to hold office in
accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving
Corporation.   (b) The officers of Merger Sub immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be the initial officers of the Surviving Corporation,
each to hold office in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation and
Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation.   ARTICLE 2   EFFECT OF THE MERGER
ON THE CAPITAL STOCK OF THE  COMPANY AND MERGER SUB; EXCHANGE OF
CERTIFICATES   2.1 Effect on Capital Stock. As of the Effective Time, by
virtue of the Merger and without any further action on the part of the holder
of any shares of capital stock of the Company, Parent or Merger Sub:   (a)
Cancellation of Treasury Stock. Each share of common stock, par value $0.002
per share, of the Company ("Company Common Stock") that is directly owned by
the Company (as treasury stock), any wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company,
Parent or Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time
shall automatically be cancelled and shall cease to exist, and no
consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor.   (b) Conversion of
Merger Sub Common Stock. Each issued and outstanding share of common stock of
Merger Sub shall be converted into one fully paid and non-assessable share of
common stock of the Surviving Corporation.   (c) Conversion of Company
Common Stock. Subject to Section 2.1(d), each issued and outstanding share of
Company Common Stock (other than shares to be cancelled in accordance with
Section 2.1(a)) shall be converted, as of the Effective Time, into the right
to receive $2.50 per share, in cash (the "Merger Consideration"). The phrase
"Total Merger Consideration" as used in this Agreement shall be equal to the
product obtained by multiplying (i) 84,142,830 outstanding shares of Company
Common Stock (which number shall be increased as a result of the exercise of
Options outstanding as of the date of this Agreement, if any, between the
date of this Agreement and the Effective Time and the issuance of shares of
Company Common Stock pursuant to the ESPP between the date of this Agreement
and May 31, 2006), by (ii) the Merger Consideration. At the Effective Time,
all such shares of Company Common Stock shall no longer be outstanding and
shall automatically be cancelled and shall cease to exist, and each holder of
a certificate representing any such shares shall cease to have any rights
with respect thereto, except the right to receive such holder\'s Merger
Consideration    3    for each share of Company Common Stock evidenced
by the certificate held by such holder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Merger Consideration shall be adjusted to reflect fully the effect of any
stock split, reverse split, reclassification, reorganization,
recapitalization or other like change with respect to Company Common Stock
occurring (or having a record date) after the date of this Agreement and
prior to the Effective Time.   (d) Appraisal Rights. Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, shares of Company Common Stock
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time that are held
by any holder who (i) has not voted such shares of Company Common Stock in
favor of the Merger at the Stockholders Meeting, (ii) is entitled to demand
and properly demands appraisal of such shares pursuant to Section 262 of the
DGCL ("Section 262") and complies in all respects with the provisions of
Section 262 and (iii) has not effectively withdrawn or lost the right to
demand relief as a dissenting stockholder under the DGCL as of the Effective
Time (the "Appraisal Shares"), shall not be converted into the right to
receive the Merger Consideration as provided in Section 2.1(c), but instead
such holder of Appraisal Shares shall only be entitled to payment of the fair
value of such shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 262. At the
Effective Time, all Appraisal Shares shall automatically be cancelled and
shall cease to exist or be outstanding, and each holder of Appraisal Shares
shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except such rights as
are granted under Section 262. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any such
holder shall fail to perfect or otherwise shall waive, withdraw or lose the
right to appraisal under Section 262 or a court of competent jurisdiction
shall determine that such holder is not entitled to the relief provided by
Section 262, then the rights of such holder under Section 262 shall cease to
exist and such Appraisal Shares shall be deemed to have been converted at the
Effective Time into, and shall have become, the right to receive such
holder\'s Merger Consideration as provided in Section 2.1(c). The Company
shall serve prompt notice to Parent of any demands for appraisal of
any shares of Company Common Stock, and Parent shall have the right to
participate in and, subject to applicable Law, direct all negotiations and
proceedings with respect to such demands. The Company shall not, without the
prior written consent of Parent, make any payment with respect to, or settle
or offer to settle, any such demands, or agree to do any of the
foregoing.   (e) Options, Purchase Rights and Warrants.   (i) The holder
of each Option outstanding as of the date of this Agreement that has not been
exercised prior to the Effective Time shall be entitled to receive an amount
of cash equal to the product of the following: (i) the excess, if any, of (A)
the per share Merger Consideration over (B) the exercise price per share of
the Company Common Stock subject to such Option, multiplied by (ii) the
number of shares of Company Common Stock issuable pursuant to the portion of
such Option that is vested and unexercised immediately prior to the Effective
Time. No amount greater than the amount provided under the first sentence of
this subparagraph may be paid to any option holder in respect of any Option.
The Company shall take all necessary actions including, without limitation,
issuing or obtaining all notices or consents that the Company may, in its
sole discretion consider necessary or desirable to effect the provisions of
this Section 2.1(e)(i). The Surviving Corporation shall abide by the terms of
the warrants to acquire Company Common Stock outstanding as of the date of
this Agreement and listed on Schedule 2.1(e)(i).    4     (ii) All
amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.1(e)(i) shall be subject to any
required withholding of Taxes and shall be paid at or as soon as reasonably
practicable following the Effective Time, without interest.   (iii)
Outstanding rights to purchase shares of Company Common Stock under the ESPP
shall terminate, all in accordance with the terms of the ESPP and Section
4.3.   2.2 Exchange of Certificates.   (a) Paying Agent. Prior to the
Effective Time, Parent shall designate a bank or trust company reasonably
satisfactory to the Company to act as paying agent for payment of the Merger
Consideration (the "Paying Agent"). At the Effective Time, Parent shall, or
shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, deposit with the Paying Agent cash
in the amount of the Total Merger Consideration. Subject to Section 2.2(d),
pending distribution pursuant to Section 2.2(b) of the cash deposited with
the Paying Agent, such cash shall be held in trust for the benefit of the
holders of shares of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding prior to the
Effective Time that are to be cancelled in the Merger and such cash shall not
be used for any other purposes. Any cash deposited with the Paying Agent
which has not been distributed pursuant to Section 2.2(b) on or prior to the
date which is one year after the Effective Time shall be turned over to
Parent, subject to applicable law; provided, however, that any and all
interest earned at any time on the cash deposited with the Paying Agent shall
inure to the benefit of, and belong to, Parent.   (b) Exchange Procedure. As
soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Time, the Surviving
Corporation shall cause the Paying Agent to mail to each holder of record of
a certificate or certificates which immediately prior to the Effective Time
represented outstanding shares of Company Common Stock whose shares were
converted into the right to receive such holder\'s ratable portion of the
Total Merger Consideration (the "Certificates"), (i) a letter of transmittal
(which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and
title to the Certificates held by such Person shall pass, only upon the
proper delivery of the Certificates to the Paying Agent and shall be in a
form and have such other provisions as Parent may reasonably specify) and
(ii) instructions as specified by the Paying Agent or Parent for use in
effecting the surrender of the Certificates in exchange for the Merger
Consideration. Upon surrender of a Certificate for cancellation to the Paying
Agent or to such other agent or agents as may be appointed by Parent,
together with such letter of transmittal, duly completed and executed, and
such other instructions, the holder of such Certificate shall be entitled to
receive in exchange therefor, and the Paying Agent shall promptly distribute
to such holder, the amount of cash into which the shares of Company Common
Stock theretofore represented by such Certificate shall have been converted
pursuant to Section 2.1(c), and the Certificate so surrendered shall
forthwith be cancelled. In the event of a transfer of ownership of shares of
Company Common Stock that is not registered in the transfer records of the
Company, payment may be made to a Person other than the Person in whose name
the Certificate so surrendered is registered, if such Certificate shall be
properly endorsed or otherwise be in proper form for transfer and the Person
requesting such payment shall pay any transfer or other taxes required by
reason of the payment to a Person other than the registered holder of such
Certificate or establish to the satisfaction of Parent that such tax has been
paid or is not applicable. Until surrendered as contemplated by this Section
2.2(b), each Certificate shall be deemed at any time after the   
5    Effective Time to represent only the right to receive upon such
surrender, with respect to each share of Company the Merger Consideration,
without interest, into which the shares of Company Common Stock theretofore
represented by such Certificate shall have been converted pursuant to Section
2.1(c). No interest will be paid or will accrue on the cash payable upon the
surrender of any Certificate.   (c) No Further Ownership Rights in Company
Common Stock. All cash paid upon the surrender of Certificates in accordance
with the terms of this ARTICLE 2 shall be deemed to have been paid in full
satisfaction of all rights pertaining to the shares of Company Common Stock
theretofore represented by such Certificates. At the close of business on the
day on which the Effective Time occurs, the stock transfer books of the
Company shall be closed, and there shall be no further registration of
transfers on the stock transfer books of the Surviving Corporation of the
shares of Company Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time. If, after the Effective Time, Certificates are presented to
the Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent for any reason, they shall be
cancelled and exchanged as provided in this ARTICLE 2.   (d) No Liability.
None of Parent, Merger Sub, the Company or the Paying Agent shall be liable
to any Person in respect of any cash delivered to a public official pursuant
to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar Law. If any
Certificate shall not have been surrendered prior to seven years after the
Effective Time (or immediately prior to such earlier date on which any Merger
Consideration would otherwise escheat to or become the property of any
Governmental Entity), the Merger Consideration shall, to the extent permitted
by applicable Law, become the property of the Surviving Corporation, free and
clear of all claims or interest of any Person previously
entitled thereto.   (e) Lost Certificates. If any Certificate shall have
been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact
by the Person claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and,
if required by Parent, the posting by such Person of a bond in such
reasonable amount as Parent may direct as indemnity against any claim that
may be made against it with respect to such Certificate, the Paying Agent
will pay to the holder of such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate, such
holder\'s Merger Consideration with respect to each share of Company Common
Stock formerly represented by such Certificate.   (f) Withholding Rights.
Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent shall be entitled to
deduct and withhold any applicable taxes from the consideration otherwise
payable pursuant to this Agreement to any holder of shares of Company Common
Stock. To the extent that amounts are so deducted and withheld and paid over
to the appropriate taxing authority by Parent, the Surviving Corporation or
the Paying Agent, such deducted and withheld amounts shall be treated for all
purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the stockholder in respect
of which such deduction and withholding was made by Parent, the Surviving
Corporation or the Paying Agent.    6     ARTICLE 3   REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES   3.1 Representations and Warranties of the Company. The
Company represents and warrants to Parent and Merger Sub that, except as
expressly set forth in the written disclosure schedule prepared by the
Company which is dated as of the date of this Agreement and arranged in
sections corresponding to the numbered and lettered sections contained in
this ARTICLE 3 and was previously delivered to Parent in connection herewith
(the "Disclosure Schedule"), as of the date of this Agreement and as of the
Closing Date, except where another date is specified:   (a) Organization,
Standing and Corporate Power. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is a
corporation or other legal entity duly organized, validly existing and in
good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction in which it is organized and
has the requisite corporate or other power, as the case may be, and authority
necessary to enable it to own, lease or otherwise hold its properties and
assets and to conduct its businesses as currently conducted. Each of the
Company and its Subsidiaries is duly qualified or licensed to do business and
is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the nature of its business
or the ownership or leasing of its properties or operations makes such
qualification or licensing necessary, other than (i) in any jurisdiction that
does not recognize the concept of good standing, and (ii) in such
jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified or licensed or to be in
good standing could not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on the Company. The Company has delivered or Made Available to
Parent, prior to the execution of this Agreement, complete and correct copies
of its Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, in each case as amended to
the date of this Agreement. Except as set forth in Section 3.1(a) of the
Disclosure Schedule, the Company has Made Available to Parent true and
complete copies of the minute books of the Company as of the date of this
Agreement (except for minutes and consents of the Company\'s Board of
Directors or any committee thereof relating to the evaluation of the
transactions contemplated hereby and the consideration of strategic
alternatives relating to the Company).   (b) Subsidiaries; Equity Interests.
Section 3.1(b) of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth (i) a list of the
Subsidiaries of the Company, (ii) the issued and outstanding shares of
capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests in, each such
Subsidiary and (iii) the registered and beneficial holders of such shares or
other equity or voting interests in each such Subsidiary. All the outstanding
shares of capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests in, each such
Subsidiary have been validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable and
are owned by the Company or a direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of
the Company (other than directors\' or nominees\' qualifying shares in the
case of the Company\'s foreign Subsidiaries), free and clear of all
mortgages, pledges, assessments, claims, liens, charges, security interests
and other encumbrances of any kind or nature whatsoever
(collectively, "Liens"). Except for the capital stock of, or other equity or
voting interests in, the Subsidiaries listed in Section 3.1(b) of the
Disclosure Schedule, the Company does not own, directly or indirectly, any
capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests in, any Person. The
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws (or other organizational documents)
of each Subsidiary of the Company have been delivered or Made Available to
Parent.    7     (c) Capital Structure.   (i) The authorized capital
stock of the Company consists of 300,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock
and 4,620,253 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share ("Company
Preferred Stock"). Of the 4,620,253 shares of Company Preferred Stock that
are authorized for issuance, 300,000 shares have been designated as Series A
Junior Stock, all of which shares have been reserved for issuance under the
Company\'s Rights Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2004, between the
Company and Equiserve Trust Company, N.A. (the "Rights Agreement"). As of
April 20, 2006, (A) 84,142,830 shares of Company Common Stock are issued and
outstanding, (B) 7,418 shares of Company Common Stock are issued and held by
the Company in its treasury and (C) no shares of Company Preferred Stock are
issued and outstanding, or issued and held by the Company in its
treasury.   (ii) As of April 20, 2006 and regarding options,
stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units or any
other awards which grant a right to purchase shares of Company Common Stock
(each an "Option", and collectively, "Options"):   (A) the Company has
reserved 20,475,800 shares of Common Stock for issuance to employees,
consultants and directors pursuant to the Company\'s Amended and Restated
1998 Stock Option Plan (the "1998 Stock Plan"), of which 4,305,818 shares
have been issued pursuant to exercises of options or restricted stock awards,
10,478,639 shares are subject to outstanding, unexercised options and
restricted stock awards, and 5,691,343 shares are available for issuance
thereunder;   (B) the Company has reserved 4,446,390 shares of Common Stock
for issuance to employees, consultants and directors pursuant to
the Company\'s 2000 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (the "2000 Stock Plan"),
of which 68,809 shares have been issued pursuant to option exercises, 182,402
shares are subject to outstanding, unexercised options, and no shares are
available for issuance thereunder;   (C) the Company has reserved
12,270,244 shares of Common Stock for issuance to employees, consultants and
directors pursuant to the Company\'s Fifth Amended and Restated Employee
Stock Option Plan (formerly, the 1994 Employee Stock Option Plan) (the "1994
Stock Plan"), of which 8,940,457 shares have been issued pursuant to option
exercises, 189,868 shares are subject to outstanding, unexercised options,
and no shares are available for issuance thereunder;   (D) the Company has
reserved 385,000 shares of Common Stock for issuance to employees,
consultants and directors pursuant to the Company\'s 1994 Outside Directors
Non-qualified Stock Option Plan (the "1994 Director Plan"), of which 129,672
shares have been issued pursuant to option exercises, 180,000 shares are
subject to outstanding, unexercised options, and no shares are available for
issuance thereunder;   (E) the Company has reserved 42,946,766 shares of
Company Common Stock for issuance to employees under the Company\'s Employee
Stock Purchase Plan (the "ESPP" and, collectively with the 1998 Stock Plan,
the 2000 Stock Plan, the 1994 Stock Plan, and the 1994 Director Plan, the
"Company Stock Plans", and each, a "Company Stock    8    Plan"), of
which 16,099,393 shares have been issued pursuant to the exercise of purchase
rights and 8,159,472 shares are available for issuance thereunder.
The current "Payroll Deduction Period" (as defined in the ESPP) commenced
under the ESPP on March 1, 2006 and will end on May 31, 2006, and except for
the purchase rights granted on such commencement date to participants in the
current Payroll Deduction Period, there are no other purchase rights or
options outstanding under the ESPP. A maximum of 50,000 shares of Company
Common Stock may be purchased under the current Payroll Deduction Period
under the ESPP on the final purchase date thereunder which is to occur on May
31, 2006. The Company will take all required actions to terminate the ESPP as
of June 1, 2006 and to cause the Payroll Deduction Period to terminate
effective as of June 1, 2006; and   (F) Section 3.1(c)(ii)(F) of the
Disclosure Schedule lists, as of April 20, 2006, with respect to each Option
then outstanding, the holder of the Option, the number of shares of Company
Common Stock subject to such Option, and the exercise price per share, date
of grant, exercise or vesting schedule and expiration date thereof, including
the extent to which any vesting had occurred as of the date of this
Agreement. On the Closing Date, Company shall deliver to Parent an updated
list of such information current as of such date. The Company has delivered
or Made Available to Parent true, complete and correct copies of all Company
Stock Plans and the forms of all agreements and instruments relating to or
issued thereunder and such agreements and instruments have not been amended,
modified or supplemented and there are no agreements to amend, modify or
supplement such agreements or instruments in any case from the form provided
to Parent. No consent of the holders of the Options (or participants in the
ESPP), stockholders or otherwise is required in connection with the actions
contemplated by Section 4.3 or Section 5.7.   (iii) All outstanding shares
of the Company\'s capital stock are, and all shares of Company Common Stock
reserved for issuance as specified above shall be, upon issuance on the terms
and conditions specified in the instruments pursuant to which they are
issuable, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and
not subject to or issued in violation of any purchase option, call option,
right of first refusal, pre-emptive right, subscription right or any similar
right under any provision of the DGCL, the Company\'s Certificate of
Incorporation, Bylaws or any Contract to which the Company or any Company
Subsidiary is a party or otherwise bound. None of the outstanding shares of
the Company\'s capital stock has been issued in violation of any federal
or state securities Laws. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of
each of the applicable Company\'s Subsidiaries are duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and all such shares (other than
directors\' or nominee\'s qualifying shares in the case of foreign
Subsidiaries) are owned by the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company free
and clear of all Liens. There are no accrued and unpaid dividends with
respect to any outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries.   (iv) Except as set forth in Section 3.1(c)(iv) of the
Disclosure Schedule or in the Company SEC Documents and for the Notes there
are no agreements to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound
with respect to the voting (including voting trusts or proxies), registration
under the Securities Act, or sale or transfer (including agreements relating
to pre-emptive rights, rights of first refusal, co-sale rights or "drag-
along" rights) of any securities of the Company or its Subsidiaries.   
9     (v) Except as described in this Section 3.1(c) and for the
Notes, no capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any
security convertible or exchangeable into or exercisable for such capital
stock, is issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding as of the date of this
Agreement. Except as described in this Section 3.1(c) or in the Company SEC
Documents and for the Notes, there are no options, preemptive rights,
warrants, calls, rights (including "phantom" stock rights and stock
appreciation rights), convertible or exchangeable securities, stock-based
performance units, commitments, Contracts, arrangements, undertakings or
agreements of any kind to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a
party, or by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound, (i)
obligating the Company or any of it Subsidiaries to issue, deliver or sell,
or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, additional shares of capital stock
or equity interests in, or any security convertible or exercisable for or
exchangeable into any capital stock of or other equity interest in, the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (ii) obligating the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries to grant, extend or accelerate the vesting of otherwise
amend or enter into any such option, preemptive right, warrant, call, right,
convertible or exchangeable security, stock-based performance
unit, commitment, Contract, arrangement, undertaking or agreement. Except for
the Company\'s repurchase rights with respect to unvested shares issued under
the Company Stock Plans, there are no rights or obligations, contingent or
otherwise (including rights of first refusal in favor of the Company), of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, to repurchase, redeem or otherwise
acquire any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or to provide funds to or make any investment (in the form of a loan, capital
contribution or otherwise) in any such Subsidiary or any other Person.  
(d) Authority; Noncontravention.   (i) The Company has the requisite
corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, subject, in the
case of approving this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including the Merger, to obtaining the
Stockholder Approval. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the
Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action
on the part of the Company and no other corporate authorizations or approvals
on the part of the Company are necessary to approve this Agreement or to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, subject, in the
case of approving this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including the Merger, to obtaining the
Stockholder Approval. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered
by the Company and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of
the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms
subject to (A) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer and
conveyance, moratorium, reorganization, receivership and similar Laws
relating to or affecting the enforcement of the rights and remedies of
creditors generally and (B) principles of equity (regardless of whether
considered and applied in a proceeding in equity or at law).   (ii) The
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of
Company Common Stock as of the record date established for the Stockholders
Meeting, voting as a single class, at the Stockholders Meeting in favor of
adopting this Agreement (the "Stockholder Approval") is the only vote of the
holders of any class or series of    10    the Company\'s capital stock
necessary to approve and adopt this Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby.   (iii) The Board of Directors of the
Company, at a meeting duly called and held at which all directors of the
Company were present, duly and unanimously adopted resolutions (the "Board
Approval") including (A) approving and declaring advisable this Agreement,
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby, (B) declaring that
it is advisable and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders
that the Company enter into this Agreement and consummate the Merger on the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, (C)
declaring that this Agreement is fair to the Company and its stockholders,
(D) directing that this Agreement be submitted to a vote for adoption at a
meeting of the Company\'s stockholders to be held as soon as reasonably
practicable as set forth in Section 5.1(b) and (E) recommending that the
Company\'s stockholders adopt this Agreement, which resolutions have not been
subsequently rescinded, modified or withdrawn in any way except as permitted
by Section 4.2(a) and Section 5.1(e).   (iv) Except as set forth in Section
3.1(d)(iv) of the Disclosure Schedule, the execution and delivery of this
Agreement by the Company and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby and compliance by the Company with the provisions hereof,
do not and will not conflict with, or result in any violation or breach of,
or default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give
rise to a right of, or result in, termination, cancellation or acceleration
of any obligation or to a loss of a material benefit under, or result in the
creation of any Lien in or upon any of the properties or assets of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries under, or give rise to any increased,
additional, accelerated or guaranteed rights or entitlements under, (A) any
provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company or the
Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws (or similar organizational documents)
of any of its Subsidiaries, (B) any provision of any loan or credit
agreement, bond, debenture, note, mortgage, indenture, guarantee, lease or
other contract, commitment, agreement, instrument, obligation,
binding arrangement, binding understanding, binding undertaking, permit,
franchise or license, whether oral or written (each, including all amendments
thereto, a "Contract"), to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a
party or any of their respective properties or assets is subject or (C)
subject to the governmental filings and other matters referred to in the
following paragraph, any Law applicable to the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or their respective properties or assets; other than, in the
case of clauses (B) and (C), any such conflicts, violations, breaches,
defaults, rights, results, losses, Liens or entitlements that could not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.  
(v) Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(d)(v) of the Disclosure Schedule, no
consent, approval, Order or authorization of, or registration, declaration or
filing with, or notice to, any domestic or foreign (whether national,
federal, state, provincial, local or otherwise) government or any court,
administrative agency or commission or other governmental or
regulatory authority or agency, domestic or foreign (each, a "Governmental
Entity"), is required to be made or obtained by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement
by the Company or the consummation by the Company of the transactions
contemplated hereby or compliance with the provisions hereof, except for (A)
the filing of a premerger notification and report form by the Company under
the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the
"HSR Act"), and any applicable    11    filings and approvals under
any other antitrust, unfair competition, merger or acquisition notification,
or merger or acquisition control Laws under any applicable jurisdictions,
whether federal, state, local or foreign (such Laws, collectively with the
HSR Act, the "Antitrust Laws"), (B) the filing with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the "SEC") of a proxy statement relating to the approval
by the Company\'s stockholders of this Agreement (as amended or supplemented
from time to time, the "Proxy Statement") and such other filings, notices or
reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange
Act"), as may be required in connection with this Agreement, the Merger and
the other transactions contemplated hereby, (C) any filings or notifications
required under the rules and regulations of the NASDAQ Stock Market, Inc. of
the transactions contemplated hereby, and (D) the filing of the Certificate
of Merger with the Delaware Secretary of State and appropriate documents with
the relevant authorities of other states in which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is qualified to do business.   (vi) The Board Approval referred
to in Section 3.1(d)(iii) constitutes approval of the Merger for purposes of
Section 203 of the DGCL and represents the only action necessary to ensure
that the restrictions on business combinations (as such term is defined
therein) set forth in Section 203 of the DGCL does not and will not apply to
the execution or delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated hereby. Other than Section 203 of the
DGCL, no state takeover statute or similar state regulation applies to the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to this Agreement, the Merger
or any of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (e) SEC
Documents; Financial Statements.   (i) The Company has filed with the SEC on
a timely basis all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents
required to be filed by the Company with the SEC since March 1, 2003, as such
documents may have been amended or supplemented with the SEC since the time
of filing (the "Company SEC Documents"). No Subsidiary of the Company is
subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act. Each of the Company SEC Documents, (i) as of the filing date of
such report, complied with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the
"Securities Act") and the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and, to the
extent then applicable, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder (the "Sarbanes-Oxley Act"), and (ii) as of
its filing date (or, if amended or superseded by a subsequent filing prior to
the date hereof, on the date of such filing) did not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in
the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. As
used in this Section 3.1(e), the term "file" shall be broadly construed to
include any manner in which a document or information is furnished,
transmitted or otherwise made available to the SEC.   (ii) Each of the
principal executive officer and acting principal financial officer has made
all certifications required by Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 under the Exchange Act
and Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act with respect to the
applicable Company SEC Documents (collectively, the "Certifications") and the
statements contained in such Certificates are accurate in all material
respects as of the filing thereof.    12    (iii) The Company has
established and maintains a system of internal accounting controls designed
to provide reasonable assurance (i) that receipts and expenditures are
executed in accordance with management\'s general or specific authorizations;
(ii) that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with GAAP; and (iii) regarding prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the
Company\'s assets that could have a material effect on the Company\'s
financial statements. Except as set forth in Section 3.1(e)(iii) of the
Disclosure Schedule, no material weakness was identified in
management\'s assessment of internal controls as of February 28, 2005. Since
February 28, 2005, neither the chief executive officer nor the acting
principal financial officer of the Company has become aware of any fact or
circumstance that is reasonably likely to result in a substantial change to
the Company\'s internal controls over financial reporting. Since February 28,
2005, neither the chief executive officer nor the acting principal financial
officer of the Company has become aware of any fact, circumstance or change
that is reasonably likely to result in a "material weakness" in the
Company\'s internal controls over financial reporting.   (iv) The Company
maintains disclosure controls and procedures required by Rule 13a-15 or
15d-15 under the Exchange Act. Such disclosure controls and procedures are
effective to ensure that all material information concerning the Company is
made known on a timely basis to the individuals responsible for the
preparation of the Company\'s filings with the SEC and other public
disclosure documents. The Company is in compliance in all material respects
with the applicable listing and other rules and regulations of The Nasdaq
Stock Market.   (v) The Company is, and since enactment of the Sarbanes-
Oxley Act has been, in compliance with the applicable provisions of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The audit committee of the Board of Directors of the
Company includes an Audit Committee Financial Expert, as defined by Item
401(h)(2) of Regulation S-K.   (vi) The Company has adopted a code of
ethics, as defined by Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K, for senior financial
officers, applicable to its principal financial officer, comptroller or
principal accounting officer, or persons performing similar functions. The
Company has promptly disclosed, by filing a Form 8-K, any change in or waiver
of the Company\'s code of ethics, as required by Section 406(b) of Sarbanes-
Oxley Act. To the knowledge of the Company, there have been no violations of
provisions of the Company\'s code of ethics.   (vii) As of their respective
filing dates with the SEC, the consolidated financial statements of the
Company for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2005 and the fiscal quarters
ending May 31, 2005, August 30, 2005 and November 30, 2005, in each case
included in the Company SEC Documents (collectively, the "Company Financial
Statements"), complied in all material respects with applicable requirements
of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, were prepared in accordance with
the United States generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") applied
on a consistent basis during the periods covered (except as may be indicated
therein or in the notes thereto or, in the case of unaudited financial
statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC) and fairly present in all
material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its
Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results   
13    of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended
(subject, in the case of unaudited financial statements, to normal recurring
year-end audit adjustments and other adjustments described therein). The
audited financial statements of the Company for the fiscal year ended
February 28, 2006 (the "Audited Financial Statements") as of the date of
their issuance will comply in all material respects with applicable
accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC
with respect thereto, will be prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a
consistent basis during the period covered (except as may be indicated
therein or in the notes thereto) and will fairly present in all material
respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its
Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and the consolidated results of their
operations and cash flows for the period then ended and will be accompanied
by an unqualified opinion from Deloitte and Touche USA LLP.   (viii) The
Unaudited Financial Statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP applied
on a consistent basis during the periods covered (except as may be indicated
therein or as permitted by Form 10-K and except, that such Unaudited
Financial Statements do not include notes thereto) and fairly present in all
material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its
Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and the consolidated results of their
operations and cash flows for the period then ended.   (ix) Except as set
forth in the Unaudited Financial Statements and except as arising hereunder,
the Company and its Subsidiaries have no liabilities or obligations of any
nature (whether absolute, accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent or
otherwise) that would be required to be reflected on or reserved against in
any consolidated balance sheet of the Company prepared in accordance with
GAAP that are not disclosed, reflected or reserved against in such Unaudited
Financial Statements, except for such liabilities and obligations (A) that
have been incurred since February 28, 2006 in the Ordinary Course
of Business, or (B) that could not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company.   (x) Neither the Company nor any
of its Subsidiaries is a party to, or has any commitment to become a party
to, any joint venture, partnership agreement or any similar Contract
(including any Contract relating to any transaction, arrangement or
relationship between or among the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, on the
one hand, and any unconsolidated Affiliate, including any structured finance,
special purpose or limited purpose entity or Person, on the other hand) where
the purpose or intended effect of such arrangement is to avoid disclosure of
any material transaction involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in
the Company\'s financial statements.   (f) Absence of Certain Changes or
Events. Since February 28, 2006 and except as set forth in Section 3.1(f) of
the Disclosure Schedule and for the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, (i) the Company and its Subsidiaries have conducted their
respective businesses only in the Ordinary Course of Business and (ii) there
has not been: (A) any state of facts, change, development, effect, condition
or occurrence that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on the Company; (B) any declaration, setting aside or payment of any
dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, stock or property) with
respect to any of the Company\'s or any of its Subsidiaries\' capital stock;
(C) any purchase, redemption or other acquisition of any shares of capital
stock or other securities of the Company or its Subsidiaries or the issuance
of any options, warrants, calls, or rights to acquire such shares or   
14    securities; (D) any split, combination or reclassification of any of
the Company\'s or any of its Subsidiaries\' capital stock or any issuance or
the authorization of any issuance of any other securities in respect of, in
lieu of or in substitution for shares of the Company\'s capital stock or
other securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than shares
of Company Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding Options,
Warrants, other awards under the Company Stock Plans or outstanding purchase
rights under the ESPP); (E) any granting by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries to any current or former director, officer, employee or
consultant (1) of any increase in compensation, bonus or other benefits
(including grants of stock options, stock appreciation rights or other stock-
based awards) or any such granting of any type of compensation or benefits to
any current or former director, officer, employee or consultant not
previously receiving or entitled to receive such type of compensation or
benefit, or (2) of the right to receive any severance or termination pay, or
increases therein (other than in both instances (1) and (2) increases made as
required by Law or pursuant to existing Contracts or bonuses paid in the
Ordinary Course of Business pursuant to compensation plans adopted prior to
February 28, 2006); (F) any material change in financial or tax accounting
methods, principles or practices by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
except insofar as may have been required by a change in GAAP or applicable
Law; (G) any material election with respect to taxes by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries or any settlement or compromise of any material
Tax liability or refund; (H) any revaluation of the Company\'s or any of
its Subsidiaries\' material assets; or (I) any grants of material refunds,
credits, rebates or other allowances by the Company to any end user,
customer, reseller or distributor, in each case, other than in the Ordinary
Course of Business.   (g) Absence of Litigation; Investigations. Except as
disclosed in Section 3.1(g) of the Disclosure Schedule or in the Company SEC
Documents, there are no claims, actions, suits, proceedings, governmental
investigations, inquiries or subpoenas, which individually or in aggregate
could be reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company and which would be either (i) pending against the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any current or former
supervisory employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect
to any acts or omissions in connection with their employment with the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, or any properties or assets of the Company or of
any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened
against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any current or former
supervisory employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect
to any acts or omissions in connection with their employment with the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, or any properties or assets of the Company or of
any of its Subsidiaries. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary of the
Company is subject to any outstanding Order that could reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company or is reasonably expected to
prevent or delay the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. Except as disclosed in Section 3.1(g) of the Disclosure Schedule,
there has not been since November 30, 2005, and there is not currently any
internal investigations or inquiries being conducted by the Company, its
Board of Directors or any third party or Governmental Entity at the request
of any of the foregoing concerning any financial, accounting, Tax, conflict
of interest, self-dealing, fraudulent or deceptive conduct or
other misfeasance or malfeasance issues.   (h) Compliance with Applicable
Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries hold all permits, licenses, variances,
exemptions, certificates, authorizations, Orders and   
15    approvals of all Governmental Entities which are necessary or
advisable to the lawful operation of the respective business of the Company
and its Subsidiaries (the "Permits"), except where the failure to hold such
Permits could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
the Company. All such Permits are in full force and effect and the Company
and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms of the Permits and all
applicable Laws, except where the failure so to maintain such Permits or so
to comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
on the Company. The Company has not received any material notice to the
effect that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is not in compliance with
the terms of such Permits or any such Laws.   (i) Contracts.   (i) Except
for Contracts filed as exhibits to the Company SEC Documents, there are no
Contracts that were required to be filed as an exhibit to those Company SEC
Documents under the Exchange Act. For purposes of this Agreement, each of the
following shall be deemed to constitute a "Material Contract":   (A) all
Contracts of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries made in the Ordinary
Course of Business involving payments by the Company or its Subsidiaries in
excess of $250,000, or for which the Company or its Subsidiaries recorded
total revenue in excess of $250,000 for the twelve-month period ending on
November 30, 2005;   (B) all Contracts relating to the employment of (a)
any current officer or director based in the United States and employed by
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, requiring the payment of any
severance, termination or similar payments to or requiring the payment of any
bonus amounts (other than payments constituting sales commissions or sales-
related bonuses) and (b) any current officer, director or person employed by
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, requiring the payment of a base
salary (other than payments constituting sales commissions or sales-related
bonuses), or severance, termination or similar payments in excess of (i)
$150,000 on an annual basis if based in the United States or (ii) $50,000 on
an annual basis if based outside of the United States;   (C) all Contracts
relating to the acquisition, transfer, development or sharing of any
Intellectual Property (except for any Company Contract pursuant to which (1)
any material Intellectual Property are licensed to the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries under any third party software license generally available to
the public or (2) any material Intellectual Property are licensed by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries in the Ordinary Course of Business
pursuant to which the Company\'s Software is licensed to a third-
party customer, (3) commercially available over-the-counter "shrink-wrap" are
used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in the operation of its
business or (4) non-negotiated license of third party Intellectual Property
are embedded in equipment or fixtures and are used by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries for internal purposes only;   (D) all Contracts which
provide for indemnification by the Company of any officer, director or
employee of the Company, and a list of all such Contracts is set forth on
Section 3.1(i)(i)(G) of the Disclosure Schedule;    16     (E) all
Contracts or legally binding commitments of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries that contain a covenant restricting in any material respect the
ability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or which, following the
consummation of the Merger, could restrict in all material respects the
ability of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries) to compete or other
covenant of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries restricting
the development, manufacture, marketing or distribution of the products or
services of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or otherwise limiting in
any material respect the freedom of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to
compete in any line of business or with any Person or in any area or to own,
operate, sell, transfer, pledge or otherwise dispose of or encumber any
assets or that by its terms purports to limit in any material respect the
freedom of any successor to or affiliate of the Company after the
consummation, including Contracts with "most favored customer" pricing
provisions;   (F) all Contracts containing "standstill" or
similar provisions to which the Company is subject and restricted, and a list
of all such Contracts is set forth in Section 3.1(i)(i)(G)of the Disclosure
Schedule;   (G) all material joint venture, partnership or other
similar Contracts to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a
party;   (H) all loan agreements, credit agreements, letters of credit,
notes, debentures, bonds, mortgages, indentures, promissory notes and other
Contracts relating to the borrowing of money or extension of credit
other than standard invoice terms for payments of invoices in connection with
sales of the Company\'s products or services and other than agreements
regarding indebtedness between the Company and any Subsidiary or among
Subsidiaries of the Company (collectively, "Debt Obligations") pursuant to
which any indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is
outstanding or may be incurred and all guarantees of or by the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries of any Debt Obligations of any other Person, in each
case, that involves amounts in excess of $100,000;   (I) all powers of
attorney and Contracts and arrangements pursuant to which the Company or any
Subsidiary of the Company has any obligations or liabilities (whether
absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise), as guarantor, surety, co-signer,
endorser, co-maker, or otherwise in respect of any obligation of any Person,
or any capital maintenance, keep-well or similar agreements or arrangements
in any such case which, individually is in excess of $100,000;   (J)
Contracts of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries involving the lease of
real property; and   (K) all Contracts of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries made in the Ordinary Course of Business for which the Company or
its Subsidiaries recorded software license revenue in excess of $100,000
during the period beginning on December 1, 2005 and ending on the date of
this Agreement.   (ii) except as set forth in Section 3.1(i)(ii) of the
Disclosure Schedule, each Material Contract is valid and in full force and
effect, and is enforceable in accordance with    17    its terms,
subject to (i) laws of general application relating to bankruptcy, insolvency
and the relief of debtors, and (ii) rules of law governing
specific performance, injunctive relief and other equitable remedies.  
(iii) Subject to those matters set forth in the second sentence of this
paragraph, Section 3.1(i)(iii)(A) of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth as of
the date of this Agreement a true and complete list, in all
material respects, of all outstanding client matters of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries which have resulted in commitments or obligations to
deliver services or enhancements at no charge to customers, consultants or
other third parties, the actual hours and the estimated total hours for
completion of each such commitment or obligation, the names of such
customers, consultants or third parties and the name of the Company\'s
products involved in such commitments or obligations, except that Section
3.1(i)(iii)(A) of the Disclosure Schedule does not contain any matter related
to "fixed fee" or "not-to-exceed" engagements, pre-sales related services or
non-billable travel associated with the provision of services. The actual
hours set forth in Section 3.1(i)(iii)(A) of the Disclosure Schedule
accurately reflect in all material respects all hours incurred for each such
commitment or obligation as of the date of this Agreement. The actual hours
set forth in Section 3.1(i)(iii)(A) of the Disclosure Schedule agree with,
and have been reconciled to, in all material respects, the hours entered into
the Company\'s internal time tracking systems. The estimated hours for
completion accurately represent management\'s reasonable judgment of the
amount of time required to complete each such commitment or obligation. Each
such commitment or obligation and quarterly adjusting entry thereof prepared
by the Company\'s Representatives are reasonably reviewed and approved by
management of the Company.   (iv) Neither the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries has materially violated or breached, or committed any default
under, any Material Contract, and, to the Knowledge of the Company, no other
Person has materially violated or breached or committed any default under,
any Material Contract.   (v) Except as disclosed in Section 3.1(i)(v) of the
Disclosure Schedule, to the Knowledge of the Company, no event has occurred,
and no circumstance or condition exists, that (with or without notice or
lapse of time), would reasonably be expected to: (a) result in a material
violation or breach of any provision of any Material Contract; (b) give any
Person the right to declare a default or exercise any remedy under any
Material Contract; (c) give any person the right to receive or require a
material rebate, chargeback, penalty or change in delivery schedule under any
Material Contract; (d) give any Person the right to accelerate the maturity
or performance of any Material Contract; or (e) give any Person the right to
cancel terminate or modify any Material Contract, in each case, in a manner
that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company.   (vi) The Company has Made Available to Parent true and
complete copies of each Material Contract (including all amendments
thereto).   (j) Absence of Changes in Benefit Plans; Employment Matters.  
(i) Except as set forth in Section 3.1(j)(i) of the Disclosure Schedule and
except as expressly permitted or required by this Agreement, since February
28, 2006, there    18    was no adoption or amendment in any respect by
the Company or any entity, trade or business that is required, together with
the Company, to be treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code
or Section 4001 of ERISA (a "Controlled Group Member") of:   (A) Other than
the termination of the ESPP, any stock ownership, stock purchase, stock
appreciation, stock option or phantom stock benefit plan, program or
arrangement (whether oral or written) not governed by ERISA (together,
"Equity Benefit Plans"),   (B) any pension, profit and retirement savings,
cafeteria, severance, disability, death, medical, welfare or other benefit
plan, program or arrangement (whether oral or written), that is an "employee
benefit plan," as defined in Section 3(3) of Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA") (together, "ERISA Benefit Plans"),
or   (C) any deferred compensation, cash bonus, stock bonus, performance or
other incentive compensation, severance, vacation, paid time off or paid sick
time benefit plan, program or arrangement (whether oral or written) that is
not governed by ERISA (together, "Non-ERISA Benefit Plans").  The Company
has Made Available to Parent, prior to the execution of this Agreement,
complete and correct copies of agreements or arrangements (whether oral or
written) between the Company or any Controlled Group Member, on the one hand,
and any current or former director, officer, employee or consultant of
the Company or any Controlled Group Member, on the other hand, the benefits
of which are contingent, or the terms of which are materially altered, upon
the occurrence of a transaction involving the Company of the nature
contemplated by this Agreement.    19     (k) Labor Matters. Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or bound by any
collective bargaining agreement, contract or other agreement or understanding
with a labor or trade union, labor organization, staff association or works
council, or similar grouping of employee representations and, to the
Knowledge of the Company, there are no attempts to organize any of the
Company\'s or any of its Subsidiaries\' employees by any Person, unit or
group seeking to act as their bargaining agent. Except as set forth in
Section 3.1(k) of the Disclosure Schedule, the Company has complied in all
material respects with all applicable Laws relating to the employment
of labor, including provisions thereof relating to wages, hours, equal
employment opportunity, collective bargaining, nondiscrimination, and the
withholding and payment of social security and other Taxes. There are no
pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened charges of unfair
labor practices or of employment discrimination or of any other illegal
action with respect to any aspect of employment of any Person employed or
formerly employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. To the Knowledge
of the Company, no union representation elections relating to the Company\'s
employees have been scheduled by any Governmental Entity and no investigation
of the employment policies or practices of the Company by any Governmental
Entity is pending or threatened.   (l) Employee Benefit Matters. Set forth
in Section 3.1(l) of the Disclosure Schedule is a list of (i) each loan to
any employee, officer or director, (ii) each ERISA Benefit Plan, (iii) each
Equity Benefit Plan and (iv) each Non-ERISA Benefit Plan, sponsored or
maintained by the Company or any Controlled Group Member or to which the
Company or any Controlled Group Member is required to make material
contributions (such plans, agreements, arrangements and related trusts and
related agreements and arrangements being hereinafter referred to as the
"Benefit Plans"). The Company has delivered or Made Available to Parent true
and complete copies of all Benefit Plans, summary plan descriptions, forms of
agreements generally representing awards (including stock options) granted
thereunder, and all financial statements, actuarial reports and annual
reports and returns filed with the Internal Revenue Service or Department of
Labor with respect to the three (3) most recent filings made for such
Benefit Plans prior to the date of this Agreement. In addition:   (i) each
Benefit Plan has been operated and administered in compliance with its terms
in all material respects;   (ii) each Benefit Plan complies in all material
respects with all applicable requirements of ERISA and the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") and with all other applicable Laws;  
(iii) each Benefit Plan intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code
has received a favorable determination letter from the Internal Revenue
Service as to its qualification under Section 401(a) of the Code, and nothing
has occurred that could adversely affect such qualified status;   (iv)
neither the Company nor any Controlled Group Member maintains, sponsors or
contributes to, or has maintained, sponsored or contributed to, any "defined
benefit plan" (within the meaning of Section 3(35) of ERISA), any
"multiemployer    20    plan" (within the meaning of Section 3(37) of
ERISA), or any "multiple employer plan" (within the meaning of Section 413 of
the Code);   (v) no "prohibited transaction" (within the meaning of
Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975(c) of the Code) has occurred with
respect to any ERISA Benefit Plan, based on the Knowledge of the Company with
respect to individuals who are not employees or directors of the Company;  
(vi) except as set forth in Section 3.1(l)(vi) of the Disclosure Schedule,
each Benefit Plan (other than a Company Stock Plan) can be
amended, discontinued or terminated at any time (including after the
Effective Time) in accordance with its terms, without liability (other than
(A) liability for ordinary administrative expenses typically incurred in a
termination event, or (B) liabilities for which sufficient assets are set
aside in a trust or insurance contract to satisfy such liabilities or which
are accrued on the Unaudited Financial Statements);   (vii) except as set
forth in Section 3.1(l)(vii) of the Disclosure Schedule, all contributions
required to be made in connection with any Benefit Plan through the date of
this Agreement have been timely made or, if not yet due, have been accrued on
the Unaudited Financial Statements;   (viii) other than claims in the
ordinary course for benefits with respect to the Benefit Plans, there are no
actions, suits or claims pending with respect to any Benefit Plan, or, to the
Knowledge of the Company, any circumstances which might give rise to any such
action, suit or claim;   (ix) all reports, returns and similar documents
with respect to the Benefit Plans required to be filed with any Governmental
Entity have been timely filed;   (x) neither the Company, nor any
Controlled Group Member has any obligation to provide health or other welfare
benefits to former, retired or terminated employees, except as specifically
required under Section 4980B of the Code or Part 6 of Subtitle B of Title I
of ERISA, and the Company and the Controlled Group Members have complied in
all material respects with the notice and continuation requirements of
Section 4980B of the Code and Part 6 of Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA and
the regulations thereunder;   (xi) except as set forth in Section 3.1(l)(xi)
of the Disclosure Schedule, which specifies the payments which may constitute
parachute payments under Section 280G of the Code on the basis of the
assumptions described therein, there is no agreement, plan, arrangement or
other contract covering any current or former employee or other service
provider of Company or any Controlled Group Member to which the Company or
any Controlled Group Member is a party or by which Company or any Controlled
Group Member is bound that, considered individually or considered
collectively with any other such agreements, plans, arrangements or other
contracts, will, or would reasonably be expected to, as a result of the
transactions contemplated hereby (whether alone or upon the occurrence of any
additional or subsequent event, including termination of employee or other
service status), give rise directly or indirectly to the payment of any
amount that would reasonably be expected to be characterized as a "parachute
payment" within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code. Section 3.1(l)(xi)
of    21    the Disclosure Schedule lists each Person who Company
reasonably believes is a "disqualified individual" (within the meaning of
Section 280G of the Code and the U.S. Treasury Regulation thereunder). Except
as otherwise set forth in Section 3.1(l)(xi) of the Disclosure Schedule,
neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor the consummation of
any of the transactions contemplated hereunder (whether alone or upon the
occurrence of any additional or subsequent event, including termination of
employee or other service status) will accelerate the time of payment or
vesting of any compensation or benefits under any Benefit Plan, or increase
the amount of compensation or benefits due any employee or former employee of
Company. On the Closing Date, Company shall deliver a complete update to
3.1(l)(xi) of the Disclosure Schedule current as of that date; and   (xii)
each Benefit Plan that is maintained outside of the United States or that is
for the benefit of employees, directors or consultants outside the United
States is in material compliance with applicable laws.   (m) Taxes.   (i)
Except as set forth in Section 3.1(m) of the Disclosure Schedule, each of the
Company and the Subsidiaries has properly filed on a timely basis all Tax
Returns that it was required to file, and all such Tax Returns were true,
correct and complete in all material respects. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary is or has ever been a member of a group of corporations with which
it has filed (or been required to file) consolidated, combined or unitary Tax
Returns, other than a group of which only the Company and the Subsidiaries
are or were members. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries has paid on a
timely basis all material Taxes that were due and payable through the date of
this Agreement. The unpaid Taxes of the Company and each Subsidiary for Tax
periods through the date of the Unaudited Financial Statements do not exceed
the accruals and reserves for Taxes (excluding accruals and reserves for
deferred Taxes established to reflect timing differences between book and Tax
income) set forth on the Unaudited Financial Statements. Neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary (i) has any actual or potential liability under Treasury
Regulations Section 1.1502-6 (or any comparable or similar provision of
federal, state, local or foreign Law), as a transferee or successor, pursuant
to any contractual obligation, or otherwise for any Taxes of any Person other
than the Company or any Subsidiary, or (ii) is a party to or bound by any Tax
indemnity, Tax sharing, Tax allocation or similar agreement. All material
Taxes that the Company or any Subsidiary was required by Law to withhold or
collect have been duly withheld or collected and, to the extent required,
have been properly paid to the appropriate Governmental Entity. For purposes
of this Agreement, (i) "Taxes" shall mean any and all taxes, charges, fees,
duties, contributions, levies or other similar assessments or liabilities in
the nature of a tax, including income, gross receipts, corporation,
ad valorem, premium, value-added, good and services, harmonized sales tax,
net worth, capital stock, capital gains, documentary, recapture, alternative
or add-on minimum, disability, estimated, registration, recording, excise,
real property, personal property, sales, use, license, lease, service,
service use, transfer, withholding, employment, unemployment, insurance,
social security, national insurance, business license, business organization,
environmental, workers compensation, payroll, profits, severance, stamp,
occupation, windfall profits, customs, duties, franchise and other taxes of
any kind whatsoever imposed by the United States of America or any state,
local or foreign government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof,
and any interest, fines, penalties, assessments or additions to tax imposed
with respect to such    22    items or any contest or dispute thereof,
and (ii) "Tax Returns" shall mean any and all reports, returns, computations,
declarations, or statements relating to Taxes, including any schedule or
attachment thereto and any related or supporting workpapers or information
with respect to any of the foregoing, including any amendment thereof.  
(ii) The Company has delivered or Made Available to Parent for inspection (i)
complete and correct copies of all Tax Returns of the Company or any
Subsidiary relating to Taxes for the three fiscal years ended February
28, 2005, where filed and (ii) complete and correct copies of all private
letter rulings, revenue agent reports, information document requests, notices
of proposed deficiencies, deficiency notices, protests, petitions,
closing agreements, settlement agreements, pending ruling requests and any
similar documents submitted by, received by or agreed to by or on behalf of
the Company or any Subsidiary relating to Taxes for the three fiscal years
ended February 28, 2005. Except as specified in Section 3.1(m)(ii) of the
Disclosure Schedule, no examination or audit of any Tax Return of the Company
or any Subsidiary by any Governmental Entity is currently in progress.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has been informed by any jurisdiction
that the jurisdiction formally asserts that the Company or any Subsidiary was
required to file any Tax Return that was not filed. Except as specified in
Section 3.1(m)(ii) of the Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary has (i) waived any statute of limitations with respect to Taxes or
agreed to extend the period for assessment or collection of any Taxes, (ii)
requested any extension of time within which to file any Tax Return, which
Tax Return has not yet been filed, or (iii) executed or filed any power of
attorney with any taxing authority.   (iii) Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary (i) has made any payments, is obligated to make any payments, or
is a party to any agreement that could obligate it to make any payments that
may be treated as an "excess parachute payment" under Section 280G of the
Code (without regard to Sections 280G(b)(4) and 280G(b)(5) of the Code) or
(ii) has made any payments and is not a party to any agreement, and does not
maintain any plan, program or arrangement, that could require it to make any
payments that would not be fully deductible by reason of Section 162(m) of
the Code.   (iv) None of the assets of the Company or any Subsidiary (i)
is property that is required to be treated as being owned by any other
Person pursuant to the provisions of former Section 168(f)(8) of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1954, (ii) is "tax-exempt use property" within the meaning of
Section 168(h) of the Code, (iii) directly or indirectly secures any debt the
interest on which is tax exempt under Section 103(a) of the Code or (iv) is
subject to a lease under Section 7701(h) of the Code or under any predecessor
section.   (v) Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries is
required to include any material amounts in income, or exclude any material
items of deduction, in a taxable period beginning after the Effective Time
(a "Post-Closing Tax Period") as a result of: (i) a change in method of
accounting for a taxable period ending on or prior to the Closing Date; (ii)
a closing agreement as described in Section 7121 of the Code (or
corresponding or similar provision of state, local or foreign Tax laws);
(iii) an installment sale or open transaction arising in a taxable period
ending on or before the Closing Date (a "Pre-Closing Tax Period"); (iv) a
prepaid amount received, or paid, in a Pre-Closing Tax Period; or (v)
deferred gains that could be    23    recognized in a Post-Closing Tax
Period, except as specified in Section 3.1(m)(v) of the Disclosure
Schedule.   (vi) Other than by their own expiration over time or by a
change in the underlying trade, there is no limitation on the utilization by
either the Company or any Subsidiary of its net operating losses, built-in
losses, Tax credits, or similar items under Sections 382, 383, or 384 of the
Code or comparable provisions of foreign state or local Law (other than any
such limitation arising as a result of the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement).   (vii) Neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary (i) is a "consenting corporation" within the meaning of
former Section 341(f) of the Code, and none of the assets of the Company or
any Subsidiary is subject to an election under former Section 341(f) of the
Code, or (ii) has been a United States real property holding corporation
within the meaning of Section 897(c)(2) of the Code during the applicable
period specified in Section 897(c)(l)(A)(ii) of the Code.   (viii) Neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary has distributed to its stockholders or
security holders stock or securities of a controlled corporation, nor has
stock or securities of the Company or any Subsidiary been distributed, in a
transaction to which Section 355 of the Code applies (i) in the two years
prior to the date of this Agreement or (ii) in a distribution that could
otherwise constitute part of a "plan" or "series of related
transactions" (within the meaning of Section 355(e) of the Code) that
includes the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (ix) Except as
set forth in Section 3.1(m)(ix) of the Disclosure Schedule, neither the
Company nor any Subsidiary owns any interest in an entity that is
characterized as a partnership for federal income Tax purposes.   (x)
Section 3.1(m)(x) of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth each jurisdiction
(other than United States federal) in which the Company or any Subsidiary
files, is required to file or has been required to file a Tax Return or is or
has been liable for any Taxes on a "nexus" basis.   (xi) Neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary is or has been a passive foreign investment company within
the meaning of Sections 1291-1297 of the Code.   (xii) Except as set forth
in Section 3.1(m)(xii) of the Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor
any Subsidiary has incurred (or been allocated) an "overall foreign loss" as
defined in Section 904(f)(2) of the Code which has not been previously
recaptured in full as provided in Sections 904(f)(1) and/or 904(f)(3) of the
Code.   (xiii) Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is a party to a gain
recognition agreement under Section 367 of the Code.   (xiv) There are no
Tax Liens or other encumbrances with respect to Taxes upon any of the assets
or properties of the Company or any Subsidiary, other than with respect to
Taxes not yet due and payable.    24    (xv) Section 3.1(m)(xv) of the
Disclosure Schedule lists all "nonqualified deferred compensation plans"
(within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) to which the Company or any
Subsidiary is a party. Each such nonqualified deferred compensation plan
complies with the requirements of paragraphs (2), (3) and (4) of Section
409A(a) of the Code by its terms and has been operated in good faith in
accordance with such requirements.   (xvi) Except as set forth in Section
3.1(m)(xvi) of the Disclosure Schedule, there has been no change in the
underlying trade in the Company or any of its Subsidiaries prior to the date
of this Agreement.   (n) Title to Properties.  Each of the Company and its
Subsidiaries has marketable and legal title to, or valid leasehold interests
in, all of its material properties and assets except for such as are no
longer used in the conduct of its businesses or as have been disposed of in
the Ordinary Course of Business and except for defects in title, easements,
restrictive covenants and similar Liens and encumbrances that, individually
or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on the Company. Except as set forth in Section 3.1(n) of the
Disclosure Schedule, all such properties and assets, other than
properties and assets in which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has a
leasehold interest, are free and clear of all Liens, except for Liens that,
individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company.   (i) Each of the Company and its
Subsidiaries has complied with the terms of all material leases to which it
is a party and under which it is in occupancy, and all such leases are in
full force and effect, except for such non-compliances or failures to be in
full force and effect that, individually or in the aggregate, could not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. The
Company and its Subsidiaries enjoy peaceful and undisturbed possession in all
material respects under all such leases.   (o) Intellectual Property.  
(i) Section 3.1(o)(i) of the Disclosure Schedule lists all registered
trademarks and applications therefor, registered copyrights and applications
therefor, patents and patent applications, and the jurisdictions in which
each of the foregoing was or is filed or registered, owned by the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries. To the Company\'s Knowledge, all necessary
and material registration, maintenance and renewal fees in connection with
the foregoing have been paid and all necessary material documents and
certificates in connection with the foregoing have been filed with the
relevant patent, copyright, trademark or other authorities in the United
States or foreign jurisdictions, as the case may be, for the purposes of
perfecting, prosecuting and maintaining the foregoing. To the Company\'s
Knowledge, there are no actions that are required to be taken by Company
within 120 days of the date of this Agreement with respect to any of the
foregoing, except as set out in Section 3.1(o)(i) of the Disclosure
Schedule.    25     (ii) Except as disclosed in Section 3.1(o)(ii) and
Section 3.1(o)(iii) of the Disclosure Schedule, each of the Company and its
Subsidiaries owns, or is validly licensed or otherwise has the right to use,
in each case free and clear of any Liens, all Intellectual Property used or
necessary to carry on its business as currently conducted. Such Intellectual
Property constitutes all the Intellectual Property necessary to the conduct
of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries as currently
conducted.   (iii) To the Knowledge of the Company, none of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries has infringed upon, misappropriated or otherwise come
into conflict with any Intellectual Property or other proprietary information
of any other Person. Except as disclosed in Section 3.1(o)(iii) of the
Disclosure Schedule, (A) none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has
received in the past five years any charge, complaint, claim, demand or
notice alleging any such infringement, misappropriation or other conflict or
challenging the ownership, use, validity or enforceability of any
Intellectual Property owned by, licensed to or otherwise used by the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, is there a
reasonable basis for any such claim nor has there been pending in the past
five years any such charge, complaint, claim, demand, or notice (B) none of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is party to or the subject of any
pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened, suit, claim, action,
investigation or proceeding with respect to any such infringement,
misappropriation or conflict, that has not been settled or otherwise fully
resolved, (C) to the Knowledge of the Company, since April 30, 2001, no other
Person has infringed upon, misappropriated or otherwise come into conflict
with any Intellectual Property owned by, licensed to or otherwise used by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and (D) none of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries has received any opinion of counsel that a third party
patent applies to any product produced, marketed, licensed, sold or
distributed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. None of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries has brought any action, suit or proceeding for
infringement of any Intellectual Property of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, or for breach of any license or agreement involving any of such
Intellectual Property, against any party, and to the Knowledge of the Company
there is no unauthorized use, disclosure, infringement or misappropriation of
any such Intellectual Property by any third party, including any employee or
former employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.   (iv) Except as
set forth on Section 3.1(o)(iv) of the Disclosure Schedule, neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has transferred ownership of, or granted
any exclusive license with respect to, any Intellectual Property that is or
was owned by the Company or any Subsidiary and is necessary for the conduct
of the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as currently
conducted or currently proposed to be conducted, to any third party.   (v)
Section 3.1(o)(v) of the Disclosure Schedule contains a list of current
employees or consultants of the Company and its Subsidiaries who are involved
in the development of Software or issued patents owned by the Company or its
Subsidiaries and who have not executed the Company\'s applicable
standard form Conditions of Employment or Consulting Agreement as provided to
Parent, or another agreement imposing substantially similar obligations
regarding confidentiality and assignment of Intellectual Property. Each of
the Company and its Subsidiaries has taken reasonable steps (based on
standard industry practices) to protect its Intellectual Property and rights
thereunder owned by the Company and necessary    26    for the conduct
of the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as currently
conducted or currently proposed to be conducted, and, to the Knowledge of the
Company, no rights to such Intellectual Property have been lost or are
in jeopardy of being lost as a result of any act or omission by the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries.   (vi) "Intellectual Property" means all
intellectual property, including but not limited to (A) inventions (whether
patentable or unpatentable and whether or not reduced to practice), ideas,
research and techniques, technical designs, discoveries and specifications,
improvements, modifications, adaptations, and derivations thereto, and
patents, patent applications, models, industrial designs, inventor\'s
certificates, and patent disclosures, together with reissuances,
continuations, continuations-in-part, revisions, extensions and
reexaminations thereof (the "Patents"), (B) trademarks, all service
marks, logos, trade dress, brand names and trade names, assumed names,
corporate names and other indications of origin (whether registered or
unregistered), (C) copyrights (whether registered or unregistered and any
applications for registration therefor, including any modifications,
extensions or renewals thereof), (D) trade secrets, know-how and confidential
business information and rights in any jurisdiction to limit the use or
disclosure thereof by any Person, (E) Software, (F) Internet domain names,
and (G) moral rights, publicity rights and customer lists.   (p)
Software.   (i) The Software owned by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, was either (A) developed by employees of the Company or its
Subsidiaries within the scope of their employment, (B) developed by
independent contractors who have assigned their rights to the Company or its
Subsidiaries pursuant to written agreements or (C) otherwise lawfully
acquired by the Company or its Subsidiaries from a third party pursuant to
written agreements. To the Knowledge of the Company, such Software does not
contain any programming code, documentation or other material or development
environments that embody Intellectual Property rights of any Person other
than the Company or its Subsidiaries, except for such materials or
development environments obtained by the Company or its Subsidiaries from (A)
third parties pursuant to valid licenses or other agreements or (B) other
Persons who make such materials or development environments generally
available to all interested purchasers or end-users on standard commercial
terms. Except as disclosed in Section 3.1(p)(i) of the Disclosure Schedule,
the source code of any of the Company\'s Software and the data associated
therewith have not been licensed or otherwise provided to another Person, and
have been safeguarded and protected as confidential and proprietary Company
information. "Software" means any and all (A) computer programs, including
any and all software implementations of algorithms, models and methodologies,
whether in source code or object code, (B) databases and compilations,
including any and all data and collections of data, whether machine readable
or otherwise, (C) descriptions, schematics, flow-charts and other work
product used to design, plan, organize and develop any of the foregoing and
(D) all documentation, including user manuals and training materials,
relating to any of the foregoing.   (ii) Section 3.1(p)(ii) of the
Disclosure Schedule lists all software or other material that is made
generally available to the public, under license (including but not limited
to the GNU General Public License (GPL), GNU Lesser General Public License
(LGPL), Mozilla Public License (MPL), BSD licenses, and any other similar
"free software" or "open    27    source" licenses) without requiring
the payment of any fees or royalties ("Open Source Materials") used by
Company or its Subsidiaries in any way, and describes the manner in which
such Open Source Materials were used (such description shall include whether
(and, if so, how) the Open Source Materials were modified and/or distributed
by Company or its Subsidiaries). Neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries have (A) incorporated Open Source Materials into, or
combined Open Source Materials with, the Intellectual Property owned by the
Company or its Subsidiaries and necessary for the conduct of the business of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as currently conducted or currently
proposed to be conducted, except as set forth on Section 3.1(p)(ii) of the
Disclosure Schedule; (B) distributed Open Source Materials in conjunction
with any Intellectual Property owned by the Company or its Subsidiaries and
necessary for the conduct of the business of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries as currently conducted or currently proposed to be conducted,
except as set forth on Section 3.1(p)(ii) of the Disclosure Schedule; or (C)
used Open Source Materials that create, or purport to create, obligations for
Company or its Subsidiaries with respect to, or grant, or purport to grant,
to any third party, any rights or immunities under, Intellectual Property
owned by the Company or its Subsidiaries and necessary for the conduct of the
business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as currently conducted or
currently proposed to be conducted (including, but not limited to, using any
Open Source Materials that require, as a condition of use, modification
and/or distribution of such Open Source Materials that other software
incorporated into, derived from or distributed with such Open Source
Materials be (x) disclosed or distributed in source code form, (y) licensed
for the purpose of making derivative works, or (z) redistributable at no
charge).   (iii) The Company and its Subsidiaries use commercially
available antivirus software with the intention of protecting Company\'s
software products from becoming infected by viruses and other harmful
code.   (q) Environmental Matters.   (i) Except for such matters that
individually and in the aggregate have not had and could not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company: (i) each of the
Company and its Subsidiaries is and has been in compliance with all
applicable Environmental Laws and possesses and is and has been in compliance
with all required Environmental Permits; (ii) there are no Environmental
Claims pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and (iii) none of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries or any of their predecessors has caused any releases or
threatened release of Hazardous Materials at any property currently or
formerly owned or operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
any of their predecessors, or at any offsite disposal location in connection
with the current or past operations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or their predecessors.   (ii) For purposes of this Agreement, the following
defined terms shall apply:   (A) "Environmental Claims" means any and all
actions, Orders, suits, demands, directives, claims, Liens, investigations,
proceedings or notices of violation by any Governmental Entity or other
Person alleging potential responsibility or liability arising out   
28    of, based on or related to (1) the presence, release or threatened
release of, or exposure to, any Hazardous Materials at any location or (2)
circumstances forming the basis of any violation or alleged violation of any
Environmental Law;   (B) "Environmental Laws" means all Laws relating
to pollution or protection of the environment or human health;   (C)
"Environmental Permits" means all permits, licenses, registrations and other
authorizations required under applicable Environmental Laws; and   (D)
"Hazardous Materials" means all hazardous, toxic, explosive or radioactive
substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum
distillates, asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas and all other
substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental
Law.   (r) Insurance. The Company has Made Available to Parent accurate
and complete copies of all material insurance policies and all material
self insurance programs and arrangements relating to the business,
assets, liabilities and operations of the Company. To the Knowledge of the
Company, each of such insurance policies is in full force and effect. Except
as disclosed in Section 3.1(r) of the Disclosure Schedule, since November 30,
2004, the Company has not received any notice or other communication
regarding any actual or possible: (i) cancellation or invalidation of any
insurance policy; (ii) refusal or denial of any material coverage,
reservation or rights or rejection of any material claim under any insurance
policy; or (iii) material adjustment in the amount of the premiums payable
with respect to any insurance policy.   (s) Opinion of Financial Advisor.
The financial advisor of the Company, Lehman Brothers, has delivered to the
Company an opinion dated as of the date of this Agreement to the effect that
as of the date of this Agreement, the Merger Consideration is fair, from a
financial point of view, to the stockholders of the Company. The Company has
provided a true, complete and correct copy of such opinion to Parent. As of
the date hereof, such opinion has not been withdrawn, revoked or
modified.   (t) Brokers; Schedule of Fees.   (i) No broker, investment
banker, finder or financial advisor or other Person has been retained by, or
is authorized to act on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and
is entitled to any broker\'s, finder\'s, financial advisor\'s or other
similar fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement (other than Lehman Brothers, Inc., whose brokerage, investment
banking, finders and financial advisory fees shall be paid by the Company).
The Company has delivered or Made Available to Parent a complete and correct
copy of all agreements between the Company and Lehman Brothers pursuant to
which such firm could be entitled to any payment relating to the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby.   (u) Rights Agreement. The Rights
Agreement has been amended so that the entering into of this Agreement and
the Voting Agreements, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby, do not and will not, (A) result in any Person being   
29    deemed to have become an Acquiring Person (as defined in the Rights
Agreement), (B) result in the ability of any Person to exercise any Rights
(as defined in the Rights Agreement) under the Rights Agreement, (C) enable
or require the Rights to separate from the Company Common Stock to which they
are attached or to be triggered or become exercisable or (D) enable the
Company to exchange any Rights for shares of the Company\'s capital stock,
pursuant to the Rights Agreement. No Distribution Date, Stock Acquisition
Date, Triggering Event (as such terms are defined in the Rights Agreement) or
similar event has occurred or will occur by reason of (x) the adoption,
approval, execution or delivery of this Agreement and the Voting Agreements,
(y) the public announcement of such adoption, approval, execution or delivery
or (z) the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby.   3.2 Representations and Warranties of Parent and Merger Sub.
Parent and Merger Sub represent and warrant to the Company as follows as of
the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, except where another
date is specified:   (a) Organization, Standing and Corporate Power. Each
of Parent and Merger Sub is a corporation duly organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction in which it is
organized and has the requisite corporate power and authority to carry on its
business as now being conducted. Each of Parent and Merger Sub has delivered
or Made Available to Parent prior to the execution of this Agreement,
complete and correct copies of its Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws,
in each case as amended to the date of this Agreement.   (b) Authority;
Noncontravention.   (i) Parent and Merger Sub have the requisite corporate
power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Assuming the accuracy of
the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Section
3.1(d)(i), the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Merger
Sub, and the consummation by Parent and Merger Sub of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action on the part of Parent and Merger Sub (except for the
approval by the sole stockholder of Merger Sub, which approval Parent shall
cause to be obtained promptly following the execution and delivery of this
Agreement) and no other corporate proceedings on the part of Parent or Merger
Sub are necessary to approve this Agreement or to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. This Agreement has been duly executed and
delivered by Parent and Merger Sub and each constitutes a legal, valid and
binding obligation of Parent and Merger Sub, as applicable, enforceable
against Parent and Merger Sub, as applicable, in accordance with its terms
subject to (A) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer and
conveyance, moratorium, reorganization, receivership and similar Laws
relating to or affecting the enforcement of the rights and remedies of
creditors generally and (B) principles of equity (regardless of
whether considered and applied in a proceeding in equity or at law).   (ii)
The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and
compliance by Parent and Merger Sub with the provisions of this Agreement, do
not and will not conflict with, or result in any violation or breach of, or
default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give
rise to a right of, or result in, termination, cancellation or   
30    acceleration of any obligation or to a loss of a material benefit
under, or result in the creation of any Lien in or upon any of the properties
or assets of Parent or Merger Sub under, (A) any provision of the Certificate
of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Parent or the Certificate of Incorporation
or Bylaws of Merger Sub, (B) subject to the governmental filings and other
matters referred to in the following paragraph, any Law or Order, in each
case, applicable to Parent or Merger Sub or their respective properties or
assets; other than, in the case of clause (B), any such conflicts,
violations, breaches, defaults, rights, results, losses, Liens or
entitlements that could reasonably be expected to prevent or materially
impede or delay the consummation of the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.   (iii) No consent, approval, Order or
authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with, or notice to,
any Governmental Entity is required by or with respect to Parent or Merger
Sub in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent
and Merger Sub or the consummation by Parent and Merger Sub of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the compliance with the
provisions by this Agreement, except for (A) the filing of a premerger
notification and report form by Parent and Merger Sub under the HSR Act, and
any applicable filings and approvals under other Antitrust Laws, (B) the
filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Delaware Secretary of State and
appropriate documents with the relevant authorities of other states in which
the Company is qualified to do business and (C) such other consents,
approvals, Orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations, filings or
notices the failure of which to be obtained or made could not reasonably be
expected to prevent or materially impede or delay the consummation of the
Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (c)
Litigation. There is no suit, claim, action, investigation or proceeding
pending or, to the Knowledge of Parent or Merger Sub, threatened against or
affecting Parent or Merger Sub or any of their respective assets
or properties before or by any Governmental Entity that, individually or in
the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to prevent or materially impede
or delay the consummation of the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, nor is there any Order of any Governmental
Entity or arbitrator outstanding against Parent or Merger Sub that,
individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to prevent or
materially impede or delay the consummation of the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (d) Brokers. No broker,
investment banker, financial advisor or other Person has been retained by, or
is authorized to act on behalf of, Parent or any of its Subsidiaries and is
entitled to any broker\'s, finder\'s, financial advisor\'s or other similar
fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement (other than Citigroup Inc., whose fees shall be paid by
Parent).   (e) Interim Operations of Merger Sub. Merger Sub has not engaged
in any business activities and has conducted its operations only as
contemplated hereby. Merger Sub has not incurred, directly or indirectly, any
material liabilities or obligations except those in connection with its
organization or with the negotiation and execution of this Agreement and the
performance of the transactions contemplated hereby.    31     (f)
Financing and Financing Commitments. On or prior to the date of this
Agreement, Parent has delivered to the Company a true and complete copy
of (i) the commitment letter dated as of the date of this Agreement and
issued by Citicorp North America, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., UBS
Loan Finance LLC and UBS Securities (the "Commitment Letter") to provide
Parent, in accordance with the terms thereof, with proceeds of not less than
$225,000,000, and (ii) the stock purchase agreement, dated the date hereof,
by and between Parent and Funds Affiliated with Thoma Cressey Equity
Partners, Inc. (the "Stock Purchase Agreement") to provide Parent, in
accordance with the terms thereof, with proceeds not less than $50,000,000,
in each case, in connection with the Merger and the transactions contemplated
hereby. The Commitment Letter and the Stock Purchase Agreement are in full
force and effect. As of the Closing, assuming satisfaction of the condition
set forth in Section 6.2(h), Parent will have available to it sufficient
funds to consummate the Merger (including payment in full for all shares of
Company Common Stock outstanding at the Effective Time) and the other
transactions contemplated hereby (including, but not limited to, those
contemplated by Section 5.8 hereof).   (g) Full Disclosure. None of the
information supplied or to be supplied by Parent or Merger Sub for inclusion
or incorporation by reference in the Proxy Statement will, at the date it is
first mailed to the Company\'s stockholders or at the time of the
Stockholders Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they are made, not misleading.   ARTICLE 4   COVENANTS RELATING TO
CONDUCT OF BUSINESS   4.1 Conduct of Business. Except as previously
consented to in writing by Parent or otherwise expressly permitted by this
Agreement, between the date of this Agreement and the earlier of the
termination of this Agreement or the Effective Time (the "Interim Period"),
(i) the Company shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries, (A) to operate their
respective businesses in the Ordinary Course of Business, and (B) to use all
commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact their assets, properties,
Contracts and licenses of their current business organization, keep available
the service of their current officers and employees and preserve their
relationships with customers, suppliers, distributors, lessors, licensors,
licensees, creditors, employees, contractors and others having business
dealings with them, and (ii) the Company shall not, and shall not permit any
of its Subsidiaries to:   (a) declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, or
make any other distributions (whether in cash, stock or property) in respect
of, any of its capital stock;   (b) purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire
any shares of capital stock or any other securities of the Company or its
Subsidiaries or any options, warrants, calls or rights to acquire any such
shares or other securities, or take any action to accelerate any vesting
provisions of any such shares or securities, other than (i) the acceleration
of Options in accordance with their terms, (ii) the acceleration of the final
purchase date of the Payroll Deduction Period under the ESPP, (iii) the
repurchase of shares from employees or former    32    employees of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to elections made by employees or
former employees to sell or otherwise transfer shares of Company Common Stock
to the Company to satisfy withholding obligations, and (iv) the repurchase of
unvested shares by the Company, at a price per share not greater than the
purchase price originally paid for those shares, from employees or service
providers of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the
termination of their employment with or service to the Company or
its Subsidiaries;   (c) split, combine or reclassify any of its capital
stock or issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities in respect
of, in lieu of, or in substitution for shares of its capital stock or any of
its other securities;   (d) issue, deliver, sell, pledge or otherwise
encumber any shares of its capital stock, any other equity or voting
interests or any securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, or any
options, warrants, calls or rights to acquire, any such shares, voting
securities or convertible or exchangeable securities or any stock
appreciation rights or other rights that are linked in any way to the price
of Company Common Stock or in any way alter the capitalization structure of
the Company existing on the date of this Agreement (other than the issuance
of shares of Company Common Stock upon the exercise of Options or Warrants
outstanding on the date of this Agreement pursuant to their terms as in
effect on the date of this Agreement or as a result of the transactions
contemplated hereby);   (e) amend or propose to amend its Certificate of
Incorporation or Bylaws (or similar organizational documents);   (f)
directly or indirectly, acquire or agree to acquire (i) by merging or
consolidating with, or by purchasing all or substantially all of the
assets or capital stock of, or by any other manner, any assets constituting a
material business or any corporation, partnership, limited liability company,
joint venture or association or other entity or division thereof, or any
direct or indirect interest in any of the foregoing, or (ii) any material
assets, other than inventory or immaterial assets in each case in the
Ordinary Course of Business;   (g) adopt a plan of complete or partial
liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring,
recapitalization or other reorganization of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or otherwise permit the corporate existence of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries to be suspended, lapsed or revoked;   (h) directly
or indirectly sell, lease, license, sell and leaseback, mortgage or otherwise
encumber or subject to any Lien or otherwise dispose of any of its properties
or assets or any interest therein with a value, individually or in the
aggregate, in excess of $150,000, except in the Ordinary Course of
Business;   (i) (i) repurchase, prepay or incur any indebtedness or
assume, guarantee or endorse any indebtedness of another Person, or issue or
sell any debt securities or options, warrants, calls or other rights to
acquire any debt securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except
for borrowings in the Ordinary Course of Business or transactions between the
Company and Parent or (ii) make any loans, advances or capital contributions
to, or    33    investments in, any other Person, other than the
Company or any direct or indirect wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company;  
(j) incur or commit to incur any capital expenditures, or any obligations or
liabilities in connection therewith that, in individually or in the
aggregate, are in excess of $100,000, except in the Ordinary Course
of Business;   (k) pay, discharge, settle or satisfy any claims (including
claims of stockholders), liabilities or obligations (whether absolute,
accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise), other than the
payment, discharge or satisfaction in the Ordinary Course of Business as
required by any Contract, any applicable Law or any Order or as required by
their terms as in effect on the date of this Agreement of material claims,
liabilities or obligations reflected or reserved against in the Unaudited
Financial Statements (for amounts not in excess of such reserves) or incurred
since the date of such Unaudited Financial Statements in the Ordinary Course
of Business, or waive, release, grant or transfer any right of material
value, other than in the Ordinary Course of Business, or waive any material
benefits of, or agree to modify in any adverse respect, or, subject to the
terms hereof, fail to enforce, or consent to any matter with respect to which
its consent is required under, any material confidentiality, standstill or
similar agreement to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a
party;   (l) enter into, modify, amend or terminate (i) any Contract which
if so entered into, modified, amended or terminated could be reasonably
likely to (x) have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company, (y) impair in
any material respect the ability of the Company to perform its obligations
under this Agreement or (z) prevent or materially delay the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or (ii) except in the
Ordinary Course of Business, any Material Contract to which the Company or
any Subsidiary thereof is a party;   (m) (i) except as set forth in Section
4.1(m)(i) of the Disclosure Schedule and as otherwise contemplated by this
Agreement or as required to comply with applicable Laws or any Contract or
Benefit Plans existing on the date of this Agreement, pay any material
benefit not provided for as of the date of this Agreement under any Contract
or Benefit Plan (provided, however, immediately before the Effective Time,
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries may pay to such officers and employees
of the Company or its Subsidiaries, as applicable, who will be terminated in
connection with the Merger executive and non-executive bonuses in cash and
restricted stock in an amount equal to what such officers and employees would
have been entitled to had such officers and employees been employed with the
Surviving Corporation at the Effective Time) or (ii) enter into, modify,
amend or terminate any Benefit Plan, or (iii) adopt or enter into any
collective bargaining agreement or other labor union contract applicable to
the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary thereof;   (n) hire any
additional employees with an annual base salary in excess of $100,000 or
retain any additional consultants, whose engagement could not be terminated
on thirty days notice, materially increase the compensation of any employees,
officers or consultants (other than in the Ordinary Course of Business) or
enter into any employment or consulting agreements; provided, however, that
the Company may hire employees for the sole purpose of replacing employees
who have been terminated or have terminated their employment on terms   
34    and conditions (including compensation) which are substantially the
same, in all material respects, as the terms and conditions of the employees
being replaced;   (o) terminate any officer or employee of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries other than for good reason or for reasonable
cause;   (p) maintain insurance at less than current levels or otherwise in
a manner inconsistent with past practice;   (q) except as required by GAAP,
revalue any of its material assets or make any changes in accounting methods,
principles or practices;   (r) make or change any material Tax election,
settle or compromise any material Tax liability, agree to an extension of the
statute of limitations with respect to the assessment or determination of
material Taxes, file any amended Tax Return with respect to any material Tax,
enter into any closing agreement with respect to any material Tax or
surrender any right to claim a material Tax refund;   (s) enter into any
transaction that could give rise to a disclosure obligation as a "reportable
transaction" under Section 6011 of the Code and the regulations
thereunder;   (t) make any changes in its accounting methods or method of
Tax accounting, practices or policies, except as may be required under
applicable law, rule, regulation or GAAP, in each case as concurred in by
Company\'s independent public accountants;   (u) engage in any transaction
with, or enter into any agreement, arrangement or understanding with,
directly or indirectly, any Affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary,
including any transactions, agreements, arrangements or understandings with
any Affiliate or other Person covered by Item 404 of SEC Regulation S-K that
would be required to be disclosed under such Item 404;   (v) compromise or
settle any suit, claim, action, investigation or proceeding directly relating
to or affecting the Company\'s Intellectual Property or having a value or in
an amount in excess of $100,000;   (w) effectuate a "plant closing" or "mass
layoff," as those terms are defined in the Worker Adjustment and Retraining
Notification Act of 1988, as amended, affecting in whole or in part any site
of employment, facility, operating unit or employee of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries;   (x) grant any material refunds, credits, rebates or
other allowances by the Company to any end user, customer, reseller or
distributor, in each case, other than in the Ordinary Course of Business;
or   (y) authorize any of, or commit, resolve or agree to take any of,
the foregoing actions.    35     Notwithstanding Section 4.1, during
the Interim Period, the Company may, after providing notice to Parent in the
Company\'s sole discretion and without the consent of Parent, comply with its
legally binding obligations outstanding as of the date of this Agreement that
have been either Made Available to Parent or disclosed in the Company SEC
Documents in accordance with the terms of such agreements.   4.2 No
Solicitation by the Company.   (a) No Solicitation or Negotiation. The
Company shall not, nor shall it authorize or permit any of its Subsidiaries
or any of its or their directors, officers, employees, investment bankers,
attorneys, accountants or other advisors or representatives (such directors,
officers, employees, investment bankers, attorneys, accountants, other
advisors and representatives, collectively, "Representatives") to directly or
indirectly:   (i) solicit, initiate, encourage or take any other action
to facilitate any inquiries or the making of any proposal or offer
that constitutes, or could reasonably be expected to lead to, any Takeover
Proposal, including amending or granting any waiver or release under any
standstill or similar agreement with respect to any Company Common Stock;
or   (ii) enter into, continue or otherwise participate in any discussions
or negotiations regarding, furnish to any Person any information with respect
to, assist or participate in any effort or attempt by any Person with respect
to, or otherwise cooperate in any way with, any Takeover
Proposal.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to the adoption of the
Merger Agreement at the Stockholders Meeting (the "Specified Time"), the
Company may, to the extent required by the fiduciary obligations of its Board
of Directors, as determined in good faith by the Company\'s Board of
Directors after consultation with outside counsel, in response to a bona fide
written Takeover Proposal made or received after the date of this Agreement
that the Company\'s Board of Directors determines in good faith after
consultation with outside counsel and a nationally recognized independent
financial advisor is reasonably likely to lead to a Superior Proposal, in
each case that did not result from a material breach by the Company of this
Section 4.2, and subject to compliance with Section 4.2(c),   (X) furnish
information with respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries to the Person
making such Takeover Proposal (and its representatives) pursuant to a
customary confidentiality agreement not less restrictive of the other party
than the Confidentiality Agreement, provided that copies of all such
information are provided to Parent on a prior or substantially concurrent
basis; and   (Y) participate in discussions or negotiations with the Person
making such Takeover Proposal (and its representatives) regarding
such Takeover Proposal.  Without limiting the foregoing, it is agreed that
any material violation of the restrictions set forth in this Section 4.2(a)
by any Representative of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, whether or
not such Person is purporting to act on behalf of the Company or otherwise,
shall be deemed to be a breach of this Section 4.2(a) by the Company. The
term "Takeover Proposal" means any inquiry, proposal or offer from any Person
relating to, or that is reasonably likely to lead to, any   
36   direct or indirect acquisition, in one transaction or a series of
transactions, including any merger, consolidation, tender offer, exchange
offer, stock acquisition, asset acquisition, binding share exchange, business
combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution, joint venture or
similar transaction, of (i) all or any part of the material assets,
properties or business of the Company or its Subsidiaries or (ii) all or any
part of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock or capital stock of,
or other equity or voting interests in, the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries. The term "Superior Proposal" means any unsolicited, bona fide
written proposal made by a third party to acquire substantially all the
equity securities or assets of the Company, pursuant to a tender or exchange
offer, a merger, a consolidation or a sale of its assets, on terms which the
Board of Directors of the Company determines in its good faith judgment to be
materially more favorable from a financial point of view to the holders of
Company Common Stock than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
following consultation with a nationally recognized independent financial
advisor, taking into account all the terms and conditions of such proposal
and this Agreement (including any proposal by Parent to amend the terms of
this Agreement).   (b) No Change in Recommendation or Alternative
Acquisition Agreement. Neither the Company Board nor any committee thereof
shall:   (i) except as set forth in this Section 4.2, withdraw or
modify, or propose to withdraw or modify, in a manner adverse to Parent or
Merger Sub, the approval or recommendation by the Company\'s Board of
Directors or any such committee of this Agreement or the Merger;   (ii)
cause or permit the Company to enter into any letter of intent, memorandum of
understanding, agreement in principle, acquisition agreement, merger
agreement or similar agreement (an "Alternative Acquisition Agreement")
constituting or relating to any Takeover Proposal (other than
a confidentiality agreement referred to in Section 4.2(a) entered into in
the circumstances referred to in Section 4.2(a) and Section 4.2(c)); or  
(iii) adopt, approve or recommend, or propose to adopt, approve or recommend,
any Takeover Proposal.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company\'s Board
of Directors may, in response to a Superior Proposal that did not result from
a material breach by the Company of this Section 4.2, take any action
specified in Section 4.2(b)(i) and Section 4.2(b)(iii) above, if its Board of
Directors determines in good faith, after consultation with outside counsel,
that its fiduciary obligations require it to do so, but only at a time that
is prior to the Specified Time and is after the second business day following
Parent\'s receipt of written notice advising Parent that the Company\'s Board
of Directors desires to withdraw or modify the recommendation due to the
existence of a Superior Proposal (or any material change in the terms of such
Superior Proposal) (which notification shall contain a copy of the Superior
Proposal) or to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1(h), and
identifying the Person making such Superior Proposal. Such two business day
period shall be required for each and every Superior Proposal or modification
thereto, as applicable, and only after complying in all material respects
with the Company\'s obligations under Section 4.2(c) (provided however, the
Company shall be required to deliver only one such notice to Parent hereunder
in the event that the Company\'s notice discloses the   
37    Company\'s intent to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section
7.1(h) hereof). Nothing in this Section 4.2 shall be deemed to (A) permit the
Company to take any action described in clauses (ii) of the first sentence of
this Section 4.2(b), or (B) affect any obligation of the Company under this
Agreement or (C) except upon a termination of this Agreement pursuant to
Section 7.1(h), limit the Company\'s obligation to call, give notice of,
convene and hold the Stockholders Meeting, regardless of whether the
Company\'s Board of Directors has withdrawn or modified its recommendation of
this Agreement and the Merger.   (c) Notices to Parent; Additional
Negotiations. In addition to the obligations of the Company set forth in
Section 4.2(a) and Section 4.2(b), the Company shall promptly, but in no
event later than 24 hours, advise Parent orally or in writing of any written
request for non-public information concerning the Company that the Company
reasonably believes could lead to or contemplates a Takeover Proposal or of
any Takeover Proposal, including any inquiry for nonpublic information
relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the terms and conditions
of such request, Takeover Proposal or inquiry (including any subsequent
material amendment or modification to such terms and conditions) and the
identity of the Person making any such request, Takeover Proposal or inquiry.
The Company shall not provide any information to or participate in
discussions or negotiations with the Person or entity making any Superior
Proposal until after the Company has first notified Parent of such Takeover
Proposal as required by the preceding sentence. The Company shall
(i) promptly notify Parent if it has begun to furnish information to, or
to participate in discussions or negotiations with, a Person making any
such Takeover Proposal or inquiry and shall immediately advise Parent orally,
with written confirmation to follow promptly (and in any event within 24
hours), of any material change in the terms of any such Takeover Proposal or
inquiry, (ii) provide to Parent as soon as practicable after receipt or
delivery thereof copies of all correspondence and other written material sent
or provided to the Company from any third party in connection with any
Takeover Proposal, and (iii) if Parent shall make a counterproposal
(including without limitation following delivery of a written notice to
Parent pursuant to Section 4.2(b) or this Section 4.2(c)), consider and cause
its financial and legal advisors to consider in good faith the terms of such
counterproposal.   (d) Cessation of Ongoing Discussions. The Company shall,
and shall cause its Subsidiaries and its and their Representatives to, cease
immediately all discussions and negotiations regarding any proposal that
constitutes, or could reasonably be expected to lead to, a Takeover Proposal.
The Company shall immediately cease existing discussions or negotiations with
any Persons conducted heretofore with respect to a Takeover Proposal.   (e)
Certain Permitted Disclosure. Nothing in this Section 4.2 or elsewhere in
this Agreement shall prevent the Company from complying with Rule 14d-9 and
Rule 14e-2 under the Exchange Act.   4.3 ESPP. All outstanding purchase
rights under the ESPP shall terminate, as of June 1, 2006, in accordance with
the terms of the ESPP, and participants in the ESPP shall receive a refund of
unused contributions, if any, as soon as reasonably practicable following the
Closing. The Company shall cause the ESPP to terminate with such purchase,
and no further purchase rights shall be granted or exercised under the
ESPP.    38     4.4 Rights Agreement. Following the date of this
Agreement, the Company shall not amend, terminate, redeem or grant any waiver
under the Rights Agreement.   4.5 Employee Benefit Matters. Unless Parent
consents otherwise in writing, the Company shall take all action necessary to
terminate, or cause to be terminated, effective as of the date immediately
prior to the Closing Date, any Benefit Plan that is a 401(k) plan or other
defined contribution retirement plan. Parent shall receive evidence that the
Board of Directors of the Company has adopted resolutions to terminate the
401(k) plan or such other defined contribution retirement plan (the form and
substance of which resolutions shall be subject to review and approval of
Parent), effective as of the date immediately prior to the Closing Date.  
4.6 Confidentiality. The parties acknowledge that Parent and the Company (on
behalf of the Company and all of is Subsidiaries) have previously
executed the Confidentiality Agreement, which Confidentiality Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect in accordance with its terms, except as
expressly modified herein.   ARTICLE 5   ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS   5.1
Preparation of the Proxy Statement; Stockholders Meeting; Other
Board Actions.   (a) As soon as reasonably practicable following the date
of this Agreement, the Company shall prepare and file with the SEC the Proxy
Statement. The Company shall promptly notify Parent of any comments from the
SEC or its staff or any request from the SEC or its staff for amendments or
supplements to the Proxy Statement and shall promptly provide to Parent
copies of all correspondence between it and its representatives, on the one
hand, and the SEC and its staff, on the other hand. Each of the Company and
Parent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to respond as promptly as
practicable to any comments of the SEC with respect to the Proxy Statement
and to cause the Proxy Statement to be mailed to the Company\'s stockholders
as promptly as practicable after all such SEC comments have been resolved.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to filing or mailing the Proxy Statement
(or any amendment or supplement thereto) or responding to any comments of the
SEC with respect thereto, the Company (i) shall provide Parent with a
reasonable opportunity to review and comment on such document or response and
(ii) shall not file or mail such document or respond to the SEC prior to
receiving Parent\'s approval, which approval shall not be unreasonably
withheld, delayed or conditioned.   (b) The Company shall, as promptly as
reasonably practicable following the date of receipt of notification of
clearance of the Proxy Statement, or notification of no review of the Proxy
Statement, by the SEC, establish a record date for, duly call, give notice
of, convene and hold a meeting of its stockholders (the "Stockholders
Meeting") for the purpose of obtaining Stockholder Approval, regardless of
whether the Board of Directors of the Company determines at any time that
this Agreement or the Merger is no longer advisable or recommends that the
stockholders of the Company reject this Agreement or the Merger, in all cases
subject to its rights and obligations under Section 4.2, Section 5.1(e) and
Section 7.1. The Company shall cause the Stockholders Meeting to be held as
promptly as practicable following the date of    39    receipt of
notification of clearance of the Proxy Statement, or notification of no
review of the Proxy Statement, by the SEC. The Company shall, through
its Board of Directors, recommend to its stockholders that they adopt and
approve this Agreement and the Merger, and shall include such recommendation
in the Proxy Statement, in each case subject to its rights and obligations
under Section 4.2 and Section 5.1(e) (such recommendation, the "Company
Board Recommendation").   (c) The Company agrees that none of the
information included or incorporated by reference in the Proxy Statement will
(except to the extent revised or superseded by amendments or supplements
contemplated hereby), at the date the Proxy Statement is filed with the SEC
or mailed to the Company\'s stockholders or at the time of the Stockholders
Meeting, or at the time of any amendment or supplement thereof, contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not
misleading. The Proxy Statement will comply as to form in all material
respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act.   (d) The Board of
Directors of the Company, or a committee thereof consisting of non-employee
directors (as such term is defined for purposes of Rule 16b-3(d) under the
Exchange Act), shall adopt a resolution in advance of the Effective Time
authorizing the disposition by the Company Insiders of their shares of
Company Common Stock for cash and the disposition of their
outstanding Options, in each case pursuant to the transactions contemplated
hereby, for purposes of qualifying those dispositions for the exemption
provided pursuant to Rule 16b-3(e) under the Exchange Act. For purposes of
this Agreement, "Company Insiders" means those officers and directors of the
Company who are subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the
Exchange Act.   (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
Section 5.1(b) or any other provision of this Agreement, at any time prior to
the adoption of this Agreement by the Required Stockholder Vote, the Company
Board Recommendation may be withdrawn or modified in a manner adverse to
Parent if (i) a Takeover Proposal is made to the Company and is not
withdrawn; (ii) the Company provides Parent with at least two Business Days
prior notice of any meeting of the Company Board at which the Board of
Directors of the Company will consider and determine whether such Takeover
Proposal is a Superior Proposal; (iii) the Board of Directors of the Company
determines in good faith, after consultation with its financial advisor, that
such Takeover Proposal constitutes a Superior Proposal; and (iv) the Board of
Directors determines in good faith, after consultation with outside counsel,
that in light of such Superior Proposal, failing to withdraw or modify the
Company Board Recommendation is required in order for the Company\'s board of
directors to comply with its fiduciary obligations to the Company\'s
stockholders under applicable law; and (v) the Company shall not have
violated in any material respect any of the restrictions set forth in Section
4.2.   5.2 Access to Information; Confidentiality; Cooperation with
Financing.   (a) During the Interim Period, the Company shall provide, and
shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to provide, to Parent and to the
Representatives of Parent, reasonable access during normal business hours
without undue disruption of their respective businesses, to   
40    all their respective properties, books, contracts, commitments,
personnel and records and, during such period, the Company shall, and shall
cause each of its Subsidiaries to, furnish promptly to Parent (i) a copy of
each report, schedule, form, statement and other document filed by it or
received by it during such period pursuant to the requirements of federal or
state securities Laws, (ii) to the extent available, for the period beginning
after the date of this Agreement and ending at the Effective Time, as soon as
practicable after the end of each month (if available), a copy of the monthly
consolidated financial statements of the Company, including statement of
financial condition, result of operations, and statements of cash flow, and
(iii) all other information concerning its business, properties and personnel
as Parent may reasonably request. Parent will hold, and will cause its
Representatives to hold, any nonpublic information in accordance with the
terms of the Confidentiality Agreement dated September 7, 2005 (the
"Confidentiality Agreement"). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein
or in the Confidentiality Agreement, each of the Parties hereto (and
each employee, representative, or other agent of such parties) may disclose
to any Person, without limitation of any kind, the Tax treatment and Tax
structure of the Merger and all materials (including opinions or other Tax
analyses) that are provided to such party relating to such Tax treatment and
Tax structure.   (b) During the Interim Period, the Company shall provide,
and shall cause its Subsidiaries and its and their Representatives to
provide, to Parent and to the Representatives of Parent, all cooperation that
may be reasonably requested by Parent in connection with Parent\'s financing
of the consideration payable pursuant to Section 2.1(c).   5.3 Regulatory
Approvals; Further Actions.   (a) Upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in this Agreement, each of the Parties agrees to use all
commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions,
and to do, or cause to be done, and to assist and cooperate with the other
Parties in doing, all things that are necessary or advisable to consummate
and make effective the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, including (i) the taking of all commercially reasonable acts
necessary to cause the conditions in ARTICLE 6 to be satisfied, (ii) the
obtaining of all necessary actions or nonactions, waivers, consents and
approvals from Governmental Entities and the making of all necessary
registrations, filings and notices and the taking of all reasonable steps as
may be necessary to obtain an approval or waiver from, or to avoid an action
or proceeding by, any Governmental Entity, (iii) the obtaining of
all necessary consents, approvals or waivers from third parties and (iv)
the execution and delivery of any additional instruments necessary to
consummate the transactions contemplated by, and to fully carry out the
purposes of, this Agreement. Nothing set forth in this Section 5.3 will limit
or affect actions permitted to be taken pursuant to Section 4.2.   (b)
Without limiting the generality of Section 5.3(a), the Company and Parent
shall, promptly after the date of this Agreement, prepare and file
the notifications required under the HSR Act and any other Antitrust Laws
in connection with the Merger. The Company and Parent will request
early termination of the waiting period under the HSR Act. The Company and
Parent shall respond as promptly as practicable to any inquiries or requests
received from any Governmental Entity in connection with antitrust or related
matters. Each of the Company and Parent shall (1) give the other party prompt
notice of the commencement or threat of commencement of any suit, claim,
action, investigation or proceeding by or before any   
41    Governmental Entity with respect to the Merger or any of the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (2) keep the other party
informed as to the status of any such suit, claim, action, investigation,
proceeding or threat, (3) promptly inform the other party of any material
communication concerning Antitrust Laws to or from any Governmental Entity
regarding the Merger and (4) furnish to the other party such information and
assistance as the other may reasonably request in connection with any filing
or other act undertaken in compliance with the HSR Act and any other
Antitrust Laws. Except as may be prohibited by any Governmental Entity, the
Company and Parent will consult and cooperate with one another, and will
consider in good faith the views of one another, in connection with any
analysis, appearance, presentation, memorandum, brief, argument, opinion or
proposal made or submitted in connection with any suit, claim, action,
investigation or proceeding under or relating to the HSR Act or any other
Antitrust Law. Subject to the foregoing, Parent shall be principally
responsible for and in control of the process of dealing with
any Governmental Entity concerning the effect of applicable Antitrust Laws on
the transaction contemplated by this Agreement; provided, however, that
Parent agrees, to the extent permitted by applicable Law and as practicable,
to provide prior notice to, and consult with, the Company with respect to any
actions contemplated by Parent in connection with this Section 5.3. In
addition, except as may be prohibited by any Governmental Entity or by any
Law, in connection with any Legal Proceeding under or relating to the HSR Act
or any other foreign, federal or state antitrust or fair trade Law or any
other similar Legal Proceeding, each of the Company and Parent will permit
authorized Representatives of the other party to be present at each meeting
or conference relating to any such Legal Proceeding and to have access to and
be consulted in connection with any document, opinion or proposal made or
submitted to any Governmental Entity in connection with any such Legal
Proceeding.   5.4 Takeover Statutes. Notwithstanding any other provision of
this Agreement, in no event shall the approval of the Merger and this
Agreement by the Board of Directors of the Company under Section 203 of the
DGCL be withdrawn, revoked or modified by the Board of Directors of the
Company. If any Takeover Statute is or may become applicable to the Merger or
any of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Company and
the Company\'s Board of Directors shall promptly grant such approvals and
take such lawful actions as are necessary so that such transactions may be
consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated by this
Agreement or the Merger, as the case may be, and otherwise take such lawful
actions to eliminate or minimize the effects of such statute, and any
regulations promulgated thereunder, on such transactions.   5.5 Public
Announcements. Unless otherwise required by applicable Law, Parent and Merger
Sub, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, shall, to the
extent reasonably practicable, consult with each other before issuing, and
give each other a reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon, any
press release or other public statements with respect to this Agreement, the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby. The Parties agree that
the initial press release to be issued with respect to the entering into of
this Agreement shall be in a form mutually agreeable to the Parties.   5.6
Directors\' and Officers\' Insurance and Indemnification.   (a) All rights
to indemnification, advancement of litigation expenses and limitation of
personal liability existing in favor of the directors, officers and employees
of the    42    Company and its Subsidiaries under the provisions
existing on the date of this Agreement in the Company\'s Certificate of
Incorporation or Bylaws shall, with respect to any matter existing or
occurring at or prior to the Effective Time (including the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement), survive the Effective Time, and, as of the
Effective Time, Parent and the Surviving Corporation shall assume all
obligations of the Company in respect thereof as to any claim or claims
asserted prior to or within a six-year period immediately after the Effective
Time.   (b) For a period of six years after the Effective Time, the
Surviving Corporation shall cause to be maintained in effect the current
policies of directors\' and officers\' and fiduciary liability insurance
maintained by the Company (provided that the Surviving Corporation may
substitute therefor policies of at least the same coverage and amounts
containing terms and conditions which are no less advantageous to former
officers and directors of the Company) only with respect to claims arising
from facts or events which occurred at or before the Effective Time;
provided, however, that in no event shall the Surviving Corporation be
required to expend pursuant to this Section 5.6(b) more than an aggregate
amount equal to 180% of the current aggregate annual premiums paid by the
Company for such insurance, and if the amount of the aggregate annual
premiums necessary to maintain or procure such insurance coverage exceeds
such maximum amount, the Surviving Corporation during such six-year period
shall maintain or procure as much coverage as possible for aggregate annual
premiums not to exceed such maximum amount.   (c) The provisions of this
Section 5.6 are intended to be for the benefit of, and will be enforceable
by, each indemnified party, his or her heirs and his or her representatives,
and are in addition to, and not in substitution for, any other rights to
indemnification or contribution that any such Person may have by contract or
otherwise.   5.7 Company Stock Plans. The administrator(s) of the Company
Stock Plans shall take such action as is necessary or advisable (in the
administrator(s) sole discretion) such that the holders of Options
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall automatically, without any
required action of the Company or any Subsidiary or any required consent or
approval of any Option holder, become fully vested and entitled, upon
exercise of such Option in accordance with its terms, to receive the Merger
Consideration, if any.   5.8 Debt Tender Offer.   (a) As soon as
reasonably practicable after the necessary Offer Documents are prepared (as
contemplated in Section 5.8(b) below) and subject to the compliance by Parent
of its obligation in the first sentence of Section 5.8(b) below, the Company
shall launch a cash tender offer (the "Debt Tender Offer") at least twenty
days prior to the Closing Date for all of the outstanding 5% Convertible
Subordinated Notes due November 1, 2007 of the Company (the "Notes"), on the
terms and conditions acceptable to Parent and consistent with the terms of
the Financing, and Parent and Merger Sub shall assist the Company in
connection therewith.   (b) Promptly after the date of this Agreement,
Parent shall prepare all necessary and appropriate documentation in
connection with the Debt Tender Offer, including the offer to purchase,
letters of transmittal and other related documents (collectively, the "Offer
Documents"), and such Offer Documents shall comply as to form and substance
with applicable    43    legal requirements, including but not limited
to, the requirements under the Exchange Act. Parent and the Company shall
cooperate with each other in the preparation of the Offer Documents such that
the Debt Tender Offer can commence at least twenty days prior to the Closing
Date. All mailings to the holders of the Notes in connection with the Debt
Tender Offer shall be subject to the prior review and comment by each of the
Company and Parent and shall be reasonably acceptable to each of them.  
(c) The closing of the Debt Tender Offer (and any purchase of the Tendered
Notes) shall be conditioned on the occurrence of the Closing. Upon
the closing of the Debt Tender Offer, at Closing and in accordance with the
terms of the Debt Tender Offer, Parent may cause the Surviving Corporation to
accept for purchase the Notes tendered in the Debt Tender Offer (the
"Tendered Notes") and purchase all of the Tendered Notes, including payment
of any applicable premium, and all related fees and expenses (the "Tender
Amount").   (d) If requested by Parent, the Company shall enter into one or
more reasonable dealer manager agreements with such Persons as Parent
shall reasonably request. Parent shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses
of any dealer manager, information agent, depositary or other agent retained
in connection with the Debt Tender Offer.   5.9 Financing. Parent shall use
its commercially reasonable efforts to consummate, concurrently with the
Closing, the Financing pursuant to and consistent with the Commitment Letter
and the Stock Purchase Agreement.   5.10 Employee Matters. Each employee of
the Company or its Subsidiaries who continues employment with Parent, the
Surviving Corporation or any Subsidiary of Parent after the Effective Time (a
"Continuing Employee") shall be eligible to continue to participate in the
Surviving Corporation\'s health, vacation and other non-equity based employee
benefit plans; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 5.10 or
elsewhere in this Agreement shall limit the right of Parent or the Surviving
Corporation to amend or terminate any such health, vacation or other employee
benefit plan at any time. For purposes of eligibility to participate and
vesting in all benefits provided by Parent to such employees, the employees
of the Company and its Subsidiaries will be credited with their years of
service with the Company and its Subsidiaries and prior employers to the
extent service with Parent and its Subsidiaries and prior employers is
taken into account under the plans of Parent and its Subsidiaries. The
eligibility of any employee of the Company and its Subsidiaries to
participate in any welfare benefit plan or program of Parent shall not be
subject to any exclusions for any pre-existing conditions if such individual
has met the participation requirements of similar benefit plans and programs
of the Company and its Subsidiaries.   5.11 Change of Control and Related
Matters. For purposes of all Benefit Plans (including all severance
agreements, employment related agreements, stock option plans, restricted
stock plans and any and all award or other agreements associated with any
Benefit Plan), the transactions associated with this Agreement shall, on the
Closing, conclusively and irrefutably, and without the need for further
action by any Person or Persons unless otherwise provided for herein, (i)
establish a change of (or in) control, (ii) result in full vesting for
outstanding stock option and restricted stock awards, and (iii)
establish, solely with respect to the Persons set forth in Schedule 5.11
(other than those Persons, if any, who have voluntarily waived   
44    such treatment hereunder in writing before the Closing Date), a
termination without cause or a resignation with or for good reason, with the
consequences, including, but not limited to, the right of each such Person to
continue, at no cost to the Person, any medical insurance coverage that was
in effect, for the Person and the Person\'s dependents (if any), immediately
before the Closing Date until the earlier of the expiration of such Person\'s
continuation coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation
Act of 1985, as amended, and the date on which the replacement coverage
begins with another employer. All payments due and owing to any Person under
Benefit Plans as a result of the foregoing shall be made by the Company,
Parent or the Surviving Corporation at Closing (and each such entity shall be
jointly and severally liable for making such payments).   5.12 Audited
Financial Statements. The Company shall deliver to Parent the Audited
Financial Statements no later than May 26, 2006.   5.13 Letters of Credit.
The Company agrees to cooperate reasonably with Parent in Parent\'s efforts
to replace, at Closing, all of the existing letters of credit (the "Existing
Letters of Credit") issued by Silicon Valley Bank ("SVB") under the Existing
Loan Agreement with newly issued letters of credit (the "Replacement Letters
of Credit") issued under the debt portion of the Financing on the Closing
Date (which assistance shall include, without limitation, contacting the
beneficiaries of the Existing Letters of Credit and reasonably assisting
Parent in efforts to have such beneficiaries accept such replacement letters
of credit) and terminating the Existing Loan Agreement and all other loan and
security documents in connection therewith and terminating, as of the
Closing, all liens and security interests of the Company and its affiliates
in favor of SVB. In the event that the beneficiaries of the Existing Letters
of Credit do not accept the Replacement Letters of Credit, then Parent agrees
to either cash collateralize the Existing Letters of Credit or to cause a new
letter of credit to be issued under the debt portion of the Financing
in favor of SVB to support the Existing Letters of Credit such that the
Existing Loan Agreement, and all other loan and security documents in
connection therewith, shall be terminated and all liens and security
interests in favor of SVB terminated, in each case, as of the Closing.  
ARTICLE 6   CONDITIONS PRECEDENT   6.1 Conditions to Each Party\'s
Obligation to Effect the Merger. The respective obligation of each Party to
effect the Merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following
conditions:   (a) Company Stockholder Approval. Stockholder Approval shall
have been duly obtained.   (b) Antitrust. Any waiting period (and any
extension thereof) applicable to the Merger under the HSR Act and any other
Antitrust Law shall have been terminated or shall have expired, and any
approval of the Merger or the transactions contemplated hereby required in
connection with any of the foregoing has been obtained.    45     6.2
Conditions to Obligation of Parent and Merger Sub. The obligations of Parent
and Merger Sub to effect the Merger are further subject to the satisfaction
or waiver of the following conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties.
Each of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein
shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date of this
Agreement and as of the Effective Time with the same effect as though made as
of the Effective Time (except that the accuracy of representations and
warranties that by their terms speak as of a specified date will be true and
correct in all material respects as of such specified date); provided,
however, that (i) in determining the accuracy of such representations and
warranties and for the purposes of this Section 6.2(a), all materiality
qualifications that are contained in such representations and warranties
shall be disregarded; and (ii) the condition set forth in this Section 6.2(a)
shall be deemed satisfied unless the circumstances giving rise to all
inaccuracies in such representations and warranties (considered collectively)
constitute a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. Parent shall have
received a certificate signed on behalf of the Company by the chief executive
officer and principal financial officer of the Company to such effect.   (b)
Performance of Obligations of the Company. The Company shall have duly
performed each of the covenants or obligations required to be performed by it
under this Agreement at or prior to the Effective Time in all
material respects, and Parent shall have received a certificate signed on
behalf of the Company by the chief executive officer or the principal
financial officer of the Company to such effect.   (c) Consents. The
Company shall have obtained the following, which shall be in full force and
effect: (i) all authorizations, qualifications and orders of Governmental
Entities required in connection with this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and (ii) all consents and approvals of other
third parties as listed on Schedule 6.2(c), and Parent shall have received
evidence, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to it, to such
effect.   (d) No Material Adverse Effect. There shall not have occurred
a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.   (e) Maintenance of Cash
Position. (i) The Company and its Subsidiaries shall as of the Closing
collectively hold at least $136,000,000 in cash, marketable securities or any
and all of the following (and any accrued or unaccrued fees and expenses
associated with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (and the
payments to be made by or on behalf of the Company hereunder at Closing)
shall not be deducted therefrom or offset against such amounts): (A) direct
obligations of, or obligations the timely payment of principal and interest
on which are unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States of America; (B)
money market funds rated in the highest applicable category by Standard and
Poors Ratings Group and Moody\'s Investors Service; (C) demand deposits, time
deposits or certificates of deposit of any depository institution or trust
company incorporated under the Laws of the United States of America or any
State, or any domestic branch of a foreign bank and subject to supervision
and examination by federal or state banking or depository institution
authorities; and (D) any other eligible investments as set forth in the
Company\'s investment policy Made Available to Parent, and (ii)   
46    Parent shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of the
Company by the principal financial officer of the Company as to the matters
referenced in clause (i).   (f) Audited Financial Statements. The Company
shall have delivered to Parent the Audited Financial Statements on or prior
to May 26, 2006, and the Audited Financial Statements shall not be
inconsistent in any material respect from the Unaudited Financial Statements
(provided, however, that this condition to Closing shall be deemed satisfied
if Parent shall have failed to notify the Company within five Business Days
following its receipt of such Audited Financial Statements that it believes
such condition has not been satisfied).   (g) No Restraints. There shall not
be instituted, pending or threatened any action or proceeding by any
Governmental Entity (i) challenging or seeking to restrain, prohibit or
otherwise interfere with the ownership or operation by Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries of all or any portion of the business of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries or of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or to compel Parent
or any of its Subsidiaries to dispose of or hold separate all or any portion
of the business or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or of
Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) seeking to impose or confirm
limitations on the ability of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries to
effectively exercise full rights of ownership of the shares of Company Common
Stock (or shares of stock of the Surviving Corporation) including the right
to vote any such shares on any matters properly presented to stockholders,
(iii) seeking to require divestiture by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries of
any such shares, (iv) challenging or seeking to restrain, prohibit or
otherwise prevent or interfere with the Merger and any of the transactions
contemplated herein, or (v) seeking to obtain from Parent or Merger Sub any
damages or other relief that may be material or significant to Parent
or Merger Sub, taken as a whole.   (h) Financing. Immediately prior to or
concurrently with the Closing, Parent shall have entered into the Financing
in an aggregate amount not less than $275,000,000.   (i) Other Deliveries.
The Company shall have delivered or caused to be delivered to Parent and
Merger Sub, in each case in form and substance acceptable to Parent:   (i)
the Certificate of Merger, duly executed by the Company;   (ii) a
certificate of the Secretary of the Company certifying as of the Effective
Time (A) a true and complete copy of the organizational documents of the
Company certified as of a date by the Office of the Secretary of State of the
State of Delaware (the "Delaware Secretary of State"), (B) a certificate of
each appropriate Secretary of State or other officer certifying the good
standing of the Company in its state of incorporation and all states in which
it is qualified to do business, (C) a true and complete copy of
the resolutions constituting the Board Approval and the Stockholder Approval
and (D) incumbency matters;   (iii) a resignation letter of each of the
directors of the Company, resigning in their capacity as directors of the
Company, each dated effective as of the Closing; and   (iv) such other
documents as Parent or its counsel may reasonably request for the purpose of
facilitating the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.    47    6.3 Conditions to Obligation of the Company. The
obligation of the Company to effect the Merger is further subject to the
satisfaction or waiver, on or prior to the Closing Date, of the following
conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties. Each of the
representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub contained herein
shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date of this
Agreement and as of the Effective Time with the same effect as though made as
of the Effective Time (except that the accuracy of representations and
warranties that by their terms speak as of a specified date will be true and
correct in all material respects as of such specified date); provided,
however, that (i) in determining the accuracy of such representations and
warranties for the purposes of this Section 6.3(a), all materiality
qualifications that are contained in such representations and warranties
shall be disregarded; and (ii) the condition set forth in this Section 6.3(a)
shall be deemed satisfied unless the circumstances giving rise to all
inaccuracies in such representations and warranties (considered collectively)
constitute a Material Adverse Effect on Parent or Merger Sub. The Company
shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of Parent and Merger Sub
by the chief executive officer or chief financial officer of Parent to such
effect.   (b) Performance of Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub. Parent
and Merger Sub shall have duly performed each of the covenants or
obligations required to be performed by them under this Agreement at or prior
to the Effective Time in all material respects, and the Company shall have
received a certificate signed on behalf of the Company by the chief executive
officer, the chief financial officer or senior vice president of Parent to
such effect.   (c) Consents. Parent shall have obtained the following, which
shall be in full force and effect: (i) all authorizations, qualifications and
orders of Governmental Entities required in connection with this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (ii) all consents and
approvals of other third parties, and the Company shall have received
evidence, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to it, to such
effect.   (d) No Legal Restraints. There shall not be instituted, pending
or threatened any action or proceeding by any Governmental Entity (i)
challenging or seeking to restrain, prohibit or otherwise interfere with the
Merger and any of the transactions contemplated herein or (ii) seeking to
obtain from the Company of its Subsidiaries any damages or other relief that
may be material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole.   ARTICLE 7   TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER   7.1
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated prior to the Effective Time
(whether before or after adoption of this Agreement by the
Company\'s stockholders):   (a) by mutual written consent of Parent and the
Company;   (b) by either Parent or the Company if the Merger shall not have
been consummated by October 15, 2006 (unless the failure to consummate the
Merger is attributable    48    to a failure on the part of the party
seeking to terminate this Agreement to perform any material obligation
required to be performed by such party at or prior to the Effective
Time);   (c) by either Parent or the Company if a court of
competent jurisdiction or other Governmental Entity shall have issued a final
and nonappealable Order, or shall have taken any other action, having the
effect of permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the
Merger;   (d) by either Parent or the Company if (i) the Stockholders
Meeting (including any adjournments and postponements thereof) shall have
been held and completed and the Company\'s stockholders shall have voted on a
proposal to adopt this Agreement, and (ii) this Agreement shall not have been
adopted at such meeting (and shall not have been adopted at any adjournment
or postponement thereof) by failing to obtain the Stockholder Approval;
provided, however, that a party shall not be permitted to terminate this
Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.1(d) if the failure to obtain the
Stockholder Approval is attributable to a failure on the part of such party
to perform any material obligation required to be performed by such party at
or prior to the Effective Time;   (e) by Parent (at any time prior to the
receipt of the Stockholder Approval) if a Company Triggering Event shall have
occurred;   (f) by Parent (i) if any of the Company\'s representations
and warranties shall have been inaccurate as of the date of this Agreement,
such that the condition set forth in Section 6.2(a) would not be satisfied,
or (ii) if (A) any of the Company\'s representations and warranties become
inaccurate as of a date subsequent to the date of this Agreement (as if made
on such subsequent date), such that the condition set forth in Section 6.2(a)
would not be satisfied and (B) such inaccuracy has not been cured by the
Company within ten Business Days after its receipt of written notice thereof
and remains uncured at the time notice of termination is given, or (iii) any
of the Company\'s covenants contained in this Agreement shall have been
breached, such that the condition set forth in Section 6.2(b) or Section
6.2(f) would not be satisfied;   (g) by the Company (i) if any of Parent\'s
representations and warranties shall have been inaccurate as of the date of
this Agreement, such that the condition set forth in Section 6.3(a) would not
be satisfied, or (ii) if (A) any of Parent\'s representations and warranties
shall have become inaccurate as of a date subsequent to the date of this
Agreement (as if made on such subsequent date), such that the condition set
forth in Section 6.3(a) would not be satisfied and (B) such inaccuracy has
not been cured by Parent within ten Business Days after its receipt of
written notice thereof and remains uncured at the time notice of termination
is given, or (iii) if any of Parent\'s covenants contained in this Agreement
shall have been breached such that the condition set forth in Section 6.3(b)
would not be satisfied; or   (h) by the Company if, prior to the
Stockholders Meeting, (i) the Board of Directors of the Company shall have
determined that it desires to adopt, approve or recommend entering into a
written agreement providing for a Takeover Proposal which the Board of
Directors of the Company has determined to be a Superior Proposal, (ii) the
Company shall have complied with Section 4.2 in all material respects, and
(iii) the Company prior to or concurrent    49    with such termination
pays to Parent in immediately available funds all amounts required to be paid
pursuant to Section 7.3(b) hereof.   A "Company Triggering Event" shall
mean: (i) the failure of the Board of Directors of the Company to make the
Company Board Recommendation, or the withdrawal or modification of the
Company Board Recommendation by the Board of Directors of the Company in a
manner adverse to Parent; (ii) the Company shall have failed to include in
the Proxy Statement the Company Board Recommendation or a statement to the
effect that the Board of Directors of the Company has determined and believes
that the Merger is in the best interests of the Company\'s stockholders;
(iii) the Board of Directors of the Company shall have approved, endorsed or
recommended any Takeover Proposal; (iv) a tender or exchange offer relating
to securities of the Company shall have been commenced, and the Company shall
not have sent to its security holders, within ten Business Days after the
commencement of such tender or exchange offer, a statement disclosing that
its Board of Directors recommends rejection of such tender or exchange offer;
or (vi) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Representative of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall have breached in any material
respect any of the provisions set forth in Section 4.2.   7.2 Effect of
Termination. In the event of the termination of this Agreement as provided in
Section 7.1, this Agreement shall be of no further force or effect; provided,
however, that (i) this Section 7.2, Section 7.3 and ARTICLE 8 shall survive
the termination of this Agreement and shall remain in full force and effect,
and (ii) except as otherwise provided herein, the termination of this
Agreement shall not relieve any party from any liability for any willful
breach of this Agreement.   7.3 Fees and Expenses.   (a) Except as set
forth in this Section 7.3, all fees and expenses incurred in connection with
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be
paid by the party incurring such expenses, whether or not the Merger is
consummated.   (b) The Company shall pay Parent a nonrefundable termination
fee of $9,750,000 in the event of the termination of this Agreement:   (i)
by Parent pursuant to Section 7.1(e);   (ii) by the Company pursuant to
Section 7.1(h);   (iii) by Parent or the Company pursuant to Section 7.1(d)
if, at or prior to the time of such failure, there shall have been publicly
disclosed or announced a Takeover Proposal relating to the Company and within
twelve months after such termination there shall have been consummated any
transaction, or any agreement shall have been entered into providing for the
merger, consolidation, tender offer, exchange offer, stock acquisition,
asset acquisition, binding share exchange, business combination,
recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution, joint venture or similar
transaction, of (y) all or substantially all of the material assets,
properties or business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole,
or (z) a majority or greater than a majority of the outstanding shares of
Company Common Stock or capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests
in, the Company (each, a "Tail Transaction")    50    with any Person
(or such Person\'s affiliate) who made or disclosed or publicly announced
such Takeover Proposal prior to the termination of this Agreement
(the "Original Bidder"); or   (iv) by Parent or the Company pursuant to
Section 7.1(d) if, at or prior to the time of such failure, there shall have
been publicly disclosed or announced a Takeover Proposal relating to the
Company and within six months after such termination there shall have been
consummated any Tail Transaction with any Person other than the Original
Bidder;   Any fee due under Section 7.3(b)(i) shall be paid to Parent by
wire transfer of the same-day funds within two Business Days after such
termination. Any fee due under Section 7.3(b)(ii) shall be paid to Parent by
wire transfer of same-day funds prior to or on the date of termination of
this Agreement. Any fee due under Section 7.3(b)(iii) and Section 7.3(b)(iv)
shall be paid to Parent by wire transfer of the same-day funds within one
Business Day after the consummation of the Tail Transaction.   (c) The
Company shall pay Parent a nonrefundable termination fee of $4,875,000 in the
event of the termination of this Agreement by Parent or the Company pursuant
to Section 7.1(d) if, at or prior to the time of such failure, there shall
have been publicly disclosed or announced a Takeover Proposal relating to the
Company and during the period six months after such termination and ending
twelve months after such termination, there shall have been consummated any
Tail Transaction with any Person other than the Original Bidder. Any fee due
under this Section 7.3(c) shall be paid to Parent by wire transfer of the
same-day funds within one Business Day after the consummation of the
Tail Transaction.   (d) If the Company fails to pay when due and payable
any amount payable under this Section 7.3, then (i) the Company shall
reimburse Parent for all reasonable costs and expenses (including fees and
disbursements of counsel) incurred in connection with the collection of such
overdue amount and the enforcement by Parent of its rights under this Section
7.3, and (ii) the Company shall pay to Parent interest on such overdue amount
(for the period commencing as of the date such overdue amount was originally
required to be paid and ending on the date such overdue amount is actually
paid to Parent in full) at a rate per annum equal to the publicly announced
prime rate of Citibank, N.A. in effect on the date such overdue amount was
originally required to be paid.   7.4 Amendment. This Agreement may be
amended by the Parties at any time before or after Stockholder Approval and
whether before or after adoption of this Agreement by the stockholder of
Merger Sub; provided, however, that after the Stockholder Approval is
obtained, there shall not be made any amendment that by Law requires further
approval by the stockholders without the further approval of such
stockholders. This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in
writing signed on behalf of each of the Parties.   7.5 Extension; Waiver. At
any time prior to the Effective Time, a Party may (i) extend the time for the
performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other Parties,
(ii) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of the
other Parties contained in this Agreement or in any document delivered
pursuant to this Agreement or (iii) subject to the proviso of Section 7.4,
waive compliance by the other Party with any of the agreements or conditions
set forth in this Agreement. Any agreement on the part of a Party to any
such    51    extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in
an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such Party. Any waiver or
failure to insist upon strict compliance with any obligation, covenant,
agreement, provision, term or condition of this Agreement shall not operate
as a waiver of, or estoppel with respect to, any subsequent or other failure
to comply. The failure or delay of any Party to assert any of its rights
under this Agreement or otherwise shall not constitute a waiver of such
rights.   ARTICLE 8   GENERAL PROVISIONS   8.1 Nonsurvival of
Representations and Warranties. None of the representations and warranties in
this Agreement or in any certificate or instrument delivered pursuant to this
Agreement shall survive the Effective Time. This Section 8.1 shall not limit
any covenant or agreement of the Parties which by its express terms
contemplates performance, in whole or in part, after the Effective Time.  
8.2 Notices. All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications
under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if
delivered personally, telecopied (which is confirmed) or sent by overnight
courier (providing proof of delivery) to the Parties at the
following addresses (or at such other address for a Party as shall be
specified by like notice):   (a) if to Parent or Merger Sub, to:   JDA
Software Group, Inc.  14400 N. 87th Street  Scottsdale, Arizona 85260-3649 
Attn: Hamish N. Brewer   with a copy (which shall not constitute notice)
to:   DLA Piper Rudnick Gray Cary US LLP  1221 S. MoPac Expressway, Suite
400  Austin, Texas 78746-6875  Attention: Paul Hurdlow, Esq.   (b) if to
the Company, to:   Manugistics Group, Inc.  9715 Key West Avenue 
Rockville, Maryland 20850  Attn: Joseph L. Cowan    52     with a copy
(which shall not constitute notice) to:   Paul, Hastings, Janofsky and Walker
LLP  75 East 55th Street  New York, New York 10021  Attention: Luke P.
Iovine, III, Esq.  Any party to this Agreement may give notice or other
communication hereunder using any other means (including electronic mail) but
no such notice or other communication shall be deemed to have been duly given
unless and until it is acknowledged as actually received by the party for
whom it is intended.   8.3 Certain Definitions.   (a) For purposes of this
Agreement the following definition shall apply:   (i) An "Affiliate" of any
Person means another Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more
intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with,
such first Person.   (ii) "Business Day" means any day other than Saturday,
Sunday or any other day on which banks are legally permitted to be closed in
Scottsdale, Arizona or Washington, DC.   (iii) "Existing Loan Agreement"
shall mean that certain Loan Agreement dated January 14, 2003 by and between
Manugistics Group, Inc., Manugistics, Inc., Manugistics Atlanta, Inc. and
SVB, as the same has been amended, modified and supplemented from time to
time.   (iv) "Indenture" means the Indenture dated as of October 20,
2000 by and between the Company and State Street Bank and Trust Company, as
Trustee, as the same may be amended, modified and supplemented from time to
time.   (v) "Knowledge", (i) as it pertains to the Company, means
the actual knowledge of the executive officers and employee-directors of the
Company and each of its Subsidiaries, including those set forth on Schedule
8.3(a)(v) hereto, and (ii) as it pertains to Parent or Merger Sub, means the
knowledge of the executive officers and employee-directors of Parent or
Merger Sub, respectively.   (vi) "Law" means any statute, law (including
common law), constitution, treaty, ordinance, code, Order, rule, regulation
and any other binding requirement or determination of any Governmental
Entity.   (vii) "Made Available" means that the subject documents
were located in the electronic on-line data room organized by the Company
in connection with the diligence investigation conducted by Parent, or
otherwise delivered to or made available for inspection by Parent on or prior
to the date two days prior to the Closing Date.    53     (viii) An
event, violation, inaccuracy, circumstance or other matter will be deemed to
have a "Material Adverse Effect" on the Company and its Subsidiaries if such
event, violation, inaccuracy, circumstance or other matter had or could
reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on (i) the business,
condition, capitalization, assets, liabilities, operations or financial
performance of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (ii) the
ability of the Company to consummate the Merger or any of the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement or to perform any of its
obligations under this Agreement, or (iii) Parent\'s ability to vote, receive
dividends with respect to or otherwise exercise ownership rights with respect
to the stock of the Surviving Corporation; Corporation provided, however,
that in no event shall any of the following, alone or in combination, be
deemed to constitute a Material Adverse Effect: any material adverse change,
event, circumstance or development with respect to, or effect resulting from,
(A) changes after the date of this Agreement in the United States or global
economy or capital markets in general that do not have a materially
disproportionate effect on the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, (B) changes after the date of this Agreement that affect generally the
software industry but that do not have a materially disproportionate effect
on the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (C) changes after the
date of this Agreement in applicable law or in GAAP, (D) any decline in
customer orders, or any resignation of any employees, in each case to the
extent attributable to the public announcement or pendency of the Merger, (E)
changes in the market price or trading volume of the Company Common Stock
(provided, however, that the exception in this clause shall not in any way
prevent or otherwise affect a determination that any change,
event, circumstance, development or effect underlying such decrease has
resulted in, or contributed to, a Company Material Adverse Effect), (F)
failure(s) by the Company to meet internal operating projections or
forecasts, or published revenue or earnings predictions (provided, however,
that the exception in this clause shall not in any way prevent or otherwise
affect a determination that any change, event, circumstance, development or
effect underlying such decrease has resulted in, or contributed to, a Company
Material Adverse Effect), (G) any act or threat of terrorism or war, any
armed hostilities or terrorist activities, any threat or escalation of armed
hostilities or terrorist activities or any governmental or other response or
reaction to any of the foregoing, and (H) any effects resulting from any
legal proceeding against the Company by the stockholders of the Company
challenging or seeking to restrain or prohibit the consummation of the
Merger. An event, violation, inaccuracy, circumstance or other matter will be
deemed to have a "Material Adverse Effect" on Parent if such event,
violation, inaccuracy, circumstance or other matter had or would reasonably
be expected to have a material adverse effect on (i) the business, condition,
capitalization, assets, liabilities, operations or financial performance of
Parent and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; provided, however, that a
decline in Parent\'s stock price shall not, in and of itself, be deemed
to constitute a Material Adverse Effect on Parent, or (ii) the ability of
Parent to consummate the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated
by the Agreement (including, but not limited to, the Financing) or to perform
any of its obligations under the Agreement.   (ix) "Order" means any award,
injunction, judgment, decree, order, ruling, writ, subpoena or verdict or
other decision entered, issued or rendered by any Governmental Entity.   
54     (x) "Ordinary Course of Business" with respect to the
Company means the Company\'s ordinary course of business, consistent with
past practice, existing prior to the date of this Agreement.   (xi)
"Parties" means the Company, Parent and Merger Sub, and each shall be
considered a "Party".   (xii) "Person" means an individual, corporation,
partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, trust,
unincorporated organization or other entity.   (xiii) "Subsidiary" of a
particular Person means another Person where the first Person directly or
indirectly owns, beneficially or of record, (a) an amount of voting
securities or other voting interests in such other Person that is sufficient
to enable such first Person to elect at least a majority of the members of
such other Person\'s Board of Directors or comparable governing body, or (b)
if there are no such voting interests, at least 50% of the outstanding equity
interests issued by such other Person.   (xiv) "Unaudited Financial
Statements" means the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the
Company for the year ended February 28, 2006, including statement of
financial condition, result of operations and statement of cash flow (which
shall not include notes thereto) attached hereto as Schedule 8.3(a)(xiv).  
(xv) "$" means United States dollars.   (b) In addition to the defined terms
listed above, the following capitalized terms are defined in the following
Sections of this Agreement:    TERM: SECTION: ----- --------  ~~  1998
Stock Option Plan............................ 3.1(c)(ii)(A) 2000 Stock
Plan................................... 3.1(c)(ii)(B) 1994 Stock
Plan................................... 3.1(c)(ii)(C) 1994 Director
Plan................................
3.1(c)(ii)(D) Agreement......................................... Introductory
Paragraph Alternative Acquisition Agreement.................
4.2(b)(ii) Antitrust Laws....................................
3.1(d)(v) Appraisal Shares.................................. 2.1(d) Audited
Financial Statements...................... 3.1(e)(vii) Benefit
Plans..................................... 3.1(l) Board
Approval....................................
3.1(d)(iii) Certificates......................................
2.2(b) Certificate of Merger.............................
1.3 Closing........................................... 1.2 Closing
Date......................................
1.2 Code.............................................. 3.1(l)(ii) Commitment
Letter.................................
3.2(f) Company........................................... Introductory
Paragraph Company Board Recommendation...................... 5.1(b)    
55      TERM: SECTION: ----- --------  ~~  Company Common
Stock.............................. 2.1(a) Company Financial
Statements...................... 3.1(e)(vii) Company
Insiders.................................. 5.1(d) Company Preferred
Stock........................... 3.1(c)(i) Company SEC
Documents............................. 3.1(e)(i) Company Stock
Plan................................ 3.1(c)(ii)(E) Company Triggering
Event.......................... 7.1 Confidentiality
Agreement......................... 5.2(a) Continuing
Employee...............................
5.10 Contract..........................................
3.1(d)(iv) Controlled Group Member........................... 3.1(j)(i) Debt
Obligations.................................. 3.1(i)(i)(H) Debt Tender
Offer................................. 5.8(a) Delaware Secretary of
State.......................
6.2(i)(ii) DGCL..............................................
Recitals Disclosure Schedule............................... 3.1 Effective
Time.................................... 1.3 Environmental
Claims.............................. 3.1(q)(ii)(A) Environmental
Laws................................ 3.1(q)(ii)(B) Environmental
Permits............................. 3.1(q)(ii)(C) Equity Benefit
Plans..............................
3.1(j)(i)(A) ERISA.............................................
3.1(j)(i)(B) ERISA Benefit Plans...............................
3.1(j)(i)(B) ESPP..............................................
3.1(c)(ii)(E) Exchange Act......................................
3.1(d)(v) Existing Letters of Credit
5.13 Financing.........................................
Recitals GAAP..............................................
3.1(e)(vii) Governmental Entity...............................
3.1(d)(v) Hazardous Materials...............................
3.1(q)(ii)(D) HSR Act...........................................
3.1(d)(v) Intellectual Property.............................
3.1(o)(vi) Interim Period....................................
4.1 Liens.............................................
3.1(b) Merger............................................ Recitals Merger
Consideration.............................. 2.1(c) Merger
Sub........................................ Introductory Paragraph Non-ERISA
Benefit Plans...........................
3.1(j)(i)(C) Notes............................................. 5.8(a) Offer
Documents................................... 5.8(b) Open Source
Materials.............................
3.1(p)(ii) Option............................................
3.1(c)(ii) Original Bidder...................................
7.3(b)(iii) Parent............................................ Introductory
Paragraph Patents...........................................
3.1(o)(vi)     56      TERM: SECTION: ----- --------  ~~  Paying
Agent......................................
2.2(a) Permits........................................... 3.1(h) Post-
Closing Tax Period........................... 3.1(m)(v) Pre-Closing Tax
Period............................ 3.1(m)(v) Proxy
Statement................................... 3.1(d)(v) Replacement Letters of
Credit 5.13 Representatives................................... 4.2(a) Rights
Agreement.................................. 3.1(c)(i) Sarbanes-Oxley
Act................................
3.1(e)(i) SEC...............................................
3.1(d)(v) Section 262.......................................
2.1(d) Securities Act....................................
3.1(e)(i) Software..........................................
3.1(p)(i) Specified Time....................................
4.2(a) Stockholder Approval..............................
3.1(d)(ii) Stockholders Meeting.............................. 5.1(b) Stock
Purchase Agreement.......................... 3.2(f) Superior
Proposal................................. 4.2(a) Surviving
Corporation............................. 1.1 SVB 5.13 Tail
Transaction.................................. 7.3(b)(iii) Takeover
Proposal................................. 4.2(a) Tax and
Taxes..................................... 3.1(m)(i) Tax
Returns....................................... 3.1(m)(i) Tender
Amount..................................... 5.8(c) Tendered
Notes.................................... 5.8(c) Total Merger
Consideration........................ 2.1(c) Voting
Agreements................................. Recitals    8.4 Interpretation.
When a reference is made in this Agreement to an Article or Section or the
Disclosure Schedule, such reference shall be to an Article or Section of, or
the Disclosure Schedule to, this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The
table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference
purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation
of this Agreement. Whenever the words "include", "includes" or "including"
are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words
"without limitation". The term "or" has, except where otherwise indicated,
the inclusive meaning represented by the phrase "and/or". The words "hereof",
"herein" and "hereunder" and words of similar import when used in this
Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular
provision of this Agreement. All terms defined in this Agreement shall have
the defined meanings when used in any certificate or other document made or
delivered pursuant hereto unless otherwise defined therein. The definitions
contained in this Agreement are applicable to the singular as well as the
plural forms of such terms and to the masculine as well as to the feminine
and neuter genders of such term. Any agreement, instrument or statute defined
or referred to herein or in any agreement or instrument that is referred to
herein means such    57    agreement, instrument or statute as from
time to time amended, modified or supplemented, including (in the case of
agreements or instruments) by waiver or consent and (in the case of statutes)
by succession of comparable successor statutes and references to all
attachments thereto and instruments incorporated therein. References to a
Person are also to its permitted successors and assigns.   8.5
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed by facsimile signature and in
one or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the
same agreement and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have
been signed by each of the Parties and delivered to the other Parties.  
8.6 Entire Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement (including
the documents and instruments referred to herein) and the Confidentiality
Agreement between the Company and Parent (i) constitute the entire agreement,
and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral,
among the Parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and
(ii) except for the provisions of ARTICLE 2, and Section 5.6, are not
intended to confer upon any Person other than the Parties any rights
or remedies.   8.7 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and
construed in accordance with, the Laws of the State of Delaware, regardless
of the Laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of
conflict of laws thereof.   8.8 Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any
of the rights, interests or obligations under this Agreement shall be
assigned, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise by any Party
without the prior written consent of the other Parties. Any assignment in
violation of the preceding sentence shall be void. Subject to the preceding
sentence, this Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and
be enforceable by, the Parties and their respective successors and
assigns.   8.9 Consent to Jurisdiction. Each of the Parties hereto
irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of
either (a) the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or (b) any Federal
court of the United States of America sitting in the State of Delaware, for
the purposes of any suit, action or other proceeding arising out of this
Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby (and each agrees that no
such action, suit or proceeding relating to this Agreement shall be brought
by it or any of its Affiliates except in such courts). Each of the Parties
further agrees that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law,
service of any process, summons, notice or document by U.S. registered mail
to such Party\'s respective address set forth above shall be effective
service of process for any action, suit or proceeding in Delaware with
respect to any matters to which it has submitted to jurisdiction as set forth
above in the immediately preceding sentence. Each of the Parties irrevocably
and unconditionally waives (and agrees not to plead or claim) any objection
to the laying of venue of any action, suit or proceeding arising out of this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby in (a) any Court of
Chancery of the State of Delaware or (b) any Federal court of the United
States of America sitting in the State of Delaware, or that any such action,
suit or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in
an inconvenient forum.    58     8.10 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. Each Party
hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, any right
it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any suit, action or other
proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of, under or in connection with
this Agreement. Each Party (i) certifies that no representative, agent or
attorney of any other Party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that
such Party would not, in the event of any action, suit or proceeding, seek to
enforce the foregoing waiver and (ii) acknowledges that it and the other
Parties have been induced to enter into this Agreement, by, among other
things, the mutual waiver and certifications in this Section 8.10.   8.11
Enforcement. The Parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the
event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed
in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It
is accordingly agreed that the Parties shall be entitled to an injunction
or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce
specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement, this being in
addition to any other remedy in any Delaware State court or any Federal court
of the United States of America sitting in the State of Delaware to which
they are entitled at law or in equity.   8.12 Severability. If any term or
other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being
enforced by any rule of law or public policy, all other conditions and
provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and
effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions
contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to
either Party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is
invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the Parties hereto shall
negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original
intent of the Parties as closely as possible in a mutually acceptable manner
in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated
as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible.   (The
remainder of this page has intentionally been left blank)    59     IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Merger Sub and the Company have caused this
Agreement to be signed by their respective officers thereunto
duly authorized, all as of the date first written above.   JDA SOFTWARE
GROUP, INC.    By: /s/ Hamish N. Brewer 
------------------------------------  Hamish N. Brewer  President and Chief
Executive Officer    STANLEY ACQUISITION CORP.    By: /s/ Hamish N.
Brewer  ------------------------------------  Hamish N. Brewer  President
and Chief Executive Officer    MANUGISTICS GROUP, INC.    By: /s/ Joseph
L. Cowan  ------------------------------------  Joseph L. Cowan  Chief
Executive Officer   (Signature Page to Agreement and Plan of Merger)   '

