<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>g66818ex99-1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, DATED FEB. 6, 2001
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 99.1

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER



                                  BY AND AMONG

                               COMPASS GROUP PLC,

                               YORKMONT ONE, INC.,

                                       AND

                      MORRISON MANAGEMENT SPECIALISTS, INC.

                          DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 6, 2001




<PAGE>   2



                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                               Page
                                                                                                               ----

<S>                        <C>                                                                                 <C>
ARTICLE I THE OFFER AND THE MERGER................................................................................1
         Section 1.01.     THE OFFER..............................................................................1
         Section 1.02.     COMPANY ACTIONS........................................................................3
         Section 1.03.     THE MERGER.............................................................................4
         Section 1.04.     CLOSING................................................................................4
         Section 1.05.     EFFECTIVE TIME.........................................................................4
         Section 1.06.     EFFECTS OF THE MERGER..................................................................4
         Section 1.07.     ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS...................................................4
         Section 1.08.     DIRECTORS..............................................................................5
         Section 1.09.     OFFICERS...............................................................................5

ARTICLE II EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON THE CAPITAL STOCK OF THE CONSTITUENT CORPORATIONS; EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES....5
         Section 2.01.     EFFECT ON CAPITAL STOCK................................................................5
         Section 2.02.     EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES...............................................................6

ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES........................................................................7
         Section 3.01.     REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY..........................................7
         Section 3.02.     REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF COMPASS AND SUB.....................................26

ARTICLE IV COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS.............................................................28
         Section 4.01.     CONDUCT OF BUSINESS...................................................................28
         Section 4.02.     NO SOLICITATION.......................................................................32

ARTICLE V ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS..................................................................................34
         Section 5.01.     PREPARATION OF THE PROXY STATEMENT; COMPANY STOCKHOLDERS MEETING......................34
         Section 5.02.     ACCESS TO INFORMATION; CONFIDENTIALITY................................................35
         Section 5.03.     COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE EFFORTS; NOTIFICATION.........................................35
         Section 5.04.     INDEMNIFICATION, EXCULPATION AND INSURANCE............................................36
         Section 5.05.     FEES AND EXPENSES.....................................................................38
         Section 5.06.     STOCK OPTIONS AND RESTRICTED STOCK....................................................39
         Section 5.07.     BENEFITS MATTERS......................................................................39
         Section 5.08.     PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS..................................................................40
         Section 5.09.     DIRECTORS.............................................................................41

ARTICLE VI CONDITIONS PRECEDENT..................................................................................41
         Section 6.01.     CONDITIONS TO EACH PARTY'S OBLIGATION TO EFFECT THE MERGER............................41

ARTICLE VII TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER....................................................................42
         Section 7.01.     TERMINATION...........................................................................42
</TABLE>

<PAGE>   3

<TABLE>
<S>                        <C>                                                                                   <C>
         Section 7.02.     EFFECT OF TERMINATION.................................................................43
         Section 7.03.     AMENDMENT.............................................................................43
         Section 7.04.     EXTENSION; WAIVER.....................................................................44

ARTICLE VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS..................................................................................44
         Section 8.01.     NONSURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.........................................44
         Section 8.02.     NOTICES...............................................................................44
         Section 8.03.     DEFINITIONS...........................................................................45
         Section 8.04.     INTERPRETATION........................................................................46
         Section 8.05.     COUNTERPARTS..........................................................................46
         Section 8.06.     ENTIRE AGREEMENT; NO THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES........................................46
         Section 8.07.     GOVERNING LAW.........................................................................46
         Section 8.08.     ASSIGNMENT............................................................................46
         Section 8.09.     ENFORCEMENT...........................................................................47
         Section 8.10.     SEVERABILITY..........................................................................47

         ANNEX I           CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER
</TABLE>




<PAGE>   4

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

         This AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER dated as of February 6, 2001 (this
"Agreement"), by and among COMPASS GROUP PLC, a public limited company
incorporated in England and Wales ("Compass"), YORKMONT ONE, INC., a Georgia
corporation and a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Compass ("Sub"), and
MORRISON MANAGEMENT SPECIALISTS, INC., a Georgia corporation (the "Company").

         WHEREAS, the respective Boards of Directors of Compass, Sub and the
Company have each determined that it is in the best interests of their
respective stockholders for Compass to acquire the Company on the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement;

         WHEREAS, in furtherance of such acquisition, it is proposed that Sub
will make a tender offer (as it may be amended from time to time as permitted
under this Agreement, the "Offer") to purchase all the outstanding shares of
common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company including the associated
rights to purchase shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock,
$0.01 par value per share, of the Company issued pursuant to the Company's
Rights Plan (the "Company Common Stock"), at a price per share of Company Common
Stock of $40.00, net to the sellers in cash, without interest on the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement;

         WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company has approved the Offer
and resolved to recommend that holders of the Company Common Stock tender their
shares pursuant to the Offer;

         WHEREAS, the respective Boards of Directors of Compass, Sub and the
Company have approved this Agreement and the merger (the "Merger") of Sub into
the Company in accordance with the Georgia Business Corporation Code (the
"GBCC"), on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement;

         WHEREAS, Compass, Sub and the Company desire to make certain
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in connection with the
Offer and the Merger and also to prescribe various conditions to the Offer and
the Merger;

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth herein, the
parties hereto agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I
                            THE OFFER AND THE MERGER

         Section 1.01.     THE OFFER.

                  (a)      Subject to the conditions of this Agreement, as
promptly as practicable, but in no event later than ten business days after the
date of the public announcement of this Agreement, Sub shall, and Compass shall
cause Sub to, commence the Offer within the meaning of the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") at a price per
share of Company Common Stock of $40.00, net to the sellers in cash, without
interest. The obligations of Sub to, and of Compass to cause Sub to, accept for
payment, and pay

<PAGE>   5

for, any shares of Company Common Stock tendered pursuant to the Offer are
subject to the conditions set forth in Annex I. The initial expiration date of
the Offer shall be the 30th business day following the commencement of the
Offer. Sub expressly reserves the right to waive any condition to the Offer or
modify the terms of the Offer, except that, without the prior written consent of
the Company, Sub shall not (i) reduce the number of shares of Company Common
Stock subject to the Offer, (ii) reduce the price per share of Company Common
Stock to be paid pursuant to the Offer, (iii) waive the Minimum Tender Condition
(as defined in Annex I), add to the conditions set forth in Annex I or modify
any condition set forth in Annex I in any manner adverse to the holders of
Company Common Stock, or (iv) change the form of consideration payable in the
Offer. If all of the conditions to the Offer are not satisfied on any scheduled
expiration date of the Offer then Sub may extend the Offer for one or more
periods of time that Sub reasonably believes are necessary to cause the
conditions to the Offer to be satisfied from time to time until such conditions
are satisfied or waived, provided that, without the prior written consent of the
Company, Sub may not extend the Offer beyond April 30, 2001. Sub may, without
the consent of the Company, elect to provide a subsequent offering period for
the Offer in accordance with Rule 14d-11 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the "Exchange Act"), following its acceptance for payment of shares
of Company Common Stock in the Offer. On the terms and subject to the conditions
of the Offer and this Agreement, Sub shall, and Compass shall cause Sub to,
accept for payment and pay for all shares of Company Common Stock validly
tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer that Sub becomes obligated to
purchase pursuant to the Offer as soon as practicable after the expiration of
the Offer and the receipt by Sub of a certificate of the Company, or other
evidence satisfactory to Sub and Compass, certifying that the conditions of the
Offer specified in 2(b), 2(c), 2(d), 2(e), 2(f) and 2(g) of Annex I have been
satisfied, but only to the extent such conditions relate to the Company. As used
herein, the term "Specified Date" shall refer to the date on which Sub accepts
for payment the shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to and subject to the
conditions of the Offer.

                  (b)      On the date of commencement of the Offer, Compass and
Sub shall file with the SEC a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO (together
with all amendments and supplements thereto, the "Schedule TO") with respect to
the Offer. The Schedule TO shall contain or shall incorporate by reference an
offer to purchase and forms of the related letter of transmittal and any related
summary advertisement (the Schedule TO, the offer to purchase and such other
documents, together with all supplements and amendments thereto, being referred
to herein collectively as the "Offer Documents"). The Company and its counsel
shall be given reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon the Offer
Documents prior to their filing with the SEC or dissemination to the
stockholders of the Company. Compass, Sub and the Company will promptly correct
any information provided by any of them for use in the Offer Documents that
shall have become false or misleading, and will take all steps necessary to
cause the Offer Documents, as so corrected, to be filed with the SEC and to be
disseminated to holders of shares of Company Common Stock, in each case as and
to the extent required by applicable federal securities laws. Compass and Sub
shall provide the Company and its counsel in writing with any written comments
(and orally, any oral comments), Compass, Sub or their counsel may receive from
the SEC or its staff with respect to the Offer Documents promptly after the
receipt of such comments and shall consult with the Company and its counsel
prior to responding to any such comments.


                                       2
<PAGE>   6

                  (c)      Compass shall provide or cause to be provided to Sub
on a timely basis the funds necessary to purchase any shares of Company Common
Stock that Sub becomes obligated to purchase pursuant to the Offer.

         Section 1.02.     COMPANY ACTIONS.

                  (a)      The Company hereby approves of and consents to the
Offer and represents that its Board of Directors at a meeting duly called and
held on February 5, 2001, has by unanimous vote of the members thereof present
and voting thereat: (i) determined that this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby, including the Offer and the Merger (collectively, the
"Transactions"), considered as a whole, are fair to, and in the best interest
of, the Company and the holders of Company Common Stock, (ii) approved, adopted
and declared advisable this Agreement and the Transactions (such approval and
adoption having been made in accordance with the GBCC and the Company's Articles
of Incorporation) and (iii) recommended that the holders of Company Common Stock
accept the Offer and tender their Company Common Stock pursuant to the Offer,
and approve and adopt this Agreement and the Merger.

                  (b)      On the date of commencement of the Offer, the Company
shall file with the SEC a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule
14D-9 (together with all amendments and supplements thereto, the "Schedule
14D-9") containing the recommendation of the Board of Directors of the Company
described in Section 1.02(a), and shall disseminate the Schedule 14D-9 to the
extent required by Rule 14d-9 promulgated under the Exchange Act and any other
applicable federal securities laws. Compass and its counsel shall be given
reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon the Schedule 14D-9 prior to
its filing with the SEC or dissemination to stockholders of the Company. The
Company, Compass and Sub will promptly correct any information provided by any
of them for use in the Schedule 14D-9 which shall have become false or
misleading, and will take all steps necessary to cause the Schedule 14D-9, as so
corrected, to be filed with the SEC and disseminated to holders of shares of
Company Common Stock, in each case as and to the extent required by applicable
federal securities laws. The Company shall provide Compass and its counsel in
writing with any written comments (and orally, any oral comments) the Company or
its counsel may receive from the SEC or its staff with respect to the Schedule
14D-9 promptly after the receipt of such comments and shall consult with Compass
and its counsel prior to responding to such comments.

                  (c)      In connection with the Offer and the Merger, the
Company shall cause its transfer agent to furnish Sub promptly with an
appropriate number of mailing labels containing the names and addresses of the
record holders of Company Common Stock as of a recent date and of those persons
becoming record holders subsequent to such date, together with copies of all
lists of stockholders, security position listings and computer files and all
other information in the Company's possession or control regarding the
beneficial owners of Company Common Stock, and shall furnish to Sub such
information and assistance (including updated lists of stockholders, security
position listings and computer files) as Compass may reasonably request in
communicating the Offer to the Company's stockholders. Subject to the
requirements of applicable law, and except for such steps as are necessary to
disseminate the Offer Documents and any other documents necessary to consummate
the Offer, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
Compass and Sub shall hold in confidence the information contained in any such
labels, listings and files, shall use such information only in


                                       3
<PAGE>   7

connection with the Offer and the Merger and, if this Agreement shall be
terminated, shall, upon request, deliver to the Company all copies of such
information then in their possession.

         Section 1.03.     THE MERGER. Upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in this Agreement, and in accordance with the GBCC, Sub
shall be merged with and into the Company at the Effective Time (as defined in
Section 1.05). At the Effective Time, the separate corporate existence of Sub
shall cease and the Company shall continue as the surviving corporation (the
"Surviving Corporation") and shall succeed to and assume all the rights and
obligations of Sub in accordance with the GBCC.

         Section 1.04.     CLOSING. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in this Agreement, the closing of the Merger (the "Closing") shall
take place at 11:00 a.m., within five business days after the satisfaction or
(to the extent permitted by applicable law) waiver of the conditions set forth
in Article VI (other than those that by their terms cannot be satisfied until
the time of the Closing but subject to the fulfillment or waiver of such
conditions), at the offices of Smith Helms Mulliss & Moore, L.L.P., 201 North
Tryon Street, Charlotte, North Carolina, or at such other time, date or place
agreed to in writing by Compass and the Company; provided that if all the
conditions set forth in Article VI shall not have been satisfied or (to the
extent permitted by applicable law) waived within such period, then the Closing
shall take place on the fifth business day following the date on which all such
conditions shall have been satisfied or (to the extent permitted by applicable
law) waived. The date on which the Closing occurs is referred to in this
Agreement as the "Closing Date".

         Section 1.05.     EFFECTIVE TIME. Upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in this Agreement, as soon as practicable on or after the
Closing Date, a certificate of merger or other appropriate documents (in any
such case, the "Certificate of Merger") shall be duly prepared, executed and
acknowledged by the parties in accordance with the relevant provisions of the
GBCC and filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Georgia. The Merger
shall become effective upon the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the
Secretary of State of the State of Georgia or at such subsequent time or date as
Compass and the Company shall agree and specify in the Certificate of Merger.
The time at which the Merger becomes effective is referred to in this Agreement
as the "Effective Time".

         Section 1.06.     EFFECTS OF THE MERGER. The Merger shall have the
effects set forth in Section 14-2-1106 of the GBCC.

         Section 1.07.     ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS.

                  (a)      The Articles of Incorporation of the Company as in
effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the Articles of
Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter changed or amended
as provided therein or by applicable law.

                  (b)      The Bylaws of the Sub as in effect immediately prior
to the Effective Time shall be the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation until
thereafter changed or amended as provided therein or by applicable law.


                                       4
<PAGE>   8

         Section 1.08.     DIRECTORS. The directors of Sub immediately prior to
the Effective Time shall be the directors of the Surviving Corporation until the
earlier of their resignation or removal or until their respective successors are
duly elected and qualified, as the case may be.

         Section 1.09.     OFFICERS. The officers of the Company immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall be the officers of the Surviving Corporation
until the earlier of their resignation or removal or until their respective
successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case may be.

                                   ARTICLE II
          EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON THE CAPITAL STOCK OF THE CONSTITUENT
                     CORPORATIONS; EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES

         Section 2.01.     EFFECT ON CAPITAL STOCK. At the Effective Time, by
virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder of any
shares of capital stock of the Company, Compass or Sub:

                  (a)      CONVERSION OF COMPANY COMMON STOCK. Each share of
Company Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time (other than shares to be canceled in accordance with Section 2.01(c) and
the Appraisal Shares (as defined in Section 2.01(d)) shall be converted into the
right to receive from the Surviving Corporation in cash, without interest, the
price per share paid in the Offer (the "Merger Consideration"). At the Effective
Time all such shares shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be
canceled and shall cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate that
immediately prior to the Effective Time represented any such shares (a
"Certificate") shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except the
right to receive the Merger Consideration.

                  (b)      CAPITAL STOCK OF SUB. Each issued and outstanding
share of common stock of Sub shall be converted into and become one fully paid
and nonassessable share of common stock of the Surviving Corporation.

                  (c)      CANCELLATION OF TREASURY STOCK AND COMPASS-OWNED
STOCK. Each share of Company Common Stock that is owned by the Company (as
treasury stock), Compass or Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall
automatically be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist and no
consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor.

                  (d)      APPRAISAL RIGHTS. Notwithstanding anything in this
Agreement to the contrary, shares (the "Appraisal Shares") of Company Common
Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time that are
held by any holder who is entitled to demand and properly demands appraisal of
such shares pursuant to, and who complies in all respects with, the provisions
of Article 13 of the GBCC and as of the Effective Time has not withdrawn or lost
such right to such appraisal shall not be converted into the right to receive
the Merger Consideration as provided in Section 2.01(a), but instead such holder
shall only be entitled to such rights as are granted by the GBCC. At the
Effective Time, all Appraisal Shares shall no longer be outstanding and shall
automatically be canceled and shall cease to exist, and each holder of Appraisal
Shares shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except those granted
by the GBCC. If a holder of Appraisal Shares shall effectively withdraw or lose
(through


                                       5
<PAGE>   9

failure to perfect or otherwise) the right to appraisal, then, as of the
Effective Time or the occurrence of such event, whichever last occurs, those
Appraisal Shares shall be converted into and represent only the right to receive
the Merger Consideration as provided in Section 2.01(a), upon the surrender of
the certificate or certificates representing those Appraisal Shares. The Company
shall serve prompt notice to Compass of any demands for appraisal of any shares
of Company Common Stock, and Compass shall have the right to participate in and
direct all negotiations and proceedings with respect to such demands. Prior to
the Effective Time, the Company shall not, without the prior written consent of
Compass, make any payment with respect to, or settle or offer to settle, any
such demands, or agree to do any of the foregoing.

         Section 2.02.     EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES.

                  (a)      PAYING AGENT. Prior to the Effective Time Compass
shall designate, or shall cause to be designated, a bank or trust company
reasonably acceptable to the Company to act as agent for the payment of the
Merger Consideration upon surrender of Certificates (the "Paying Agent"), and,
from time to time after the Effective Time, Compass shall provide, or cause the
Surviving Corporation to provide, to the Paying Agent funds in amounts and at
the times necessary for the payment of the Merger Consideration upon surrender
of Certificates, it being understood that any and all interest or income earned
on funds made available to the Paying Agent pursuant to this Agreement shall be
the sole property of Compass.

                  (b)      EXCHANGE PROCEDURE. As soon as reasonably practicable
after the Effective Time, the Paying Agent shall mail to each Certificate holder
of record (i) a form of letter of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery
shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the Certificates held by such
person shall pass, only upon proper delivery of the Certificates to the Paying
Agent and shall be in customary form and have such other provisions as Compass
may reasonably specify) and (ii) instructions for use in effecting the surrender
of the Certificates in exchange for the Merger Consideration. Upon surrender of
a Certificate to the Paying Agent for cancellation or to such other agent or
agents as may be appointed by Compass, together with such letter of transmittal,
duly completed and validly executed, and such other documents as may reasonably
be required by the Paying Agent, the holder of such Certificate shall be
entitled to receive in exchange therefor the amount of cash into which the
shares formerly represented by such Certificate shall have been converted
pursuant to Section 2.01(a), and the Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith
be canceled. In the event of a transfer of ownership of Company Common Stock
that is not registered in the stock transfer books of the Company, the proper
amount of cash may be paid in exchange therefor to a person other than the
person in whose name the Certificate so surrendered is registered if such
Certificate shall be properly endorsed or otherwise be in proper form for
transfer and the person requesting such payment shall pay any transfer or other
taxes required by reason of the payment to a person other than the registered
holder of such Certificate or establish to the satisfaction of Compass that such
tax has been paid or is not applicable. No interest shall be paid or shall
accrue on the cash payable upon surrender of any Certificate.

                  (c)      CLOSING OF TRANSFER BOOKS. At the Effective Time, the
stock transfer books of the Company shall be closed, and no transfer of shares
of Company Common Stock shall be made thereafter. If, after the Effective Time,
Certificates are presented to the


                                       6
<PAGE>   10

Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent for transfer or any other reason, they
shall be canceled and exchanged as provided in this Article II.

                  (d)      NO LIABILITY. None of Compass, Sub, the Company or
the Paying Agent shall be liable to any person in respect of any cash delivered
to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or
similar law. If any Certificates shall not have been surrendered within two
years after the Effective Time (or immediately prior to such earlier date on
which any Merger Consideration would otherwise escheat to or became the property
of any Governmental Entity (as defined in Section 3.01(d)), any such Merger
Consideration in respect thereof shall, to the extent permitted by applicable
law, become the property of the Surviving Corporation, free and clear of all
claims or interest of any person previously entitled thereto.

                  (e)      LOST CERTIFICATES. If any Certificate shall have been
lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the
person claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if
required by the Surviving Corporation, the posting by such person of a bond in
such reasonable amount as the Surviving Corporation may direct as indemnity
against any claim that may be made against it with respect to such Certificate,
the Paying Agent shall pay in respect of such lost, stolen or destroyed
Certificate the Merger Consideration.

                  (f)      WITHHOLDING. Compass, the Company, the Surviving
Corporation or the Paying Agent shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from
the consideration otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement to any holder of
shares of Company Common Stock and each holder of a Company Stock Option such
amounts as Compass, the Company, the Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent
is required to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such payment
under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), or any
provision of state, local or foreign tax law. To the extent that amounts are so
withheld and paid over to the appropriate taxing authority by Compass, the
Company, the Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent, such withheld amounts
shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the
holder of the shares of Company Common Stock and each holder of a Company Stock
Option in respect of which such deduction and withholding was made by Compass,
the Company the Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent. Compass, the Company,
the Surviving Corporation, or the Paying Agent, as the case may be, shall file
all payroll tax reports or wage statements which are required to be filed with
the appropriate Governmental Entity.

                                  ARTICLE III
                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

         Section 3.01.     REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY. Except
as set forth on the disclosure schedule (with specific reference to the Section
or Subsection of this Agreement to which the information stated in such
disclosure relates and such other Sections or Subsections of this Agreement to
the extent a matter is disclosed in such a way as to make its relevance to the
information called for by such other Section or Subsection readily apparent)
delivered by the Company to Compass prior to the execution of this Agreement
(the


                                       7
<PAGE>   11

"Company Disclosure Schedule"), the Company represents and warrants to Compass
and Sub as follows:

                  (a)      ORGANIZATION, STANDING AND POWER. Each of the Company
and its subsidiaries (i) is duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, (ii) has all
requisite corporate, company or partnership power and authority to carry on its
business as now being conducted and (iii) is duly qualified or licensed to do
business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the nature of its
business or the ownership, leasing or operation of its properties makes such
qualification or licensing necessary, other than (except in the case of clause
(i) above with respect to the Company) where the failure to be so organized,
existing, qualified or licensed or in good standing, individually and in the
aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
(as defined in Section 8.03). The Company has made available to Compass true and
complete copies of its Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, in each case, as
amended to the date of this Agreement.

                  (b)      SUBSIDIARIES. Section 3.01(b) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule lists each subsidiary of the Company. All the outstanding
shares of capital stock or other equity or voting interests of each subsidiary
of the Company are owned by the Company free and clear of all pledges, claims,
liens, charges, encumbrances and security interests of any kind or nature
whatsoever (collectively, "Liens"), and are duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable. Except for the capital stock of, or other equity
or voting interests in, its wholly owned subsidiaries, and except as disclosed
in Section 3.01(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company does not own,
directly or indirectly, any capital stock of, or other equity or voting
interests in, any corporation, partnership, joint venture, association or other
entity.

                  (c)      CAPITAL STRUCTURE. The authorized capital stock of
the Company consists of 100,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock and 250,000
shares of Preferred Stock, of which 50,000 shares are designated as Series A
Junior Participating Preferred Stock (the "Preferred Stock"). As of the close of
business on December 31, 2000, (i) 12,783,834 shares of Company Common Stock
were issued and outstanding (including shares of Company Common Stock held in a
"rabbi trust" in connection with the Company's Deferred Compensation Plan), (ii)
no shares of Company Common Stock were held by the Company in its treasury, and
(iii) no Preferred Stock was issued and outstanding or held by the Company in
its treasury. As of the date hereof, not more than 2,475,495 shares of Company
Common Stock are subject to outstanding stock options to purchase Company Common
Stock (collectively, the "Company Stock Options") granted under the Company's
Stock Incentive and Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors, the 1996 Stock
Incentive Plan, and the 1996 Non-Executive Stock Incentive Plan (such plans,
collectively, the "Company Stock Plans"). There are no outstanding stock
appreciation rights or other similar rights outstanding under the Company Stock
Plans. Except as set forth above and except for stock equivalent units held on
behalf of employees in their Company stock rate of return accounts in the
Company's Deferred Compensation Plan and the rights issued under the Rights Plan
(the "Rights"), as of the close of business on November 30, 2000, no shares of
capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests in, the Company, or
options, warrants or other rights to acquire any such stock or securities were
issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding. No shares of Company Common Stock
are owned by any subsidiary of the Company. All outstanding shares of capital
stock of the Company are,


                                       8
<PAGE>   12

and all shares that may be issued pursuant to the Company Stock Plans will be
when issued in accordance with the terms thereof, duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and not subject to preemptive rights. There
are no bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness of the Company or any of
its subsidiaries, and no securities or other instruments or obligations of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries the value of which is in any way based upon
or derived from any capital or voting stock of the Company, having the right to
vote (or convertible into, or exchangeable for, securities having the right to
vote) on any matters on which stockholders of the Company may vote. Except as
set forth above, except as specifically permitted under Section 4.01(a), there
are no Contracts (as defined in Section 3.01(d)) of any kind to which the
Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of
its subsidiaries is bound, obligating the Company or any of its subsidiaries to
issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, additional
shares of capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests in, or
securities convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, shares of
capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests in, the Company or any of
its subsidiaries or obligating the Company or any of its subsidiaries to issue,
grant, extend or enter into any such security, option, warrant, call, right or
Contract. There are no outstanding contractual obligations of the Company or any
of its subsidiaries to (x) repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of
capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests in, the Company or any of
its subsidiaries or (y) vote or dispose of any shares of the capital stock of,
or other equity or voting interests in, any of its subsidiaries. To the
knowledge of the Company as of the date of this Agreement, there are no
irrevocable proxies and no voting agreements with respect to any shares of the
capital stock or other voting securities of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries.

                  (d)      AUTHORITY; NONCONTRAVENTION. The Company has the
requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement
and, subject only to, if required by law, approval of the Merger by an
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of the
Company Common Stock (the "Company Stockholder Approval") to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement
by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions
contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action
on the part of the Company, subject only to the Company Stockholder Approval if
such approval is required by law and no other corporate proceedings on the part
of the Company are necessary to approve this Agreement or to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. This Agreement been duly executed
and delivered by the Company and constitutes valid and binding obligations of
the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms,
subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance,
or other similar laws relating to creditors' rights and general principles of
equity. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby and compliance with the provisions hereof do
not conflict with, or result in any violation or breach of, or default (with or
without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of, or
result in, termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation or to
loss of a material benefit under, or result in the creation of any Lien in or
upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
under, or give rise to any increased, additional, accelerated or guaranteed
rights or entitlements under, any provision of (i) the Articles of Incorporation
or Bylaws of the Company or the articles of incorporation or bylaws (or similar
organizational documents) of any of its subsidiaries, (ii) other than as
disclosed in Section 3.01(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedule any loan or
credit agreement, bond, debenture, note, mortgage, indenture, guarantee,


                                       9
<PAGE>   13

lease or other contract, commitment, agreement, instrument, arrangement,
understanding, obligation, undertaking, permit, concession, franchise or
license, whether oral or written (each, including all amendments thereto, a
"Contract"), to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or any
of their respective properties or assets is subject or (iii) subject to the
governmental filings and other matters referred to in the following sentence,
any (A) statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation or (B) judgment, order or
decree, in each case applicable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or
their respective properties or assets, other than, in the case of clauses (ii)
and (iii), any such conflicts, violations, breaches, defaults, rights, losses,
Liens or entitlements that, individually and in the aggregate, would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or to prevent or
materially impede or delay the consummation of the Offer, the Merger or the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No consent, approval, order
or authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with, any domestic
or foreign (whether national, federal, state, provincial, local or otherwise)
government or any court, administrative agency or commission or other
governmental or regulatory authority or agency, domestic, foreign or
supranational (a "Governmental Entity"), is required by the Company or any of
its subsidiaries in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement
by the Company or the consummation by the Company of the transactions
contemplated hereby or compliance with the provisions hereof, except for (U)
expiration or termination of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act"), (V) the filing
with the SEC of (a) the Schedule 14D-9, (b) a proxy statement or information
statement relating to the Company Stockholder Approval if such approval is
required by law (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Proxy
Statement") and (c) such reports under the Exchange Act, as may be required in
connection with this Agreement, the Offer, the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby, (W) the filing of the Certificate of Merger with
the Secretary of State of the State of Georgia and appropriate documents with
the relevant authorities of other states in which the Company or any of its
subsidiaries is qualified to do business, (X) any filings required under the
rules and regulations of the New York Stock Exchange (the "NYSE") and (Y) such
other consents, approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations
and filings (including those required under Environmental Laws (as defined in
Section 3.01(l)(iii)) the failure of which to be obtained or made, individually
and in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect or to prevent or materially impede or delay the consummation of
the Offer, the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

                  (e)      SEC DOCUMENTS. The Company has filed with the SEC all
forms, reports, schedules, statements and other documents required to be filed
with the SEC by the Company since June 1, 1998 (together with and giving effect
to, any amendments, supplements and exhibits thereto and any information
incorporated therein by reference, the "SEC Documents"). No subsidiary of the
Company is required to file any form, report, schedule, statement or other
document with the SEC. As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied
in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the "Securities Act"), or the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and the
rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder. Except to the extent
that information contained in any SEC Document has been revised or superseded by
a later filed SEC Document, none of the SEC Documents contained when filed any
untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The
financial


                                       10
<PAGE>   14
statements (including the related notes) included in the SEC Documents
complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting
requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect
thereto as in effect on the dates the SEC Documents were filed, have been
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the
United States ("GAAP") (except, in the case of unaudited statements, as
permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC) applied on a consistent basis during the
periods involved (except as may be indicated therein or in the notes thereto)
and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position
of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and
their consolidated results of operations and cash flows for the periods then
ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal and recurring
year-end audit adjustments). Since the date of the SEC Documents filed prior to
the date hereof (the "Filed SEC Documents"), the Company and its subsidiaries
have incurred no material liabilities or obligations (net of the benefits or
assets obtained by the Company in connection with the incurrence of such
liabilities or obligations) of any nature (whether accrued, absolute, contingent
or otherwise), other than (i) liabilities and obligations in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) liabilities and obligations
incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, (iii)
those liabilities and obligations which were not required under GAAP to be
reflected or reserved against in the financial statements (including the related
notes) included in the SEC Documents, or with respect to the period following
the date of the most recent Filed SEC Documents, those liabilities and
obligations which would not be required under GAAP to be reflected or reserved
in those financial statements of the Company prepared as of a fiscal year end;
or (iv) as set forth in Section 3.01(e) of the Company Disclosure Schedule.

                  (f)      ABSENCE OF CERTAIN CHANGES OR EVENTS. Except as
disclosed in the Filed SEC Documents, since November 30, 2000, the Company and
its subsidiaries have conducted their respective businesses only in the ordinary
course consistent with past practice, and there has not been, except as set
forth on Section 3.01(f) of the Company Disclosure Schedule (i) any state of
facts, change, development, effect, event, condition or occurrence that,
individually or in the aggregate, constitutes, has had, or would reasonably be
expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) any declaration, setting aside
or payment of any dividend on, or other distribution (whether in cash, stock or
property) in respect of, any of the Company's or any of its subsidiaries'
capital stock, except for dividends by a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company
to its parent and the declaration of regular quarterly cash dividends, the most
recent of which was declared January 9, 2001, payable January 31, 2001, (iii)
other than in connection with the exercise of Company Stock Options, any
purchase, redemption or other acquisition of any shares of capital stock or any
other securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any options,
warrants, calls or rights to acquire such shares or other securities, (iv) any
split, combination or reclassification of any of the Company's or any of its
subsidiaries' capital stock or any issuance or the authorization of any issuance
of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares
of capital stock or other securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries,
(v) (A) any granting by the Company or any of its subsidiaries to any current or
former director or executive officer of any increase, or to any current or
former officer of any material increase, in compensation or other benefits,
except in each case for increases of compensation in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice or required under any agreement or
Benefit Plan (as defined in Section 3.01(j)) in effect as of November 30, 2000,
(B) any granting by the Company or any of its subsidiaries to any current or
former director or officer of any right to receive any material severance or
termination pay or any material increase


                                       11
<PAGE>   15
therein, or (C) any entry by the Company or any of its subsidiaries into, or any
material amendment of, any Benefit Plan with any current or former director or
officer of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (vi) any change in financial
or tax accounting methods, principles or practices by the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, except insofar as may have been required by a change in GAAP or
applicable law, (vii) any material election with respect to taxes by the Company
or any of its subsidiaries or (viii) any settlement or compromise of any
material tax liability or refund.

                  (g)      LITIGATION. Except as disclosed in Section 3.01(g) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule, there is no suit, claim, action, investigation
or proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or
affecting the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective
assets that, individually, involves a claim in excess of $200,000, nor is there
any statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation, judgment, order, injunction or
decree, of any Governmental Entity or arbitrator outstanding against, or, to the
knowledge of the Company, investigation, proceeding, notice of violation, order
of forfeiture or complaint by any Governmental Entity involving, the Company or
any of its subsidiaries that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

                  (h)      CONTRACTS.

                           (i)      As used herein, the term "Customer Contract"
                  means a contract to provide contract food and contract
                  catering services to customers of the Company or its
                  subsidiaries as to which the Company or any subsidiary was a
                  party;

                           (ii)     As used herein, the term "Material Contract"
                  means any contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding to
                  which the Company or any subsidiary is a party or by which the
                  Company, any subsidiary, or any of their respective assets is
                  bound that is or contains any of the following:

                                    (A)      the Company's 50 largest Customer
                           Contracts for fiscal year 2000;

                                    (B)      a contract purporting to be binding
                           upon the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any of
                           its affiliates that contains a covenant restricting
                           the ability of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
                           (or which, following the consummation of the Offer or
                           the Merger, would reasonably be expected to restrict
                           the ability of Compass or any of its subsidiaries,
                           including the Company and its subsidiaries) to
                           compete with any person or engage in any business or
                           activity in any geographic area or pursuant to which
                           any benefit is required to be given or lost as a
                           result of so competing or engaging;

                                    (C)      a loan, guarantee or similar
                           agreement relating to the borrowing of money from, or
                           extension of credit to, any other person in excess of
                           $100,000;

                                    (D)      any lease or sublease relating to
                           real property involving rent in excess of $100,000
                           per year;


                                       12
<PAGE>   16

                                    (E)      any contract not fully performed,
                           including without limitation contracts for the
                           purchase of any commodity, material, services,
                           equipment or fixed assets, for a price in excess of
                           $1,000,000 in the aggregate over the life of the
                           contract;

                                    (F)      any vehicle master lease or other
                           personal property master lease involving annual
                           payments in excess of $250,000 per year;

                                    (G)      any contract that obligates the
                           Company or its subsidiaries to obtain all or a
                           substantial portion of its requirements of any goods
                           or services from, or, except for Customer Contracts,
                           supply all or a substantial portion of the
                           requirements for any goods or services of, any other
                           person.

                           (iii)    On the date of this Agreement, except as set
                  forth in Section 3.01(h) of the Company Disclosure Schedule:

                                    (A)      Except with respect to those
                           Material Contracts described in Section
                           3.01(h)(ii)(E) above, each Material Contract (as
                           defined above) together with all modifications and
                           amendments thereto, is the valid and binding
                           obligation of the Company or its subsidiaries, as
                           applicable, in full force and effect, and to the
                           Company's knowledge, enforceable against the other
                           parties thereto, in accordance with its terms,
                           subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
                           reorganization, fraudulent transfer, moratorium and
                           other laws of general application affecting
                           creditors' rights generally and by equitable
                           principles;

                                    (B)      Except with respect to those
                           Material Contracts described in Section
                           3.01(h)(ii)(E) above, neither the Company nor any of
                           its subsidiaries is in material breach or default
                           under any Material Contract; and, to the knowledge of
                           the Company, no other party is in material breach or
                           default thereunder;

                                    (C)      Except with respect to those
                           Material Contracts described in Section
                           3.01(h)(ii)(E) above, neither the Company nor any of
                           its subsidiaries has received any written or oral
                           notice of any event or condition that constitutes, or
                           with the passage of time would constitute, a material
                           default by the Company under any Material Contract;
                           and

                                    (D)      to the knowledge of the Company,
                           neither it nor any of its subsidiaries has received
                           written notice or other notice or advice of
                           termination, cancellation, nonrenewal or material
                           adverse price adjustment of any of the Company's 50
                           largest Customer Contracts for fiscal year 2000 or
                           any other Material Contract that would result in
                           material damage to the Company.


                                       13
<PAGE>   17

                           (iv)     On the date of this Agreement, with respect
                  to those Material Contracts described in Section
                  3.01(h)(ii)(E) above, except as set forth in Section 3.01(h)
                  of the Company Disclosure Schedule:

                                    (A)      To the knowledge of the Company,
                           each such Material Contract described in Section
                           3.01(h)(ii)(E) above together with all modifications
                           and amendments thereto, is the valid and binding
                           obligation of the Company or its subsidiaries, as
                           applicable, in full force and effect, enforceable
                           against the other parties thereto, in accordance with
                           its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy,
                           insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent transfer,
                           moratorium and other laws of general application
                           affecting creditors' rights generally and by
                           equitable principles;

                                    (B)      To the knowledge of the Company,
                           neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in
                           material breach or default under any such Material
                           Contract described in Section 3.01(h)(ii)(E) above,
                           and no other party is in material breach or default
                           thereunder; and

                                    (C)      To the knowledge of the Company,
                           neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has
                           received any written or oral notice of any event or
                           condition that constitutes, or with the passage of
                           time would constitute, a material default by the
                           Company under any such Material Contract described in
                           Section 3.01(h)(ii)(E) above.

                           (v)      Section 3.01(h) of the Company Disclosure
                  Schedule contains a true and complete list of all Material
                  Contracts (except with respect to items described in Section
                  3.01(h)(ii)(E) above) and a list of the Company's top 50
                  Customer Contracts;

                           (vi)     True and complete copies of each Material
                  Contract (except with respect to items described in Section
                  3.01(h)(ii)(E) above) have been made available to Compass and
                  to Sub.

                  (i)      COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS. Except as disclosed in the
Company Disclosure Schedule and with respect to Environmental Laws and Taxes (as
defined in Section 3.01(n)(ix)), which are the subject of Section 3.01(l) and
Section 3.01(n), respectively, the Company and its subsidiaries are in
compliance with all statutes, laws, ordinances, rules, regulations, judgments,
orders and decrees of any Governmental Entity which are material to the
operation of the business of the Company. None of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries has received, since June 1, 1998, a written communication alleging
or relating to a possible violation of any statute, law, ordinance, rule,
regulation, judgment, order or decree of any Governmental Entity applicable to
its businesses or operations, except for violations or possible violations that,
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its subsidiaries have in effect all
permits, licenses, variances, exemptions, authorizations, franchises, orders,
registrations and approvals of all Governmental Entities which are material to
the operation of the business of the Company (collectively, "Permits"),
necessary for them to own, lease or operate their properties and assets and to
carry on


                                       14
<PAGE>   18

their businesses as now conducted, and there has occurred no violation of,
default (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) under, or event giving
to such Governmental Entities any right of termination, amendment or
cancellation of, with or without notice or lapse of time or both, any such
Permit which is material to the operation of the business of the Company.

         (j)      BENEFIT PLANS; EMPLOYMENT AND LABOR RELATIONS.

                  (i)      Section 3.01(j)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
         contains an accurate and complete list of all "employee pension benefit
         plans" (as defined in Section 3(2) of the Employee Retirement Income
         Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA")) (sometimes referred to
         herein as "Pension Plans"), "employee welfare benefit plans" (as
         defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA) and all other plans, agreements,
         policies or arrangements relating to stock options, stock purchases,
         compensation, deferred compensation, bonus, severance, and other
         employee benefits, in each case maintained or contributed to as of the
         date of this Agreement by the Company or any subsidiary for the benefit
         of any current or former employees, officers or directors of the
         Company or any subsidiary or for which the Company or any subsidiary is
         or could be liable, as a result of its status as an ERISA Affiliate (as
         defined below) (collectively, the "Benefit Plans"). Except as set forth
         on Section 3.01(j)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the
         Company nor any ERISA Affiliate currently sponsors or contributes to,
         nor has ever sponsored or contributed to, any "multiemployer plan" as
         described in Section 37(A) of ERISA. Each Benefit Plan has been duly
         authorized by all necessary corporate action by the Company or any
         participating subsidiary or ERISA Affiliate. The Company has delivered
         to Compass true, complete and correct copies of (A) the Morrison Health
         Care, Inc. Salary Deferral Plan; (B) the Morrison Health Care, Inc.
         Salary Deferral Plan Trust Agreement; (C) the Morrison Health Care,
         Inc. 401(k) Plan for Union Employees; (D) the Trust Agreement between
         Merrill Lynch Trust Company, FSB, as the Trustee and Morrison Health
         Care, Inc., as the Employer; (E) the Morrison Restaurants, Inc.
         Retirement Plan; (F) the Morrison Incorporated Retirement Plan Trust
         Agreement; (G) the Morrison Management Specialists, Inc. Grantor Trust
         Agreement; (H) the Morrison Health Care, Inc. Executive Life Insurance
         Plan; (I) the Morrison Health Care, Inc. Cafeteria Plan, (J) the
         Morrison Health Care, Inc. Employee Welfare Benefit Plans Master Trust
         Agreement, (K) the Administrative Services Agreement between
         Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and Morrison Health Care, Inc.
         dated March 1, 1999, and (L) the Employee Management Services Agreement
         between the Company and Professional Employment Managers, Inc. dated
         June, 1999. "ERISA Affiliate" means, with respect to any entity, trade
         or business, any other entity, trade or business that is a member of a
         group described in Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code or
         Section 4001(b)(1) of ERISA that includes the first entity, trade or
         business, or that is a member of the same "controlled group" as the
         first entity, trade or business pursuant to Section 4001(a)(14) of
         ERISA, at any time. "DOL" means the United States Department of Labor.
         "IRS" means the Internal Revenue Service. "PBGC" means the Pension
         Benefit Guaranty Corporation.


                                       15
<PAGE>   19

                  (ii)     Except as set forth on Section 3.01(j)(ii) of the
         Company Disclosure Schedule, the Benefit Plans are on the date hereof
         in compliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code, the
         rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, all other applicable laws
         and the terms of all applicable collective bargaining agreements. There
         are no investigations by any federal or state entity, or other claims
         (except routine claims for benefits payable under the Benefit Plans),
         suits or proceedings against or with respect to which any Benefit Plan
         is a party or asserting any rights to or claims for benefits under any
         Benefit Plan that would give rise to any liability that, individually
         or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material
         Adverse Effect on the Company. There are no involuntary termination
         proceedings which have been instituted against any Pension Plan.

                  (iii)    Each of the Company and its subsidiaries has
         performed all of its material obligations under all Benefit Plans and
         has made appropriate entries in its financial records and statements
         prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting practices for
         all obligations and liabilities under such Benefit Plans that have
         accrued but are not yet due. Other than any Pension Plan amendment with
         respect to which the remedial amendment period described under Section
         401(b) of the Code has not expired, each Pension Plan that is intended
         to be a tax-qualified plan is the subject of a favorable determination
         letter from the IRS (a "Determination Letter Request"), and was filed
         with the IRS within the remedial amendment period described under
         Section 401(b) of the Code, each such favorable determination letter
         stating to the effect that such Pension Plan is qualified under Section
         401(a) of the Code, subject to the reservation as to the Pension Plan's
         operational compliance with Code requirements. No such determination
         letter on any Pension Plan has been revoked, and the IRS has not issued
         written notice of its intent to revoke the qualified status of any such
         Pension Plan. No event has occurred and no circumstance exists that
         would reasonably be expected to result in the disqualification of such
         Pension Plan or, with respect to each Determination Letter Request,
         would reasonably be expected to cause the IRS not to issue a favorable
         determination letter. The Company has delivered or made available to
         Compass a copy of the most recent determination letter received with
         respect to each Pension Plan for which a letter has been issued, as
         well as any Determination Letter Request still pending.

                  (iv)     No statement, either written or oral, has been made
         by the Company or any subsidiary to any individual with regard to any
         Benefit Plan that was not in accordance with the respective Benefit
         Plan and that could have material adverse economic consequences to the
         Surviving Corporation or Compass.

                  (v)      Except as set forth on Section 3.01(j)(v) of the
         Company Disclosure Schedule, each Benefit Plan is and has been
         administered, and the Company and its subsidiaries, with respect to all
         Benefit Plans are, in compliance in all material respects with ERISA,
         the Code and other applicable laws and with


                                       16
<PAGE>   20

         applicable collective bargaining agreements. This statement
         specifically means, but is not limited to, the following matters:

                           (A)      No material transaction prohibited by
                  Section 406 of ERISA and no material "prohibited transaction"
                  under Section 4975 of the Code have occurred with respect to
                  any Benefit Plan for which an exemption does not apply.

                           (B)      The Company and its subsidiaries have had no
                  liability to the PBGC with respect to any plan or have any
                  liability under Sections 502 or 4071(c) of ERISA. All filings
                  required by ERISA and the Code as to each Benefit Plan have
                  been timely filed, and all notices and disclosures to
                  participants under such Benefit Plans required by either ERISA
                  or the Code have been timely provided.

                  (vi)     Except as set forth on Section 3.01(j)(vi) of the
         Company Disclosure Schedule, each of the following statements is true
         and correct regarding each Benefit Plan:

                           (A)      No event or circumstance specific to the
                  Company or its subsidiaries (as opposed to general economic or
                  industry events that impact the Company or its subsidiaries as
                  members of an affected group or class of business
                  enterprises), except for ordinary course matters such as
                  workers compensation adjustments, has occurred since the close
                  of the Benefit Plan year immediately preceding the date of
                  this Agreement that could result in a material increase in
                  premium costs of any Benefit Plan that are insured, or
                  material increase in benefit costs of such Benefit Plans that
                  are self-insured.

                           (B)      Except to the extent required under Section
                  601 et seq. of ERISA and Section 4980B of the Code, neither
                  the Company nor any of its subsidiaries provides health or
                  welfare benefits for any retired or former employee or is
                  obligated to provide health or welfare benefits to any active
                  employee or beneficiary following such employee's retirement
                  or other termination of service.

                           (C)      The Company and its subsidiaries has the
                  right to modify and terminate benefits to retirees (other than
                  benefits provided under Pension Plans) with respect to both
                  retired and active employees. Each Benefit Plan has complied
                  in all material respects with the provisions of Section 601 et
                  seq. of ERISA and Section 4980B of the Code.

                  (vii)    Except as set forth on Section 3.01(j)(vii) of the
         Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any of its
         subsidiaries now sponsors, maintains, contributes to or has an
         obligation to contribute to, and has not at any time since January 1,
         1994, sponsored, maintained, contributed to, or been obligated to
         contribute to, any Pension Plan subject to the provisions of


                                       17
<PAGE>   21

         Section 302 or Title IV of ERISA or Sections 412 or 4971 of the Code.
         Except where such liabilities would not reasonably be expected to have
         a Material Adverse Effect, no liability currently exists, and under no
         circumstances could the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates incur a
         liability (other than liabilities arising in accordance with the terms
         of the Benefit Plans) pursuant to the provisions of Title I, II or IV
         of ERISA or Section 412, 4971 or 4980B of the Code that could become a
         liability of the Surviving Corporation or Compass after the
         Transactions. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither
         the Company nor any of its ERISA Affiliates has engaged in any
         transaction described in Section 4069 or Section 4204 of ERISA for the
         purpose of evading liability under subtitle D of Title IV of ERISA.

                  (viii)   Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has
         incurred any material liability, nor has any event occurred that could
         reasonably result in any material liability, under Title I or Title IV
         of ERISA (other than to a Pension Plan for contributions not yet due or
         to the PBGC for payment of premiums not yet due) or under Section 412
         or Chapter 43 of the Code that has not been fully paid as of the date
         hereof.

                  (ix)     Except as set forth in Section 3.01(j)(ix) of the
         Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any of its
         subsidiaries is a party to, or bound by, any contract with any labor
         union or association, including, without limitation, any collective
         bargaining, labor or similar agreement. Neither the execution and
         delivery of this Agreement nor the consummation of the transactions
         contemplated hereby will (A) constitute a breach or default under any
         such agreement, (B) give rise to any right to terminate, amend or
         modify any such agreement or (C) create any withdrawal liability.
         Except as set forth in Section 3.01(g) of the Company Disclosure
         Schedule, there is not currently, pending or existing and there is not
         and has not been threatened (i) any strike, slow-down, picketing, work
         stoppage or formal employee grievance or arbitration process; (ii) any
         proceeding against the Company or any subsidiary relating to the
         alleged violation of any legal requirement pertaining to labor
         relations or employment matters, including any charge, claim or action
         or complaint filed by an employee or union with the National Labor
         Relations Board, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the DOL
         or any other federal or state governmental body, any organizational
         activity or other labor or unemployment dispute against the Company,
         any subsidiary, or the Surviving Corporation; (iii) any application for
         certification of a collective bargaining agent; or (iv) any formal or
         other organizational activity by the Company's or any subsidiary's
         employees, except with respect to clauses (i) and (ii) immediately
         above, such occurrences as would not be reasonably expected to have a
         Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company and its
         subsidiaries, no event has occurred or circumstance exists that could
         provide the basis for any work stoppage or other labor dispute. There
         is no lockout of any employees by the Company or any subsidiary, and no
         such action is contemplated by the Company or any subsidiary. The
         Company and its subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable laws
         relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions
         of employment, wages and


                                       18
<PAGE>   22

         hours, nondiscrimination, employee leave, hours, benefits, the payment
         of social security taxes, and occupational health, and is not engaged
         in any unfair labor practice except where the failure to so comply or
         the result of such unfair labor practice, as the case may be, would not
         have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.

                  (x)      Except as disclosed in the Filed SEC Documents, since
         the date of the most recent audited financial statements included in
         the Filed SEC Documents, there has not been any adoption of or
         amendment in any collective bargaining agreement.

                  (xi)     Except as set forth in Section 3.01(j)(xi) of the
         Company Disclosure Schedule, since the meeting of the Company's Board
         of Directors on September 27, 2000, there has not been any adoption of
         or amendment to any Benefit Plan, other than any amendment required by
         law or consistent with past practice.

         (k)      ABSENCE OF CERTAIN BUSINESS PRACTICES. Since June 1, 1998,
neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the
Company and its subsidiaries (other than solely as a result of the knowledge of
any individual who engages in such conduct), any officer, employee or agent
thereof, or any other person acting on either of their behalf, has, directly or
indirectly, given or agreed to give any payment, gift or similar benefit to any
customer, supplier, governmental employee or other person who is or may be in a
position to help or hinder the business or operations of the Company or any
subsidiary (or assist the Company or any subsidiary in connection with any
actual or proposed transaction relating to its business and operations) (i)
which subjected or might have subjected the Company or any subsidiary to any
damage or penalty in any criminal or governmental litigation or proceeding, or
(ii) which, in case of a payment made directly or indirectly to an official or
employee of any government or of an agency or instrumentality of any government,
constitutes an illegal bribe or kickback (or, if made to an official or employee
of a foreign government, is unlawful under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of
1977) or, in the case of a payment made directly or indirectly to a person other
than an official or employee of a government or of an agency or instrumentality
of a government, constitutes an illegal bribe, illegal kickback or other illegal
payment under any law of the United States or under the law of any state which
subjects the payor to a criminal penalty or the loss of a license or privilege
to engage in a trade or business or the termination of a Customer Contract.

         (l)      ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS.

                  (i)      Except as set forth in Section 3.01(l) of the Company
         Disclosure Schedule, (A) the Company and its subsidiaries are in
         material compliance with all Environmental Laws (as defined below) and
         are subject to no continuing agreements, orders or judgments with
         respect to compliance with Environmental Laws (as defined below); (B)
         neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any
         written notices of material unremedied violations from any Governmental
         Entity, and there are no governmental investigations or audits, whether
         pending, or to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, with respect


                                       19
<PAGE>   23

         thereto, the violation of which could result in the imposition of a
         material fine, penalty, liability, cost or expense; and (C) the Company
         and its subsidiaries have obtained or made application and paid for all
         material permits, licenses, orders and approvals of governmental or
         administrative authorities which either are required by applicable
         Environmental Laws (as defined below) to permit it to carry on its
         business and operations in substantially the same manner as currently
         conducted and the Company and its subsidiaries are in material
         compliance with the requirements set out in such permits, licenses,
         orders and approvals.

                  (ii)     Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has
         used, stored, disposed or released any Hazardous Material (as defined
         below), except such substances as are normally used in the conduct of
         its business and operations, and then in such quantities as are in
         compliance in all material respects with Environmental Laws (as defined
         below).

                  (iii)    Definitions.

                  "Environmental Laws" means all applicable laws, rules,
         regulations, orders, decrees, common law, judgments or binding
         agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by or with any
         Governmental Entity relating to pollution or protection of the
         environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, soils
         or subsurface strata) or protection of human health as it relates to
         Hazardous Materials, including laws and regulations relating to
         Releases or threatened Releases of Hazardous Materials or otherwise
         relating to the generation, manufacture, processing, distribution, use,
         treatment, storage, transport, handling of or exposure to Hazardous
         Materials.

                  "Hazardous Materials" means all hazardous, toxic, explosive or
         radioactive substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum
         or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos-containing material,
         polychlorinated biphenyls ("PCBs") or PCB-containing materials or
         equipment, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other
         substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any
         Environmental Law.

                   "Release" means, with respect to any Hazardous Material,
         any release, spill, emission, leaking, dumping, injection, pouring,
         deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal, leaching or migration of such
         Hazardous Materials into or through the environment (including ambient
         air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata) or
         within any building, structure, facility or fixture.

         (m)      INSURANCE. Section 3.01(m) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
contains a list of all policies of insurance held by, or maintained on behalf
of, the Company or any subsidiary, indicating for each policy the carrier, the
insured, the type of insurance, the amounts of coverage and the expiration date.
Except as set forth on Section 3.01(m) of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
nether the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any written notice
of cancellation, material amendment or material dispute as to coverage with
respect to any such policies.


                                       20
<PAGE>   24

         (n)      TAXES. (i) (A) Each of the Company and its subsidiaries has
                  timely filed or caused to be filed with appropriate taxing
                  authorities all domestic and foreign (whether national,
                  federal, state, provincial, local or otherwise) tax returns
                  and reports required to be filed by or with respect to it; (B)
                  each of the Company and its subsidiaries has timely paid in
                  full all Taxes shown as due on such returns and reports; and
                  (C) the most recent financial statements contained in the
                  Filed SEC Documents reflect an adequate reserve for all
                  current Taxes payable by the Company and each of its
                  subsidiaries (in addition to any reserve for deferred taxes
                  established to reflect timing differences between book and tax
                  items) for all taxable periods and portions thereof through
                  the date of such financial statements.

                  (ii)     Except as set forth in Section 3.01(n)(ii) of the
         Company Disclosure Schedule, no material domestic or foreign (whether
         national, federal, state, provincial, local or otherwise) income or
         franchise tax return or report or any other tax return or report of the
         Company or any of its subsidiaries is under audit or examination by any
         taxing authority, and no written or, to the knowledge of the Company,
         unwritten notice of such an audit or examination has been received by
         the Company or any of its subsidiaries. The Company has received no
         notice of deficiency, refund litigation, proposed adjustment or matter
         in controversy with respect to any amount of Taxes due and owing by the
         Company or any of its subsidiaries. Each deficiency resulting from any
         completed audit or examination relating to any amount of Taxes by any
         taxing authority or any concluded litigation has been timely paid in
         full.

                  (iii)    Except as disclosed on Section 3.01(n)(iii) of the
         Company Disclosure Schedule, with respect to each of the Company and
         its subsidiaries, there is no currently effective agreement or other
         document extending, or having the effect of extending, the period of
         assessment or collection of any Taxes and no power of attorney with
         respect to any Taxes has been executed or filed with any taxing
         authority.

                  (iv)     No Liens for Taxes exist upon any assets or
         properties of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, except for
         statutory Liens for Taxes not yet due and Liens for Taxes that the
         Company or any of its subsidiaries is contesting in good faith for
         which adequate reserves have been established.

                  (v)      Except as disclosed on Section 3.01(n)(v) of the
         Company Disclosure Schedule, none of the Company or any of its
         subsidiaries is a party to or bound by any tax sharing or allocation
         agreement, tax indemnity obligation or any similar agreement,
         arrangement or practice with respect to Taxes (including any advance
         pricing agreement, closing agreement, gain recognition agreement or
         other agreement relating to Taxes with any taxing authority).

                  (vi)     None of the Company or any of its subsidiaries was,
         at any time during a period specified in Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii) of
         the Code, a United States real property holding corporation within the
         meaning of Section 897(c)(2) of the Code.


                                       21
<PAGE>   25
                  (vii)    Except as disclosed on Section 3.01(n)(vii) of the
         Company Disclosure Schedule, none of the Company or any of its
         subsidiaries has at any time since January 1, 1990 been a member of a
         Company Affiliated Group (as defined in Section 3.01(n)(xiii)), and, to
         the best knowledge of the Company, none of the Company or any of its
         subsidiaries has any liability for Taxes of any other person which is
         not a subsidiary of the Company under Treasury Regulation Section
         1.1502-6 (or comparable provisions of foreign, state or local law), as
         a transferee or successor, by contract or otherwise.

                  (viii)   Except as otherwise disclosed in the Filed SEC
         Documents, none of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has
         constituted either a "distributing corporation" or a "controlled
         corporation" in a distribution of stock qualifying or intended to
         qualify for tax-free treatment under Section 355 of the Code in the two
         years prior to the date of this Agreement.

                  (ix)     All Taxes which the Company or any of its
         subsidiaries is (or was) required by law to withhold or collect have
         been duly withheld or collected, and have been timely paid over to the
         proper authorities to the extent due and payable.

                  (x)      There are not currently pending any material claims
         made by a taxing authority in a jurisdiction where the Company or any
         of its subsidiaries does not file tax returns and reports, that the
         Company or any of its subsidiaries is or may be subject to taxation by
         that jurisdiction.

                  (xi)     Except as disclosed in Section 3.01(n)(xi) of the
         Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any of its
         subsidiaries has applied for, been granted, or agreed to any accounting
         method change for which it will be required to take into account any
         adjustment under Section 481 of the Code or any similar provision of
         the Code or the corresponding tax laws of any nation, state or
         locality.

                  (xii)    Except as set forth in Section 3.01(n)(xii) of the
         Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any of its
         subsidiaries is a party to any agreement that would require the Company
         or any of its subsidiaries or any affiliate thereof to make any payment
         the would constitute an "excess parachute payment" for purposes of
         Section 280G and 4999 of the Code.

                  (xiii)   As used in this Agreement, (A) "Taxes" shall include
         all (x) domestic and foreign (whether national, federal, state,
         provincial, local or otherwise) income, franchise, property, sales,
         excise, employment, payroll, social security, value-added, ad valorem,
         transfer, withholding, license, severance, stamp, premium,
         environmental, customs, duties, capital stock, unemployment,
         disability, registration, estimated, alternative, add-on minimum and
         other taxes, including taxes based on or measured by gross receipts,
         profits, sales, use or occupation, tariffs, levies, impositions,
         assessments or governmental charges of any nature whatsoever, including
         any interest penalties or additions with respect thereto, (y) liability
         for the payment of any amounts of the type described in


                                       22
<PAGE>   26
         clause (x) as a result of being a member of an affiliated,
         consolidated, combined or unitary group, and (z) liability for the
         payment of any amounts as a result of being party to any tax sharing
         agreement or as a result of any express or implied obligation to
         indemnify any other person with respect to the payment of any amounts
         of the types described in clause (x) or (y) and (B) "Company Affiliated
         Group" shall mean each group of which the Company or any of its
         subsidiaries is or has been a member during a period for which such
         group filed a tax return or report on an affiliated, combined,
         consolidated or unitary basis.

                  (xiv)    The Company has not breached, and is not in default
         under, the Amended and Restated Tax Allocation and Indemnification
         Agreement dated March 2, 1996 among Morrison Restaurants Inc., Custom
         Management Corporation of Pennsylvania, Custom Management Corporation,
         John C. Metz & Associates, Inc., Morrison International, Inc., Morrison
         Custom Management Corporation of Pennsylvania, Morrison Fresh Cooking,
         Inc., Ruby Tuesday, Inc., Ruby Tuesday (Georgia), Inc., Galaxy
         Management, Inc., Manask Food Services, Inc., Morrison of New Jersey,
         Inc., Tias, Inc. and the Company (the "Reorganization Tax Agreement").

         (o)      INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.

                  (i)      The Company and its subsidiaries own, free and clear
         of all Liens, or are validly licensed or otherwise have the right to
         use all the trademarks, service marks, trade names, brands, copyrights
         and patents, all applications for registration and registrations for
         such trademarks, copyrights and patents and all mask works, trade
         secrets, confidential and proprietary information, compositions of
         matter, formulas, designs, proprietary rights, know-how and processes
         owned by or licensed to or used by the Company or any of its
         subsidiaries (all of the foregoing collectively hereinafter referred to
         as the "Intellectual Property Rights") that are material to the conduct
         of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries, with such
         exceptions as, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably
         be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the Company's
         knowledge, all the Intellectual Property Rights that are material to
         the conduct of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries are
         valid, enforceable and in full force and effect.

                  (ii)     To the Company's knowledge, none of the Company or
         any of its subsidiaries has interfered with, infringed upon or
         misappropriated any valid Intellectual Property Rights or other
         proprietary information of any other person, except any such
         infringement or misappropriation that, individually and in the
         aggregate would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
         Effect. Since June 1, 1998, with respect to such material infringement
         or misappropriation, none of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has
         received any written charge, complaint, claim, demand or notice
         alleging any such interference, infringement, misappropriation or other
         conflict (including any claim that the Company or any of its
         subsidiaries must license or refrain from using any Intellectual
         Property Rights or other proprietary information of any other person)


                                       23
<PAGE>   27
         that has not been settled or otherwise fully resolved. To the Company's
         knowledge, no other person has interfered with, infringed upon or
         misappropriated any Intellectual Property Rights of the Company or any
         of its subsidiaries, except any such infringement or misappropriation
         that, individually and in the aggregate would not reasonably be
         expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

         (p)      PROPERTY. Section 3.01(p) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
contains a true and complete list of all real property owned by the Company or
any of its subsidiaries. The Company and each of its subsidiaries has valid
title or valid leasehold interests to all its real and personal property, free
and clear of all mortgages, liens, pledges, charges or encumbrances of any
nature whatsoever, except (i) liens for current taxes, payments of which are not
yet delinquent, (ii) such imperfections in title and easements and encumbrances,
if any, as are not substantial in character, amount or extent and do not
materially detract from the value, or materially interfere with the present use
of the property subject thereto or affected thereby, or otherwise materially
impair the Company's business operations, or (iii) such restrictions and
encumbrances as are listed on the title insurance policies of the Company with
respect to such owned real property, copies of which have been made available to
Compass. There are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened
condemnation proceedings against or affecting any real property owned by the
Company or its subsidiaries.

         (q)      REORGANIZATION AGREEMENTS. Neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries, and to the knowledge of the Company, no third party, is in default
with respect to any material obligation or liability under (i) that certain
Distribution Agreement dated as of March 2, 1996 by and among Morrison
Restaurants Inc., Morrison Fresh Cooking, Inc. and the Company, (ii) the
Reorganization Tax Agreement (as defined above), and (iii) that certain
Agreement Respecting Employee Benefit Matters dated as of March 2, 1996 among
Morrison Restaurants Inc., Morrison Fresh Cooking, Inc. and the Company.

         (r)      RIGHTS AGREEMENT. The Company has taken all action necessary
so that the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and the consummation of
the Transactions or the other transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, will
not result in the occurrence of a "Distribution Date" or "Stock Acquisition
Date" or "Triggering Event" under that certain Rights Agreement dated as of
March 2, 1996 between the Company and AmSouth Bank of Alabama (as amended,
modified, supplemented or replaced, the "Rights Agreement") and will not result
in any person becoming an "Acquiring Person" (as such terms are defined in the
Rights Agreement). All outstanding Rights will be retired or expire at the
Effective Time.

         (s)      TAKEOVER PROVISIONS AND STATUTES. The Board of Directors of
the Company has taken all actions necessary to exempt this Agreement, the
Transactions or the other transactions contemplated hereby from all applicable
takeover and super-majority provisions of the Company's Articles of
Incorporation and Bylaws and from Georgia law, including Sections 14-2-1111 and
14-2-1132 of the GBCC. No other provision in any organizational document or
agreement of the Company or any subsidiary nor, to the knowledge of the Company,
any other state takeover or similar statute or regulation is applicable to this
Agreement and the Transactions or the other transactions contemplated hereby.


                                       24
<PAGE>   28

         (t)      VOTE REQUIRED. The affirmative vote of the holders of a
majority of the outstanding Company Common Stock entitled to vote thereon is the
only vote of the holders of any class or series of Company capital stock
necessary to approve this Agreement, the Transactions and the other transactions
contemplated hereby.

         (u)      BROKERS; SCHEDULE OF FEES AND EXPENSES. No broker, investment
banker, financial advisor, finder or other similar person, other than Bear,
Stearns & Co. Inc., the fees and expenses of which will be paid by the Company,
is entitled to any broker's, finder's, financial advisor's or other similar fee
or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Company. The Company has
delivered to Compass true and complete copies of all agreements under which any
such fees or expenses are payable and all indemnification and other agreements
related to the engagement of the persons to whom such fees are payable.

         (v)      OPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR. The Board of Directors of the
Company has received the written opinion of Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc.,
substantially to the effect that, as of the date hereof, the consideration to be
received in the Offer and the Merger by the Company's stockholders is fair to
the Company's stockholders from a financial point of view, a copy of which
opinion has been delivered to Compass.

         (w)      COMPANY BUSINESS. The Company owns no assets and conducts no
business outside of the continental United States.

         (x)      INFORMATION SUPPLIED.

                  (i)      The Schedule 14D-9 (and any amendment or supplement
         thereto) will not, on the date of its filing with the SEC and the date
         it is first published, sent or given to shareholders, contain any
         untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
         required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
         statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are
         made, not misleading, except that no representation is made by the
         Company with respect to information supplied in writing by or on behalf
         of Compass or Sub expressly for inclusion therein. The Schedule 14D-9
         will comply as to form in all material respects with the requirements
         of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.

                  (ii)     The information supplied or to be supplied in writing
         by or on behalf of the Company for inclusion in the Offer Documents
         will not, on the date the Offer Documents are filed with the SEC or on
         the date the Offer Documents are first published, sent or given to
         shareholders, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
         to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
         in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
         under which they are made, not misleading.


                                       25

<PAGE>   29

         Section  3.02. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF COMPASS AND SUB.
Compass and Sub represent and warrant to the Company as follows:

                  (a)      ORGANIZATION. Each of Compass and Sub is a
corporation duly incorporated or organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated or
organized and has all requisite corporate power and authority to carry on its
business as now being conducted.

                  (b)      AUTHORITY; NONCONTRAVENTION. Compass and Sub have the
requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement
and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and
delivery of this Agreement by Compass and Sub, the consummation by Compass and
Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby and the financing arrangements
referred to in Section 3.02(d), have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action on the part of Compass and Sub and no other corporate
proceedings on the part of Compass or Sub are necessary to approve this
Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement
has been duly executed and delivered by Compass and Sub and constitutes a valid
and binding obligation of Compass and Sub enforceable against Compass and Sub in
accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
moratorium, fraudulent conveyance, or other similar laws relating to creditors'
rights and general principles of equity. The execution and delivery of this
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and
compliance with the provisions hereof do not and will not conflict with, or
result in any violation or breach of, or default (with or without notice or
lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of, or result in,
termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation or to loss of a
material benefit under, or result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the
properties or assets of Compass under, or give rise to any increased,
additional, accelerated or guaranteed rights or entitlements under, any
provision of (i) the articles of organization or bylaws or similar
organizational documents of Compass or Sub, (ii) any Contract to which Compass
or Sub is a party or any of their respective properties or assets is subject or
(iii) subject to the governmental filings and other matters referred to in the
following sentence, any (A) statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation or (B)
judgment, order or decree, in each case applicable to Compass or Sub or their
respective properties or assets, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and
(iii), any such conflicts, violations, breaches, defaults, rights, losses, Liens
or entitlements that, individually and in the aggregate, would not reasonably be
expected to prevent or materially impede or delay the consummation of the Offer,
the Merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby. No consent, approval,
order or authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with, any
Governmental Entity is required by Compass or Sub in connection with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by Compass and Sub and the consummation
by Compass and Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby or the
compliance with the provisions hereof or thereof, except for (1) expiration or
termination of the waiting period under the HSR Act, (2) the filing of the
Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Georgia and
appropriate documents with the relevant authorities of other states in which the
Company is qualified to do business, (3) the filing of the Offer Documents with
the SEC and (4) such other consents, approvals, orders, authorizations,
registrations, declarations and filings the failure of which to be obtained or
made, individually and in the aggregate, would not impair in any material
respect the ability of Compass or Sub to perform its obligations under this
Agreement or



                                       26
<PAGE>   30

prevent or materially delay the consummation of any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

                  (c)      INTERIM OPERATIONS OF SUB. Sub was formed solely for
the purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated hereby and has engaged
in no business other than in connection with the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement.

                  (d)      CAPITAL RESOURCES. Compass has on hand or pursuant to
written commitments sufficient funds to purchase, or permit Sub to purchase, all
shares of the Company Common Stock validly tendered into and not withdrawn from
the Offer and to permit Compass and Sub to consummate the Transactions and to
pay the Merger Consideration and all associated costs and expenses.

                  (e)      DIRECTOR RECOMMENDATIONS. The Board of Directors of
Compass (or a duly authorized committee) has duly and unanimously adopted
resolutions which are still in full force and effect as of the date hereof
approving and declaring advisable the Offer, the Merger, this Agreement and the
Transactions. The Board of Directors and sole shareholder of Sub have adopted
resolutions approving the Offer, the Merger, this Agreement and the
Transactions.

                  (f)      BROKERS; SCHEDULE OF FEES AND EXPENSES. No broker,
investment banker, financial advisor, finder or other similar person, other than
Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation, the fees and expenses of which will be
paid by Compass or Sub, is entitled to any broker's, finder's, financial
advisor's or other similar fee or commission in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of
Compass or Sub.

                  (g)      NO UNTRUE REPRESENTATION; INFORMATION SUPPLIED.

                           (i)      The Offer Documents will not, on the date
                  filed with the SEC and first published, sent or given to
                  shareholders of the Company, contain any untrue statement of a
                  material fact or omit to state any material fact required to
                  be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
                  therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are
                  made, not misleading, except that no representation is made by
                  Compass or Sub with respect to information supplied in writing
                  by or on behalf of the Company expressly for inclusion therein
                  and information derived from documents filed by the Company
                  with the Commission. The Offer Documents will comply as to
                  form in all material respects with the requirements of the
                  Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder.

                           (ii)     The information supplied or to be supplied
                  in writing by or on behalf of Compass or Sub for inclusion in
                  the Schedule 14D-9 (and any amendments or supplements thereto)
                  will not, on the date the Schedule 14D-9 is filed with the SEC
                  and is first published, sent or given to shareholders of the
                  Company, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
                  omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein
                  or necessary in order to make the


                                       27
<PAGE>   31

                  statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
                  they are made, not misleading.

                                   ARTICLE IV
                    COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS

         Section  4.01. CONDUCT OF BUSINESS.

                  (a)      CONDUCT OF BUSINESS BY THE COMPANY. During the period
from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, except (i) as consented
to in writing by Compass, (ii) as specifically contemplated by this Agreement,
or (iii) as disclosed in Section 4.01 of the Company Disclosure Schedule (with
specific reference to the Subsection of this Section 4.01 to which the
information stated in such disclosure relates and such other Subsections of this
Section 4.01 to the extent a matter is disclosed in such a way as to make its
relevance to the information called for by such other Subsection readily
apparent), the Company shall, and shall cause its subsidiaries to, carry on
their respective businesses in the ordinary course consistent with past practice
and use their commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable
laws, rules and regulations and, to the extent consistent therewith, use their
commercially reasonable efforts to preserve their assets and technology and
preserve their relationships with customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees,
distributors and others having business dealings with them in all material
respects. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company shall
not, and shall not permit any of its subsidiaries to:

                           (i)      (w) declare, set aside or pay any dividends
                  on, or make any other distributions (whether in cash, stock or
                  property) in respect of, any of its capital stock, other than
                  quarterly cash dividends consistent with past practice, (x)
                  purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of capital
                  stock or any other securities of the Company or its
                  subsidiaries or any options, warrants, calls or rights to
                  acquire any such shares or other securities, except with
                  respect to redemption requirements pursuant to the Company
                  Stock Plans, (y) split, combine or reclassify any of its
                  capital stock or issue or authorize the issuance of any other
                  securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for
                  shares of its capital stock or any of its other securities or
                  (z) liquidate or merge with any subsidiaries of the Company;

                           (ii)     issue, deliver, sell, pledge or otherwise
                  transfer or encumber any shares of its capital stock, any
                  other equity or voting interests or any securities convertible
                  into, or exchangeable for, or any options, warrants, calls or
                  rights to acquire, any such shares, voting securities or
                  convertible securities or any stock appreciation rights or
                  other rights that are linked to the price of Company Common
                  Stock (other than the issuance of shares of Company Common
                  Stock upon the exercise of Company Stock Options pursuant to
                  the Benefit Plans that are in existence on the date of this
                  Agreement);

                           (iii)    amend its articles of incorporation or
                  bylaws (or similar organizational documents);


                                       28
<PAGE>   32

                           (iv)     directly or indirectly acquire or agree to
                  acquire (A) by merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing
                  all or a substantial portion of the assets of, or by any other
                  manner, any assets constituting a business or any corporation,
                  partnership, joint venture or association or other entity or
                  division thereof, or any direct or indirect interest in any of
                  the foregoing, or (B) any assets other than purchases of
                  assets in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
                  practice;

                           (v)      directly or indirectly sell, lease, license,
                  sell and leaseback, mortgage or otherwise encumber or subject
                  to any Lien (except for purchase money security interests and
                  other Liens arising in the ordinary course of business) or
                  otherwise dispose of any of its properties or assets or any
                  interest therein, except sales of (i) inventory and obsolete
                  assets in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
                  practice and (ii) immaterial assets in the ordinary course of
                  business consistent with past practice (but specifically
                  excluding joint venture investments);

                           (vi)     (x) repurchase, accelerate, prepay or incur
                  any indebtedness or guarantee any indebtedness of another
                  person or issue or sell any debt securities or options,
                  warrants, calls or other rights to acquire any debt securities
                  of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, guarantee any debt
                  securities of another person, enter into any "keep well" or
                  other agreement to maintain any financial statement condition
                  of another person or enter into any arrangement having the
                  economic effect of any of the foregoing, other than in the
                  ordinary course of business consistent with past practice,
                  provided that the aggregate amount of indebtedness of the
                  Company shall not exceed $70,000,000 as of the Specified Date,
                  (y) make any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or
                  investments in, any other person, other than any direct or
                  indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, or (z) enter
                  into any hedging agreement or other financial agreement or
                  arrangement designed to protect the company against
                  fluctuations in commodities prices or current exchange rates,
                  except agreements or arrangements in respect of contractual
                  commitments of the Company entered into in the ordinary course
                  of business consistent with past practice;

                           (vii)    incur or commit to incur any capital
                  expenditures, whether by acquisition or internal investment,
                  or any obligations or liabilities in connection therewith,
                  other than capital expenditures which are reflected on the
                  Company's fiscal 2001 budget;

                           (viii)   pay, discharge, settle or satisfy any claims
                  (including claims of stockholders), liabilities or obligations
                  (whether absolute, accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent
                  or otherwise), in excess of $500,000 in the aggregate other
                  than the payment, discharge or satisfaction in the ordinary
                  course of business consistent with past practice or as
                  required by their terms as in effect on the date of this
                  Agreement of trade payables and other similar liabilities and
                  of claims, liabilities or obligations reflected, reserved
                  against or otherwise disclosed in the most recent audited
                  financial statements (or the notes thereto) of the Company


                                       29
<PAGE>   33

                  included in the Filed SEC Documents (for amounts not in excess
                  of such reserves or as otherwise disclosed) or incurred since
                  the date of such financial statements in the ordinary course
                  of business consistent with past practice, or waive, release,
                  grant or transfer any right of material value, other than in
                  the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice,
                  or waive any material benefits of, or agree to modify in any
                  adverse respect, or fail to enforce, or consent to any matter
                  with respect to which its consent is required under, any
                  confidentiality, standstill or similar agreement to which the
                  Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party;

                           (ix)     (A) grant to any employee, officer,
                  director, consultant or independent contractor of the Company
                  or any of its subsidiaries any increase in compensation or pay
                  any bonus, other than in the ordinary course of business
                  consistent with past practice, (B) establish any program for
                  or grant to any employee, officer, director, consultant or
                  independent contractor of the Company or any of its
                  subsidiaries any increase in severance or termination pay, (C)
                  establish, adopt, enter into or amend any Pension Plan, (D)
                  establish, adopt, enter into or amend in any material respect
                  any collective bargaining agreement or Benefit Plan, (E) take
                  any action to accelerate any rights or benefits, take any
                  action to fund or in any other way secure the payment of
                  compensation or benefits under any Pension Plan or Benefit
                  Plan, or make any material determinations not in the ordinary
                  course of business consistent with past practice, under any
                  collective bargaining agreement or Benefit Plan or Pension
                  Plan, other than pursuant to the provisions of Section 5.07
                  hereof, including any payment of cash pursuant thereto or (F)
                  amend or modify or grant any Company Stock Option, in each
                  case above other than (i) changes that are required by
                  applicable law or (ii) to satisfy obligations existing as of
                  the date hereof;

                           (x)      fail to maintain existing insurance at
                  levels substantially comparable to current levels or otherwise
                  in a manner inconsistent with past practice;

                           (xi)     transfer or license to any person or entity
                  or otherwise extend, amend or modify any rights to the
                  Intellectual Property Rights of the Company and its
                  subsidiaries other than in the ordinary course of business
                  consistent with past practices; provided that in no event
                  shall the Company license on an exclusive basis or sell any
                  Intellectual Property Rights of the Company or its
                  subsidiaries;

                           (xii)    enter into or amend any agreements pursuant
                  to which any person is granted exclusive marketing,
                  manufacturing or other rights with respect to any material
                  Company product, process or technology;

                           (xiii)   enter into or amend any contract or other
                  agreement, whether written or oral, that contains any
                  guarantees as to the Company's or any subsidiary's future
                  revenues;


                                       30
<PAGE>   34

                           (xiv)    except with respect to the acquisition (and
                  related construction) of that certain real property and
                  facility located at 5801 Dunwoody Road, Atlanta, Georgia
                  30319, obtain any real property, whether through acquisition,
                  lease, sublease or otherwise, other than in the ordinary
                  course of business consistent with past practice in connection
                  with contracts with customers;

                           (xv)     hire in excess of that number of additional
                  employees required in the good faith judgment of the Company;

                           (xvi)    except insofar as may be required by a
                  change in GAAP or generally accepted accounting principles of
                  the applicable jurisdiction or changes in applicable law, make
                  any changes in accounting methods, principles or practices;

                           (xvii)   take any action that would reasonably be
                  expected to result in (A) any representation and warranty of
                  the Company set forth in this Agreement that is qualified as
                  to materiality becoming untrue, (B) any such representation
                  and warranty that is not so qualified becoming untrue in any
                  material respect or (C) any condition to the Offer or the
                  Merger not being satisfied; or

                           (xviii)  authorize any of, or commit, resolve or
                  agree to take any of, the foregoing actions.

                  (b)      CERTAIN TAX MATTERS. During the period from the date
of this Agreement to the Effective Time, the Company shall, and shall cause each
of its subsidiaries to, (i) timely file all tax returns ("Post-Signing Returns")
required to be filed by or with respect to each such entity; (ii) timely pay all
taxes due and payable in respect of such Post-Signing Returns that are so filed;
(iii) accrue a reserve in the books and records and financial statements of any
such entity in accordance with past practice for all taxes payable by such
entity for which no Post-Signing Return is due prior to the Effective Time; (iv)
promptly notify Compass of any suit, claim, action, investigation, proceeding or
audit (collectively, "Actions") pending against or with respect to the Company
or any of its subsidiaries in respect of any Tax, the nonpayment of which would
have a Material Adverse Effect, and not settle or compromise any such Action in
excess of $500,000 without Compass's consent; and (v) not make any material tax
election without Compass's consent.

                  (c)      ADVICE OF CHANGES; FILINGS. The Company shall,
subject to Section 4.01(d), (i) confer with Compass on a regular and frequent
basis to report on operational matters and other matters requested by Compass
and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly advise Compass orally
and in writing of any change or event that would reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and Compass shall each promptly provide
the other copies of all filings made by such party with any Governmental Entity
in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby,
other than the portions of such filings that include competitively sensitive or
other confidential information. The Company will furnish Compass with copies of
all filings and correspondence with or from the SEC.


                                       31
<PAGE>   35

                  (d)      NO DISCLOSURE. Notwithstanding Section 4.01(c), with
respect to any business in which Compass and the Company (or any of their
respective subsidiaries) compete with each other, the Company shall not provide
to Compass or Sub information (in documentary or other form) that outside
counsel to the Company (after consultation with outside counsel to Compass)
determines should not be exchanged because of the competitive sensitivity of the
information.

         Section  4.02. NO SOLICITATION.

                  (a)      The Company shall not, nor shall it permit any of its
subsidiaries to, nor shall it authorize or permit any director, officer or
employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any investment banker,
attorney, accountant or other advisor or representative of the Company or any of
its subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit, initiate or encourage
any Takeover Proposal (as defined below) or (ii) enter into, continue or
otherwise participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding, or furnish
to any person any information with respect to, or otherwise cooperate in any way
with, or assist or participate in any effort or attempt by any person with
respect to, any Takeover Proposal; provided that at any time prior to the
Specified Date, the Board of Directors of the Company may, in response to a
Superior Proposal (as defined below) or a bona fide Takeover Proposal that such
Board of Directors determines in good faith is reasonably likely to lead to a
Superior Proposal (a "Likely Superior Proposal"), in each case that was
unsolicited, and subject to compliance with Section 4.02(c), (x) furnish
information with respect to the Company and its subsidiaries to the person
making such Superior Proposal or Likely Superior Proposal (and its
representatives) pursuant to a customary confidentiality agreement (which
confidentiality agreement contains terms that are no less favorable to the
Company than the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement dated December 4, 2000,
between Compass and the Company (as it may be amended from time to time, the
"Confidentiality Agreement")) provided that all such information is provided on
a prior or substantially current basis to Compass; and (y) participate in
discussions or negotiations with the person making such Superior Proposal or
Likely Superior Proposal (and its representatives) regarding such Superior
Proposal or Likely Superior Proposal.

         For purposes of this Agreement, "Superior Proposal" means any offer not
solicited by the Company made by a third party to consummate a tender offer,
exchange offer, merger, consolidation or similar transaction which would result
in such third party (or its shareholders) owning, directly or indirectly, more
than 50% of the shares of Company Common Stock then outstanding (or of the
surviving entity in a merger) or all or substantially all of the assets of the
Company and its subsidiaries and otherwise on terms which the Board of Directors
of the Company determines in good faith (following receipt of the advice of a
financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation) to provide consideration
to the holders of Company Common Stock with a greater value than the
consideration payable in the Merger.

         For purposes of this Agreement, "Takeover Proposal" means any inquiry,
proposal or offer from any person relating to any direct or indirect acquisition
or purchase of 20% or more of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, or 20% or more of any class or series of equity securities of
the Company or any of its subsidiaries, any tender offer or exchange offer that
if consummated would result in any person beneficially owning 20% or more of any
class or series of equity securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries,
or any merger,


                                       32
<PAGE>   36

consolidation, business combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution
or similar transaction involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries, other
than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

                  (b)      Except as set forth below, neither the Board of
Directors of the Company nor any committee thereof shall (i) withdraw (or modify
in a manner adverse to Compass or Sub) or propose to withdraw (or modify in a
manner adverse to Compass or Sub) the approval or recommendation by such Board
of Directors or any such committee of this Agreement, the Offer or the Merger,
(ii) adopt, approve or recommend, or propose to adopt, approve or recommend, any
Takeover Proposal, (iii) cause or permit the Company to enter into any letter of
intent, memorandum of understanding, agreement in principle, acquisition
agreement, merger agreement or other similar agreement (each, an "Acquisition
Agreement") constituting any Takeover Proposal (other than a confidentiality
agreement referred to in Section 4.02(a) entered into under the circumstances
referred to in such Section 4.02(a)) or (iv) agree or resolve to take any of the
actions set forth in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) of this sentence.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time prior to the Specified Date, the
Board of Directors of the Company may, in response to a Superior Proposal that
was unsolicited, withdraw or modify the recommendation by such Board of
Directors of this Agreement, the Offer or the Merger or terminate this
Agreement, if such Board of Directors determines in good faith (after taking
into account any changes to the terms of this Agreement proposed in writing by
Compass in response to such Superior Proposal and after consultation with a
financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation) that such Superior
Proposal, as modified as a result of any negotiations, provides consideration to
the holders of the Company Common Stock with a greater value than the
consideration payable pursuant to this Agreement (and concurrently with or after
such termination, if it so chooses, cause the Company to enter into any
Acquisition Agreement with respect to such Superior Proposal), but only at a
time that is prior to the Specified Date and is after the third business day
following Compass's receipt of written notice advising Compass that the Board of
Directors of the Company is prepared to accept a Superior Proposal, specifying
the material terms and conditions of such Superior Proposal and identifying the
person making such Superior Proposal.

                  (c)      In addition to the obligations of the Company set
forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 4.02, the Company shall promptly
(and in no event later than 24 hours) advise Compass orally and in writing of
any request for information that the Company reasonably believes could lead to
or contemplates a Takeover Proposal or of any Takeover Proposal, or any inquiry
the Company reasonably believes could lead to any Takeover Proposal, the terms
and conditions of such request, Takeover Proposal or inquiry (including any
subsequent amendment or other modification to such terms and conditions) and the
identity of the person making any such request, Takeover Proposal or inquiry.
The Company shall promptly keep Compass informed in all material respects of the
status and details (including amendments or proposed amendments) of any such
request, Takeover Proposal or inquiry.

                  (d)      Nothing contained in this Section 4.02 or elsewhere
in this Agreement shall prohibit the Company from (i) taking and disclosing to
its stockholders a position contemplated by Rule 14e-2(a) promulgated under the
Exchange Act or (ii) making any disclosure to the Company's stockholders if, in
the good faith judgment of the Board of Directors of the Company, after
consultation with outside counsel, failure so to disclose would be


                                       33
<PAGE>   37

inconsistent with applicable law; provided, however, that, except as set forth
in Section 4.02(b), in no event shall the Board of Directors of the Company or
any committee thereof withdraw or modify, or propose to withdraw or modify, its
position with respect to this Agreement, the Offer or the Merger or adopt,
approve or recommend, or propose to adopt, approve or recommend, any Takeover
Proposal.

                                   ARTICLE V
                             ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

         Section  5.01. PREPARATION OF THE PROXY STATEMENT; COMPANY STOCKHOLDERS
MEETING.

                  (a)      If the adoption of this Agreement by the Company's
stockholders is required by law or the Company's Articles of Incorporation or
Bylaws, the Company and Compass shall, as promptly as practicable following the
expiration of the Offer, prepare and file with the SEC the Proxy Statement and
the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to respond as promptly
as practicable to any comments of the SEC with respect thereto and to cause the
Proxy Statement to be mailed to the Company's stockholders as promptly as
practicable following the expiration of the Offer. The Company shall promptly
notify Compass upon the receipt of any comments from the SEC or its staff or any
request from the SEC or its staff for amendments or supplements to the Proxy
Statement and shall provide Compass with copies of all correspondence between
the Company and its representatives, on the one hand, and the SEC and its staff,
on the other hand. Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to filing or mailing the
Proxy Statement (or any amendment or supplement thereto) or responding to any
comments of the SEC with respect thereto, the Company (i) shall provide Compass
an opportunity to review and comment on such document or response, (ii) shall
include in such document or response all comments reasonably proposed by Compass
and (iii) shall not file or mail such document or respond to the SEC prior to
receiving Compass's approval, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld
or delayed.

                  (b)      If the adoption of this Agreement by the Company's
Stockholders is required by law or the Company's Articles of Incorporation or
Bylaws, the Company shall, as promptly as practicable following the expiration
of the Offer, establish a record date (which will be as promptly as reasonably
practicable following the expiration of the Offer) for, duly call, give notice
of, convene and hold a meeting of its stockholders (the "Company Stockholders
Meeting") for the purpose of obtaining the Company Stockholder Approval. Subject
to Section 4.02(b), the Company shall, through its Board of Directors, recommend
to its stockholders that they adopt this Agreement, and shall include such
recommendation in the Proxy Statement. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company agrees that its obligations pursuant to the first
sentence of this Section 5.01(b) shall not be affected by (i) the commencement,
public proposal, public disclosure or communication to the Company or any other
person of any Takeover Proposal or (ii) the withdrawal or modification by the
Board of Directors of the Company or any committee thereof of such Board's or
committee's approval or recommendation of the Offer, the Merger or this
Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Sub or any other subsidiary of
Compass shall acquire at least ninety percent (90%) of the outstanding shares of
Company Common Stock, the parties shall take all necessary and appropriate
action to cause the Merger to become effective as soon as practicable after the


                                       34
<PAGE>   38

expiration of the Offer without the Company Stockholders Meeting in accordance
with Section 14-2-1104 of the GBCC.

                  (c)      Compass agrees to cause all shares of Company Common
Stock purchased pursuant to the Offer and all other shares of Company Common
Stock owned by Compass or any subsidiary of Compass to be voted in favor of the
Company Stockholder Approval.

         Section  5.02.    ACCESS TO INFORMATION; CONFIDENTIALITY. Except as
required by applicable law and as otherwise provided in Section 4.01(d), the
Company shall, and shall cause each of its subsidiaries to, upon reasonable
advance notice by Compass to the Company, afford to Compass, and to Compass's
officers, employees, investment bankers, attorneys, accountants and other
advisors and representatives, reasonable and reasonably prompt access during
normal business hours during the period prior to the Effective Time or the
termination of this Agreement to all their respective properties, assets, books,
contracts, commitments, directors, officers, employees, attorneys, accountants,
auditors, other advisors and representatives and records and, during such
period, the Company shall, and shall cause each of its subsidiaries to, make
available to Compass on a prompt basis (a) a copy of each report, schedule,
form, statement and other document filed or received by it during such period
pursuant to the requirements of domestic or foreign (whether national, federal,
state, provincial, local or otherwise) laws and (b) all other information
concerning its business, properties and personnel as Compass may reasonably
request (including access to, but not copies of, the work papers of Ernst &
Young LLP), except such information which counsel to the Company designates as
privileged under the attorney-client or similar privilege. Except as required by
law, Compass will hold, and will direct its officers, employees, investment
bankers, attorneys, accountants and other advisors and representatives to hold,
any and all information received from the Company, directly or indirectly, in
confidence in accordance with the Confidentiality Agreement.

         Section 5.03.     COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE EFFORTS; NOTIFICATION.

                  (a)      Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in this Agreement, each of the parties agrees to use all commercially
reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, that are
necessary to consummate and make effective the Offer, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including using all commercially
reasonable efforts to accomplish the following: (i) the taking of all
commercially reasonable acts necessary to cause the conditions to the Offer and
the Merger to be satisfied, (ii) the obtaining of all necessary actions or
nonactions, waivers, consents, approvals, orders and authorizations from
Governmental Entities and the making of all necessary registrations,
declarations and filings, including the making of all filings under the HSR Act
and the Exon-Florio Amendment as promptly as reasonably practicable, and in any
event, within 15 business days after the date hereof, and (iii) the obtaining of
all necessary consents, approvals or waivers from third parties. In connection
with and without limiting the foregoing, the Company and its Board of Directors
shall, if any provision of the Company's Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws or
any state takeover statute or similar statute or regulation is or becomes
applicable to this Agreement, the Transactions or the other transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby, use its commercially reasonable efforts to
ensure that this Agreement, the Transactions or the other transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby may be consummated as promptly as practicable on
the terms contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise to minimize the effect of
such provision, statute


                                       35
<PAGE>   39

or regulation on this Agreement, the Transactions or the other transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby. The Company and Compass shall keep the other
apprised of the status of matters relating to the completion of the transactions
contemplated hereby and work cooperatively in connection with obtaining any such
waivers, consents, approvals, orders and authorizations, including, without
limitation: (i) promptly notifying the other of, and if in writing, furnishing
the other with copies of (or, in the case of material oral communications,
advise the other orally of) any communications from or with any Governmental
Entity with respect to the Offer, the Merger or any of the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement (except such communications which counsel to the
Company advises the Company is privileged under the attorney-client privilege or
similar privilege), (ii) permitting the other party to review and discuss in
advance, and considering in good faith the views of one another in connection
with, any proposed written (or material proposed oral) communication with any
Governmental Entity, (iii) not participating in any meeting with any
Governmental Entity unless it consults with the other party in advance and to
the extent permitted by such Governmental Entity gives the other party the
opportunity to attend and participate thereat, (iv) furnishing the other party
with copies of all correspondence, filings and communications (and memoranda
setting forth the substance thereof) between it and any Governmental Entity with
respect to this Agreement, the Offer and the Merger, and (v) furnishing the
other party with such necessary information and reasonable assistance as such
other party may reasonably request in connection with its preparation of
necessary filings or submissions of information to any Governmental Entity, and
which is not of a privileged nature or which contains competitively sensitive
information.

                  (b)      The Company shall give prompt notice to Compass, and
Compass shall give prompt notice to the Company, of (i) any representation or
warranty made by it contained in this Agreement that is qualified as to
materiality becoming untrue or inaccurate in any respect or any such
representation or warranty that is not so qualified becoming untrue or
inaccurate in any material respect or (ii) the failure by it to comply with or
satisfy in any material respect any covenant, condition agreement to be complied
with or satisfied by it under this Agreement; provided that no such notification
shall affect the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of the
parties or the conditions to the obligations of the parties under this
Agreement.

         Section 5.04.     INDEMNIFICATION, EXCULPATION AND INSURANCE.

                  (a)      All rights to indemnification and exculpation from
liabilities for acts or omissions occurring at or prior to the Effective Time
now existing in favor of the current or former directors or officers of the
Company and its subsidiaries (the "Indemnified Parties") as provided in their
respective articles of incorporation or bylaws (or similar organizational
documents) shall be assumed and continued by the Surviving Corporation in the
Merger, without further action, at the Effective Time and shall survive the
Merger and shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with their
terms. Notwithstanding any other provisions in any such articles of
incorporation or bylaws to the contrary, any Indemnified Party who is an officer
or director of the Company as of the date hereof will provide notice to the
Surviving Corporation and Compass of any third party claim which may give rise
to an indemnity obligation, and the Surviving Corporation and Compass shall have
the ability to participate in the defense of any such claim.


                                       36
<PAGE>   40

                  (b)      In the event that the Surviving Corporation or any of
its successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any other person
and is not the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such
consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers or conveys all or substantially all
its properties and assets to any person, then, and in each such case, proper
provision shall be made so that the successors and assigns of the Surviving
Corporation assume the obligations set forth in this Section 5.04. In the event
that the Surviving Corporation is financially incapable of satisfying its
obligations under this Section 5.04, Compass shall satisfy such obligations.

                  (c)      For six years after the Effective Time, the Surviving
Corporation shall maintain in effect the Company's current directors' and
officers' liability insurance covering each person currently covered by the
Company's directors' and officers' liability insurance policy for acts or
omissions occurring prior to the Effective Time on terms with respect to such
coverage and in amounts no less favorable in any material respect to such
directors and officers than those of such policy as in effect on the date of
this Agreement; provided that (i) Compass may substitute therefor policies of a
reputable insurance company the material terms of which, including coverage and
amount, are no less favorable in any material respect to such directors and
officers than the insurance coverage otherwise required under this Section
5.04(c) and (ii) in no event shall Compass be required to pay aggregate premiums
for insurance under this Section 5.04(c) in excess of 200% of the amount of the
aggregate premiums paid by the Company for 2000 for such purpose which 2000
premiums are identified in Section 5.04(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule;
provided further that Compass shall nevertheless be obligated to provide such
coverage as may be obtained for such 200% amount.

                  (d)      The Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted
under applicable law and regardless of whether the Merger becomes effective,
indemnify and hold harmless, and, after the Effective Time, the Surviving
Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law,
indemnify and hold harmless, each Indemnified Party against all costs and
expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees), judgments, fines, losses,
claims, damages, liabilities and settlement amounts paid in connection with any
claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation (whether arising before or
after the Effective Time), whether civil, criminal, administrative or
investigative, arising out of or pertaining to any action or omission in their
capacity as a director or officer occurring before the Effective Time. In the
event of any such claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation (whether
arising before or after the Effective Time), (i) the Company or the Surviving
Corporation, as the case may be, shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses of
counsel selected by the Indemnified Parties, which counsel shall be reasonably
satisfactory to the Company or the Surviving Corporation, promptly after
statements therefor are received and (ii) the Company or the Surviving
Corporation, as the case may be, shall cooperate in the defense of any such
matter; provided, however, that neither the Company nor the Surviving
Corporation shall be liable for any settlement effected without its written
consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld); and provided further
that neither the Company nor the Surviving Corporation shall be obligated
pursuant to this Section 5.04(d) to pay the fees and expenses of more than one
counsel (and one local counsel) for all Indemnified Parties in any single action
except to the extent that two or more of such Indemnified Parties shall have
conflicting interests in the outcome of such action.


                                       37
<PAGE>   41

         Section 5.05.     FEES AND EXPENSES.

                  (a)      Except as set forth in Section 5.05(c), all fees and
expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement, the Offer, the Merger and
the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be paid by the party
incurring such fees or expenses, whether or not the Merger is consummated.

                  (b)      In the event that:

                           (i)      (A) first, a Takeover Proposal shall have
                  been publicly proposed or publicly announced or any person has
                  publicly announced an intention (whether or not conditional
                  and whether or not withdrawn) to make a Takeover Proposal,
                  thereafter (B) this Agreement is terminated by either Compass
                  or the Company pursuant to Section 7.01(b)(i) and (C) within
                  12 months after such termination, the Company or any of its
                  subsidiaries enters into any Acquisition Agreement with
                  respect to, or consummates, any Takeover Proposal; or

                           (ii)     this Agreement is terminated by Compass
                  pursuant to Section 7.01(c) or by the Company pursuant to
                  Section 7.01(f),

then the Company shall pay Compass a fee equal to $18,000,000 (the "Termination
Fee") by wire transfer of same day funds to an account designated by Compass in
the case of a payment as a result of any event referred to in Section 5.05(b)(i)
or Section 5.05(b)(ii), promptly, but in no event later than the date of such
termination. For purposes of Section 5.05(b), a "Takeover Proposal" shall have
the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.02(b), except that references to
"20%" in such definition shall be deemed to be references to "50%". The parties
acknowledge that the agreements contained in this Section 5.05(b) and in Section
5.05(c) are an integral part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
and that, without these agreements, the parties would not enter into this
Agreement; accordingly, if the Company fails to promptly pay the amounts due
pursuant to this Section 5.05(b) or Section 5.05(c) and, in order to obtain such
payment, Compass commences a suit that results in a judgment against the Company
for the amounts set forth in this Section 5.05(b) or Section 5.05(c), the
Company shall pay to Compass interest on the amounts set forth in this Section
5.05(b) or Section 5.05(c), at the prime rate of Bank of America, N.A. in effect
on the date such payment was required to be made.

                  (c)      In addition, the Company shall reimburse Compass and
Sub for all their actual and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in
connection with this Agreement, the Offer, the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement (i) in the event this Agreement is terminated in
the circumstances described in Section 5.05(b)(i), or (ii) in the event this
Agreement is terminated in the circumstances described in Section 5.05(b)(ii),
promptly, but in no event later than the date of such termination; provided,
that the aggregate amount of such reimbursement together with the Termination
Fee shall not exceed $21,000,000. All payments made pursuant to this Section
5.05(c) shall be made by wire transfer of same day funds to an account
designated by Compass.


                                       38
<PAGE>   42

         Section  5.06.    STOCK OPTIONS AND RESTRICTED STOCK.

                  (a)      Upon payment by Sub for shares of Common Stock
pursuant to the Offer, each holder of a Company Stock Option, whether or not
then exercisable, which is then outstanding shall be entitled to receive, in
cancellation and full settlement of the Company Stock Option, an amount equal to
the product of (x) the number of shares of Company Common Stock provided in the
Company Stock Option and (y) the excess, if any, of the price per share of
Company Common Stock paid pursuant to the Offer over the exercise price per
share of Company Common Stock provided for in the Company Stock Option (the
"Option Consideration"). As soon as practicable following payment by Sub for
shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Offer, but no later than the Effective
Time, the Company shall pay (or cause to be paid, as the case may be) the Option
Consideration in cash to each holder of a Company Stock Option to whom Option
Consideration is payable. The Company shall take such other actions available
under the Company Stock Plans to effect the cancellation of all Company Stock
Options. The Company agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain
consents from the holders of such Company Stock Options to their cancellation to
the extent Compass determines such consents to be advisable.

                  (b)      Notwithstanding any provision in any granting
agreement or other document to the contrary, all restrictions on shares of
restricted Company Common Stock granted under any of the Company Incentive Plans
shall lapse at the Specified Date, and the holder of such restricted Company
Common Stock shall be entitled to tender such shares in the Offer or receive for
each share of restricted Company Common Stock, in cancellation and full
settlement of such share, the Merger Consideration.

         Section 5.07.     BENEFITS MATTERS.

                  (a)      The Company will take all actions necessary and
appropriate to terminate (i) its Salary Deferral Plan, (ii) its 1996 Stock
Incentive Plan (including all management and executive stock programs under such
plan), and (iii) its 1996 Non-Executive Stock Incentive Plan (including all
management and executive stock programs under such plan), at the Specified Date.
Except for the Company's Salary Deferral Plan and except as otherwise provided
herein, from and after the Specified Date, the Surviving Corporation shall
continue to honor in accordance with their respective terms the Benefit Plans,
Pension Plans and all of the Company's other employee benefit, compensation,
employment, severance and termination agreements, plans and policies, including
any rights or benefits arising as a result of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement (either alone or in combination with any other event); it being
agreed and acknowledged by Compass that the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement constitute a "change of control" for all purposes under all such
agreements, plans and policies.

                  (b)      After the Effective Time, employees of the Company or
any of its subsidiaries immediately prior to the Effective Time (the "Company
Employees") shall be provided benefits which are substantially similar to those
provided by the Company before the Effective Time, other than any equity-based
benefits provided before the Effective Time which shall be replaced by
permitting Company Employees to participate in the Compass Group Stock Bonus
Program in effect in 2001, or another plan substantially similar thereto.
Further, for a period of ten (10) days after the date of this Agreement, Compass
and the Company shall cause


                                       39
<PAGE>   43

those offers of employment to each of Glenn A. Davenport, K. Wyatt Engwall, John
E. Fountain, Jerry D. Underhill, Gary L. Gaddy, Richard C. Roberson, Terry
Ransom, Eugene Doloff, and George T. Levins (which offers of employment were
made to such persons prior to the date of this Agreement, and which employment
is subject to an employment agreement between the Company and such persons) to
remain open for acceptance by such persons. The foregoing obligation of Compass
and the Company shall in no way constitute an ongoing obligation of Compass or
the Company following the expiration of such ten (10) day period, except to the
extent provided in such employment agreements, as executed by the parties
thereto.

                  (c)      Nothing contained in this Section 5.07 or elsewhere
in this Agreement shall be construed to prevent the termination of employment of
any individual Company Employee or, subject to the limitations of Section
5.07(a), (b), (c) and (d), any change in the employee benefits available to any
individual Company Employee or the amendment or termination of any particular
Benefit Plan, Pension Plan or other employee benefit plan, program, policy or
arrangement to the extent permitted by its terms as in effect immediately prior
to the Specified Date.

                  (d)      During the period from the date of this Agreement to
the Effective Time, the Company will permit no further discounted purchases of
Company Common Stock with director fees or deferred compensation for Company
Directors through the Company Incentive Plans or any deferred compensation plan
for Company Directors.

                  (e)      All change of control agreements between the Company
and any officer or director of the Company shall be terminated at or prior to
the Specified Date.

                  (f)      With respect solely to section 13 and section 14 of
those indemnification agreements by and between the Company and its officers and
directors (which sections 13 and 14 relate to the establishment of a trust and
the obtaining of the opinions of independent counsel), such provisions in the
above-referenced sections of such indemnification agreements shall be terminated
at or prior to the Effective Time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all other
provisions of such indemnification agreements shall remain in full force and
effect.

         Section 5.08.     PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS. Subject to applicable
securities and other laws, Compass and Sub, on the one hand, and the Company, on
the other hand, shall, to the extent reasonably practicable, consult with each
other before issuing, and give each other a reasonable opportunity to review and
comment upon, any press release or other public statements with respect to this
Agreement, the Offer, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. Subject to applicable securities and other laws, the parties agree
that the initial press release to be issued with respect to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement shall be in the form and at the time agreed to by
the parties.

         Section 5.09.     DIRECTORS.

                  (a)      Promptly upon the acceptance for payment of, and
payment by Sub for, any shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to the Offer,
Sub shall be entitled to designate such number of directors on the Board of
Directors of the Company as will give Sub, subject to compliance with Section
14(f) of the Exchange Act, representation on the Board of Directors of


                                       40
<PAGE>   44

the Company equal to that number of directors, rounded up to the next whole
number, which is the product of (a) the total number of directors on the Board
of Directors of the Company (giving effect to the directors elected pursuant to
this sentence) multiplied by (b) the percentage that (i) such number of shares
of Company Common Stock so accepted for payment and paid for by Sub bears to
(ii) the number of such shares outstanding, and the Company shall, at such time,
cause Sub's designees to be so elected; provided, however, that in the event
that Sub's designees are appointed or elected to the Board of Directors of the
Company, until the Effective Time, the Board of Directors of the Company shall
have at least a sufficient number of directors (as required by the rules of the
New York Stock Exchange, Inc. (the "NYSE")) who are Directors on the date of
this Agreement and who are not officers of the Company or representatives of any
affiliates of the Company (the "Independent Directors"); and provided further
that, in such event, if the number of Independent Directors shall be reduced
below the number required by the rules of the NYSE for any reason whatsoever,
any remaining Independent Directors (or Independent Director, if there shall be
only one remaining) shall be entitled to designate persons to fill such
vacancies who shall be deemed to be Independent Directors for purposes of this
Agreement or, if no Independent Directors then remain, the other directors shall
designate a sufficient number of persons to fill such vacancies who are not
officers, stockholders or affiliates of the Company, Compass or Sub, and such
persons shall be deemed to be Independent Directors for purposes of this
Agreement. Subject to applicable law, the Company shall take all action
requested by Compass necessary to effect any such election, including mailing to
its stockholders the Information Statement containing the information required
by Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act and Rule 14f-1 promulgated thereunder, and
the Company shall make such mailing with the mailing of the Schedule 14D-9
(provided that Sub shall have provided to the Company on a timely basis all
information required to be included in the Information Statement with respect to
Sub's designees). In connection with the foregoing, the Company shall promptly,
at the option of Sub, either increase the size of the Board of Directors of the
Company or obtain the resignation of such number of its current directors as is
necessary to enable Sub's designees to be elected or appointed to the Board of
Directors of the Company as provided above.

                  (b)      Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall cause
each member of its Board of Directors, other than Sub's designees, to execute
and deliver a letter effectuating his or her resignation as a director of such
Board of Directors effective immediately prior to the Effective Time.

                                   ARTICLE VI
                              CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

         Section 6.01.     CONDITIONS TO EACH PARTY'S OBLIGATION TO EFFECT THE
MERGER. The obligation of each party to effect the Merger is subject to the
satisfaction or waiver on or prior to the Closing Date of the following
conditions:

                  (a)      STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL. The Company Stockholder
Approval, if required by applicable law, shall have been obtained.

                  (b)      NO INJUNCTIONS OR LEGAL RESTRAINTS. No temporary
restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order or decree
issued by any court of competent jurisdiction or other legal restraint or
prohibition (collectively, "Legal


                                       41
<PAGE>   45

Restraints") that has the effect of preventing the consummation of the Merger
shall be in effect; provided, however, that each of the parties shall have used
commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the entry of any such injunction or
other order and to appeal as promptly as practicable any injunction or other
order that may be entered.

                  (c)      PURCHASE OF SHARES IN THE OFFER. Sub shall have
previously accepted for payment and paid for the shares of Company Common Stock
pursuant to the Offer.

                                  ARTICLE VII
                        TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

         Section 7.01.     TERMINATION.  This  Agreement  may be  terminated,
and the Offer and the Merger contemplated hereby may be abandoned, at any time
prior to the Effective Time, whether before or after the Company Stockholder
Approval has been obtained:

                  (a)      by mutual written consent of Compass, Sub and the
Company;

                  (b)      by either Compass or the Company:

                           (i)      if Sub shall not have accepted for payment
                  any shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to the Offer prior
                  to April 30, 2001; provided that the right to terminate this
                  Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.01(b)(i) shall not be
                  available to any party whose breach of this Agreement has been
                  a principal reason the Offer has not been consummated by such
                  date; or

                           (ii)     if any Governmental Entity shall have issued
                  an order, injunction or other decree or ruling or taken any
                  other action permanently enjoining, restraining or otherwise
                  prohibiting the acceptance for payment of, or payment for the
                  Company Common Stock pursuant to the Offer or the Merger and
                  such order, injunction, decree or ruling or other action shall
                  have become final and nonappealable.

                  (c)      by Compass if the Board of Directors of the Company
or any committee thereof shall have (i) withdrawn or modified the recommendation
of such Board of Directors of this Agreement, the Offer or the Merger or (ii)
failed to confirm its recommendation to the Company's stockholders that they
accept the Offer and give the Company Stockholder Approval within ten business
days after a written request by Compass that it do so if such request is made
following the making of a Takeover Proposal, provided that Compass may not make
more than one such request in respect of a Takeover Proposal unless such
proposal has been materially modified;

                  (d)      prior to the Specified Date by Compass (i) if the
Company shall have breached any of its representations, warranties or covenants
contained in this Agreement, which breach would give rise to the failure of a
condition set forth in paragraph (d) or (e) of Annex I which breach has not been
or is incapable of being cured by the Company within 10 business days after its
receipt of written notice thereof from Compass, or (ii) if any suit, action or
proceeding set forth in paragraph (a) of Annex I shall have prevailed and become
final and nonappealable;


                                       42
<PAGE>   46

                  (e)      prior to the Specified Date by the Company if any of
Compass's representations and warranties contained in this Agreement shall not
be true and correct, except for such failures to be true and correct that
(without giving effect to any limitation as to "materiality" set forth therein),
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a
Compass Material Adverse Effect, which failure has not been or is incapable of
being cured by Compass within 10 business days after its receipt of written
notice thereof from the Company; or

                  (f)      prior to the Specified Date by the Company in
accordance with Section 4.02(b) subject to compliance by the Company with the
notice provisions herein and payment of the Termination Fee and expense
reimbursement provisions of Section 5.05.

         Section 7.02.     EFFECT OF TERMINATION. In the event of termination of
this Agreement by either the Company or Compass as provided in Section 7.01,
this Agreement shall forthwith become void and have no effect, without any
liability or obligation on the part of Compass, Sub or the Company, other than
the provisions of Section 3.01(u), the last sentence of Section 5.02, Section
5.05, this Section 7.02 and Article VIII; provided that no such termination
shall relieve any party hereto from any liability or damages resulting from a
willful breach by a party of any of its representations, warranties or covenants
set forth in this Agreement.

         Section 7.03.     AMENDMENT. This Agreement may be amended by the
parties hereto at any time, whether before or after the Company Stockholder
Approval has been obtained; provided that, after the Specified Date, no
amendment shall be made which decreases the Merger Consideration and, after the
Company Stockholder Approval has been obtained, there shall be made no amendment
that by law requires further approval by stockholders or shareholders of the
parties without the further approval of such stockholders or shareholders. This
Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf
of each of the parties hereto. Following the election or appointment of Sub's
designees pursuant to Section 5.09 and prior to the Effective Time, the
affirmative vote of a majority of the Independent Directors then in office shall
be required by the Company to (i) amend or terminate this Agreement by the
Company, (ii) exercise or waive any of the Company's rights or remedies under
this Agreement or (iii) extend the time for performance of Compass and Sub's
respective obligations under this Agreement.

         Section 7.04.     EXTENSION; WAIVER. At any time prior to the Effective
Time, the parties may (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the
obligations or other acts of the other parties, (b) waive any inaccuracies in
the representations and warranties contained herein or in any document delivered
pursuant hereto or (c) waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions
contained herein; provided that after the Company Stockholder Approval has been
obtained, there shall be made no waiver that by law requires further approval by
stockholders or shareholders of the parties without the further approval of such
stockholders or shareholders. Any agreement on the part of a party to any such
extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing
signed on behalf of such party. The failure or delay by any party to this
Agreement to assert any of its rights otherwise shall not constitute a waiver of
such rights nor shall any single or partial exercise by any party to this
Agreement of any of its rights under this Agreement preclude any other or
further exercise of such rights or any other rights under this Agreement.


                                       43
<PAGE>   47

                                  ARTICLE VIII
                               GENERAL PROVISIONS

         Section 8.01.     NONSURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. None
of the representations and warranties in in any instrument delivered pursuant to
this Agreement shall survive the Effective Time. This Section 8.01 shall not
limit any covenant or agreement of the parties which by its terms contemplates
performance after the Effective Time.

         Section 8.02.     NOTICES. All notices, requests, claims, demands and
other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if
delivered personally or sent by overnight courier (providing proof of delivery)
to the parties at the following addresses (or at such other address for a party
as shall be specified by like notice):

         if to Compass or Sub, to:

         Compass Group PLC
         c/o Compass Group USA, Inc.
         2400 Yorkmont Road
         Charlotte, North Carolina 28217
         Attention: General Counsel

         with a copy to:

         Smith Helms Mulliss & Moore, L.L.P.
         201 North Tryon Street
         Charlotte, North Carolina 28202
         Attention:  Boyd C. Campbell, Jr.

         if to the Company, to:

         Morrison Management Specialists, Inc.
         1955 Lake Park Drive, Suite 400
         Smyrna, Georgia 30080
         Attention:  Glenn A. Davenport

         with a copy to:

         Powell, Goldstein, Frazer & Murphy LLP
         191 Peachtree Street NE, 16th Floor
         Atlanta, Georgia 30303
         Attention:        Thomas R. McNeill and
                           Gabriel Dumitrescu


                                       44
<PAGE>   48

         Section 8.03.     DEFINITIONS.  For purposes of this Agreement:

                  (a)      an "Affiliate" of any person means another person
that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is
controlled by, or is under common control with, such first person;

                  (b)      "Knowledge" means, with respect to the Company, the
actual knowledge of Glenn A. Davenport, K. Wyatt Engwall, and John E. Fountain.

                  (c)      "Material Adverse Effect" means any state of facts,
change, development, effect, event, condition or occurrence that is materially
adverse to the business, assets, financial condition or results of operations of
the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, other than adverse changes
resulting from (i) general national, international or regional economic,
financial or market conditions, (ii) conditions, circumstances or changes
affecting the foodservice industry in general and not the Company specifically,
or (iii) the announcement or pendency of this Agreement or the Transactions
(including if resulting therefrom, employee attrition or modification of terms
of contracts with clients or suppliers, or delay in securing or loss of
potential contracts or other business);

                  (d)      "Person" means an individual, corporation,
partnership, joint venture, association, trust, limited liability company,
Governmental Entity, unincorporated organization or other entity;

                  (e)      "Compass Material Adverse Effect" means any state of
facts, change, development, effect, event, condition or occurrence that is
materially adverse to the business, assets, financial condition or results of
operations of Compass and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, other than (i)
general national, international or regional economic, financial or market
conditions, (ii) adverse changes resulting from conditions, circumstances or
changes affecting the foodservice industry in general and not Compass
specifically, or (iii) with respect to Section 3.02(d), that prevents or
materially impedes or delays the consummation of the Offer, the Merger or the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

         Section 8.04.     INTERPRETATION. When a reference is made in this
Agreement to a Section, Subsection or Schedule, such reference shall be to a
Section or Subsection of, or a Schedule to, this Agreement unless otherwise
indicated. The table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are
for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words "include", "includes" or
"including" are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by
the words "without limitation". The words "hereof", "herein" and "hereunder" and
words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this
Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The
term "or" is not exclusive. The definitions contained in this Agreement are
applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms. Any
agreement or instrument defined or referred to herein or in any agreement or
instrument that is referred to herein means such agreement or instrument as from
time to time amended, modified or supplemented. References to a person are also
to its permitted successors and assigns.


                                       45
<PAGE>   49

         Section 8.05.     COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in one
or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same
agreement and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been
signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other parties.

         Section 8.06.     ENTIRE AGREEMENT; NO THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES. This
Agreement (a) constitutes the entire agreement, and supersedes all prior
agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with
respect to the subject matter of this Agreement, other than the Confidentiality
Agreement and (b) except for the provisions of Section 5.04 and Section 5.06, is
not intended to confer upon any person other than the parties hereto (and their
respective successors and assigns) any rights or remedies.

         Section 8.07.     GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by,
and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Georgia, regardless
of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts
of laws thereof.

         Section 8.08.     ASSIGNMENT. Neither this Agreement nor any of the
rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned, in whole or in
part, except by operation of law, by any of the parties hereto without the prior
written consent of the other parties hereto, except that Sub may assign, in its
sole discretion, any of or all its rights, interests and obligations under this
Agreement to Compass or to any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of
Compass, but no such assignment shall relieve Sub of any of its obligations
hereunder. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding
upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by, the parties hereto and
their respective successors and assigns.

         Section 8.09.     ENFORCEMENT. The parties agree that irreparable
damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement
were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise
breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties may be entitled to an
injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement.

         Section 8.10.     SEVERABILITY. If any term or other provision of this
Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law
or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall
nevertheless remain in full force and effect. Upon such determination that any
term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the
parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to
effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law in an acceptable manner to the end that the
transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible.


                                       46
<PAGE>   50

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Compass, Sub and the Company have caused this
Agreement to be signed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized,
all as of the date first written above.

                                      COMPASS GROUP PLC


                                      By:      /s/ Thomas G. Ondrof
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                      Name:    Thomas G. Ondrof
                                      Title:   Authorized Agent

                                      YORKMONT ONE, INC.


                                      By:      /s/ Thomas G. Ondrof
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                      Name:    Thomas G. Ondrof
                                      Title:   Chief Financial Officer

                                      MORRISON MANAGEMENT SPECIALISTS,
                                      INC.

                                      By:      /s/ Glenn A. Davenport
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                      Name:    Glenn A. Davenport
                                      Title:   Chief Executive Officer


                                       47
<PAGE>   51


                                     ANNEX I

                             CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER

         1.       Notwithstanding any other term of the Offer or the Agreement
and Plan of Merger (the "Agreement") of which this Annex I is an integral part,
Sub shall not be required to accept for payment or, subject to any applicable
rules and regulations of the SEC, including Rule 14e-l(c) under the Exchange Act
(relating to Sub's obligation to pay for or return tendered shares of Company
Common Stock promptly after the termination or withdrawal of the Offer), to pay
for any shares of Company Common Stock tendered pursuant to the Offer unless:

                  (a)      there shall have been validly tendered and not
         withdrawn prior to the expiration of the Offer that number of shares of
         Company Common Stock which, together with any shares of Company Common
         Stock determined on a fully diluted basis for all beneficially owned by
         Compass, Sub, or any of their affiliates, would represent a majority of
         the issued and outstanding Company Common Stock determined on a fully
         diluted basis on the date of purchase (the "Minimum Tender Condition");

                  (b)      any requisite waiting period under the HSR Act (and
         any extensions thereof) applicable to the purchase of shares of Company
         Common Stock pursuant to the Offer and to the Merger shall have been
         terminated or shall have expired without the imposition of any
         conditions or restrictions which in the judgment of either party would
         adversely impact the economic or business benefits of the transactions
         contemplated by the Agreement.

         2.       Furthermore, notwithstanding any other term of the Offer or
the Agreement, Sub shall not be required to accept for payment or, subject as
aforesaid, to pay for any shares of Company Common Stock not theretofore
accepted for payment or paid for, and, subject to the Agreement, may terminate
or amend the Offer, if, immediately prior to the applicable expiration of the
Offer, any of the following conditions exists:

                  (a)      there shall be pending or formally threatened any
         suit, action or proceeding by any Governmental Entity, (i) challenging
         the acquisition by Compass or Sub of any shares of Company Common
         Stock, seeking to restrain or prohibit consummation of the Offer or the
         Merger, or seeking to place limitations on the ownership of shares of
         Company Common Stock (or shares of common stock of the Surviving
         Corporation) by Compass or Sub, (ii) seeking to prohibit or limit the
         ownership or operation by the Company or Compass and their respective
         subsidiaries of the business or assets of the Company or Compass and
         their respective subsidiaries, or to compel the Company or Compass and
         their respective subsidiaries to dispose of or hold separate any
         material portion of the United States based business or assets of the
         Company or Compass and their respective subsidiaries, as a result of
         the Offer, the Merger, the Transactions or any of the other
         transactions contemplated by the Agreement, (iii) seeking to prohibit
         Compass or any of its subsidiaries from effectively controlling in any
         material respect the business or operations of the Company, or (iv)
         which otherwise is reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse
         Effect; in each of (i) through (iv) above, subject to the obligations
         set forth in Section 5.03 of the Agreement;


<PAGE>   52

                  (b)      any Legal Restraint which may result in the filing of
         any injunction or other order that has the effect of preventing the
         purchase of shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to the Offer or the
         Merger shall be in effect; provided, however, that each of the parties
         shall have used commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the entry of
         any such injunction or other order and to appeal as promptly as
         practicable any injunction or other order that may be entered;

                  (c)      except as set forth in the Company Disclosure
         Schedule or in the Filed SEC Documents, since the date of the
         Agreement, there shall have been any state of facts, change,
         development, effect, event, condition or occurrence that, individually
         or in the aggregate, constitutes or would reasonably be expected to
         have, a Material Adverse Effect;

                  (d)      (i) the representation and warranty of the Company
         contained in the first five sentences of Section 3.01(c) of the
         Agreement shall not be true and correct in all material respects, (ii)
         the representations and warranties of the Company contained in the
         Agreement that are qualified by reference to Material Adverse Effect
         shall not be true and correct, or (iii) the other representations and
         warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement shall not be true
         and correct, except for such failures to be true and correct that,
         individually and in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to
         have a Material Adverse Effect;

                  (e)      the Company shall have failed to perform in any
         material respect any material obligation required to be performed
         by it under the Agreement at or prior to the Specified Date;

                  (f)      the sum of the Company's indebtedness for money
         borrowed (including obligations under capital leases) exceeds
         $70,000,000;

                  (g)      the Agreement shall have been terminated in
         accordance with its terms;

which, in the reasonable judgment of Sub or Compass, in any such case, and
regardless of the circumstances giving rise to any such condition (including any
action or inaction by Compass, Sub, or any of their affiliates other than any
action or inaction constituting a breach of the Agreement), makes it inadvisable
to proceed with such acceptance for payment or payment.

         The foregoing conditions are for the sole benefit of Sub and Compass
and may be asserted by Sub or Compass regardless of the circumstances giving
rise to such condition or may be waived by Sub and Compass in whole or in part
at any time and from time to time in their reasonable discretion. The failure by
Compass, Sub or any other affiliate of Compass at any time to exercise any of
the foregoing rights shall not be deemed a waiver of any such right; the waiver
of any such right with respect to particular facts and circumstances shall not
be deemed a waiver with respect to any other facts and circumstances and each
such right shall be deemed an ongoing right that may be asserted at any time and
from time to time. The terms in this Annex I that are defined in the Agreement
have the meanings set forth therein.


                                       2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
