 MERGER AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JUNE 9,2000   
1   Exhibit 2.1      MERGER AGREEMENT   AMONG   SHPS, INC.  
SYKES ENTERPRISES, INCORPORATED,   SLUGGER ACQUISITION, CORP.   and  
WELSH CARSON ANDERSON and STOWE VIII, L.P.      JUNE 9, 2000     
2   MERGER AGREEMENT    This MERGER AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is
entered into as of June 9, 2000 among WELSH, CARSON, ANDERSON and STOWE VIII,
L.P., a Delaware limited partnership ("WCAS VIII"), SLUGGER ACQUISITION CORP,
a Delaware corporation ("NewCo"), SYKES ENTERPRISES, INCORPORATED, a Florida
corporation ("Parent"), and SHPS, INC., a Florida corporation and a wholly-
owned subsidiary of Parent (the "Company"). WCAS VIII, NewCo, Parent, and the
Company are referred to collectively in this Agreement as the "Parties."  
RECITALS   WHEREAS, the respective Boards of Directors of NewCo, Parent, and
the Company and the general partners of WCAS VIII have determined that it
is advisable and in the best interests of each of NewCo and the Company and
the shareholders of the Parent that NewCo be merged with and into the Company
(the "Merger"), with the Company as the surviving corporation (the
"Surviving Corporation"), in accordance with the terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement;   WHEREAS, it is the intention of the Parties that
the Merger be accounted for as a recapitalization transaction and, in
accordance with such, it is the intention of the Parties that, immediately
after the consummation of the Merger, approximately 90.6% of the outstanding
shares of Surviving Corporation Common Stock (as defined in Section 1.f) be
owned by WCAS VIII and certain other investors listed on Schedule I hereto
(WCAS VIII and such investors being collectively referred to as the
"Investors") and approximately 9.4% of the Surviving Corporation Common Stock
be owned by Parent and certain management stockholders, all in accordance
with Schedule I hereto, under the headings "Company Preferred Stock" and
"Company Common Stock", as the case may be;   WHEREAS, certain affiliates
of WCAS VIII are forming a new investment partnership to be named Welsh,
Carson, Anderson and Stowe IX, L.P. ("WCAS IX");   WHEREAS, if WCAS IX is
formed and funded by the Closing Date, WCAS VIII and the other Investors may
assign all or part of their rights and obligations under this Agreement to
WCAS IX and certain other investors related to WCAS IX, respectively, in
which case WCAS IX and such other investors will execute an addendum to this
Agreement and become Parties.   WHEREAS, if WCAS IX is not formed by the
Closing Date, the Parties desire that the Closing occur with WCAS VIII and
the other Investors as contemplated by this Agreement;   WHEREAS, WCAS VIII
and Parent desire to make certain representations, warranties, covenants and
agreements in connection with the Mergers and also to prescribe various
conditions to the Mergers; and   WHEREAS, a glossary of defined terms
appears in 9.   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the representations,
warranties, and covenants contained in this Agreement, the Parties agree as
follows.  1. THE MERGER   a. The Merger; Filing and Effective Time of the
Merger. Upon the  terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement and
in  accordance with the Florida Business Corporation Act (the  "Florida
BCA") and the Delaware General Corporation Law      -2-  3   ("DGCL"),
at the Effective Time of the Merger (as defined  below), NewCo shall be
merged with and into the Company. As a  result of the Merger, the separate
corporate existence of  NewCo shall cease and the Company shall be the
surviving  corporation in the Merger. The parties hereto shall cause the 
Merger to be consummated as soon as practicable on the  Closing Date (as
defined in Section b) by filing (i) Articles  of Merger (the "Articles of
Merger") with the Secretary of  State of the State of Florida in such form as
required by and  executed in accordance with the relevant provisions of the 
Florida BCA and (ii) a certificate of merger (the  "Certificate of Merger")
with the Secretary of State of the  State of Delaware in such form as
required by and executed in  accordance with the relevant provisions of the
DGCL (the date  and time of the filing of the Articles of Merger with the 
Secretary of State of the State of Florida and a Certificate  of Merger with
the Secretary of State of the State of  Delaware (or such later time as is
agreed to by the parties  hereto and set forth therein) being the "Effective
Time of  the Merger").   b. Closing. Unless this Agreement shall have been
terminated and  the transactions herein contemplated shall have been 
abandoned pursuant to 7 and subject to the satisfaction or  waiver of the
conditions set forth in 6, the closing of the  Merger (the "Closing") shall
take place at the offices of  Foley and Lardner in Tampa, Florida, commencing
at 9:00 a.m.  local time on (i) June 28, 2000, or (ii) if all of the 
conditions to the obligations of the Parties to consummate  the transactions
contemplated hereby have not been satisfied  or waived by such date, as soon
as practicable (and in any  event no later than one business day) after
satisfaction or  waiver of the conditions (excluding the delivery of any 
documents to be delivered at the Closing) set forth in 6 (the  "Closing
Date"), unless another date or place is agreed to in  writing by the Parties.
If WCAS IX is formed and funded  before June 28, 2000, the Parties will use
their reasonable  best efforts to complete the Closing, subject to the 
satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in 6,  promptly on the
date that WCAS IX is funded.    c. Effects of the Merger. The Merger shall
have the effects set  forth in the applicable provisions of the Florida BCA
and the  DGCL.   d. Actions at the Closing. At the Closing, (a) the Company
shall  deliver to NewCo the various certificates, instruments, and 
documents referred to in Section 6.a, (b) WCAS VIII and NewCo  shall deliver
to the Company the various certificates,  instruments and documents referred
to in Section 6.b, (c)  WCAS VIII shall cause NewCo to deliver to Parent via
wire  transfer of immediately available funds the Intercompany Debt 
Payment, (d) the Company and NewCo shall file the Articles of  Merger with
the Secretary of State of the State of Florida  and the Certificate of Merger
with the Secretary of State of  the State of Delaware, and (e) WCAS VIII
shall cause the  Surviving Corporation to pay the Merger Consideration to 
holders of Shares in accordance with Section f.   e. Additional Action. The
Surviving Corporation may, at any time  after the Effective Time of the
Merger, take any action,  including executing and delivering any document, in
the name  and on behalf of either the Company or NewCo, in order to 
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   f. Conversion
of Securities. At the Effective Time of the  Merger, by virtue of the Merger
and without any action on the  part of any Party or the holder of any of the
shares  described in Sections f1.f.i, 1.f.iii, or 1.f.iv:   i. Each share
of common stock of the Company, $.01 par  value per share ("Company Common
Stock" or the  "Shares") issued and outstanding      -3-  4  
immediately prior to the Effective Time of the Merger (other  than shares
held in treasury) shall be converted into and  represent the right to receive
(collectively, the "Merger  Consideration") (i) an amount in cash equal to
(A) the Cash  Consideration, determined as provided in Section fv below, 
less the amount of cash paid to the holders of Options (as  defined in
Section k(a)) pursuant to the proviso contained in  this Section 1.6(a),
divided by (B) 10,000,000 shares, plus  (ii) a number of shares of common
stock, $.01 par value per  share, of the Surviving Corporation ("Surviving
Corporation  Common Stock") equal to an amount determined by dividing the 
amount that is 726,616 shares of Surviving Corporation Common  Stock to be
issued and outstanding immediately after the  Effective Time of the Merger by
10,000,000 Shares; provided,  however, that in lieu of the Merger
Consideration to any  holder of Company Common Stock received in connection
with  the cashless exercise of an Option (pursuant to Section  1.11(a)),
such holder shall be entitled to receive in respect  of each share of
Surviving Corporation Common Stock an amount  equal to the Option
Consideration Per Share (as defined in  Section k(b) hereto).   ii. The
Merger Consideration shall be paid to holders of  Shares in accordance with
Section g.   iii. Each Share held in the Company\'s treasury  immediately
prior to the Effective Time of the  Merger shall be cancelled and retired
without  payment of any consideration therefor.   iv. Each share of common
stock, $.01 par value per  share, of NewCo issued and outstanding
immediately  prior to the Effective Time of the Merger shall be  converted
into and thereafter evidence one share of  common stock, $.01 par value per
share, of the  Surviving Corporation.   v. The "Cash Consideration" will be
equal to  $165,458,650 less the amount of the Intercompany  Debt Payment and
the Capital Lease Payment.   g. Exchange of Shares. On the Closing Date, the
Surviving  Corporation shall deliver to the holders of certificates  that,
immediately prior to the Effective Time of the Merger,  represented issued
and outstanding Shares (other than Shares  received upon exercise of an
Option) ("Certificates"), his,  her, or its pro rata portion (equal to the
number of Shares  represented by a holder\'s Certificates divided by
10,000,000  Shares) of the Merger Consideration in immediately available 
funds.   h. Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws.   i. The Articles of
Incorporation of the Surviving  Corporation immediately following the
Effective Time  of the Merger, a copy of which are attached as  Exhibit A
hereto, shall be the same as the Articles  of Incorporation of NewCo
immediately prior to the  Effective Time of the Merger, except that the
name  of NewCo shall be changed to the name of the  Company.   ii. The
Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation immediately  following the Effective Time
of the Merger shall be  the same as the Bylaws of NewCo immediately prior
to  the Effective Time of the Merger, except that the  name of NewCo shall
be changed to the name of the  Company.      -4-  5   iii. The
directors of NewCo and the officers of the  Company immediately prior to the
Effective Time of  the Merger shall, from and after the Effective Time  of
the Merger, be the initial directors and officers  of the Surviving
Corporation until their successors  have been duly elected or appointed and
qualified,  or until their earlier death, resignation or removal  in
accordance with the Surviving Corporation\'s  Certificate of incorporation
and Bylaws.   i. No Further Rights. From and after the Effective Time of
the  Merger, no Shares shall be deemed to be outstanding, and  holders of
certificates formerly representing Shares shall  cease to have any rights
with respect thereto except as  provided herein or by law.   j. Closing of
Transfer Books. At the Effective Time of the  Merger, the stock transfer
books of the Company shall be  closed and no transfer of Shares shall
thereafter be made.  If, after the Effective Time of the Merger,
certificates  formerly representing Shares are presented to the Surviving 
Corporation, they shall be cancelled and exchanged for the  Merger
Consideration in accordance with Section g.   k. Stock Options.   i. A
schedule of the holders of all outstanding options  to purchase Shares
(collectively, "Options") are set  forth on Section 2.b of the Disclosure
Schedule. The  vesting of the Options will be accelerated in  accordance
with their terms as a result of the  achievement of the performance
objectives for the  Options. As soon as practicable following the date  of
this Agreement, the Company shall use its  reasonable best efforts to take
such actions (which  shall include attempting to obtain the consents, if 
required, of the holders of Options, but not  including the requirement to
pay any money to the  holders of Options) as may be required to effect the 
exercise prior to the Effective Time of the Merger  of all Options in
exchange for that number of Shares  equal to, in the case of each such
Option, (A) the  product of (1) the excess, if any, of the Option 
Consideration Per Share over the exercise price per  share of such Option and
(2) the number of Shares  subject to such Option, (B) divided by the Option 
Consideration Per Share.   ii. The "Option Consideration Per Share" will be
equal  to (A) $170,000,000 less the amount of the  Intercompany Debt Payment
and the Capital Lease  Payment, divided by (ii) the Fully Diluted 
Outstanding Shares   iii. The Company shall use its reasonable best
efforts  (which shall include attempting to obtain the  consents, if
required, of the holders of Options,  but not including the requirement to
pay any money  to the holders of Options) to ensure that all  Options not
exercised prior to the Effective Time  are cancelled or forfeited and that no
Options  remain outstanding at Closing.   iv. Upon the exercise of any
Option, the Company shall  withhold any Taxes required to be withheld by it 
upon such exercise.   l. Appointment of Parent as Stockholder
Representative.   i. In the event the Merger is approved by the 
stockholders of the Company, effective upon such  vote, and without further
action of any stockholder,  Parent shall be appointed as the stockholder 
representative of the Company\'s stockholders. Parent  shall have the
authority, for and on behalf of the  stockholders of the Company (except for
such  stockholders, if any, who have      -5-  6   perfected their
appraisal rights under the Florida  BCA), to take such actions and exercise
such  discretion as are required of Parent pursuant to the  terms of this
Agreement and any related document or  instrument (and any such actions shall
be binding on  each holder of Shares) including without limitation  the
following:   (1) to receive, hold, and deliver to NewCo the  Certificates
and any other documents  relating thereto on behalf of stockholders;   (2)
to give and receive communications and  notices, to execute, acknowledge,
deliver,  record, and file all ancillary agreements,  certificates, and
documents that Parent  deems necessary or appropriate in  connection with
the consummation of the  transactions contemplated by this  Agreement;  
(3) to negotiate, agree to, enter into  settlements, and compromises of, and
demand  participation and arbitration and comply  with orders and awards of
courts and  arbitrators with respect to claims for  Damages and
otherwise;   (4) to receive payments due under this  Agreement and
acknowledge receipt for such  payments;   (5) to waive any breach or
default under the  Agreement or to waive any condition  precedent to Closing
under 6 hereof;   (6) to amend this Agreement or any related  document or
instrument;   (7) to terminate this Agreement or any related  document or
instrument;   (8) to receive service of process in connection  with any
claims under this Agreement or any  related document or instrument;   (9)
to perform the obligations and exercise the  rights under this Agreement and
any related  document or instrument, including the  settlement of claims and
disputes with  NewCo; and   (10) to take all actions necessary or 
appropriate in the judgment of Parent to  accomplish the foregoing.   ii.
Parent shall not be liable for any act done or  omitted as stockholder
representative unless  Parent\'s action or inaction constitutes willful 
misconduct or gross negligence. A decision, act,  consent, or instruction of
the Parent shall  constitute a decision for all of the stockholders 
hereunder and shall be final, binding, and  conclusive upon each of such
stockholders, and NewCo  and the Surviving Corporation may rely upon any
such  decision, act, consent, or instruction of Parent as  being the
decision, act, consent, or instruction of  such stockholder of the
Company.      -6-  7  2. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES REGARDING THE
COMPANY   Parent makes the representations and warranties set forth below
to WCAS VIII and NewCo, except as set forth in the disclosure schedule
provided by Parent to NewCo on the date hereof (the "Disclosure Schedule"),
each of which is true and correct on the date hereof and shall be true and
correct on the Closing Date. The Disclosure Schedule shall be arranged in
paragraphs corresponding to the numbered and lettered paragraphs contained in
this 2.   a. Organization, Qualification and Corporate Power. The Company 
is a corporation validly existing and in good standing under  the laws of the
State of Florida. The Company is duly  qualified to conduct business under
the laws of each  jurisdiction in which the nature of its business requires 
such qualification, except where the failure to be so  qualified would not be
reasonably expected to have a Company  Material Adverse Effect. The Company
has all requisite  corporate power and authority to carry on the businesses
in  which it is engaged and to own and use the properties owned  and used by
it, except for the failure to hold third-party  administrator licenses,
utilization review licenses, and  other similar licenses with respect to the
businesses of the  Company and the Subsidiaries (as defined below) where
such  failure would not reasonably be expected to have a Company  Material
Adverse Effect.   b. Capitalization. The authorized capital stock of the
Company  consists of 100,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock, of  which
10,000,000 shares are outstanding as of the date  hereof, and 15,000,000
shares of preferred stock, par value  $0.01 per share, of which no shares are
outstanding as of the  date hereof. Section b of the Disclosure Schedule sets
forth  a list of (i) all stockholders of the Company as of the date  of this
Agreement, indicating the number and class of shares  held by each
stockholder and (ii) all holders of Options. All  of the issued and
outstanding shares of capital stock of the  Company are duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid, and  nonassessable. There are no outstanding or
authorized  options, warrants, rights, convertible securities, agreements 
or commitments to which the Company is a party or which are  binding upon the
Company providing for the issuance,  disposition or acquisition of any of its
capital stock, other  than the Options listed in Section b of the
Disclosure  Schedule.   c. Authorization of Transaction. The Company has
all requisite  power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement
and  to perform its obligations hereunder. The execution and  delivery by
the Company of this Agreement and the  consummation by it of the transactions
contemplated hereby  have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary 
corporate and stockholder action on the part of the Company.  This Agreement
has been duly and validly executed and  delivered by the Company, and
constitutes a valid and binding  obligation of the Company, enforceable
against it in  accordance with its terms, except as the validity, 
enforceability and binding effect may be limited by  bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium, or other  laws affecting creditors\' rights
generally and by general  equitable principles.   d. Noncontravention.
Subject to compliance with the applicable  requirements of the Hart-Scott-
Rodino Antitrust Improvements  Act of 1976, as amended (the "Hart-Scott-
Rodino Act"), the  filing of the Articles of Merger as required by the
Florida  BCA, and the filing of the Certificate of Merger as required  by
the DGCL, except as set forth in Section d of the  Disclosure Schedule,
neither the execution and delivery by  the Company of this Agreement, nor the
consummation by the  Company of the transactions contemplated hereby, will
(a)  conflict with or violate any provision of the Articles of     
-7-  8   Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company, (b) require, on the  part
of the Company or any Subsidiary, any filing with, or any  permit,
authorization, consent, waiver or approval of, any  court, tribunal,
administrative agency, or commission or other  governmental or regulatory
authority or agency (a  "Governmental Entity") other than filings with
Governmental  Entities that are required to be made after the Closing as a 
result of the Mergers with respect to third-party  administrator licenses,
utilization review licenses, and other  similar licenses held by the Company
or a Subsidiary, (c)  subject to obtaining the consents set forth in Section
d of  the Disclosure Schedule and those contemplated by Section  d(b),
conflict with, result in a breach of, constitute a  default under, result in
the acceleration of obligations  under, or create in any party the right to
terminate any  contract or instrument to which the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries are bound or to which any of their assets are  subject, or (d)
to the Knowledge of Parent, violate any order,  writ, injunction, decree,
statute, rule, or regulation  applicable to the Company or any
Subsidiary.   e. Subsidiaries.   i. Except as set forth in Section ei of
the Disclosure  Schedule, the Company does not own any capital stock  or
other equity interest in any entity. Section ei  of the Disclosure Schedule
sets forth: (i) the name  of each corporation, partnership, joint venture
or  other entity in which the Company holds an equity  interest representing
50% or more of the capital  stock or other equity interests thereof 
(individually, a "Subsidiary" and, collectively, the  "Subsidiaries"); (ii)
the number and type of  outstanding equity securities of each Subsidiary
and  a list of the holders thereof, and (iii) the  jurisdiction of
organization of each Subsidiary. The  Company owns the equity securities of
the  Subsidiaries as set forth on Section ei of the  Disclosure Schedule
free and clear of any liens,  pledges, claims, or encumbrances.   ii. Each
Subsidiary is a corporation validly existing  and in corporate good standing
under the laws of the  jurisdiction of its incorporation. Each Subsidiary 
is duly qualified to conduct business and is in  corporate good standing
under the laws of each  jurisdiction in which the nature of its businesses 
or the ownership or leasing of its properties  requires such qualification,
except where the  failure to be so qualified or in good standing would  not
reasonably be expected to have a Company  Material Adverse Effect. Each
Subsidiary has all  requisite corporate power and authority to carry on  the
businesses in which it is engaged and to own and  use the properties owned
and used by it, except for  the failure to hold third-party administrator 
licenses, utilization review licenses, and other  similar licenses with
respect to the business of the  Subsidiaries where such failure would not
reasonably  be expected to have a Company Material Adverse  Effect. There
are no outstanding or authorized  options, warrants, rights, agreements,
convertible  securities or commitments to which the Company or  any
Subsidiary is a party or which are binding on  any of them providing for the
issuance, disposition  or acquisition of any capital stock or other equity 
interests of any Subsidiary.   f. Financial Statements. Included in Section
f of the Disclosure  Schedule are (a) the audited consolidated balance sheets
of  the Company as of December 31, 1999 and statements of income,  changes
in stockholders\' equity and cash flows of the Company  for the year then
ended; and (b) the unaudited consolidated  balance sheet (the "Most Recent
Balance Sheet") and  statements of income, changes in stockholders\' equity
and  cash flows as of and for the three months ended as of March  31, 2000
(the "Most Recent Balance Sheet Date"). Such  financial statements
(collectively, the "Financial      -8-  9   Statements") have been
prepared in accordance with GAAP  (except, in the case of unaudited
statements, for the absence  of footnote disclosure) applied on a consistent
basis  throughout the periods covered thereby, fairly present in all 
material respects the consolidated financial condition,  results of
operations and cash flows of the Company and the  Subsidiaries as of the
dates and for the years and periods  indicated; provided, however, that the
Financial Statements  referred to in clause (b) above are subject to normal 
recurring year-end adjustments.   g. Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities.
Except as and to the  extent (i) reflected in the Financial Statements,
(ii)  incurred since the Most Recent Balance Sheet Date in the  ordinary
course of business and consistent with past  practice, or (iii) set forth in
Section g of the Disclosure  Schedule, and excluding Taxes, Tax Returns, and
other matters  covered in Section k (it being understood that this
exception  for Taxes, Tax Returns, and other matters covered in Section  k
is not intended to detract from any representation made in  Section k), the
Company has no liabilities or obligations of  any kind or nature, whether
known or unknown or secured or  unsecured, whether absolute, accrued,
contingent or  otherwise, and whether due or to become due, which either 
individually or in the aggregate are material.   h. Accounts Receivable. The
accounts receivable of the Company  and its Subsidiaries as set forth on the
Most Recent Balance  Sheet or arising since the date thereof have arisen
solely  out of bona fide sales and deliveries of goods, performance  of
services, and other business transactions in the ordinary  course of
business; and, to the Knowledge of Parent, are not  subject to valid
defenses, set-offs or counterclaims.   i. Absence of Certain Changes. Except
as set forth in Section i  of the Disclosure Schedule, since the Most Recent
Balance  Sheet Date, to the Knowledge of Parent, (a) there has not  occurred
any material adverse change in the assets,  liabilities, financial condition,
or results of operations of  the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, and (b)  neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has taken any of the 
actions set forth in Section 5.c.   j. Customers and Suppliers. Set forth in
Section j of the  Disclosure Schedule is a list of the top ten customers by 
revenue of each of the Company, SHSB, Inc. and HI/Cost  Management Systems
for 1999.   k. Taxes. For purposes of this Section k, all representations 
and warranties with respect to (i) Sykes HealthPlan Service  Bureau, Inc. are
limited to the period beginning on March 31,  1998 (which is the date such
Subsidiary was acquired by the  Company) and ending on the Closing Date and
(ii) OMS, Inc.  are limited to the period beginning from December 31, 1997 
(which is the date such Subsidiary was acquired by the  Company) through the
Closing Date. No representation or  warranty is made in this Section k or any
other section of  this Agreement with respect to Taxes or Tax Returns of
any  Subsidiary or any Tax Group of which any of them is or was a  member or
with respect to any other matter covered by this  Section k, except as such
Taxes, Tax Returns, or other  matters concern the dates set forth above.
Subject to the  limitations in this section and except as set forth on 
Section k of the Disclosure Schedule:   i. The Company and each Subsidiary
has duly and timely  filed or caused to be filed all federal, state,  local
and foreign income, franchise, excise,  payroll, sales and use, property,
withholding and  other tax returns, reports, estimates and  information and
other statements or returns  (collectively, "Tax Returns") required to be
filed  by or on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, as  the case may
be, and the Company and each Subsidiary  and any affiliated,      
-9-  10   consolidated, combined or unitary group of which any  of them is
or was a member (a "Tax Group\') have duly  and timely filed or caused to be
filed all Tax  Returns required to be filed by or on behalf of the  Company
or any Subsidiary as the case may be,  pursuant to any applicable federal,
state, local or  foreign tax laws for all years and periods for which  such
Tax Returns have become due, and (ii) all such  Tax Returns were correct in
all material respects as  filed.   ii. For purposes of this Agreement,
"Tax" and "Taxes"  shall mean (i) any net income, alternative or add-on 
minimum tax, gross income, gross receipts, sales,  use, ad valorem, value
added, transfer, gains,  franchise, profits, license, withholding on
amounts  paid or received, payroll, employment, excise,  severance, stamp,
occupation, premium, property,  environmental or windfall profit taxes,
custom  duties or other taxes, governmental fees or other  like assessments
or charges of any kind whatsoever,  together with any interest or any
penalty, addition  to tax or additional amount imposed by any  governmental
authority responsible for the  imposition of any such taxes (domestic or
foreign)  and (ii) liability of the Company or any Subsidiary  for the
payment of any amounts of the type described  in (i) as a result of being a
member of a Tax Group  for federal, state, local or foreign Tax purposes, 
or being a party to any agreement or arrangement  whereby liability of the
Company or any Subsidiary  for payments of such amounts was determined or
taken  into account with reference to the liability of any  other person for
any period prior to, or up to and  including, the Closing Date, and (iii)
liability of  the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the  payment of
any amounts described in (i) as a result  of any express or implied
obligation to indemnify  any other person.   iii. The Company and each
Subsidiary has paid all Taxes,  or where payment is not yet due, has
established,  consistent with past practice, an adequate reserve  determined
in accordance with GAAP on its books and  records for the payment of such
Taxes with respect  to any taxable period (or portion thereof) ending on  or
prior to the Closing Date.   iv. Section k of the Disclosure Schedule
indicates those  Tax Returns of the Company, any Subsidiary, or of  any Tax
Group that either have been audited or are  currently the subject of an
audit. There is no  dispute or claim (including any anticipated claim) 
concerning any Taxes of the Company, any such  Subsidiary, or any such Tax
Group either (i) claimed  or raised by any authority in writing or (ii) as
to  which Parent has Knowledge.   v. For all periods from September 1,
1998, up to and  including the Closing Date, the Company has been an 
includible member of the "affiliated group" (within  the meaning of Section
1504 of the Code) of which  Parent is currently the parent (the "Parent 
Affiliated Group"); for such periods the Company was  entitled to report its
income on consolidated  federal income tax returns filed on behalf of the 
Parent Affiliated Group and, for such periods, all  federal income tax
returns required to be filed by  the Company have been (or will be) duly and
timely  filed on behalf of the Company on a consolidated  basis. All other
Tax Returns of the Company have  been filed on a separate company, non-
combined,  non-consolidated and non-unitary basis. The Company  has no Tax
liability from any "deferred intercompany  transaction" under Treasury
Regulation Sections  1.1502-13 or 1.1502-14 or any other transaction 
governed by a similar provision that will be  recognized as a result of the
transactions  contemplated by this Agreement.        -10-  11   vi.
None of Parent, the Company or any of their  affiliates has (i) received or
is the subject of an  application for a tax ruling or entered into a 
legally binding agreement (such as a closing  agreement) with a taxing
authority, which ruling or  agreement could have an effect on the Taxes of
the  Company or any Subsidiary after the Closing Date, or  (ii) filed any
election or caused any deemed  election under Section 338 of the Code for
which the  applicable Tax liability has not been paid.   vii. (i) No
extensions of time have been granted to the  Company, any Subsidiary, or any
Tax Group to file  any Tax Return required by applicable law to be  filed by
any of them prior to or on the Closing  Date, which have expired, or will
expire, on or  before the Closing Date without such Tax Return  having been
filed, (ii) no deficiency or adjustment  for any Taxes of the Company, any
Subsidiary, or any  Tax Group has been proposed, asserted or assessed in 
writing, and no federal, state, local or foreign  audits or other
administrative proceedings or court  proceedings are pending with regard to
any such  Taxes of the Company, any Subsidiary, or any member  of a Tax
Group, (iii) no waiver or consent extending  any statute of limitations for
the assessment or  collection of any Taxes has been executed by or on 
behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, nor have  any requests for such
waivers or consents been  proposed in writing, and (iv) no waiver or
consent  extending any statute of limitations for the  assessment of
collection of any income and franchise  Taxes of any member of a Tax Group
has been executed  by any member of a Tax Group nor have any requests  for
such waivers been proposed in writing.   viii. None of the Company or any
Subsidiary has ever been  a party to any tax-sharing or allocation
agreements,  arrangements or understandings, whether written or  oral.  
ix. None of the Company or any Subsidiary is a party to  any agreement,
contract or arrangement that would  result, by reason of the consummation of
any of the  transactions contemplated herein, separately or in  the
aggregate, in the payment of any "excess  parachute payments" by the Company
within the  meaning of Section 280G of the Code.   x. The Company and each
Subsidiary has complied with  all applicable laws relating to the withholding
of  Taxes (including withholding of Taxes pursuant to  Sections 1441 and
1442 of the Code) and has, within  the time and within the manner prescribed
by law,  withheld and paid over to the proper taxing  authorities all
amounts required to be withheld and  paid over under all applicable laws in
connection  with amounts paid or owing to any employee,  independent
contractor, creditor, stockholder or  other third party.   xi.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,  WCAS VIII, the Company, and
each Subsidiary shall be  responsible for, and agree to indemnify Parent
for,  any additional Taxes owed by Parent (including tax  owed by Parent due
to this indemnification payment)  resulting from any transaction that is both
not  contemplated by this Agreement and not in the  ordinary course of
business occurring on the Closing  Date. WCAS VIII and Parent covenant and
agree to  report any transaction that is both not contemplated  by this
Agreement and not in the ordinary course of  business occurring on the
Closing Date on the  Company\'s federal income tax return to the extent 
permitted by Reg.ss.1.1502-76(b)(1)(B).      -11-  12   xii. At
Parent\'s request, WCAS VIII will use commercially  reasonable efforts to
cause the Company and each  Subsidiary to make or join Parent in making any
Tax  election if the making of such election does not  have an adverse
effect on the Company and the  Subsidiaries for any post-acquisition Tax
period.   l. Owned Real Property. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary 
owns any real property.   m. Real Property Leases. Section m of the
Disclosure Schedule  lists all real property leased or subleased to or by
the  Company or any Subsidiary. With respect to each lease and  sublease
listed in Section m of the Disclosure Schedule, the  lease or sublease is a
valid and, to the Knowledge of Parent,  subsisting agreement, without any
material default of the  Company thereunder and, to the Knowledge of Parent,
without  any material default thereunder of any other party thereto.  The
possession by the Company of such property has not been  disturbed nor has
any claim been asserted in writing against  the Company adverse to its rights
in such leasehold  interests.   n. Title to Properties. The Company has
good and valid title to  all of its properties and assets, including
without  limitation those reflected as owned on the Most Recent  Balance
Sheet (other than properties and assets disposed of  in the ordinary course
of business since the date of such  Financial Statements), free and clear of
any mortgages,  pledges, security interests, liens, charges and other 
encumbrances, except for (i) capital leases which are  reflected in the
Financial Statements, (ii) liens described  in Section n to the Disclosure
Schedule, (iii) liens for  current taxes not yet due and payable, (iv) liens
imposed by  law and incurred in the ordinary course of business for 
obligations not past due to couriers, warehousemen, laborers,  materialmen
and the like, (v) liens in respect of pledges or  deposits under workers\'
compensation laws or similar  legislation, and (vi) minor imperfections of
title, none of  which are material in nature or amount and which do not 
materially detract from the value or impair the use of the  property subject
thereto or impair the operations or proposed  operations of the Company.  
o. Adequacy of Assets. Except as set forth in Section o of the  Disclosure
Schedule, the assets of the Company and each of  the Subsidiaries, and the
facilities, assets and services to  which the Company and each of the
Subsidiaries has a  contractual right to use include all rights, property, 
assets, facilities and services necessary or appropriate for  the carrying on
of the Company\'s business in the manner in  which it is currently being and
has over the immediately  preceding 12 months been carried on, and neither
the Company  nor any of the Subsidiaries depends in any respect upon the 
use of assets owned by, or facilities or services provided  by, Parent or any
of its affiliates.   p. Intellectual Property.   i. Each of the Company
and each Subsidiary owns or has  the valid and enforceable right to use all 
Intellectual Property used in the operation of its  business as presently
conducted, and the  consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby 
will not alter or impair any such rights to use such  Intellectual Property.
To the Knowledge of Parent,  no claims have been asserted against, or with 
respect to the use by, the Company of its  Intellectual Property or otherwise
for patent,  copyright or trademark infringement. To the  Knowledge of
Parent, no other Person or entity is  infringing, violating or
misappropriating any of the  Intellectual Property of the Company or any 
Subsidiary. Section p of the Disclosure Schedule  lists each patent, patent
application, copyright  registration, and trademark or service mark 
registration or application therefor of the Company  or any
Subsidiary.      -12-  13   ii. To the Knowledge of Parent, none of
the activities  or business presently conducted by the Company or a 
Subsidiary infringes or violates, or constitutes a  misappropriation of, any
Intellectual Property  rights of any Person or entity.   q. Contracts.  
i. Section q of the Disclosure Schedule lists the  following agreements to
which the Company or any  Subsidiary is a party as of the date of this 
Agreement:    (1) any agreement for the lease of personal  property from
or to third parties providing  for lease payments in excess of $100,000  per
annum;   (2) any agreement for the purchase or sale of  products or for the
furnishing or receipt  of services which requires the payment or  receipt by
the Company or a Subsidiary of  more than the sum of $500,000 in the 
aggregate for any single contract;   (3) any agreement under which it has
created,  incurred, assumed, or guaranteed  indebtedness (including
capitalized lease  obligations) involving more than $500,000;   (4) any
agreement involving any officer,  director or stockholder of the Company
that  is not cancelable by Company on notice of  not longer than 30 days,
and   (5) any other agreement requiring the payment  or receipt by the
Company or a Subsidiary  of more than $500,000 annually.   ii. Except as
disclosed on Section q of the Disclosure  Schedule, the agreements referred
to on Section q of  the Disclosure Schedule are valid and subsisting 
obligations of the Company and, to the Knowledge of  Parent, of the other
parties thereto. The Company  has not been notified in writing of any claim
that  any agreement referred to on such Schedule is not  valid and
enforceable in accordance with its terms  for the periods stated therein, or
that there is  under any such contract any existing default or  event of
default or event which with notice or lapse  of time or both would constitute
such a default.   r. Insurance. The Company (through the Parent) owns
policies of  fire, liability, workers\' compensation, and other forms of 
insurance providing insurance coverage to or for the Company  for events or
occurrences arising or taking place in the case  of occurrence type
insurance, and for claims made and/or  suits commenced in the case of claims-
made type insurance,  and, all premiums with respect thereto covering all
periods  up to and including the date as of which this representation  is
being made have been paid, and no notice of cancellation  or termination
which has not been reinstated has been  received with respect to any such
policy. All such policies  are in full force and effect and, to the Knowledge
of Parent,  provide insurance in such amounts and against such risks as  is
customary for companies engaged in similar businesses to  the Company to
protect the employees, properties, assets,  businesses and operations of the
Company.   s. Litigation. Except as set forth in Section s to the 
Disclosure Schedule, there are no suits, actions,  proceedings, or claims (a
"Legal Proceeding") pending or, to  the Knowledge of Parent, threatened,
against the Company or  any of its Subsidiaries or its or any of their
properties,  assets or business. Except as set forth in Section s to
the        -13-  14   Disclosure Schedule, there is no judgment,
order, writ,  injunction, decree, or award to which the Company or any of 
its Subsidiaries is a party, or involving the assets or  business of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, which is  unsatisfied or which requires
continuing compliance therewith  by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries.   t. Affiliated Transactions. Except as set forth in Section t
of  the Disclosure Schedule, no material contracts or agreements  are in
effect as of the date hereof between the Company or  any Subsidiary, on the
one hand, and Parent or its affiliates  or executive officers, on the other
hand. Except as set forth  in Section t to the Disclosure Schedule, no
material  arrangements or other benefits are provided by Parent to the 
Company.   u. Labor Matters. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is a 
party to or bound by any collective bargaining agreement, nor  has any of
them experienced any strikes, grievances, claims  of unfair labor practices
or other collective bargaining  dispute within the past two years, except as
set forth in  Section s of the Disclosure Schedule. Parent does not have 
Knowledge of any organizational effort made or threatened,  either currently
or within the past two years, by or on  behalf of any labor union with
respect to employees of the  Company or any Subsidiary.   v. Employee
Benefits.   i. Section vi of the Disclosure Schedule contains a  list of
all Employee Benefit Plans maintained, or  contributed to, by the Company, or
any Subsidiary.  Each Employee Benefit Plan has been administered in  all
material respects in accordance with its terms,  and each of the Company and
the Subsidiaries has in  all material respects met its obligations with 
respect to such Employee Benefit Plan and has made  all required
contributions thereto. The Company and  each Employee Benefit Plan are in
compliance in all  material respects with the currently applicable 
provisions of ERISA and the Code and the regulations  thereunder.   ii. All
the Employee Benefit Plans that are intended to  be qualified under Section
401(a) of the Code have  received determination letters from the Internal 
Revenue Service to the effect that such Employee  Benefit Plans are qualified
and the plans and the  trusts related thereto are exempt from federal 
income taxes under Sections 401(a) and 501(a),  respectively, of the
Code.   iii. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has ever  maintained an
Employee Benefit Plan subject to  Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of
ERISA.   iv. At no time has the Company or any Subsidiary been  obligated
to contribute to any "multiemployer plan"  (as defined in Section 4001(a)(3)
of ERISA).   v. There are no unfunded obligations under any Employee 
Benefit Plan providing benefits after termination of  employment to any
employee of the Company or any  Subsidiary (or to any beneficiary of any
such  employee), including but not limited to retiree  health coverage and
deferred compensation, but  excluding continuation of health coverage
required  to be continued under Section 4980B of the Code or  other
applicable law and insurance conversion  privileges under state law.   vi.
Except as set forth in Section vvi of the Disclosure  Schedule, no act or
omission has occurred and no  condition exists with respect to any Employee 
Benefit Plan maintained by the Company or any  Subsidiary which
would      -14-  15   subject the Company or any Subsidiary to any 
material fine, penalty, tax or liability imposed  under ERISA or the
Code.   vii. Section vvii of the Disclosure Schedule discloses  each: (i)
agreement with any stockholder, director,  executive officer or other key
employee of the  Company or any Subsidiary (A) the benefits of which  are
contingent, or the terms of which are materially  altered, upon the
occurrence of a transaction  involving the Company or any Subsidiary of the 
nature of any of the transactions contemplated by  this Agreement, or (B)
providing severance benefits  or other benefits after the termination of 
employment of such director, executive officer or  key employee; (ii)
agreement, plan or arrangement  under which any Person may receive payments
from the  Company or any Subsidiary that may be subject to the  tax imposed
by Section 4999 of the Code or included  in the determination of such
Person\'s "parachute  payment" under Section 280G of the Code, and (iii) 
agreement or plan binding the Company or any  Subsidiary, including without
limitation any stock  option plan, stock appreciation right plan, 
restricted stock plan, stock purchase plan,  severance benefit plan or
Employee Benefit Plan, any  of the benefits of which will be increased, or
the  vesting of the benefits of which will be  accelerated, by the
occurrence of any of the  transactions contemplated by this Agreement or
the  value of any of the benefits of which will be  calculated on the basis
of any of the transactions  contemplated by this Agreement.   w.
Environmental Matters. Except as disclosed in Section w of  the Disclosure
Schedule, (i) to the Knowledge of Parent, each  of the Company and each
Subsidiary, in all material respects,  has complied and is in compliance with
all applicable  Environmental Laws; and (ii) there is no pending or, to the 
Knowledge of Parent, threatened, civil or criminal  litigation, written
notice of violation, administrative  proceeding, or investigation by any
Governmental Entity or  Person, relating to or otherwise arising under any 
Environmental Law involving the Company or any Subsidiary.   x. Legal
Compliance. Except as set forth in Sections s and vi of  the Disclosure
Schedule, to the Knowledge of Parent, each of  the Company and each
Subsidiary is in compliance with all  applicable laws currently in effect of
any federal, state or  local government or any Governmental Entity, except
where the  failure to comply therewith would not reasonably be expected  to
have a Company Material Adverse Effect.   y. Permits. The Company and each
Subsidiary has obtained all  Permits (as defined below) necessary for the
conduct of its  business as currently conducted, except for any Permit that 
the failure of which to obtain would not reasonably be  expected to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect. The  Permits are in full force and effect.
The Company and each  Subsidiary is in material compliance with each
permit,  license, franchise or authorization from any Governmental  Entity
used in its business or operations as presently  conducted and material to
the business or operations of the  Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole (collectively,  the "Permits"). Except as set forth in Section y of
the  Disclosure Schedule, no Permit will be revoked, terminated  prior to
its normal expiration date or not renewed solely as a  result of the
consummation of the Merger except, in any case,  for any violation, default,
revocation, termination or renewal  that would not reasonably be expected to
have a Company  Material Adverse Effect and except for filings with 
Governmental Entities that are required to be made after the  Closing as a
result of any of the transactions contemplated by  this Agreement with
respect to third party-administrator  licenses, utilization review licenses,
and other similar  licenses held by the Company or any Subsidiary.     
-15-  16   z. Brokers\' Fees. None of the Company or any of the
Subsidiaries  has any liability or obligation to pay any fees or 
commissions to any broker, finder, or agent with respect to  the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.   aa. Disclosure. No representation or
warranty by Parent contained  in this Agreement and the Disclosure Schedule
contains or  will contain any untrue statement of a material fact, or  omits
or will omit to state a material fact necessary, in  light of the
circumstances under which it was or will be  made, to make the statements
herein or therein not  misleading.  3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
REGARDING PARENT   Parent makes the representations and warranties set forth
below to WCAS VIII and NewCo, each of which is true and correct on the date
hereof and shall be true and correct on the Closing Date:   a. Ownership of
Shares. Parent is the holder of record and owns  beneficially 10,000,000
shares of Company Common Stock, free  and clear of any liens, pledges,
claims, or encumbrances.   b. Organization. Parent is a corporation validly
existing and in  good standing under the laws of the State of Florida.   c.
Authorization of Transaction. Parent has all requisite  corporate power and
authority to execute and deliver this  Agreement and to perform its
obligations hereunder. The  execution and delivery by Parent of this
Agreement and the  consummation by Parent of the transactions contemplated 
hereby have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary  corporate
action on the part of Parent. This Agreement has  been be duly and validly
executed and delivered by Parent and  constitutes a valid and binding
obligation of Parent,  enforceable against it in accordance with its terms,
except  as the validity, enforceability and binding effect may be  limited
by bankruptcy insolvency, reorganization, moratorium,  or other laws
affecting creditors\' rights generally and by  general equitable
principles.   d. Noncontravention. Subject to compliance with the
applicable  requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act, the filing of the 
Articles of Merger as required by the Florida BCA, and the  filing of the
Certificate of Merger as required by the DGCL  and except as set forth in
Section d of the Disclosure  Schedule, neither the execution and delivery by
Parent of  this Agreement, nor the consummation by Parent of the 
transactions contemplated hereby, will (a) conflict with or  violate any
provision of the Articles of Incorporation or  Bylaws of Parent, (b) require,
on the part of Parent, any  filing with, or any permit, authorization,
consent, waiver or  approval of, any Governmental Entity, (c) conflict
with,  result in a breach of, constitute a default under, result in  the
acceleration of obligations under, or create in any party  the right to
terminate any contract or instrument to which  the Parent is bound or to
which its assets are subject, or  (d) violate any order, writ, injunction, or
decree applicable  to Parent or its properties or assets, or, to the
Knowledge  of Parent, any statute, rule or regulation applicable to  Parent
or its properties or assets.   e. Brokers and Finders. Except as set forth
in Section e of the  Disclosure Schedule, the Parent does not have any
liability  or obligation to pay any fees or commissions to any broker, 
finder, or agent with respect to the transactions  contemplated by this
Agreement.        -16-    17  4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
WCAS VIII   WCAS VIII makes the representations and warranties set forth
below to the Parent and the Company, each of which is true and correct on the
date hereof and shall be true and correct on the Closing Date:   a.
Organization. WCAS VIII is a limited partnership validly  existing and in
good standing under the laws of the State of  Delaware.   b. Authorization
of Transaction. WCAS VIII has all requisite  power and authority to execute
and deliver this Agreement and  to perform its obligations hereunder. The
execution and  delivery by WCAS VIII of this Agreement and the consummation 
by WCAS VIII of the transactions contemplated hereby have been  duly and
validly authorized by all necessary action on the  part of WCAS VIII. This
Agreement has been duly and validly  executed and delivered by WCAS VIII and
constitutes a valid  and binding obligation of WCAS VIII, enforceable against
it in  accordance with its terms, except as the validity,  enforceability
and binding effect may be limited by bankruptcy  insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium, or other laws  affecting creditors\' rights generally and by
general equitable  principles.   c. Noncontravention. Subject to compliance
with applicable  requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act, the filing of
the  Articles of Merger as required by the Florida BCA, and the  filing of
the Certificate of Merger as required by the DGCL,  neither the execution and
delivery of this Agreement by WCAS  VIII, nor the consummation by WCAS VIII
of the transactions  contemplated hereby, will (a) conflict with or violate
any  provision of the governing documents of WCAS VIII, (b) require  on the
part of WCAS VIII any filing with, or permit,  authorization, consent or
approval of, any Governmental  Entity, (c) conflict with, result in a breach
of, constitute a  default under, result in the acceleration of obligations 
under, or create in any party the right to terminate any  contract or
instrument to which WCAS VIII is bound or to which  its assets are subject,
or (d) violate any order, writ,  injunction, or decree applicable to WCAS
VIII or its  properties or assets, or, to the knowledge of WCAS VIII, any 
statute, rule or regulation applicable to WCAS VIII or its  properties or
assets.   d. Broker\'s Fees. WCAS VIII does not have any liability or 
obligation to pay any fees or commissions to any broker,  finder, or agent
with respect to the transactions contemplated  by this Agreement.   e.
Disclosure. No representation or warranty by WCAS VIII  contained in this
Agreement contains any untrue statement of a  material fact, or omits or will
omit to state a material fact  necessary, in light of the circumstances under
which it was or  will be made, to make the statements herein or therein not 
misleading.  5. COVENANTS   a. Closing Efforts. Each of the Parties shall
use its reasonable  best efforts ("Reasonable Best Efforts"), to take all
actions  and to do all things necessary, proper or advisable to  consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; it  being understood that
nothing herein shall require any Party  to waive any rights it may have under
6 of this Agreement.      -17-  18   b. Governmental Consents.   i.
Each of the Parties shall promptly but in any event  within two business days
after the date hereof file  any Notification and Report forms and related 
material that it may be required to file with the  Federal Trade Commission
and the Antitrust Division  of the United States Department of Justice under
the  Hart-Scott-Rodino Act, shall use its Reasonable Best  Efforts to obtain
an early termination of the  applicable waiting period, and shall make any
further  filings or information submissions pursuant thereto  that may be
necessary, proper or advisable.   ii. Other Consents. The Company and its
Subsidiaries  shall use their Reasonable Best Efforts to obtain  prior to
Closing all waivers, permits, consents,  approvals or other authorizations
necessary for the  consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.  
c. Operation of Business Pending the Closing. From the date  hereof until the
Closing, except as contemplated by this  Agreement or otherwise approved by
WCAS VIII, the Company  shall not take any of the following actions:   i.
No Changes. The Company will not make or institute  any material changes in
its methods of purchase,  sale, accounting, or operation, except insofar as
may  be required by a generally applicable change in  GAAP;.   ii.
Maintain Organization. The Company will not take any  action that will
adversely affect in any material  respect the existence, rights, and
franchises of the  Company or the Company\'s present relationships with  its
suppliers and customers.   iii. No Breach. The Company shall not take any
action or  fail to take any action with the Knowledge that such  action or
failure to take action would result in a  breach of any representation,
warranty, or covenant  made by the Company or the Parent herein.   iv. No
Contracts Outside of the Ordinary Course of  Business. No contract or
commitment will be entered  into, and no purchase of raw materials or
supplies  and no sale of goods will be made, by or on behalf of  the
Company, except contracts, commitments,  purchases, or sales which are in the
ordinary course  of business.   v. No Corporate Changes. The Company shall
not amend its  Articles of Incorporation or bylaws, except as  contemplated
by this Agreement.   vi. Maintenance of Insurance. The Company shall not 
terminate or substantially alter its insurance in  effect as of the date
hereof.   vii. No Transfer of Shares. The Company shall refuse to  accept
any Certificates for Shares to be transferred  or otherwise to allow such
transfers to occur upon  its books.   viii. Other Events. Except as
contemplated by this  Agreement, the Company will not (i) issue any stock, 
bonds or other corporate securities, (ii) borrow any  material amount or
incur any material liabilities  (absolute or contingent), except current
liabilities  incurred, and liabilities under contracts entered 
into,      -18-  19   in the ordinary course of business, (iii)
discharge  or satisfy any material lien or pay any obligation or  liability
(absolute or contingent) other than current  liabilities shown on its balance
sheet as of March  31, 2000 referred to in Section 2.f hereof and  current
liabilities incurred since that date in the  ordinary course of business,
(iv) declare or make any  payment or distribution to stockholders or
purchase  or redeem any shares of its capital stock or other  securities,
(v) mortgage, pledge or subject to lien  any of its material assets, tangible
or intangible,  (vi) sell, assign or transfer any of its material  tangible
assets, except in the ordinary course of  business, (vii) acquire any
material tangible assets  or properties, except in the ordinary course of 
business, (viii) cancel or compromise any material  debts or claims, except
in the ordinary course of  business, (ix) sell, assign or transfer any
material  rights to intellectual property, or permit any  license, permit,
or other form of authorization  relating to intellectual property to lapse,
(x) make  any material changes in officer compensation, except  in the
ordinary course of business and consistent  with past practice or (xi) enter
into any material  transaction except in the ordinary course of 
business.   d. Access to Information. The Company shall (and shall cause
each  Subsidiary to) permit representatives of WCAS VIII to have  reasonable
access (during normal business hours, with at least  48 hours prior notice
from WCAS VIII, and in a manner so as  not to interfere with the normal
business operations of the  Company and the Subsidiaries) to all premises,
properties,  financial and accounting records, contracts, customer records, 
and other records and documents of or pertaining to the  Company and each
Subsidiary.   e. Noncompetition. Parent and the Company agree to extend
until  the third anniversary of the Closing Date (the "Noncompetition 
Term") the restrictions in Section 6.1 of the Shareholder  Agreement dated
December 18, 1997 among Parent, the Company,  and HealthPlan Services
Corporation, as amended by the  Termination Agreement dated September 11,
1998, with respect  to the ability of the Company to compete with Parent and
the  ability of Parent to compete with the Company (the  "Noncompetition
Restrictions"). Upon expiration of the  Noncompetition Term, the
Noncompetition Restrictions will  expire. In addition, the geographic scope
of the  Noncompetition Restrictions is hereby amended to North  America.  
f. Certain Tax Information and Tax Returns.   i. After the Closing Date,
WCAS VIII and Parent (i)  shall provide, or shall cause to be provided, to
and  by each other and each other\'s respective  subsidiaries, affiliates,
officers, employees and  representatives, such assistance as may reasonably
be  requested by any of them in connection with the  preparation of any Tax
Return, the conduct of any  audit or defense of any litigation or other 
proceeding with respect to any Tax liability of the  Company and the
Subsidiaries for any period prior to  or including the Closing Date and (ii)
shall retain,  or shall cause to be retained, for the appropriate  period,
any records or information that may be  relevant to any such return or audit.
The assistance  provided for in this Section fi shall include  providing, or
causing to be provided, such  information as might reasonably be expected to
be of  use in connection with any such return, audit,  litigation or
proceeding, including, without  limitation, records, returns, schedules,
documents,  work papers, opinions, letters, memoranda or other  relevant
materials relating thereto. All such  materials and information shall be held
in confidence  by the recipient thereof and shall not be disclosed  by the
recipient in any manner whatsoever and shall  not be used by the recipient
other than in connection  with such      -19-   20   return, audit
or litigation without the written  consent of the supplier of the
information, except as  required by law. The party requesting the
assistance  provided for in this Section fi shall reimburse the  party whose
assistance is requested for reasonable  out-of-pocket costs (including
compensation of  employees who provide such assistance outside of  their
regular working hours) incurred by it in  providing such assistance and shall
bear all costs or  expenses incurred in connection with the provision of 
such assistance by any outside representatives or  consultants (other than
such out-of-pocket or other  costs or expenses subject to any
indemnification  hereunder). The term "audit" as used in this Section  fi
shall include any inquiry, examination or other  conduct of any taxing
authority or any judicial or  administrative proceedings.   ii. WCAS VIII
and Parent shall promptly inform each other  of, keep each other regularly
apprised of the  progress with respect to, and notify each other not  later
than ten business days prior to the settlement  or final determination of,
any audit relating to the  income, gains, losses, deduction or credits of
the  Company and the Subsidiaries as reported on or  resulting from any Tax
Return relating to any period  ending prior to or including the Closing
Date.   iii. Parent shall prepare and timely file (or cause to be  prepared
and timely filed), for all taxable periods  ending on or before the Closing
Date, all federal,  state, local and foreign Tax Returns (including 
consolidated, combined and unitary tax returns)  required to be filed after
the Closing Date with  respect to which the Company and the Subsidiaries
and  Parent shall be responsible for (and shall pay) all  Taxes shown to be
due thereon. WCAS VIII and Parent  shall jointly prepare (and WCAS VIII shall
file (or  cause to be filed) on a timely basis) all separate  Tax Returns of
the Company and the Subsidiaries for  any taxable period beginning before and
ending after  the Closing Date; and Parent shall be responsible for  (and
shall pay) the Taxes shown to be due thereon to  the extent attributable to
the portion of such  taxable period ending on and including the Closing 
Date (determined on the basis of a closing of the  Company\'s books as of the
close of business on the  Closing Date) and the Company shall be
responsible  for the balance of the Taxes due thereon. All Tax  Returns of
the Company and the Subsidiaries (or which  include the results of operations
of the Company and  the Subsidiaries) required to be filed after the 
Closing Date with respect to any period ending before  or including the
Closing Date shall be prepared in a  manner consistent with the Tax Returns
filed prior to  the Closing Date.   g. Tax Sharing Agreements. Any existing
Tax sharing agreements,  arrangements or understandings (whether written or
oral)  relating to the Company or any Subsidiary shall be terminated  as of
the Closing Date, and no amount shall be owned under any  such agreement,
arrangement or understanding after the Closing  Date.   h. Removal of the
Company from Credit Agreements. Parent shall  use its reasonable best efforts
to obtain the release of the  Company (i) as a party to, and a guarantor
under, the Amended  and Restated Credit Agreement dated May 2, 2000 with
respect  to a $150 million credit facility of Parent from Bank of  America,
N.A. and certain other lenders, and (ii) from the  Guaranty Agreement dated
February 28, 2000 in favor of Bank of  America, N.A., which relates to the
Credit Agreement dated as  of February 17, 1998, as amended, with respect to
a $15  million bilateral credit facility of Parent from Bank of  America,
N.A.      -20-  21  6. CONDITIONS TO CONSUMMATION OF THE MERGER   a.
Conditions to Obligations of WCAS VIII and NewCo. The  obligation of WCAS
VIII and NewCo to consummate the Merger is  subject to the satisfaction (or
waiver by WCAS VIII and NewCo)  of the following conditions:   i. a
materially adverse change or effect to the assets,  business, liabilities,
financial condition,  prospects, or results of operations of the Company 
and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, shall not  have occurred since the
Most Recent Balance Sheet  Date;   ii. the Company and the Subsidiaries
shall have obtained  all of the waivers, permits, consents, approvals or 
other required authorization to complete the  transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, except  where the failure to obtain such waiver, permit, 
consent, approval, or other authorization would not  reasonably be expected
to have a Company Material  Adverse Effect;   iii. the representations and
warranties of Parent set  forth in 2 and 3 shall be true and correct in all 
material respects at and as of the Closing Date as if  made on the Closing
Date, except for changes  contemplated or permitted by this Agreement;  
iv. each of the Company and Parent shall have performed  or complied with
their respective agreements and  covenants required to be performed or
complied with  under this Agreement as of or prior to the Closing  Date;  
v. no Legal Proceeding shall be pending or threatened  wherein an unfavorable
judgment, order, decree,  stipulation or injunction would prevent
consummation  of any of the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement.   vi. the Company and Parent shall have delivered to WCAS  VIII
a certificate (the "Company Certificate") to the  effect that each of the
conditions specified in  clauses (a) through (e) of this Section a is 
satisfied in all respects;   vii. all applicable waiting periods (and any
extensions  thereof) under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act shall have  expired or
otherwise been terminated;   viii. WCAS VIII shall have received from
counsel to Parent  an opinion with respect to the matters set forth in 
Exhibit B attached hereto, addressed to WCAS VIII and  dated as of the
Closing Date;   ix. certain directors identified in Section aix of the 
Disclosure Schedule shall have tendered their  resignations to be effective
as of the Closing Date;   x. Parent shall have entered into an Investor
Rights  Agreement in the form attached as Exhibit D with the  Surviving
Corporation and WCAS VIII;   xi. All Options shall have been exercised or
cancelled;  and   xii. the Company shall have been released (i) as a
party  to, and a guarantor under, the Amended and Restated  Credit Agreement
dated May 2, 2000 with respect to a  $150 million credit facility of Parent
from Bank of  America, N.A. and      -21-  22   certain other
lenders, and (ii) from the Guaranty  Agreement dated February 28, 2000 in
favor of Bank of  America, N.A., which relates to the Credit Agreement 
dated as of February 17, 1998, as amended, with  respect to a $15 million
bilateral credit facility of  Parent from Bank of America, N.A.   b.
Conditions to Obligations of the Company and Parent. The  obligation of the
Company and Parent to consummate the Merger  is subject to the satisfaction
(or waiver by the Company) of  the following g conditions:   i. the
representations and warranties of WCAS VIII set  forth in 4 shall be true and
correct at and as of the  Closing Date as if made on the Closing Date,
except  for changes contemplated or permitted by this  Agreement,;   ii.
WCAS VIII and NewCo shall have performed or complied  with in all material
respects its agreements and  covenants required to be performed or complied
with  under this Agreement as of or prior to the Closing  Date;   iii. no
Legal Proceeding shall be pending or threatened  wherein an unfavorable
judgment, order, decree,  stipulation or injunction would prevent
consummation  of any of the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement.   iv. WCAS VIII shall have delivered to the Company a 
certificate (the "WCAS VIII Certificate") to the  effect that each of the
conditions specified in  clauses (a) through (c) of this Section b is 
satisfied in all respects;   v. all applicable waiting periods (and any
extensions  thereof) under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act shall have  expired or
otherwise been terminated;   vi. Parent shall have received from counsel to
WCAS VIII  an opinion with respect to the matters set forth in  Exhibit C
attached hereto, addressed to Parent and  dated as of the Closing Date;
and   vii. The Company and WCAS VIII shall have entered into an  Investor
Rights Agreement in the form attached as  Exhibit D with Parent.  7.
TERMINATION   a. Termination of Agreement. The Parties may terminate this 
Agreement prior to the Closing Date, as provided below:   i. the Parties may
terminate this Agreement by mutual  written consent;   ii. Parent or WCAS
VIII may terminate this Agreement if  an injunction has been issued that
would prevent  consummation of any of the transactions contemplated  by this
Agreement;   iii. WCAS VIII may terminate this Agreement by giving  written
notice to the Company and Parent in the event  the Company or Parent is in
breach of any  representation, warranty, or covenant contained in  this
Agreement, and such breach, individually or in  combination with any other
such breach:      -22-  23   (1) would cause the conditions set forth
in  clauses (a), (c), or (d) of Section 6.a not  to be satisfied; and  
(2) is not cured within 10 business days  following delivery by WCAS VIII to
the  Company and Parent of written notice of such  breach if such
representation, warranty, or  covenant is capable of being cured.   iv. the
Company and Parent may terminate this Agreement  by giving written notice to
WCAS VIII in the event  WCAS VIII is in breach of any representation, 
warranty or covenant contained in this Agreement, and  such breach,
individually or in combination with any  other such breach:   (1) would
cause the conditions set forth in  clauses (a) or (b) of Section 6.b not to
be  satisfied; and   (2) is not cured within 10 business days  following
delivery by the Company or Parent  to WCAS VIII of written notice of such 
breach if such representation, warranty, or  covenant is capable of being
cured.   v. WCAS VIII may terminate this Agreement by giving  written
notice to the Company and Parent if the  Closing shall not have occurred on
or before July 31,  2000 by reason of the failure of any condition 
precedent under Section 6.a hereof (unless the  failure results primarily
from a breach by WCAS VIII  of any representation, warranty or covenant
contained  in this Agreement); provided, however, that in the  event that
the condition precedent set forth in  Section 6.a.vii shall not have been
satisfied on July  31, 2000 the date after which such party may  terminate
this agreement shall be extended to the  earlier of (A) the expiration of the
applicable  waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act or  earlier
termination and (B) September 30, 2000;   vi. the Company and Parent may
terminate this Agreement  by giving written notice to WCAS VIII if the
Closing  shall not have occurred on or before July 31, 2000 by  reason of
the failure of any condition precedent  under Section 6.b hereof (unless the
failure results  primarily from a breach by the Company or Parent of  any
representation, warranty or covenant contained in  this Agreement); provided,
however, that in the event  that the condition precedent set forth in
Section  6.b.v shall not have been satisfied on July 31, 2000  the date
after which such party may terminate this  agreement shall be extended to the
earlier of (A) the  expiration of the applicable waiting period under the 
Hart-Scott-Rodino Act or earlier termination and (B)  September 30, 2000.  
b. Effect of Termination. Except as provided below, if any Party  terminates
this Agreement pursuant to Section a, all  obligations of the Parties
hereunder shall terminate without  any liability of any Party to any other
Party (except for any  liability of any Party for breaches of any
representation,  warranty, covenant or agreement contained in this
Agreement,  which shall survive the termination of this Agreement). The 
Confidentiality Agreement shall survive the termination of  this
Agreement.      -23-  24  8. INDEMNIFICATION   a. Indemnification
and Related Matters.   i. Indemnification by Parent for Breach. Parent
shall  indemnify and hold harmless the Investors (and after  the Closing
Date, the Company and the Subsidiaries)  and their officers, directors,
employees,  stockholders, agents, and representatives  (collectively, the
"WCAS Indemnified Parties"), from  and against any and all Damages suffered
or incurred  by any of them resulting from, arising out of, or  based
on:   (1) any breach of any representation or warranty  made by Parent in
this Agreement (other than  a breach of any representation or warranty 
contained in Section 2.k);   (2) the breach of any covenant of Parent (or
the  Company or a Subsidiary before the Closing)  contained in this
Agreement; or   (3) the Fair Labor Standards Act audit  referenced in item
(k) of Section 2.19 of  the Disclosure Schedule.   ii. Limitation on
Liability of Parent.   (1) No claim for Damages shall be made under 
Section ai unless and until the aggregate of  all claims for Damages under
Section ai  exceeds $500,000 in the aggregate (the  "Threshold Amount");
provided, however, that  the Threshold Amount shall not apply to any 
Damages described in Section 8.1(a)(iii)  above. To the extent that claims
for  Damages, individually or in the aggregate,  exceed the Threshold
Amount, the WCAS  Indemnified Parties shall be reimbursed by  Parent for the
amount of Damages that are in  excess of the Threshold Amount (subject to 
Section aii(2) below), but not the Threshold  Amount.   (2) The WCAS
Indemnified Parties shall be  reimbursed for Damages under Section ai for 
the full amount of all such Damages (subject  to Section aii) up to
$20,000,000, and shall  have no claim for Damages in excess of 
$20,000,000.   iii. Survival of Representations and Warranties of
Parent.   (1) The representations and warranties of Parent  in this
Agreement shall survive the Closing  until the first anniversary of the
Closing;  provided, however, that the representations  and warranties
contained in Sections 2.k and  3.a shall survive until the expiration of 
the applicable statute of limitations.   (2) Any claim for breach of
representations and  warranties brought prior to the expiration  of the
periods set forth in subparagraph  aiii(1) shall be deemed timely made
whether  or not such claim is resolved prior to the  expiration of the
applicable period.   iv. Indemnification by WCAS VIII for Breach. WCAS
VIII  shall indemnify and hold harmless Parent and the  Company, their
respective officers, directors,  employees, stockholders, agents, and
representatives,  and the holders of Shares (collectively, the "Seller 
Indemnified Parties") from and against any      -24-  25   and all
Damages suffered or incurred by any of them  resulting from, arising out of,
or based on:   (1) any breach of any representation or warranty  made by
WCAS VIII in this Agreement; or   (2) the breach of any covenant of WCAS
VIII (or  the Company or a Subsidiary after the  Closing) contained in this
Agreement.   v. Limitation on Liability of WCAS VIII.   (1) No claim for
Damages shall be made under  Section aiv unless and until the aggregate  of
all claims for Damages under this  subparagraph exceeds the Threshold
Amount.  To the extent that claims for Damages,  individually or in the
aggregate, exceed the  Threshold Amount, WCAS VIII shall reimburse  the
Seller Indemnified Parties for the  amount of Damages that are in excess of
the  Threshold Amount (subject to subparagraph  av(2) below), but not the
Threshold Amount;   (2) Seller Indemnified Parties shall be  reimbursed for
Damages under Section aiv for  the full amount of all such Damages (subject 
to subparagraph av(1)), up to $10,000,000,  and shall have no claim for
Damages in  excess of $20,000,000.   vi. Survival of Representations and
Warranties of WCAS  VIII.   (1) The representations and warranties of
WCAS  VIII in this Agreement shall survive the  Closing until the first
anniversary of the  Closing.   (2) Any claim for breach of representations
and  warranties brought prior to the expiration  of the periods set forth in
subparagraph  avi(1) and shall be deemed timely made  whether or not such
claim is resolved prior  to the expiration of the applicable period.   b.
Tax Indemnity of Parent.   i. Parent shall indemnify and hold harmless the
WCAS  Indemnified Parties from and against:   (1) a breach of any
representation or warranty  contained in Section 2.k of this Agreement;  
(2) without duplication of amounts payable under  Sections a or bi(1), any
and all Taxes  asserted against or incurred or sustained by  the WCAS
Indemnified Parties for any Tax  period (or portion thereof) ending on or 
before the Closing Date (as limited by the  time periods set forth in Section
2.11 with  respect to certain Subsidiaries) ; and   (3) all reasonable fees
and expenses (including  all reasonable legal, accounting, and other 
professional fees and expenses) incurred by  the WCAS Indemnified Parties in
connection  with any Taxes with respect to which the  WCAS Indemnified
Parties are entitled to  indemnification under this Section b.     
-25-  26   ii. For purposes of Section b, any interest, penalty or 
additional charge included in Taxes shall be deemed  to be a Tax for the
period in which the item on which  the interest, penalty or additional charge
is based,  and not a Tax for the periods during which the item  accrues.  
iii. None of the WCAS Indemnified Parties shall pay any  Tax for which he,
she, or it is entitled to  indemnification under this Section b without 
obtaining Parent\'s prior written consent, which  consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld, delayed,  or conditioned. Parent shall have the right
to  participate in any claim, suit, action, litigation or  proceeding which
could reasonably be expected to give  rise to a claim for indemnification
under this  Section b.   iv. Any Taxes subject to indemnification under
this  Section 8.2 shall not be subject to the provisions of  Section
8.1.   c. Indemnification Procedure. The obligations and liabilities of 
any party to indemnify any other under this 8 with respect to  any action,
proceeding, or claim relating to third parties  (collectively, "Claims")
shall be subject to the following  terms and conditions:   i. Notice and
Defense. The party or parties to be  indemnified (whether one or more, the
"Indemnified  Party") will give the party from whom indemnification  is
sought (the "Indemnifying Party") prompt written  notice of any such Claim,
and the Indemnifying Party  will undertake the defense thereof by
representatives  chosen by it. Failure to give such notice shall not  affect
the Indemnifying Party\'s duty or obligations  under this 8, except to the
extent the Indemnifying  Party is materially prejudiced thereby. So long as 
the Indemnifying Party is defending any such Claim  actively and in good
faith, the Indemnified Party  shall not settle such Claim. The Indemnified
Party  shall make available to the Indemnifying Party or its 
representatives all records and other materials  required by them and in the
possession or under the  control of the Indemnified Party, for the use of
the  Indemnifying Party and its representatives in  defending any such
Claim, and shall in other respects  give reasonable cooperation in such
defense.   ii. Failure to Defend. If the Indemnifying Party, within  a
reasonable time after notice of any such Claim,  fails to defend such Claim
actively and in good  faith, the Indemnified Party will (upon further 
notice) have the right to undertake the defense,  compromise or settlement of
such Claim or consent to  the entry of a judgment with respect to such
Claim,  on behalf of and for the account and risk of the  Indemnifying
Party, and the Indemnifying Party shall  thereafter have no right to
challenge the Indemnified  Party\'s defense, compromise, settlement or
consent to  judgment therein.   iii. Indemnified Party\'s Rights. Anything
in this Section  c to the contrary notwithstanding, (i) if there is a 
reasonable probability that a Claim may materially  and adversely affect the
Indemnified Party other than  as a result of money damages or other money
payments,  the Indemnified Party shall have the right to defend,  compromise
or settle such Claim, and (ii) the  Indemnifying Party shall not, without the
written  consent of the Indemnified Party, settle or  compromise any Claim
or consent to the entry of any  judgment which does not include as an
unconditional  term thereof the giving by the claimant or the  plaintiff to
the Indemnified Party of a release from  all Liability in respect of such
Claim.      -26-  27   d. Payment. The Indemnifying Party shall
promptly pay the  Indemnified Party any amount due under this 8, which
payment  may be accomplished in whole or in part, at the option of the 
Indemnified Party, by the Indemnified Party setting off any  amount owed to
the Indemnifying Party by the Indemnified  Party. To the extent set-off is
made by an Indemnified Party  in satisfaction or partial satisfaction of an
indemnity  obligation under this 8 that is disputed by the Indemnifying 
Party, upon a subsequent determination by final judgment not  subject to
appeal that all or a portion of such indemnity  obligation was not owed to
the Indemnified Party, the  Indemnified Party shall pay the Indemnifying
Party the amount  which was set off and not owed. Upon judgment,
determination,  settlement or compromise of any third party Claim, the 
Indemnifying Party shall pay promptly on behalf of the  Indemnified Party, or
to the Indemnified Party in  reimbursement of any amount theretofore required
to be paid by  it, the amount so determined by judgment, determination, 
settlement or compromise and all other Claims of the  Indemnified Party with
respect thereto, unless in the case of  a judgment an appeal is made from the
judgment. If the  Indemnifying Party desires to appeal from an adverse
judgment,  then the Indemnifying Party shall post and pay the cost of the 
security or bond to stay execution of the judgment pending  appeal. Upon the
payment in full by the Indemnifying Party of  such amounts, the Indemnifying
Party shall succeed to the  rights of such Indemnified Party, to the extent
not waived in  settlement, against the third party who made such third
party  Claim.   e. Tax Effect.   i. The indemnification obligation of an
Indemnifying  Party shall be adjusted so as to give effect to any  net
reduction in federal, state, local or foreign  income or franchise tax
liability actually realized  at any time by the Indemnified Party in
connection  with the incurrence by the Indemnified Party of any  liabilities
or losses with respect to which  indemnification is sought hereunder. The
payment of  any Claims by the Indemnifying Party to the  Indemnified Party
hereunder is intended to be treated  as an adjustment to the Merger
Consideration; if,  notwithstanding such intention, such payment gives  rise
to taxable income, such payment shall be grossed  up to include the federal,
state, local or foreign  income or franchise tax liability which the 
Indemnified Party will incur upon receipt of payment  in respect of such
payment assuming that the  Indemnified Party was subject to tax at the
highest  applicable rates. With respect to any Claims for  which the
Indemnified Party (but for the operation of  this sentence) is entitled to
indemnification  hereunder, there shall be an appropriate reduction  (taking
into account the time value of money at the  Internal Revenue Service\'s
corporate underpayment  rate) in any tax liabilities arising by reason of
(i)  any reduction or disallowance of deductions from  taxable income in one
taxable year, to the extent  such reduction or disallowance would result in
a  corresponding increase in allowable deductions from  income in another
taxable year, (ii) the shifting of  items of income from one taxable year to
another, or  (iii) the capitalization of amounts which were  expensed, but
only if such capitalized amounts are  subject to amortization or depreciation
or recovery  in costs of goods sold, inventory or materials. No  such
reduction in tax liabilities with respect to  which the Indemnified Party
would otherwise be  entitled to indemnification shall occur if the 
corresponding tax benefit only serves to give rise to  or increase an
unutilized net operating loss, capital  loss or credit carryover.     
-27-  28  9. DEFINITIONS   a. Defined Terms. For purposes of this
Agreement, each of the  following defined terms is defined in the Section of
this  Agreement indicated below.      Defined Term Section 
------------ -------  ~~   affiliated group 2.k.v  Agreement Introduction 
Articles of Merger 1.a  Certificate of Merger 1.a  Certificates 1.c  Claims
8.c  Closing 1.b  Closing Date 1.b  Company Introduction  Company
Certificate 6.a.vi  Company Common Stock 1.f.i  DGCL 1.a  deferred
intercompany transaction 2.k.v  Disclosure Schedule 2  excess parachute
payments 2.k.x  Financial Statements 2.f  Florida BCA 1.a  Governmental
Entity 2.d  Hart-Scott-Rodino Act 2.d  Indemnified Party c.i  Indemnifying
Party c.i  Investors Recitals  Legal Proceeding 2.s  Merger Recitals  Most
Recent Balance Sheet 2.f  Most Recent Balance Sheet Date 2.f  multiemployer
plan 2.v.iv  Options 1.k  Option Consideration Per Share 1.k  parachute
payment 2.v.v  Parent Introduction  Parent Affiliated Group 2.k.v  Parties
Introduction  Permits 2.y  Reasonable Best Efforts 5.a  Surviving
Corporation Recitals  Surviving Corporation Common Stock 1.f  Seller
Indemnified Parties 8.b  Subsidiaries 2.e.i  Subsidiary 2.e.i  Surviving
Corporation Introduction, 1.a  Surviving Corporation Common Stock
Introduction  Tax 2.k.ii  Tax Group 2.k.i  Tax Returns 2.k.i  Taxes
2.k.ii  Threshold Amount a.ii(1)  WCAS VIII Introduction  WCAS VIII
Certificate 6.b.iv  WCAS Indemnified Parties c.i       -28-  29   b.
Certain Supplemental Defined Terms.   "Acquisition Proposal" means any
proposal with respect to a merger, consolidation, share exchange or similar
transaction involving the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, or any
purchase of all or any significant portion of the assets of the Company or
any Subsidiary of the Company, or any equity interest in the Company or any
Subsidiary of the Company, other than the transactions contemplated
hereby.   "Affiliate" means a Person that directly or indirectly, through
one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common
control with, another Person.   "Capital Lease Payment" means $688,000.  
"Confidentiality Agreement" means Confidentiality Agreement between WCAS VIII
and Parent."   "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended.   "Company Material Adverse Effect" means any materially adverse
change or effect to the assets, liabilities, financial condition, or results
of operations of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.  
"Damages" means, with respect to any right to indemnity, (i) all
debts, liabilities and obligations; (ii) all losses, damages, judgments,
awards, settlements, costs and expenses (including, without limitation,
interest (including prejudgment interest in any litigated matter), penalties,
court costs and reasonable attorneys and accountants fees and expenses); and
(iii) all demands, claims, suits, actions, costs of investigation, causes of
action, proceedings and assessments, whether or not ultimately determined to
be valid.   "Employee Benefit Plan" means any "employee pension benefit
plan" (as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA), any "employee welfare benefit
plan" (as defined in Section 3(l) of ERISA), and any other written or oral
plan, agreement or arrangement involving direct or indirect compensation,
including without limitation insurance coverage, severance benefits,
disability benefits, deferred compensation, bonuses, stock options, stock
purchase, phantom stock, stock appreciation or other forms of incentive
compensation or post-retirement compensation maintained or contributed by the
Company or any Subsidiary for its current or former employees or directors
and any of their beneficiaries or dependents.   "Environmental Law" means
any federal, state or local law, statute, rule or regulation or the common
law relating to the environment, including without limitation any statute,
regulation, administrative decision or order pertaining to (i) treatment,
storage, disposal, generation and transportation of industrial, toxic or
hazardous materials or substances or solid or hazardous waste, (ii) the
release or threatened release into the environment of industrial, toxic or
hazardous materials or substances, or solid or hazardous waste, including
without limitation emissions, discharges, injections, spills, escapes or
dumping of pollutants, contaminants or chemicals; and (iii) manufacturing,
processing, using, distributing, treating, storing, disposing, transporting
or handling of materials declared under any law as pollutants, contaminants,
toxic or hazardous materials or substances or oil or petroleum products or
solid or hazardous waste.   "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, as amended.   "Fully Diluted Outstanding Shares"
means 10,860,100 shares of Common Stock.   "GAAP" means U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles.      -29-  30   "Intellectual
Property" means all (i) patents and patent applications, (ii) copyrights and
registrations thereof, (iii) computer software, data and documentation, (iv)
trade secrets and confidential business information, whether patentable or
unpatentable and whether or not reduced to practice, (v) trademarks, service
marks, trade names and applications and registrations therefor and (vi) other
proprietary rights relating to any of the foregoing.   "Intercompany Debt
Payment" means the payment by the Company to Parent immediately prior to the
Effective Time of the Merger of $47,426,000 (which is the estimated amount as
of June 28, 2000), as adjusted to reflect interest adjustments, any
additional draws by the Company from Parent, and any repayments by the
Company to Parent.   "Knowledge" or any similar expression, as it applies to
Parent, means the actual knowledge of David E. Garner, John D. Gannett, Jr.,
Christine L. Beckler, and David Haick, after inquiry from appropriate
personnel of the Company.   "Person" means an individual, corporation,
partnership, joint venture, association, trust, unincorporated organization
or, as applicable, any other entity.  10. MISCELLANEOUS   a. Press
Releases and Announcements. No Party shall issue any  press release or public
announcement relating to the subject  matter of this Agreement without the
prior written approval of  the other Parties; provided, however that any
Party may make  any public disclosure it believes in good faith is required
by  applicable law or stock market regulation (in which case the  disclosing
Party shall use reasonable efforts to consult with  the other Parties and
provide them with a copy of the proposed  disclosure prior to making the
disclosure).   b. No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement shall not
confer  any rights or remedies upon any Person other than the Parties  and
their respective successors and permitted assigns;  provided however that (a)
the provisions in 1 concerning  payment of the Merger Consideration are
intended for the  benefit of the stockholders of the Company and (b) the 
provisions in Section 8.a concerning indemnification are  intended for the
benefit of the individuals specified therein  and their successors and
assigns.   c. Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including the documents 
referred to herein) constitutes the entire agreement among the  Parties and
supersedes any prior understandings, agreements or  representations by or
among the Parties, written or oral, with  respect to the subject matter
hereof, other than the  Confidentiality Agreement, which shall remain in
effect in  accordance with its terms.   d. Succession and Assignment. This
Agreement shall be binding  upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties
named herein and  their respective successors and permitted assigns. No
Party  may assign either this Agreement or any of its rights,  interests or
obligations hereunder without the prior written  approval of the other
Parties, except that if WCAS IX is  formed and funded by the Closing Date,
WCAS VIII and the  Investors may assign all or part of their rights and 
obligations under this Agreement to WCAS IX and certain other  investors
related to WCAS IX, respectively, in which case WCAS  IX and such other
investors will execute an addendum to this  Agreement and become
Parties.      -30-  31   e. Counterparts. This Agreement may be
executed in counterparts,  each of which shall be deemed an original and all
of which,  together, shall constitute the same instrument. Copies of 
executed counterparts transmitted by telecopy or other  electronic
transmission service shall be considered original  executed counterparts for
purposes of this Agreement, provided  receipt of copies of such counterparts
is confirmed.   f. Headings. The section headings contained in this
Agreement are  inserted for convenience only and shall not affect in any
way  the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.   g. Notices. All
notices, requests, demands, claims, and other  communications hereunder shall
be in writing. Any notice,  request, demand, claim or other communication
hereunder shall  be deemed duly delivered five business days after it is
sent  by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested,  postage
prepaid, or one business day after it is sent via a  reputable nationwide
overnight courier service, in each case  to the intended recipient as set
forth below:   If to the Company:   SHPS, Inc.  11405 Bluegrass Parkway 
Louisville, Kentucky 40299  Attn: David E. Garner  Telecopy: (502)
263-5680   If to Parent:   Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated  100 North
Tampa Street, Suite 3900  Tampa, FL 33602  Attn: Scott J. Bendert 
Telecopy: (813) 233-6185   Copy to:   Foley and Lardner  100 North Tampa
Street, Suite 2700  Tampa, FL 33602  Attn: Martin A. Traber, Esq. 
Telecopy: (813) 221-4210   If to WCAS VIII:   Welsh, Carson, Anderson and
Stowe VIII, L.P.  320 Park Avenue, Suite 2500  New York, NY 10022  Attn: D.
Scott Mackesy   Copy to:   Reboul, MacMurray, Hewitt, Maynard and Krisol 
45 Rockefeller Plaza  New York, NY 10111  Attn: Othon A. Prounis     
-31-  32   and  Any Party may give any notice, request, demand, claim or
other communication hereunder using any other means (including personal
delivery, expedited courier, messenger service, telecopy, ordinary mail or
electronic mail), but no such notice, request, demand, claim or other
communication shall be deemed to have been duly given unless and until it
actually is received by the party for whom it is intended. Any Party may
change the address to which notices, requests, demands, claims, and other
communications hereunder are to be delivered by giving the other Parties
notice in the manner herein set forth.   h. Governing Law and Venue. The
validity, construction,  enforcement, and interpretation of this Agreement
and any  matters arising out of or with respect to this Agreement are 
governed by the laws of the State of Delaware and the federal  laws of the
United States of America, excluding the laws of  those jurisdictions
pertaining to resolution of conflicts with  laws of other jurisdictions. With
respect to any action  concerning this Agreement that is initiated by the
Parent,  each party to this Agreement (a) consents to the personal 
jurisdiction of the state and federal courts having  jurisdiction in
Hillsborough County, Florida, (b) stipulates  that the proper, exclusive, and
convenient venue for any legal  proceeding arising out of this Agreement is
Hillsborough  County, Florida, for state court proceedings, and the Middle 
District of Florida, Tampa Division, for federal district  court proceedings,
and (c) waives any defense, whether  asserted by a motion or pleading, that
Hillsborough County,  Florida, or the Middle District of Florida, Tampa
Division, is  an improper or inconvenient venue. With respect to any action 
concerning this Agreement that is initiated by WCAS VIII, each  party to this
Agreement (a) consents to the personal  jurisdiction of the Delaware Court of
Chancery and the federal  court for the District of Delaware, (b) stipulates
that the  proper, exclusive, and convenient venue for any legal  proceeding
arising out of this Agreement is the Delaware Court  of Chancery, for state
court proceedings, and federal court  for the District of Delaware, for
federal court proceedings,  and (c) waives any defense, whether asserted by a
motion or  pleading, that the Delaware Court of Chancery or Delaware 
federal court is an improper or inconvenient venue.   i. Amendments and
Waivers. The Parties may mutually amend any  provision of this Agreement at
any time prior to the Effective  Time of the Merger. No amendment of any
provision of this  Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in
writing  and signed by all of the Parties. No waiver of any right or  remedy
hereunder shall be valid unless the same shall be in  writing and signed by
the Party giving such waiver.   j. Severability. Any term or provision of
this Agreement that is  invalid or unenforceable in any situation in any
jurisdiction  shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the 
remaining terms and provisions hereof or the validity or  enforceability of
the offending term or provision in any other  situation or in any other
jurisdiction. If the final judgment  of a court of competent jurisdiction
declares that any term or  provision hereof is invalid or unenforceable, the
Parties  agree that the court making the determination of invalidity or 
unenforceability shall have the power to limit the term or  provision, to
delete specific words or phrases, or to replace  any invalid or unenforceable
term or provision with a term or  provision that is valid and enforceable and
that comes closest  to expressing the intention of the invalid or
unenforceable  term or provision, and this Agreement shall be enforceable
as  so modified.      [The remainder of this page is intentionally left
blank.]      -32-  33   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed
this Agreement as of the date first above written.    SHPS, INC.   
By:  ---------------------------------------------  Name: 
-------------------------------------------  Title: 
------------------------------------------    SYKES ENTERPRISES,
INCORPORATED    By:  --------------------------------------------- 
Name:  -------------------------------------------  Title: 
------------------------------------------    WELSH, CARSON, ANDERSON and
STOWE VIII, L.P.  By WCAS VIII Associates, L.L.C., General Partner   
By:  ---------------------------------------------  Name: 
-------------------------------------------  Title: 
------------------------------------------    WCAS CAPITAL PARTNERS III,
L.P.  By WCAS CP III Associates, L.L.C.,  General Partner    By: 
---------------------------------------------  Name: 
-------------------------------------------  Title: 
------------------------------------------    WCAS HEALTHCARE PARTNERS,
L.P.  By WCAS HC Partners, General Partner    By: 
---------------------------------------------  Name: 
-------------------------------------------  Title: 
------------------------------------------    John Almeida  Bruce K.
Anderson  Russell L. Carson  John Clark  Anthony J. de Nicola  Eric J.
Lee      -33-  34   D. Scott Mackesy  Thomas E. McInerney  Robert A.
Minicucci  Andrew M. Paul  Paul B. Queally  Rudolph E. Rupert  Lawrence B.
Sorrel  Sanjay Swani  Sean Traynor  Patrick J. Welsh    By: /s/ 
------------------------------------------------  Jonathan M. Rather, 
Individually and as Attorney-In-Fact   EXHIBITS  Exhibit A - Articles of
Incorporation of NewCo Exhibit B - Form of Opinion to be delivered to WCAS
VIII Exhibit C - Form of Opinion to be delivered to Parent Exhibit D -
Investor Rights Agreement                       
-34-     '

