NT and PLAN OF MERGER      Exhibit 2.1  
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   BY AND AMONG   PHONE.COM, INC.,   SILVER
MERGER SUB INC.   AND   SOFTWARE.COM, INC.   DATED AS OF AUGUST 8,
2000    TABLE OF CONTENTS    Page  ~~  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
MERGER.......................................................................
4 ARTICLE 1. THE
MERGER..............................................................................
5  SECTION 1.1 The
Merger...........................................................................
5  SECTION 1.2
Closing..............................................................................
5  SECTION 1.3 Effective
Time.......................................................................
5  SECTION 1.4 Effects of the
Merger................................................................ 6 
SECTION 1.5 Certificates of Incorporation and By-laws of the Surviving
Corporation............... 6  SECTION 1.6 Directors and
Officers...............................................................
6 ARTICLE 2. EFFECTS OF THE MERGER ON THE CAPITAL STOCK OF SOFTWARE.COM;
EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES.... 6  SECTION 2.1 Effect on Software.com Capital
Stock................................................. 6  SECTION 2.2
Exchange of Shares and
Certificates.................................................. 9  SECTION 2.3
Certain
Adjustments..................................................................
11 ARTICLE 3. REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES.......................................................... 11 
SECTION 3.1 Representations and Warranties of Phone and Merger
Sub............................... 11  SECTION 3.2 Representations and
Warranties of Software.com....................................... 24 ARTICLE
4. COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS
SECTION....................................... 37  SECTION 4.1 Conduct of
Business..................................................................
37  SECTION 4.2 No Solicitation by
Phone............................................................. 42 
SECTION 4.3 No Solicitation by
Software.com...................................................... 44 ARTICLE
5. ADDITIONAL
AGREEMENTS...................................................................
45  SECTION 5.1 Preparation of the Form S-4 and the Joint Proxy Statement;
Stockholders\' Meetings... 45  SECTION 5.2 Pooling
Letters......................................................................
46  SECTION 5.3 Access to Information;
Confidentiality............................................... 47  SECTION
5.4 Commercially Reasonable
Efforts...................................................... 47   
1      Page  ~~   SECTION 5.5 Indemnification, Exculpation and
Insurance........................................... 48  SECTION 5.6 Fees and
Expenses....................................................................
49  SECTION 5.7 Public
Announcements.................................................................
49  SECTION 5.8
Affiliates...........................................................................
50  SECTION 5.9 Nasdaq
Listing.......................................................................
50  SECTION 5.10 Tax and Accounting
Treatment........................................................ 50  SECTION
5.11 Post-Merger
Operations.............................................................. 51 
SECTION 5.12 Conveyance
Taxes.................................................................... 51 
SECTION 5.13 Employee
Benefits...................................................................
51  SECTION 5.14 Consents of
Accountants............................................................. 51 
SECTION 5.15 Phone Board and
Officers............................................................ 51 
SECTION 5.16 Rights
Plans........................................................................
52  SECTION 5.17 Action by Board of
Directors........................................................ 52 ARTICLE
6. CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT....................................................................
52  SECTION 6.1 Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect The
Merger........................... 52  SECTION 6.2 Conditions to Obligations
of Software.com............................................ 53  SECTION 6.3
Conditions to Obligations of Phone and Merger
Sub.................................... 54 ARTICLE 7. TERMINATION, AMENDMENT
AND WAIVER....................................................... 55  SECTION
7.1
Termination..........................................................................
55  SECTION 7.2 Effect of
Termination................................................................
56  SECTION 7.3
Amendment............................................................................
59  SECTION 7.4 Extension;
Waiver....................................................................
59 ARTICLE 8. GENERAL
PROVISIONS......................................................................
59  SECTION 8.1 Nonsurvival of Representations and
Warranties........................................ 59  SECTION 8.2
Notices..............................................................................
59  SECTION 8.3
Definitions..........................................................................
60  SECTION 8.4
Interpretation.......................................................................
61  SECTION 8.5
Counterparts.........................................................................
62  SECTION 8.6 Entire Agreement; No Third-Party
Beneficiaries....................................... 62  SECTION 8.7
Governing
Law........................................................................
62    2      Page  ~~   SECTION 8.8
Assignment...........................................................................
62  SECTION 8.9 Consent to
Jurisdiction..............................................................
62  SECTION 8.10 Headings,
etc.......................................................................
62  SECTION 8.11
Severability........................................................................
62   EXHIBITS  EXHIBIT A-- Form of Phone Stock Option Agreement EXHIBIT
B-- Form of Software.com Stock Option Agreement EXHIBIT C-- Form of
Software.com Voting Agreement EXHIBIT D-- Form of Phone Voting
Agreement EXHIBIT E-- Form of Software.com Affiliate Letter EXHIBIT F-- Form
of Phone Affiliate Letter EXHIBIT G-- Form of Strategic Alliance MOU EXHIBIT
H-- Form of Software.com Special Affiliate Letter   3    AGREEMENT AND
PLAN OF MERGER   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER dated as of August 8, 2000, by
and among PHONE.COM, INC., a Delaware corporation ("Phone"), SILVER MERGER
SUB INC., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Phone
("Merger Sub") and SOFTWARE.COM, INC., a Delaware corporation
("Software.com").   W I T N E S S E T H:   WHEREAS, the Boards of
Directors of Phone and Software.com deem it advisable and in the best
interests of each corporation and its respective stockholders that Phone and
Software.com engage in a business combination in a merger of equals in order
to advance the long-term strategic business interests of Phone and
Software.com; and   WHEREAS, in furtherance thereof, the Boards of Directors
of each of Phone, Merger Sub and Software.com have approved this Agreement
and the merger of Merger Sub with and into Software.com with Software.com
continuing as the surviving corporation (the "Merger") and have deemed the
Merger advisable, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in
this Agreement; and   WHEREAS, the Boards of Directors of each of Phone,
Merger Sub and Software.com, having determined that the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby are advisable and in the best interests of
its stockholders, have approved the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, the Option Agreements, the Voting Agreements and the Strategic
Alliance MOU (as such terms are hereinafter defined) in accordance with the
provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL"); and  
WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of Software.com has resolved to recommend to
Software.com\'s stockholders the approval and adoption of this Agreement, and
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth herein; and   WHEREAS, the Board of
Directors of Phone has resolved to recommend to Phone\'s stockholders the
approval of the issuance of shares of Phone Common Stock (as hereinafter
defined) pursuant to the Merger and the amendment to Phone\'s Certificate of
Incorporation to change the name of Phone as of the Effective Time to a name
to be mutually agreed upon in good faith by Phone and Software.com following
the date hereof (the "Phone Charter Amendment"); and   WHEREAS, as a
condition and inducement to the execution of this Agreement,
contemporaneously herewith Software.com and Phone will enter into a stock
option agreement (the "Phone Option Agreement") attached hereto as Exhibit A
and a stock option agreement (the "Software.com Option Agreement"
and, together with the Phone Option Agreement, the "Option Agreements")
attached hereto as Exhibit B; and   WHEREAS, as a condition and inducement
to the execution of this Agreement, contemporaneously herewith certain
stockholders of Phone will enter into a voting agreement (the "Phone Voting
Agreement") attached hereto as Exhibit C and certain stockholders of
Software.com will enter into a voting agreement (the "Software.com Voting
Agreement"   1   and together with the Phone Voting Agreement, the
"Voting Agreements") attached hereto as Exhibit D; and   WHEREAS, as a
condition and inducement to the execution of this Agreement,
contemporaneously herewith Software.com and Phone will enter into
the Reciprocal Reseller License and Services Memorandum of Understanding
(the "Strategic Alliance MOU") attached hereto as Exhibit G; and   WHEREAS,
for United States federal income tax purposes, it is intended that the Merger
shall qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of section 368(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (the "Code"), and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder and this Agreement is intended to be and
is adopted as a plan of reorganization within the meaning of section 368(a)
of the Code.   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements set forth herein, in the Option
Agreements, the Voting Agreements and the Strategic Alliance MOU the parties
agree as follows:   ARTICLE 1.   THE MERGER   SECTION 1.1 The
Merger.   Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in
this Agreement, and in accordance with the DGCL, Merger Sub shall be merged
with and into Software.com at the Effective Time (as defined in Section 1.3
hereof). Following the Effective Time, the separate corporate existence of
Merger Sub shall cease and Software.com shall continue as the surviving
corporation (the "Surviving Corporation") in the Merger and shall succeed to
and assume all the rights, privileges, immunities, properties, powers and
franchises of Merger Sub in accordance with the DGCL.   SECTION 1.2
Closing.   The closing of the Merger (the "Closing") shall take place at
10:00 a.m., California time, on a date to be specified by the parties, which
shall be no later than the second business day after satisfaction or waiver
of all of the conditions set forth in Article 6 (the "Closing Date"), at the
offices of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher and Flom LLP, 525 University Avenue,
Suite 220, Palo Alto, California 94301, unless another time, date or place is
agreed to in writing by the parties hereto.   SECTION 1.3 Effective
Time.   Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, as soon as practicable
on the Closing Date, the parties shall cause the Merger to be consummated by
filing with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the "Secretary
of State") a certificate of merger (the "Certificate of Merger") executed in
accordance with the relevant provisions of the DGCL and shall make all other
filings or recordings required under the DGCL. The Merger shall become
effective at such time as the Certificate of Merger is duly filed with the
Secretary of State, or at such subsequent   2   date or time as Phone
and Software.com shall agree and specify in the Certificate of Merger (the
time Merger becomes effective being hereinafter referred to as the "Effective
Time").   SECTION 1.4 Effects of the Merger.   The Merger shall have the
effects set forth in Section 259 of the DGCL.   SECTION 1.5 Certificates of
Incorporation and By-laws of the Surviving  Corporation.   At the Effective
Time, subject to the requirements of Section 5.5, the Certificate of
Incorporation and the by-laws of Merger Sub, as in effect immediately prior
to the Effective Time, shall be the Certificate of Incorporation and by-laws
of the Surviving Corporation, in each case until thereafter amended in
accordance with applicable law.   SECTION 1.6 Directors and Officers.  
The directors and officers of Merger Sub at the Effective Time shall, from
and after the Effective Time, be the directors and officers, respectively, of
the Surviving Corporation until their successors shall have been duly
elected or appointed or qualified or until their earlier death, resignation
or removal in accordance with the Surviving Corporation\'s Certificate of
Incorporation and by-laws.   ARTICLE 2.   EFFECTS OF THE MERGER ON THE
CAPITAL STOCK OF  SOFTWARE.COM; EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES   SECTION 2.1
Effect on Software.com Capital Stock.   As of the Effective Time of the
Merger, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the
holders of any shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of
Software.com ("Software.com Common Stock") or any shares of common stock of
Merger Sub:   (a) Conversion of Software.com Common Stock.   Each issued
and outstanding share of Software.com Common Stock (other than any shares of
Software.com Common Stock to be canceled pursuant to Section 2.1(c) hereof)
shall be converted into the right to receive 1.6105 (the "Exchange Ratio")
fully paid and nonassessable shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per
share, of Phone ("Phone Common Stock"). As of the Effective Time, all such
shares of Software.com Common Stock shall no longer be outstanding and shall
automatically be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist. As of
the Effective Time, each certificate theretofore representing shares of
Software.com Common Stock, without any action on the part of Phone,
Software.com or the holder thereof, shall be deemed to represent that number
of shares of Phone Common Stock determined by multiplying the shares of
Software.com Common Stock represented thereby by the Exchange Ratio. Each
holder of a certificate representing any shares of Software.com Common Stock
shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except the right to
receive, upon the surrender of any such certificates, certificates
representing the shares of Phone Common Stock to be issued or paid in  
3   consideration therefor upon surrender of such certificate in accordance
with Section 2.2 hereof without interest.   (b) Capital Stock of Merger
Sub.   Each issued and outstanding share of common stock, par value $0.01
per share, of Merger Sub shall be converted into one fully paid and
nonassessable share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the
Surviving Corporation.   (c) Cancellation of Treasury Shares. Each share of
Software.com Common Stock held in the treasury of Software.com, or owned by
Phone or any direct or indirect subsidiary of Software.com or Phone
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall automatically be canceled and
retired and shall cease to exist, and no consideration shall be delivered in
exchange thereof.   (d) Assumption and Conversion of Software.com
Options.   (i) As of the Effective Time, each outstanding option or
warrant to purchase Software.com Common Stock (a "Software.com Option")
issued under each Software.com Stock Plan (as defined in Section 3.2(c))
shall thereafter entitle the holder thereof to receive, upon the exercise
thereof, that number of shares of Phone Common Stock equal to the product of
(w) the number of shares of Software.com Common Stock subject to such
Software.com Option immediately prior to the Effective Time and (x) the
Exchange Ratio, at an exercise price for each full share of Phone Common
Stock subject to such Software.com Option equal to (y) the exercise price per
share of Software.com Common Stock subject to such Software.com Option
divided by (z) the Exchange Ratio, which exercise price per share shall be
rounded up to the nearest two-place decimal. The number of shares of Phone
Common Stock that may be purchased by a holder upon the exercise of
any Software.com Option shall not include any fractional share of Phone
Common Stock but shall be rounded, in the case of any Software.com Option
other than an "incentive stock option" (within the meaning of section 422 of
the Code), up and, in the case of any incentive stock option, down to the
nearest whole share, if necessary.   (ii) As of the Effective Time, Phone
shall assume in full each Software.com Option and all of the other rights and
obligations of Software.com under the Software.com Stock Plans (as defined in
Section 3.2(c)) as provided herein. Section 2.1(d)(ii) of the Software.com
Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list summarizing all Software.com Options
under all of the Software.com Stock Plans, including the term and the
exercise price of each Software.com Option. The assumption of a Software.com
Option by Phone shall not terminate or modify (except as required hereunder)
any right of first refusal, right of repurchase, vesting schedule or other
restriction on transferability relating to a Software.com Option or the stock
issuable upon the exercise thereof. Continuous employment with Software.com
shall be credited to an optionee for purposes of determining the number of
shares subject to exercise, vesting or repurchase after the Effective Time,
and the provisions in the Software.com Stock Plans and/or in any stock option
agreement evidencing the terms and conditions of any Software.com Option
relating to the exercisability of any Software.com Option upon termination of
an optionee\'s employment or service as a director shall not be deemed
triggered until such time as such optionee shall be neither an employee or
officer nor serving as a director of Phone or any subsidiary. After such
assumption, Phone shall issue, upon any partial or total exercise of any  
4   Software.com Option, in lieu of shares of Software.com Common Stock,
the number of shares of Phone Common Stock to which the holder of the
Software.com Option is entitled pursuant to this Agreement. The assumption by
Phone of Software.com Options shall not give holders of such Software.com
Options any additional benefits which they did not have immediately prior to
the Effective Time. Phone shall file with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the "SEC") as soon as practicable, and in any event within two
(2) business days, following the Effective Time a registration statement on
Form S-8 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"),
covering, to the extent applicable, the shares of Phone Common Stock to be
issued upon the exercise of Software.com Options assumed by Phone. Phone
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to qualify as soon as practicable,
and in any event within two (2) business days, after the Effective Time under
the applicable state securities laws the issuance of the shares of Phone
Common Stock to be issued upon exercise of such Software.com Options. Prior
to the Effective Time, Software.com shall make such amendments, if any, to
the Software.com Stock Plans as shall be necessary to permit such assumption
in accordance with this Section 2.1(d).   (iii) It is the intention of the
parties that, to the extent that any Software.com Option constitutes an
incentive stock option immediately prior to the Effective Time of the Merger,
such Software.com Option shall continue to qualify as an incentive stock
option to the maximum extent permitted by section 422 of the Code, and that
the assumption of Software.com Options provided by this Section 2.1(d) shall
satisfy the conditions of section 424(a) of the Code.   (e) At the
Effective Time, Phone shall assume the outstanding offering periods under the
Software.com Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "Software.com ESPP"), and all
outstanding rights to purchase shares of Software.com Common Stock under the
Software.com ESPP ("Purchase Rights") shall be converted (in accordance with
the Exchange Ratio) into rights to purchase shares of Phone Common Stock
(with the number of shares rounded down to the nearest whole share and the
purchase price as of the offering date for each offering period in effect as
of the Effective Time rounded up to the nearest whole cent). All such
converted Purchase Rights shall be assumed by Phone, and each offering period
in effect under the Software.com ESPP immediately prior to the Effective Time
shall be continued in accordance with the terms of the Software.com ESPP
until the end of such offering period. The Software.com ESPP shall terminate
or be merged into the stock purchase plan sponsored by Phone (the "Phone
ESPP") immediately following the exercise of the last assumed Purchase Right,
and no additional Purchase Rights shall be granted under the Software.com
ESPP following the Effective Time, provided that references to Software.com
in the Software.com ESPP and related documents shall mean Phone (except that
the purchase price as of the offering date for a relevant period shall be
determined with respect to the fair market value of Software.com Common Stock
on such date, as adjusted hereby). Phone shall take all corporate
action necessary to reserve for issuance a sufficient number of shares of
Phone Common Stock for issuance upon exercise of Purchase Rights under the
Software.com ESPP assumed in accordance with this Section 2.1(e). Phone
agrees that, from and after the Effective Time, Software.com employees may
participate in the Phone ESPP, subject to the terms and conditions of the
Phone ESPP; provided, however, that Phone shall amend the Phone ESPP to
provide for a special offering period that permits Software.com employees the
ability to immediately participate in the Phone ESPP after the Effective
Time, and that service with Software.com shall   5   be treated as
service with Phone for determining eligibility of Software.com\'s employees
under the Phone ESPP.   SECTION 2.2 Exchange of Shares and Certificates.  
(a) Exchange Agent. As of the Effective Time of the Merger, Phone shall
deposit with U.S. Stock Transfer Corporation or such other bank,
trust company or nationally recognized shareholder services provider as may
be designated by Phone (the "Exchange Agent"), for the benefit of the holders
of shares of Software.com Common Stock, for exchange in accordance with
this Article 2, through the Exchange Agent, certificates representing the
shares of Phone Common Stock (such shares of Phone Common Stock, together
with any dividends or distributions with respect thereto with a record date
after the Effective Time, and any cash payable in lieu of any fractional
shares of Phone Common Stock, being hereinafter referred to as the "Exchange
Fund") issuable pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof in exchange for outstanding
shares of Software.com Common Stock.   (b) Exchange Procedures. As soon as
reasonably practicable after the Effective Time, the Exchange Agent shall
mail to each holder of record of a certificate or certificates which
immediately prior to the Effective Time represented outstanding shares of
Software.com Common Stock (the "Certificates") whose shares were converted
into shares of Phone Common Stock pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof, (i) a
letter of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected,
and risk of loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery
of the Certificates to the Exchange Agent and shall be in such form and have
such other provisions as Phone may reasonably specify), and (ii) instructions
for use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates in exchange for
certificates representing shares of Phone Common Stock. Upon surrender of a
Certificate for cancellation to the Exchange Agent or to such other agent or
agents as may be appointed by Phone, together with such letter
of transmittal, duly executed, and such other documents as may reasonably
be required by the Exchange Agent, the holder of such Certificate shall be
entitled to receive in exchange therefor a certificate representing that
number of whole shares of Phone Common Stock which such holder has the right
to receive pursuant to the provisions of this Article 2, and the Certificate
so surrendered shall forthwith be canceled. In the event of a transfer of
ownership of Software.com Common Stock which is not registered in the
transfer records of Software.com, a certificate representing the proper
number of shares of Phone Common Stock may be issued to a person other than
the person in whose name the Certificate so surrendered is registered, if
such Certificate shall be properly endorsed or otherwise be in proper form
for transfer and the person requesting such issuance shall pay any transfer
or other taxes required by reason of the issuance of shares of Phone Common
Stock to a person other than the registered holder of such Certificate or
establish to the satisfaction of Phone that such tax has been paid or is not
applicable. No interest shall be paid or shall accrue on any cash payable in
lieu of any fractional shares of Phone Common Stock.   (c) Distributions
with Respect to Unexchanged Shares. No dividends or other distributions with
respect to Phone Common Stock with a record date after the Effective Time
shall be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered Certificate with respect to
the shares of Phone Common Stock represented thereby, and no cash payment in
lieu of fractional shares shall be paid to any such holder pursuant to
Section 2.2(e) hereof, until the surrender of such Certificate in accordance
with this Article 2. Subject to the effect of applicable laws, following
surrender of   6   any such Certificate, there shall be paid to the
holder of the certificate representing whole shares of Phone Common Stock
issued in exchange therefor, without interest, (i) at the time of such
surrender, the amount of any cash payable in lieu of a fractional share of
Phone Common Stock to which such holder is entitled pursuant to Section
2.2(e) and the amount of dividends or other distributions with a record date
after the Effective Time theretofore paid with respect to such whole shares
of Phone Common Stock, and (ii) at the appropriate payment date, the amount
of dividends or other distributions with a record date after the Effective
Time but prior to such surrender and a payment date subsequent to such
surrender payable with respect to such whole shares of Phone Common
Stock.   (d) No Further Ownership Rights in Software.com Common Stock.
All shares of Phone Common Stock issued upon the surrender for exchange
of Certificates in accordance with the terms of this Article 2 (including any
cash paid pursuant to Section 2.2(c) or 2.2(e) hereof) shall be deemed to
have been issued (and paid) in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to
the shares of Software.com Common Stock theretofore represented by such
Certificates, subject, however, to the obligation of the Surviving
Corporation, as applicable, to pay any dividends or make any other
distributions with a record date prior to the Effective Time which may have
been declared or made by Software.com on such shares of Software.com Common
Stock in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and which remain unpaid
at the Effective Time, and there shall be no further registration of
transfers on the stock transfer books of the Surviving Corporation of the
shares of Software.com Common Stock which were outstanding immediately prior
to the Effective Time. If, after the Effective Time, Certificates are
presented to the Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent for any reason,
they shall be canceled and exchanged as provided in this Article 2, except as
otherwise provided by law.   (e) Fractional Shares.   (i) No certificates
representing fractional shares of Phone Common Stock shall be issued upon the
surrender for exchange of Certificates, and such fractional share interests
shall not entitle the owner thereof to vote or to any other rights of a
stockholder of Phone.   (ii) Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement, each holder of shares of Software.com Common Stock converted
pursuant to the Merger who would otherwise have been entitled to receive a
fraction of a share of Phone Common Stock (after taking into account all
Certificates delivered by such holder) shall receive, in lieu thereof, cash
(without interest) in an amount equal to (i) such fraction multiplied by (ii)
the average of the closing price of a share of Software.com Common Stock for
the ten (10) most recent trading days that Software.com Common Stock has
traded ending on the trading day immediately prior to the Effective Time, as
reported on the Nasdaq National Market.   (f) Termination of Exchange Fund.
Any portion of the Exchange Fund which remains undistributed to the holders
of the Certificates for six (6) months after the Effective Time shall be
delivered to Phone, upon demand, and any holders of the Certificates who have
not theretofore complied with this Article 2 shall thereafter look only to
Phone for payment of their claim for Phone Common Stock, any cash in lieu of
fractional shares of Phone Common Stock and any dividends or distributions
with respect to Phone Common Stock.   7    (g) No Liability. None of
Phone, Merger Sub, Software.com or the Exchange Agent shall be liable to any
person in respect of any shares of Phone Common Stock (or dividends or
distributions with respect thereto) or cash from the Exchange Fund delivered
to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat
or similar law. If any Certificates shall not have been surrendered prior to
seven (7) years after the Effective Time, or immediately prior to such
earlier date on which any shares of Phone Common Stock, any cash in lieu of
fractional shares of Phone Common Stock or any dividends or distributions
with respect to Phone Common Stock in respect of such Certificate would
otherwise escheat to or become the property of any Governmental Entity, any
such shares, cash, dividends or distributions in respect of such Certificate
shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, become the property of the
Surviving Corporation, free and clear of all claims or interest of any person
previously entitled thereto.   (h) Investment of Exchange Fund. The Exchange
Agent shall invest any cash included in the Exchange Fund, as directed by
Phone, on a daily basis. Any interest and other income resulting from such
investments shall be paid to Phone.   SECTION 2.3 Certain Adjustments.  
If between the date hereof and the Effective Time, the outstanding shares of
Software.com Common Stock or Phone Common Stock shall be changed into a
different number of shares by reason of any
reclassification, recapitalization, split-up, combination or exchange of
shares, or any dividend payable in stock or other securities shall be
declared thereon with a record date within such period, the Exchange Ratio
shall be adjusted accordingly to provide to the holders of Software.com
Common Stock the same economic effect as contemplated by this Agreement prior
to such reclassification, recapitalization, split-up, combination, exchange
or dividend.   ARTICLE 3.   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES   SECTION 3.1
Representations and Warranties of Phone and Merger Sub.   Phone and Merger
Sub represent and warrant to Software.com, subject to such exceptions as are
disclosed in writing in the disclosure letter supplied by Phone to
Software.com dated as of the date hereof (the "Phone Disclosure Schedule"),
which disclosure shall provide an exception to or otherwise qualify the
representations, warranties or covenants of Phone and Merger Sub contained in
the section of this Agreement corresponding by number to such disclosure
or covenant and the other representations, warranties and covenants herein to
the extent such disclosure shall reasonably appear to be applicable to such
other representations, warranties or covenants as follows:   (a)
Organization, Standing and Corporate Power.   (i) Each of Phone and its
subsidiaries (as defined in Section 8.3) is a corporation or other legal
entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing (with respect to
jurisdictions which recognize such concept) under the laws of the
jurisdiction in which it is organized and has the requisite corporate or
other power, as the case may be, and authority   8   to carry on its
business as now being conducted, except, as to subsidiaries, for those
jurisdictions where the failure to be so organized, existing or in
good standing individually or in the aggregate would not have a material
adverse effect (as defined in Section 8.3) on Phone. Each of Phone and its
subsidiaries is duly qualified or licensed to do business and is in good
standing (with respect to jurisdictions which recognize such concept) in each
jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or the ownership, leasing or
operation of its properties makes such qualification or licensing necessary,
except for those jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified or
licensed or to be in good standing individually or in the aggregate would not
have a material adverse effect on Phone.   (ii) Phone and Merger Sub have
delivered to or made available to Software.com prior to the execution of this
Agreement complete and correct copies of any amendments to the certificate of
incorporation of Phone (the "Phone Certificate"), the certificate of
incorporation of Merger Sub and the by- laws of Phone and Merger Sub not
filed as of the date hereof with the Phone Filed SEC Documents (as defined in
Section 3.1(g)).   (b) Subsidiaries. Exhibit 21 to Phone\'s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1999, includes all the
subsidiaries of Phone which as of the date of this Agreement are Significant
Subsidiaries (as defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X of the SEC). All the
outstanding shares of capital stock of, or other equity interests in, each
such Significant Subsidiary have been validly issued and are fully paid and
nonassessable and are owned directly or indirectly by Phone, free and clear
of all pledges, claims, liens, charges, encumbrances and security interests
of any kind or nature whatsoever (collectively, "Liens") and free of any
other restriction (including any restriction on the right to vote, sell or
otherwise dispose of such capital stock or other ownership interests).  
(c) Capital Structure.   The authorized capital stock of Phone consists of
250,000,000 shares of Phone Common Stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, par value $0.001 per share ("Phone Preferred Stock"). At the close of
business on July 31, 2000, (i) 82,997,462 shares of Phone Common Stock were
issued and outstanding; (ii) 908,334 shares were issued and held by Phone in
its treasury; (iii) no shares of Phone Preferred Stock were issued and
outstanding; (iv) 27,700,417 shares of Phone Common Stock were reserved for
issuance pursuant to all stock option, restricted stock or other stock-based
compensation, benefits or savings plans, agreements or arrangements in which
current or former employees or directors of Phone or its subsidiaries
participate as of the date hereof, complete and correct copies of which, in
each case as amended as of the date hereof, have been filed as exhibits to
the Phone Filed SEC Documents (as defined below) or delivered to Software.com
(such plans, collectively, the "Phone Stock Plans"); (v) 18,105 shares of
Phone Common Stock were reserved for issuance upon the exercise of
outstanding warrants; and (vi) 250,000 shares of Phone Preferred Stock will
be designated as Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, all of which
will be reserved for issuance upon exercise of preferred stock
purchase rights (the "Phone Rights") issuable pursuant to the Rights
Agreement approved by the board of directors of Phone in connection with its
approval of this Agreement and to be entered into no later than ten (10) days
following the date hereof substantially in the form previously provided to
Software.com (the "Phone Rights Agreement"). The authorized capital stock of
Merger Sub consists of 100 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share
of which 100 shares are issued and outstanding. Phone is the sole stockholder
of   9   Merger Sub and is the legal and beneficial owner of all 100
issued and outstanding shares. Merger Sub was formed by Phone on July 31,
2000, solely for the purpose of effecting the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Except as contemplated by this
Agreement, Merger Sub does not hold nor has it held any material assets or
incurred any material liabilities nor has Merger Sub carried on any business
activities other than in connection with the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. All outstanding shares of
capital stock of Phone and Merger Sub are, and all shares of capital stock of
Phone which may be issued pursuant to the Phone Stock Plans will be, when
issued, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and not
subject to preemptive rights. Except as set forth in this Section 3.1(c) and
except for changes since June 30, 2000, resulting from the issuance of shares
of Phone Common Stock pursuant to the Phone Options or as expressly permitted
by this Agreement, (x) there are not issued, reserved for issuance or
outstanding (A) any shares of capital stock or other voting securities of
Phone, (B) any securities of Phone or any Phone subsidiary convertible into
or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of capital stock or voting
securities of Phone, (C) any warrants, calls, options or other rights
to acquire from Phone or any Phone subsidiary (including any subsidiary
trust), or obligations of Phone or any Phone subsidiary to issue, any capital
stock, voting securities or securities convertible into or exchangeable or
exercisable for capital stock or voting securities of Phone, and (y) there
are no outstanding obligations of Phone or any Phone subsidiary to
repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any such securities or to issue,
deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, any such
securities. Neither Phone nor any Phone subsidiary is a party to any
agreement restricting the purchase or transfer of, relating to the voting of,
requiring registration of, or granting any preemptive or, except as provided
by the terms of the Phone Options, antidilutive rights with respect to, any
securities of the type referred to in the two preceding sentences. Other than
the Phone subsidiaries, Phone does not directly or indirectly
beneficially own any securities or other beneficial ownership interests in
any other entity except for non-controlling investments made in the ordinary
course of business in entities which are not individually or in the aggregate
material to Phone and its subsidiaries as a whole.   (d) Authority; Non-
contravention.   Each of Phone and Merger Sub has all requisite corporate
power and authority to enter into this Agreement, and Phone has all requisite
corporate power and authority to enter into the Option Agreements and,
subject to the Phone Stockholder Approval (as defined in Section 3.1(l)), to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution
and delivery of this Agreement by Phone and Merger Sub, the execution and
delivery of the Option Agreements by Phone and the consummation by Phone and
Merger Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly
authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Phone and Merger
Sub, subject, in the case of the Merger to the Phone Stockholder Approval.
This Agreement and the Option Agreements have been duly executed and
delivered by Phone and Merger Sub and, assuming the due authorization,
execution and delivery of each agreement to which they are parties by
Software.com constitutes (or will constitute, as the case may be) the legal,
valid and binding obligation of Phone and Merger Sub, enforceable against
Phone and Merger Sub in accordance with their terms. The execution and
delivery of this Agreement does not, and the execution and delivery of the
Option Agreements and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby and compliance with the provisions of this Agreement and
the Option Agreements will not, conflict with, or result in any violation of,
or default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give
rise to a   10   right of termination, cancellation or acceleration of
any obligation or loss of a benefit under, or result in the creation of any
Lien upon any of the properties or assets of Phone or any of its subsidiaries
or in any restriction on the conduct of Phone\'s business or operations
under, (i) the Phone Certificate or the by-laws of Phone or the comparable
organizational documents of any of its subsidiaries, (ii) any loan or credit
agreement, note, bond, mortgage, indenture, trust document, lease or other
agreement, instrument, permit, concession, franchise, license or similar
authorization applicable to Phone or any of its subsidiaries or their
respective properties or assets or (iii) subject to the governmental filings
and other matters referred to in the following sentence, any judgment, order,
decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to Phone or
any of its subsidiaries or their respective properties or assets, other than,
in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), any such conflicts, violations,
defaults, rights, losses, restrictions or Liens that individually or in the
aggregate would not (x) have a material adverse effect on Phone or
Software.com or (y) reasonably be expected to impair the ability of each of
Phone and Merger Sub to perform its obligations under this Agreement or the
Option Agreements. No consent, approval, order or authorization of, action by
or in respect of, or registration, declaration or filing with, any
federal, state, local or foreign government, any court, administrative,
regulatory or other governmental agency, commission or authority or any non-
governmental self- regulatory agency, commission or authority (a
"Governmental Entity") is required by or with respect to Phone or any of its
subsidiaries in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement
by Phone and Merger Sub, or the execution and delivery by Phone of the Option
Agreements or the consummation by Phone and Merger Sub of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby, except for (1) the filing of a pre-merger
notification and report form by Phone and Merger Sub under the Hart-Scott-
Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act") or
filings or notifications under the antitrust, competition or similar laws of
any foreign jurisdiction; (2) the filing with the SEC of (A) a proxy
statement relating to the Phone Stockholders\' Meeting (as defined in Section
5.1(b)) (such proxy statement, together with the proxy statement relating to
the Software.com Stockholders\' Meeting (as defined in Section 5.1(c)), in
each case as amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Joint Proxy
Statement"), (B) the registration statement on Form S-4 to be filed with the
SEC by Phone in connection with the issuance of Phone Common Stock in the
Merger (the "Form S-4"), and (C) such reports under Section 13(a),
13(d), 15(d) or 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
"Exchange Act"), as may be required in connection with this Agreement, the
Option Agreements and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby; (3)
the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the
State of Delaware and appropriate documents with the relevant authorities of
other states in which Phone and Merger Sub are qualified to do business and
such filings with Governmental Entities to satisfy the applicable
requirements of state securities or "blue sky" laws; and, (4) such consents,
approvals, orders or authorizations the failure of which to be made or
obtained individually or in the aggregate would not (x) have a material
adverse effect on Phone and Merger Sub or (y) reasonably be expected to
impair the ability of each of Phone and Merger Sub to perform its obligations
under this Agreement.   (e) SEC Documents; Undisclosed Liabilities.  
Phone has filed all required registration statements, prospectuses, reports,
schedules, forms, statements and other documents (including exhibits and all
other information incorporated therein) with the SEC since June 11, 1999 (the
"Phone SEC Documents"). As of their respective dates, the Phone SEC Documents
complied in all material respects with the   11   requirements of the
Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and the rules and
regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to such Phone SEC
Documents, and none of the Phone SEC Documents when filed contained any
untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading. The financial statements of Phone included in the Phone
SEC Documents comply as to form, as of their respective dates of filing with
the SEC, in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and
the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, have
been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
("GAAP") (except, in the case of unaudited statements, as permitted by Form
10-Q of the SEC) applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved
(except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and fairly present the
consolidated financial position of Phone and its consolidated subsidiaries as
of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and
cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited
statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments which are not material).
Except (i) as reflected in such financial statements or in the notes thereto
or (ii) for liabilities incurred in connection with this Agreement, the
Option Agreements or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or
(iii) for liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practices and which would not reasonably be expected to have a
material adverse effect, neither Phone nor any of its subsidiaries has any
liabilities or obligations of any nature which, individually or in the
aggregate, would have a material adverse effect on Phone.   (f) Information
Supplied.   None of the information supplied or to be supplied by Phone and
Merger Sub specifically for inclusion or incorporation by reference in (i)
the Form S-4 will, at the time the Form S-4 becomes effective under the
Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein not misleading or (ii) the Joint Proxy Statement will,
at the date it is first mailed to Phone\'s stockholders or at the time of the
Phone Stockholders\' Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they are made, not misleading. The Form S-4 and the Joint Proxy
Statement will comply as to form in all material respects with the
requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder,
except that no representation or warranty is made by Phone with respect to
statements made or incorporated by reference therein based on information
supplied by Software.com specifically for inclusion or incorporation by
reference in the Form S-4 or the Joint Proxy Statement.   (g) Absence of
Certain Changes or Events.   Except for liabilities incurred in connection
with this Agreement, the Option Agreements or the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby, and except as permitted by Section 4.1(a), since March
31, 2000, Phone and its subsidiaries have conducted their business only in
the ordinary course consistent with past practice or as disclosed in any
Phone SEC Document filed since such date and prior to the date hereof, and
there has not been (i) any material adverse change in Phone, (ii) any
declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend or other distribution
(whether in cash, stock or property) with respect to any of Phone\'s
capital   12   stock, (iii) any split, combination or reclassification of
any of Phone\'s capital stock or any issuance or the authorization of any
issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of, or in
substitution for shares of Phone\'s capital stock, except for issuances of
Phone Common Stock upon exercise or conversion of Phone Options, in each case
awarded prior to the date hereof in accordance with their present terms or
issued pursuant to Section 4.1(a), (iv) (A) any granting by Phone or any of
its subsidiaries to any current or former director, officer or other key
employee of Phone or its subsidiaries of any increase in compensation, bonus
or other benefits, except for normal increases as a result of promotions,
normal increases of base pay or target bonuses in the ordinary course of
business or as was required under any employment agreements in effect as of
March 31, 2000, (B) any granting by Phone or any of its subsidiaries to any
such current or former director, officer or key employee of any increase in
severance or termination pay, or (C) any entry by Phone or any of its
subsidiaries into, or any amendment of, any employment,
deferred compensation, consulting, severance, termination or indemnification
agreement with any such current or former director or officer, or any
material amendment of any of the foregoing with any key employee, (v) except
insofar as may have been disclosed in Phone SEC Documents filed and publicly
available prior to the date of this Agreement (as amended to the date hereof,
the "Phone Filed SEC Documents") or required by a change in GAAP, any change
in accounting methods, principles or practices by Phone materially affecting
its assets, liabilities or business, (vi) except insofar as may have been
disclosed in the Phone Filed SEC Documents, any tax election that
individually or in the aggregate would have a material adverse effect on
Phone or any of its tax attributes or any settlement or compromise of any
material income tax liability, or (vii) any action taken by Phone or any of
the Phone subsidiaries during the period from April 1, 2000, through the date
of this Agreement that, if taken during the period from the date of this
Agreement through the Effective Time, would constitute a breach of Section
4.1(a).   (h) Compliance with Applicable Laws; Litigation.   (i) Phone,
its subsidiaries and employees hold all permits, licenses, variances,
exemptions, orders, registrations and approvals of all Governmental Entities
which are required for the operation of the businesses of Phone and its
subsidiaries (the "Phone Permits"), except where the failure to have any such
Phone Permits individually or in the aggregate would not have a material
adverse effect on Phone. Except as specifically disclosed in the Phone SEC
Documents filed with the SEC prior to the date hereof, Phone and
its subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms of the Phone Permits and
all applicable laws, statutes, orders, rules, regulations, policies or
guidelines promulgated, or judgments, decisions or orders entered by any
Governmental Entity (all such laws, statutes, orders, rules, regulations,
policies, guidelines, judgments, decisions and orders, collectively,
"Applicable Laws"), relating to Phone or its business or properties, except
where the failure to be in compliance with such Applicable Laws individually
or in the aggregate would not have a material adverse effect on Phone. As of
the date of this Agreement, except as disclosed in the Phone Filed SEC
Documents, no action, demand, requirement or investigation by any
Governmental Entity and no suit, action or proceeding by any person, in each
case with respect to Phone or any of its subsidiaries or any of their
respective properties, is pending or, to the knowledge (as defined in Section
8.3(e)) of Phone, threatened, other than, in each case, those the outcome of
which individually or in the aggregate would not (A) have a material adverse
effect on Phone and Merger Sub or (B) reasonably be expected to impair the
ability of each of Phone and Merger Sub to perform its obligations under this
Agreement or the Option Agreements or prevent or materially delay the
consummation of any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.  
13    (ii) Neither Phone nor any Phone subsidiary is subject to
any outstanding order, injunction or decree which has had or, insofar as can
be reasonably foreseen, individually or in the aggregate would have, a
material adverse effect on Phone.   (i) Absence of Changes in Benefit
Plans.   Phone has delivered to Software.com or made available to
Software.com for review true and complete copies of (i) all severance and
employment agreements of Phone with directors, executive officers or key
employees, (ii) all written and material unwritten severance programs and
policies of each of Phone and each Phone subsidiary, and (iii) all plans or
arrangements of Phone and each Phone subsidiary relating to its employees
which contain change in control provisions, in each case which has not been
filed as an exhibit to a Phone Filed SEC Document. Documents made available
are identified in Section 3.1(i) of the Phone Disclosure Schedule. Since
March 31, 2000, there has not been any adoption or amendment in any material
respect by Phone or any of its subsidiaries of (A) any collective bargaining
agreement with respect to any employees of, (B) any material bonus, pension,
profit sharing, deferred compensation, incentive compensation, stock
ownership, stock purchase, stock option, phantom stock, retirement, vacation,
severance, disability, death benefit, hospitalization, medical or other plan,
arrangement or understanding providing benefits to any current or former
officers, directors or employees of, (C) any employment agreement, consulting
agreement or severance agreement with any current or former officer or
director of, or (D) any material employment agreement, consulting agreement
or severance agreement with any employee of Phone or any of its wholly owned
subsidiaries (collectively, the "Phone Benefit Plans"), or any material
change in any actuarial or other assumption used to calculate funding
obligations with respect to any Phone pension plans, or any material change
in the manner in which contributions to any Phone pension plans are made or
the basis on which such contributions are determined. Since March 31, 2000,
neither Phone nor any Phone subsidiary has amended any Phone Options or any
Phone Stock Plans to accelerate the vesting of, or release restrictions on,
awards thereunder, or to provide for such acceleration in the event of
a change in control.   (j) Benefit Plans.   (i) With respect to the Phone
Benefit Plans, no event has occurred and there exists no condition or set of
circumstances, in connection with which Phone or any of its subsidiaries
would be subject to any liability that individually or in the aggregate would
have a material adverse effect on Phone under the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), the Code or any other applicable
law.   (ii) Each Phone Benefit Plan has been administered in
accordance with its terms, except for any failures so to administer any Phone
Benefit Plan that individually or in the aggregate would not have a material
adverse effect on Phone. The Phone Benefit Plans have been operated, and are,
in compliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and all other
applicable laws and the terms of all applicable collective bargaining
agreements, except for any failures to be in such compliance that
individually or in the aggregate would not have a material adverse effect on
Phone. Each Phone Benefit Plan intended to qualify under section 401(a) of
the Code and each trust intended to qualify under section 501(a) of the Code
has either received a favorable determination, opinion or advisory letter
from the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") with respect to each such Phone
Benefit Plan as to its qualified status under the   14   Code, or has
remaining a period of time under applicable Treasury regulations or IRS
pronouncements in which to apply for such a letter and make any
amendments necessary to obtain a favorable determination, opinion or advisory
as to the qualified status of each Phone Benefit Plan. To the knowledge of
Phone, no fact or event has occurred since the date of any determination
opinion or advisory letter from the IRS which is reasonably likely to affect
adversely the qualified status of any such Phone Benefit Plan or the exempt
status of any such trust.   (iii) No Phone Benefit Plan is subject to Title
IV of ERISA or is a "multi-employer plan" within the meaning of Section 3(37)
of ERISA.   (iv) No Phone Benefit Plan provides medical benefits (whether
or not insured), with respect to current or former employees after retirement
or other termination of service (other than coverage mandated by applicable
law or benefits, the full cost of which is borne by the current or former
employee) other than individual arrangements the amounts of which are not
material.   (v) Phone has previously provided to Software.com a copy of
each collective bargaining or other labor union contract applicable to
persons employed by Phone or any of its subsidiaries to which Phone or any of
its subsidiaries is a party. No collective bargaining agreement is being
negotiated or renegotiated by Phone or any of its subsidiaries. As of the
date of this Agreement, there is no labor dispute, strike or work stoppage
against Phone or any of its subsidiaries pending or, to the knowledge of
Phone, threatened which may interfere with the respective business activities
of Phone or any of its subsidiaries, except where such dispute, strike or
work stoppage individually or in the aggregate would not have a material
adverse effect on Phone. As of the date of this Agreement, to the knowledge
of Phone, none of Phone, any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective
representatives or employees has committed any material unfair labor practice
in connection with the operation of the respective businesses of Phone or any
of its subsidiaries, and there is no material charge or complaint against
Phone or any of its subsidiaries by the National Labor Relations Board or any
comparable governmental agency pending or threatened in writing.   (vi) No
employee of Phone or any Phone subsidiary will be entitled to any material
payment, additional benefits or any acceleration of the time of payment or
vesting of any benefits under any Phone Benefit Plan as a result of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement (either alone or in conjunction
with any other event such as a termination of employment).   (vii) To the
knowledge of Phone, no material oral or written representation or commitment
with respect to any aspect of any Phone Benefit Plan has been made to
employees of Phone or any Phone subsidiaries by an authorized Phone employee
prior to the Closing Date that is not materially in accordance with the
written or otherwise preexisting terms and provisions of such Phone Benefit
Plans in effect immediately prior to the Closing Date.   (viii) Except such
as would not have a material adverse effect, there are no material unresolved
claims or disputes under the terms of, or in connection with, any Phone
Benefit Plan (other than routine undisputed claims for benefits), and no
action, legal or otherwise, has been commenced with respect to any material
claim.   15    (ix) To the knowledge of Phone, no non-exempt
"prohibited transaction" (within the meaning of section 4975(c) of the Code)
involving any Phone Benefit Plan has occurred that could subject Phone to any
material tax penalty or other cost or liability (by indemnification or
otherwise).   (x) Neither Phone nor any Phone subsidiary is obligated to
make any parachute payments as such term is defined in section 280G of the
Code, and neither is a party to any agreement that under certain
circumstances is reasonably likely to obligate it, or any successor in
interest, to make any parachute payments that will not be deductible under
section 280G of the Code. Neither Phone nor any Phone subsidiary is obligated
to make reimbursement or gross-up payments to any person in respect to excess
parachute payments.   (k) Taxes.   (i) Each of Phone and its subsidiaries
has filed all material Tax Returns required to be filed by it (taking into
account all applicable extensions) with the appropriate Tax Authority and all
such returns are true, complete, and correct in all material respects, or
requests for extensions to file such returns have been timely filed, granted,
and have not expired, except to the extent that such failures to file, to be
complete, true, or correct, or to have extensions granted that remain in
effect individually or in the aggregate would not have a material adverse
effect on Phone. Phone and each of its subsidiaries has paid (or Phone has
paid or caused to be paid on its behalf) all Taxes shown as due on such
returns, and the most recent financial statements contained in the Phone
Filed SEC Documents reflect an adequate reserve in accordance with GAAP for
all Taxes payable by Phone and its subsidiaries for all taxable periods and
portions thereof accrued through the date of such financial statements.  
(ii) No deficiencies for any Taxes have been proposed, asserted or assessed
against Phone or any of its subsidiaries that are not adequately reserved
for, except for deficiencies that individually or in the aggregate would not
have a material adverse effect on Phone. Phone and its subsidiaries have
disclosed all material deficiencies or adjustments for Taxes that have
been proposed or assessed by any Tax Authority against Phone or any of
its subsidiaries. All of the Federal income Tax Returns of the "affiliated
group" (as defined in section 1504(a) of the Code) of which Phone is the
common parent are no longer subject to any Audit by virtue of the expiration
of the applicable statutory period of limitations for the assessment of
Tax.   (iii) Neither Phone nor any of its subsidiaries has taken any action
or knows of any fact, agreement, plan or other circumstance that
is reasonably likely to prevent the Merger from qualifying as a
"reorganization" within the meaning of section 368(a) of the Code.   (iv)
No Audits are presently pending with regard to any Taxes or Tax Returns of
Phone or its subsidiaries.   (v) Neither Phone nor any of its subsidiaries
is a party to any agreement providing for the allocation, indemnification, or
sharing of Taxes.   (vi) Other than the "affiliated group" (as defined in
section 1504(a) of the Code) of which Phone is the common parent, neither
Phone nor any of its subsidiaries has been a member of any "affiliated
group."   16    (vii) There are no liens for Taxes on any of the assets
of Phone or its subsidiaries except for liens for Taxes that are not yet due
and payable and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance
with GAAP in the most recent financial statements contained in the Phone
Filed SEC Documents.   (viii) As used in this Agreement, "Audit" means any
audit, assessment, or other examination relating to Taxes by any Tax
Authority or any administrative or judicial proceedings or appeals of such
proceedings relating to Taxes. "Tax" or "Taxes" means all Federal, state,
local, and foreign taxes, and other assessments of a similar nature (whether
imposed directly or through withholding), including any interest, additions
to tax, or penalties applicable thereto, imposed by any Tax Authority. "Tax
Authority" means the Internal Revenue Service and any other domestic or
foreign governmental authority responsible for the administration of any
Taxes. "Tax Returns" mean all Federal, state, local and foreign tax returns,
declarations, statements, reports, schedules, forms, and information returns
and any amendments thereto.   (l) Voting Requirements.   The affirmative
vote at the Phone Stockholders\' Meeting (the "Phone Stockholder Approval")
of (i) the holders of a majority of all outstanding shares of Phone Common
Stock present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote at a duly convened
and held meeting of Phone stockholders to approve the issuance of shares of
Phone Common Stock pursuant to the Merger and (ii) the holders of a majority
of all outstanding shares of Phone Common Stock to approve the Phone Charter
Amendment are the only votes of the holders of any class or series of
Phone\'s capital stock necessary to adopt this Agreement and approve the
transactions contemplated hereby.   (m) State Takeover Statutes; Certificate
of Incorporation.   The Board of Directors of Phone has adopted a resolution
or resolutions approving this Agreement, the Option Agreements and the
Software.com Voting Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby and, assuming the accuracy of Software.com\'s representation and
warranty contained in Section 3.2(p), such approval constitutes approval of
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby and by the Option
Agreements and the Software.com Voting Agreement by the Phone Board of
Directors under the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL such that Section
203 of the DGCL does not apply to this Agreement, the Option Agreements, the
Software.com Voting Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby. To the knowledge of Phone, no state takeover statute other than
Section 203 of the DGCL (which has been rendered inapplicable) is applicable
to the Merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby.   (n)
Brokers.   Except for fees payable to Credit Suisse First Boston
Corporation ("CSFB") pursuant to an engagement letter, dated June 16, 2000, a
true and complete copy of which has been provided to Software.com, no broker,
investment banker, financial advisor or other person is entitled to any
broker\'s, finder\'s, financial advisor\'s or other similar fee or commission
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon
arrangements made by or on behalf of Phone or Merger Sub.   17    (o)
Opinion of Financial Advisors.   Phone has received the opinion of CSFB,
dated the date of this Agreement, to the effect that, as of such date, the
Exchange Ratio is fair from a financial point of view to Phone, a signed copy
of which opinion will be delivered to Software.com promptly after execution
of this Agreement.   (p) Ownership of Software.com Common Stock.   To the
knowledge of Phone and Merger Sub, as of the date hereof or at any time
within twelve (12) months prior to the date of this Agreement (and before
giving effect to the Software.com Option Agreement and the
Software.com Voting Agreement, which will be entered into immediately after
the execution of this Agreement), neither Phone nor, to its knowledge without
independent investigation, any of its affiliates, (i) beneficially owns (as
defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, or
(ii) is party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose
of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of, in each case, shares of
capital stock of Software.com.   (q) Intellectual Property.   (i) To the
knowledge of Phone, Phone or its subsidiaries own or have a valid right to
use all trademarks, service marks, trade names, Internet domain names,
designs, slogans, and general intangibles of like nature, together with all
applications, registrations and goodwill related to the
foregoing (collectively, "Phone Trademarks"); patents (including any
registration, continuations, continuations-in-part, renewals and applications
for any of the foregoing); copyrights (including any registrations, renewals
and applications for any of the foregoing); Phone Software (as defined
below); technology, trade secrets and other confidential information, know-
how, proprietary processes, formulae, algorithms, models, and methodologies
(collectively, "Phone Trade Secrets") used in or necessary for the conduct of
Phone\'s and each of its subsidiary\'s business as currently conducted (all
such intellectual property being referred to herein as the "Phone
Intellectual Property"), except where the failure to possess such right would
not have a material adverse effect. For purposes of this Section 3.1(q),
"Phone Software" means any and all (a) computer programs, including any and
all software implementations of algorithms, models and methodologies, whether
in source code or object code, (b) databases and compilations, including any
and all data and collections of data, whether machine readable or otherwise,
(c) descriptions, flowcharts and other work product used to design, plan,
organize and develop any of the foregoing, (d) the technology supporting any
Internet site(s) operated by or on behalf of Phone or any of its subsidiaries
and (e) all documentation, including user manuals and training materials,
relating to any of the foregoing.   (ii) The Phone Intellectual Property
owned by Phone or any of its subsidiaries is free and clear of all Liens.  
(iii) All material Intellectual Property owned by Phone or any of its
subsidiaries is valid and subsisting, in full force and effect, and has not
been canceled, has not expired, nor has it been abandoned. There is
no pending or, to Phone\'s knowledge, threatened opposition, interference
or cancellation proceeding before any court or registration authority in
any jurisdiction against any registrations in respect of the Phone
Intellectual Property (other than Phone Trademarks) owned by Phone or any of
its subsidiaries.   18    (iv) To the actual knowledge of Phone or any
of its subsidiaries, the conduct of the business of Phone and its
subsidiaries as currently conducted does not infringe upon (either directly
or indirectly such as through contributory infringement or inducement to
infringe) any intellectual property rights owned or controlled by any third
party. There are no claims or suits pending and as to which Phone has
received actual notice or, to the knowledge of Phone, threatened, and neither
Phone nor any of its subsidiaries has received any notice of a third-party
claim or suit, (a) alleging that its activities or the conduct of its
business infringes upon, violates, or constitutes the unauthorized use of the
intellectual property rights of any third party or (b) challenging the
ownership, use, validity or enforceability of any Phone Intellectual
Property, which in any case would have a material adverse effect.   (v)
There are no written settlements, forbearances to sue, consents, judgments,
or orders or similar obligations which in any material respect (a) restrict
the right of Phone or its subsidiaries to use any Phone Intellectual Property
owned by Phone, or (b) restrict the business of Phone or its subsidiaries in
order to accommodate a third party\'s intellectual property rights or (c)
except for licenses with customers for Phone Software, there are no
agreements that permit third parties to use any Phone Intellectual
Property owned or controlled by Phone or any of its subsidiaries.   (vi)
Phone and each of its subsidiaries takes reasonable measures to protect the
confidentiality of Phone Trade Secrets, including (i) requiring its employees
and independent contractors having access thereto to execute written
nondisclosure agreements and (ii) requiring all licensees to maintain the
confidentiality of Phone Trade Secrets. To the actual knowledge of Phone or
its subsidiaries, no Phone Trade Secret has been knowingly disclosed
or authorized to be disclosed to any third party other than pursuant to
a nondisclosure agreement or other appropriate instrument that adequately
protects Phone and the applicable subsidiary\'s proprietary interests in and
to such trade secrets. To the knowledge of Phone, no party to any
nondisclosure agreement or nondisclosure obligation relating to its trade
secrets is in breach or default thereof.   (vii) To the knowledge of Phone,
no third party is misappropriating, infringing, diluting, or violating any
Phone Intellectual Property owned by Phone or any of its subsidiaries other
than immaterial disputes concerning use by a third party of Phone Trademarks
of Phone or a subsidiary.   (viii) The consummation of the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall not result in the
loss or impairment of Phone\'s or of any subsidiary\'s right to own or use
any of the Phone Intellectual Property, and will not require the consent of
any governmental authority, except where such loss or impairment or the
failure to obtain consent would not result in a material adverse effect.  
(r) Certain Contracts.   Except as set forth in the Phone Filed SEC
Documents, neither Phone nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to or bound
by (i) any "material contract" (as such term is defined in Item 601(b)(10) of
Regulation S-K of the SEC), (ii) any non-competition agreement or any other
agreement or obligation which purports to limit in any material respect the
manner in which, or the localities in which, all or any material portion of
the business of Phone and its subsidiaries (including, for purposes of this
Section 3.1(r), Software.com and its subsidiaries, assuming the  
19   Merger have taken place), taken as a whole, is or would be conducted,
(iii) any exclusive supply or purchase contracts or any exclusive
requirements contracts or (iv) any contract or other agreement which would
prohibit or materially delay the consummation of the Merger or any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement (all contracts of the type
described in clauses (i) and (ii) being referred to herein as "Phone Material
Contracts"). Phone has delivered to Software.com or provided to Software.com
for review, prior to the execution of this Agreement, complete and correct
copies of all Phone Material Contracts not filed as exhibits to the Phone
Filed SEC Documents. Each Phone Material Contract is valid and binding on
Phone (or, to the extent a Phone subsidiary is a party, such subsidiary) and
is in full force and effect, and Phone and each Phone subsidiary have in all
material respects performed all obligations required to be performed by them
to date under each Phone Material Contract, except where such noncompliance,
individually or in the aggregate, would not have a material adverse effect on
Phone. Neither Phone nor any Phone subsidiary knows of, or has received
notice of, any violation or default under (nor, to the knowledge of Phone,
does there exist any condition which with the passage of time or the giving
of notice or both would result in such a violation or default under)
any Phone Material Contract.   (s) Phone Rights Agreement.   Phone has
delivered to Software.com a true, correct and complete copy of the Phone
Rights Agreement. Phone has taken all action so that the entering into of
this Agreement, the Phone Option Agreement, the Phone Voting Agreement, the
Merger, the acquisition of shares pursuant to the Phone Option Agreement
and the other transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not result in
the grant of any rights to any person under the Phone Rights Agreement or
enable or require the Phone Rights to be exercised, distributed or
triggered.   (t) Environmental Liability.   Except as set forth in the
Phone Filed SEC Documents, there are no legal, administrative, arbitral or
other proceedings, claims, actions, causes of action, private environmental
investigations or remediation activities or governmental investigations of
any nature pending or threatened against Phone or any of its subsidiaries
seeking to impose, or that could reasonably be expected to result in the
imposition of, on Phone or any of its subsidiaries, any liability or
obligation arising under common law or under any local, state or federal
environmental statute, regulation or ordinance, including,
without limitation, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation
and Liability Act of 1980, as amended ("CERCLA"), which liability or
obligation could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on
Phone. To the knowledge of Phone, there is no reasonable basis for any such
proceeding, claim, action or governmental investigation that would impose any
liability or obligation that could reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on Phone.   (u) Insurance.   Phone and each of its
subsidiaries have policies of insurance and bonds of the type and in amounts
customarily carried by persons conducting businesses or owning assets similar
to those of Phone and its subsidiaries. There is no claim pending under any
of such policies or bonds as to which coverage has been questioned, denied or
disputed by the underwriters of such policies or bonds, except questioned,
denied or disputed claims the failure to provide coverage for which would
not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material   20   adverse
effect on Phone. All premiums due and payable under all such policies and
bonds have been paid and Phone and its subsidiaries are otherwise
in compliance in all material respects with the terms of such policies and
bonds. Phone has no knowledge of any threatened termination of, or material
premium increase with respect to, any of such policies.   (v) Accounting
Matters.   As of the date hereof, to the knowledge of Phone, none of Phone,
any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective directors, officers
or stockholders, has taken any action which would prevent the accounting for
the Merger as a pooling of interests in accordance with Accounting Principles
Board Opinion No. 16 ("APB 16") and the interpretative releases pursuant
thereto and the pronouncements of the SEC.   (w) Transactions with
Affiliates.   Except as disclosed in the Phone SEC Documents filed prior to
the date of this Agreement or as disclosed in the Phone Disclosure Schedule,
since June 30, 1999, there have been no transactions, agreements,
arrangements or understandings between Phone and its affiliates that would be
required to be disclosed under the Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the
Securities Act.   (x) Full Disclosure.   None of the representations or
warranties made by Phone or Merger Sub herein or in any schedule hereto,
including the Phone Disclosure Schedule, or any certificate furnished by
Phone or Merger Sub pursuant to this Agreement, contains or will contain at
the Effective Time any untrue statement of a material fact, or omits or will
omit at the Effective Time, to state any material fact necessary in order to
make the statements contained herein or therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which made, not misleading.   SECTION 3.2
Representations and Warranties of Software.com.   Software.com represents
and warrants to Phone and Merger Sub, subject to such exceptions as are
disclosed in writing in the disclosure letter supplied by Software.com to
Phone dated as of the date hereof (the "Software.com Disclosure Schedule"),
which disclosure shall provide an exception to or otherwise qualify the
representations, warranties or covenants of Software.com contained in the
section of this Agreement corresponding by number to such disclosure or
covenant and the other representations, warranties and covenants herein to
the extent such disclosure shall reasonably appear to be applicable to such
other representations, warranties or covenants as follows:   (a)
Organization, Standing and Corporate Power.   (i) Each of Software.com and
its subsidiaries (as defined in Section 8.3) is a corporation or other legal
entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing (with respect to
jurisdictions which recognize such concept) under the laws of the
jurisdiction in which it is organized and has the requisite corporate or
other power, as the case may be, and authority to carry on its business as
now being conducted, except, as to subsidiaries, for those jurisdictions
where the failure to be so organized, existing or in good standing
individually or in   21   the aggregate would not have a material adverse
effect (as defined in Section 8.3(b)) on Software.com. Each of Software.com
and its subsidiaries is duly qualified or licensed to do business and is in
good standing (with respect to jurisdictions which recognize such concept) in
each jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or the ownership,
leasing or operation of its properties makes such qualification or licensing
necessary, except for those jurisdictions where the failure to be so
qualified or licensed or to be in good standing individually or in the
aggregate would not have a material adverse effect on Software.com.   (ii)
Software.com has delivered to Phone prior to the execution of this Agreement
complete and correct copies of any amendments to its Certificate of
Incorporation (the "Software.com Certificate") and by-laws not filed as of
the date hereof with the Software.com SEC Documents (as defined in Section
3.2(e)).   (b) Subsidiaries.   Exhibit 21 to Software.com\'s Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999, includes all the
subsidiaries of Software.com which as of the date of this Agreement are
Significant Subsidiaries (as defined in Rule 102 of Regulation S-X of the
SEC). All the outstanding shares of capital stock of, or other equity
interests in, each such Significant Subsidiary have been validly issued and
are fully paid and nonassessable and are owned directly or indirectly by
Software.com, free and clear of all Liens and free of any other restriction
(including any restriction on the right to vote, sell or otherwise dispose of
such capital stock or other ownership interests).   (c) Capital
Structure.   The authorized capital stock of Software.com consists of
150,000,000 shares of Software.com Common Stock, and 5,000,000 shares of
preferred stock, without par value ("Software.com Preferred Stock"). At the
close of business on July 31, 2000: (i) 48,866,633 shares of Software.com
Common Stock were issued and outstanding; (ii) 52,698 shares of Software.com
Common Stock were held by Software.com in its treasury; (iii) no shares of
Software.com Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding; (iv) 8,817,838
shares of Software.com Common Stock were reserved for issuance pursuant to
all stock option, restricted stock or other stock-based compensation,
benefits or savings plans, agreements or arrangements in which current or
former employees or directors of Software.com or its subsidiaries participate
as of the date hereof, complete and correct copies of which, in each case as
amended as of the date hereof, have been filed as exhibits to the
Software.com Filed SEC Documents or delivered to Phone (such plans,
collectively, the "Software.com Stock Plans"), (v) 850,000 shares
of Software.com Common Stock were reserved for issuance pursuant to options
outside the Software.com Stock Plans; and (vi) 146,721 shares of Software.com
Common Stock were reserved for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding
warrants and (vii) 155,000 shares of Software.com Preferred Stock will be
designated as Series A Participating Preferred Stock all of which will be
reserved for issuance upon the exercise of preferred stock purchase rights
(the "Software.com Rights") issued pursuant to the Rights Agreement approved
by the board of directors of Software.com in connection with its approval of
this Agreement and to be entered into no later than ten (10) days following
the date hereof substantially in the form previously provided to Phone (the
"Software.com Rights Agreement"). All outstanding shares of capital stock of
Software.com are, and all shares which may be issued as permitted by this
Agreement or   22   otherwise will be, when issued, duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and not subject to preemptive
rights. Except as set forth in this Section 3.2(c), and except for changes
since March 31, 2000, resulting from the issuance of shares of Software.com
Common Stock pursuant to the Software.com Options or as expressly permitted
by this Agreement, (x) there are not issued, reserved for issuance or
outstanding (A) any shares of capital stock or other voting securities of
Software.com, (B) any securities of Software.com or any Software.com
subsidiary convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of
capital stock or voting securities of Software.com, (C) any warrants, calls,
options or other rights to acquire from Software.com or any
Software.com subsidiary, and any obligation of Software.com or any
Software.com subsidiary to issue, any capital stock, voting securities or
securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for capital stock
or voting securities of Software.com, and (y) there are no outstanding
obligations of Software.com or any Software.com subsidiary to repurchase,
redeem or otherwise acquire any such securities or to issue, deliver or sell,
or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, any such securities. Neither
Software.com nor any Software.com subsidiary is a party to any agreement
restricting the purchase or transfer of, relating to the voting of, requiring
registration of, or granting any preemptive or, except as provided by the
terms of the Software.com Options, antidilutive rights with respect to, any
securities of the type referred to in the two preceding sentences. Other than
the Software.com subsidiaries, Software.com does not directly or indirectly
beneficially own any securities or other beneficial ownership interests in
any other entity except for non-controlling investments made in the ordinary
course of business in entities which are not individually or in the aggregate
material to Software.com and its subsidiaries as a whole.   (d) Authority;
Non-contravention.   Software.com has all requisite corporate power and
authority to enter into this Agreement and the Option Agreements. Subject to
the Software.com Stockholder Approval (as defined in Section 3.2(l)),
Software.com has all requisite corporate power and authority to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Option Agreements.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Option Agreements by
Software.com and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the
part of Software.com, subject in the case of the Merger, to the Software.com
Stockholder Approval. This Agreement and the Option Agreements have been duly
executed and delivered by Software.com and, assuming the due authorization,
execution and delivery thereof by Phone and Merger Sub, constitute (or will
constitute, as the case may be) the legal, valid and binding obligation of
Software.com enforceable against Software.com in accordance with their terms.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement does not, and the execution and
delivery of the Option Agreements and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby and compliance with the provisions of this
Agreement and the Option Agreements will not, conflict with, or result in any
violation of, or default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both)
under, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration
of any obligation or loss of a benefit under, or result in the creation of
any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of Software.com or any of its
subsidiaries or any restriction on the conduct of Software.com\'s business or
operations under, (i) the Software.com Certificate or the by-laws of
Software.com or the comparable organizational documents of any of its
subsidiaries, (ii) any loan or credit agreement, note, bond,
mortgage, indenture, trust document, lease or other agreement, instrument,
permit, concession, franchise, license or similar authorization applicable
to Software.com or any of its subsidiaries or their   23   respective
properties or assets or (iii) subject to the governmental filings and other
matters referred to in the following sentence, any judgment, order, decree,
statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to Software.com or any
of its subsidiaries or their respective properties or assets, other than, in
the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), any such conflicts, violations,
defaults, rights, losses, restrictions or Liens that individually or in the
aggregate would not (x) have a material adverse effect on Software.com or (y)
reasonably be expected to impair the ability of Software.com to perform its
obligations under this Agreement or the Option Agreements. No consent,
approval, order or authorization of, action by, or in respect of, or
registration, declaration or filing with, any Governmental Entity is required
by or with respect to Software.com or any of its subsidiaries in connection
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the Option Agreements by
Software.com or the consummation by Software.com of the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby, except for (1) the filing of a pre-merger
notification and report form by Software.com under the HSR Act or filings or
notifications under the antitrust, competition or similar laws of any foreign
jurisdiction; (2) the filing with the SEC of (A) the Joint Proxy Statement
relating to the Software.com Stockholders\' Meeting and (B) such reports
under Section 13(a), 13(d), 15(d) or 16(a) of the Exchange Act as may be
required in connection with this Agreement and the Option Agreements and the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby; (3) the filing of the
Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
and appropriate documents with the relevant authorities of other states in
which Software.com is qualified to do business; and (4) such
consents, approvals, orders or authorizations the failure of which to be made
or obtained individually or in the aggregate would not (x) have a material
adverse effect on Software.com or (y) reasonably be expected to impair the
ability of Software.com to perform its obligations under this Agreement.  
(e) SEC Documents; Undisclosed Liabilities.   Software.com has filed all
required registration statements, prospectuses, reports, schedules, forms,
statements and other documents (including exhibits and all other information
incorporated therein) with the SEC since June 29, 1999 (the "Software.com SEC
Documents"). As of their respective dates, the Software.com SEC Documents
complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act
or the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and the rules and regulations of the
SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to such Software.com SEC Documents, and
none of the Software.com SEC Documents when filed contained any untrue
statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The
financial statements of Software.com included in the Software.com SEC
Documents comply as to form, as of their respective dates of filing with the
SEC, in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the
published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, have been
prepared in accordance with GAAP (except, in the case of unaudited
statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC) applied on a consistent
basis during the periods involved (except as may be indicated in the notes
thereto) and fairly present the consolidated financial position
of Software.com and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and
the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods
then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end
audit adjustments which are not material). Except (i) as reflected in such
financial statements or in the notes thereto or (ii) for liabilities incurred
in connection with this Agreement, the Option Agreements or the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or (iii) for liabilities
incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices
and which would not reasonably be   24   expected to have a material
adverse effect, neither Software.com nor any of its subsidiaries has any
liabilities or obligations of any nature which, individually or in the
aggregate, would have a material adverse effect on Software.com.   (f)
Information Supplied.   None of the information supplied or to be supplied
by Software.com specifically for inclusion or incorporation by reference in
(i) the Form S-4 will, at the time the Form S-4 becomes effective under the
Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein not misleading or (ii) the Joint Proxy Statement will,
at the date it is first mailed to Software.com\'s stockholders or at the time
of the Software.com Stockholders\' Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. The Joint Proxy
Statement and the Form S-4 will comply as to form in all material respects
with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the
rules and regulations thereunder, except that no representation or warranty
is made by Software.com with respect to statements made or incorporated by
reference therein based on information supplied by Phone specifically for
inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Joint Proxy Statement or the
Form S-4.   (g) Absence of Certain Changes or Events.   Except for
liabilities incurred in connection with this Agreement, the Option Agreements
or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, and except as permitted
by Section 4.1(b), since March 31, 2000, Software.com and its subsidiaries
have conducted their business only in the ordinary course consistent with
past practice or as disclosed in any Software.com SEC Document filed since
such date and prior to the date hereof, and there has not been (i) any
material adverse change (as defined in Section 8.3(b)) in Software.com,
(ii) any declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend or other
distribution (whether in cash, stock or property) with respect to any of the
capital stock of Software.com or any of its subsidiaries, (iii) any split,
combination or reclassification of any of the capital stock of Software.com
or any of its subsidiaries or any issuance or the authorization of any
issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution
for shares of the capital stock of Software.com or any of its subsidiaries,
except for issuances of Software.com Common Stock upon exercise or conversion
of Software.com Options, in each case awarded prior to the date hereof in
accordance with their present terms or issued pursuant to Section 4.1(b),
(iv) (A) any granting by Software.com or any of its subsidiaries to any
current or former director, officer or other key employee of Software.com or
its subsidiaries of any increase in compensation, bonus or other benefits,
except for normal increases as a result of promotions, normal increases of
base pay or target bonuses in the ordinary course of business or as was
required under any employment agreements in effect as of March 31, 2000, (B)
any granting by Software.com or any of its subsidiaries to any such current
or former director, officer or key employee of any increase in severance or
termination pay, or (C) any entry by Software.com or any of its subsidiaries
into, or any amendment of, any employment, deferred compensation, consulting,
severance, termination or indemnification agreement with any such current or
former director, officer, or any material amendment of any of the foregoing
with any key employee, (v) except insofar as may have been disclosed in
Software.com SEC Documents filed and publicly available prior to the date of
this   25   Agreement (as amended to the date hereof, the "Software.com
Filed SEC Documents") or required by a change in GAAP, any change in
accounting methods, principles or practices by Software.com materially
affecting its assets, liabilities or business, (vi) except insofar as may
have been disclosed in the Software.com Filed SEC Documents, any tax election
that individually or in the aggregate would have a material adverse effect on
Software.com or any of its tax attributes or any settlement or compromise of
any material income tax liability or (vii) any action taken by Software.com
or any of the Software.com subsidiaries during the period from April 1, 2000,
through the date of this Agreement that, if taken during the period from the
date of this Agreement through the Effective Time, would constitute a breach
of Section 4.1(b).   (h) Compliance with Applicable Laws; Litigation.  
(i) Software.com, its subsidiaries and employees hold all permits, licenses,
variances, exemptions, orders, registrations and approvals of all
Governmental Entities which are required for the operation of the
businesses of Software.com and its subsidiaries (the "Software.com Permits")
except where the failure to have any such Software.com Permits individually
or in the aggregate would not have a material adverse effect on Software.com.
Except as specifically disclosed in the Software.com SEC Documents filed with
the SEC prior to the date hereof, Software.com and its subsidiaries are in
compliance with the terms of the Software.com Permits and all Applicable Laws
relating to Software.com and its subsidiaries or their respective business or
properties, except where the failure to be in compliance with such Applicable
Laws individually or in the aggregate would not have a material adverse
effect on Software.com. As of the date of this Agreement, except as disclosed
in the Software.com Filed SEC Documents, no action, demand, requirement
or investigation by any Governmental Entity and no suit, action or proceeding
by any person, in each case with respect to Software.com or any of its
subsidiaries or any of their respective properties, is pending or, to the
knowledge of Software.com, threatened, other than, in each case, those the
outcome of which individually or in the aggregate would not (A) have a
material adverse effect on Software.com or (B) reasonably be expected to
impair the ability of Software.com to perform its obligations under this
Agreement or the Option Agreements or prevent or materially delay the
consummation of any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.  
(ii) Neither Software.com nor any Software.com subsidiary is subject to any
outstanding order, injunction or decree which has had or, insofar as can be
reasonably foreseen, individually or in the aggregate would have, a material
adverse effect on Software.com.   (i) Absence of Changes in Benefit
Plans.   Software.com has delivered to Phone or made available to Phone
for review true and complete copies of (i) all severance and employment
agreements of Software.com with directors, executive officers or key
employees, (ii) all written and material unwritten severance programs and
policies of each of Software.com and each Software.com subsidiary, and (iii)
all plans or arrangements of Software.com and each Software.com subsidiary
relating to its employees which contain change in control provisions, in each
case which has not been filed as an exhibit to a Software.com Filed SEC
Document. Documents made available are identified in Section 3.2(i) of the
Software.com Disclosure Schedule. Since March 31, 2000, there has not been
any adoption or amendment in any material respect by Software.com or any of
its subsidiaries of any (A) collective bargaining agreement with respect to
any employees of, (B)   26   any material bonus, pension, profit sharing,
deferred compensation, incentive compensation, stock ownership, stock
purchase, stock option, phantom stock, retirement, vacation, severance,
disability, death benefit, hospitalization, medical or other plan,
arrangement or understanding providing benefits to any current or former
officers, directors or employees of, (C) any employment agreement, consulting
agreement or severance agreement with any current or former officer or
director of, or (D) any material employment agreement, consulting agreement
or severance agreement with any employee of Software.com or any of its wholly
owned subsidiaries (collectively, the "Software.com Benefit Plans"), or any
material change in any actuarial or other assumption used to calculate
funding obligations with respect to any Software.com pension plans, or any
material change in the manner in which contributions to any
Software.com pension plans are made or the basis on which such contributions
are determined. Since March 31, 2000, neither Software.com nor any
Software.com subsidiary has amended any Software.com Options or any
Software.com Stock Plans to accelerate the vesting of, or release
restrictions on, awards thereunder, or to provide for such acceleration in
the event of a change in control.   (j) Benefit Plans.   (i) With respect
to the Software.com Benefit Plans, no event has occurred and there exists no
condition or set of circumstances, in connection with which Software.com or
any of its subsidiaries would be subject to any liability that individually
or in the aggregate could have a material adverse effect on Software.com
under ERISA, the Code or any other applicable law.   (ii) Each Software.com
Benefit Plan has been administered in accordance with its terms, except for
any failures so to administer any Software.com Benefit Plan that individually
or in the aggregate would not have a material adverse effect on Software.com.
The Software.com Benefit Plans have been operated, and are, in compliance
with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and all other applicable
laws and the terms of all applicable collective bargaining agreements, except
for any failures to be in such compliance that individually or in the
aggregate would not have a material adverse effect on Software.com. Each
Software.com Benefit Plan intended to qualify under section 401(a) of the
Code and each trust intended to qualify under section 501(a) of the Code has
received either a favorable determination, opinion or advisory letter from
the IRS with respect to each such Software.com Benefit Plan as to its
qualified status under the Code, or has remaining a period of time under
applicable Treasury regulations or IRS pronouncements in which to apply for
such a letter and make any amendments necessary to obtain a favorable
determination, opinion or advisory as to the qualified status of
each Software.com Benefit Plan. To the knowledge of Software.com, no fact or
event has occurred since the date of any determination letter from the IRS
which is reasonably likely to affect adversely the qualified status of any
such Software.com Benefit Plan or the exempt status of any such trust.  
(iii) No Software.com Benefit Plan is subject to Title IV of ERISA or is a
"multi-employer plan" within the meaning of Section 3(37) of ERISA.   (iv)
No Software.com Benefit Plan provides medical benefits (whether or not
insured), with respect to current or former employees after retirement or
other termination of service (other than coverage mandated by applicable law
or benefits, the full cost of which is   27   borne by the current or
former employee) other than individual arrangements the amounts of which are
not material.   (v) Software.com has previously provided to Phone a copy of
each collective bargaining or other labor union contract applicable to
persons employed by Software.com or any of its subsidiaries to which
Software.com or any of its subsidiaries is a party. No collective bargaining
agreement is being negotiated or renegotiated by Software.com or any of its
subsidiaries. As of the date of this Agreement, there is no labor dispute,
strike or work stoppage against Software.com or any of its subsidiaries
pending or, to the knowledge of Software.com, threatened which may interfere
with the respective business activities of Software.com or any of its
subsidiaries, except where such dispute, strike or work stoppage individually
or in the aggregate would not have a material adverse effect on Software.com.
As of the date of this Agreement, to the knowledge of Software.com, none of
Software.com, any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective
representatives or employees has committed any material unfair labor practice
in connection with the operation of the respective businesses of Software.com
or any of its subsidiaries, and there is no material charge or complaint
against Software.com or any of its subsidiaries by the National Labor
Relations Board or any comparable governmental agency pending or threatened
in writing.   (vi) No employee of Software.com or any Software.com
subsidiary will be entitled to any material payment, additional benefits or
any acceleration of the time of payment or vesting of any benefits under
any Software.com Benefit Plan as a result of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement (either alone or in conjunction with any other event such as
a termination of employment).   (vii) To the knowledge of Software.com, no
material oral or written representation or commitment with respect to any
aspect of any Software.com Benefit Plan has been made to employees of
Software.com or any Software.com subsidiaries by an authorized Software.com
employee prior to the Closing Date that is not materially in accordance with
the written or otherwise preexisting terms and provisions of such
Software.com Benefit Plans in effect immediately prior to the Closing
Date.   (viii) Except as would not have a material adverse effect,
there are no material unresolved claims or disputes under the terms of, or
in connection with, any Software.com Benefit Plan (other than routine
undisputed claims for benefits), and no action, legal or otherwise, has been
commenced with respect to any material claim.   (ix) To the knowledge of
Software.com, no non-exempt "prohibited transaction" (within the meaning of
section 4975(c) of the Code) involving any Software.com Benefit Plan has
occurred that could subject Software.com to any material tax penalty or other
cost or liability (by indemnification or otherwise).   (x) Neither
Software.com nor any Software.com subsidiary is obligated to make any
parachute payments as such term is defined in section 280G of the Code, and
neither is a party to any agreement that under certain circumstances is
reasonably likely to obligate it, or any successor in interest, to make any
parachute payments that will not be deductible under section 280G of the
Code. Neither Software.com nor any Software.com subsidiary is obligated
to make reimbursement or gross-up payments to any person in respect to
excess parachute payments.   28    (k) Taxes.   (i) Each of
Software.com and its subsidiaries has filed all material Tax Returns required
to be filed by it (taking into account all applicable extensions) with the
appropriate Tax Authority and all such returns are complete, true, and
correct in all material respects, or requests for extensions to file such
returns have been timely filed, granted, and have not expired, except to the
extent that such failures to file, to be complete, true, or correct, or to
have extensions granted that remain in effect individually or in the
aggregate would not have a material adverse effect on
Software.com. Software.com and each of its subsidiaries has paid (or
Software.com has paid or caused to be paid on its behalf) all Taxes shown as
due on such returns, and the most recent financial statements contained in
the Software.com Filed SEC Documents reflect an adequate reserve in
accordance with GAAP for all Taxes payable by Software.com and its
subsidiaries for all taxable periods and portions thereof accrued through the
date of such financial statements.   (ii) No deficiencies for any Taxes have
been proposed, asserted or assessed against Software.com or any of its
subsidiaries that are not adequately reserved for, except for deficiencies
that individually or in the aggregate would not have a material adverse
effect on Software.com. Software.com and its subsidiaries have disclosed all
material deficiencies or adjustments for Taxes that have been proposed or
assessed by any Tax Authority against Software.com or any of its
subsidiaries. All of the Federal income Tax Returns of the "affiliated group"
(as defined in section 1504(a) of the Code) of which Software.com is the
common parent are no longer subject to any Audit by virtue of the expiration
of the applicable statutory period of limitations for the assessment of
Tax.   (iii) Neither Software.com nor any of its subsidiaries has taken any
action or knows of any fact, agreement, plan or other circumstance that
is reasonably likely to prevent the Merger from qualifying as a
"reorganization" within the meaning of section 368(a) of the Code.   (iv)
No Audits are presently pending with regard to any Taxes or Tax Returns of
Software.com or its subsidiaries.   (v) Neither Software.com nor any of its
subsidiaries is a party to any agreement providing for the allocation,
indemnification, or sharing of Taxes.   (vi) Other than the "affiliated
group" (as defined in section 1504(a) of the Code) of which Software.com is
the common parent, neither Software.com nor any of its subsidiaries has been
a member of any "affiliated group."   (vii) There are no liens for Taxes on
any of the assets of Software.com or its subsidiaries except for liens for
Taxes that are not yet due and payable and for which adequate reserves have
been provided in accordance with GAAP in the most recent financial statements
contained in the Software.com Filed SEC Documents.   (l) Voting
Requirements.   The affirmative vote at the Software.com Stockholders\'
Meeting (the "Software.com Stockholder Approval") of the holders of a
majority of all outstanding shares of   29   Software.com Common Stock
entitled to vote at a duly convened and held meeting of Software.com
stockholders is the only vote of the holders of any class or series of
Software.com\'s capital stock necessary to adopt this Agreement and approve
the transactions contemplated hereby.   (m) State Takeover Statutes;
Certificate of Incorporation.   The Board of Directors of Software.com has
adopted a resolution or resolutions approving this Agreement, the Option
Agreements, the Phone Voting Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby, and, assuming the accuracy of Phone\'s representation and
warranty contained in Section 3.1(p), such approval constitutes approval of
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby and by the Option
Agreements and the Phone Voting Agreement by the Software.com Board of
Directors under the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL such that Section
203 of the DGCL does not apply to this Agreement, the Option Agreements, the
Phone Voting Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.
To the knowledge of Software.com, no state takeover statute other than
Section 203 of the DGCL (which has been rendered inapplicable) is applicable
to the Merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby.   (n)
Brokers.   Except for fees payable to Morgan Stanley and Co. Incorporated
pursuant to an engagement letter dated July 28, 2000, a true and correct copy
of which has been provided to Phone, no broker, investment banker, financial
advisor or other person, is entitled to any broker\'s, finder\'s, financial
advisor\'s or other similar fee or commission in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by
or on behalf of Software.com.   (o) Opinion of Financial Advisors.  
Software.com has received the opinion of Morgan Stanley and Co. Incorporated,
dated the date of this Agreement, to the effect that, as of such date,
Exchange Ratio is fair from a financial point of view to holders
of Software.com Common Stock (other than Phone and its affiliates), a signed
copy of which opinion will be delivered to Phone promptly after execution of
this Agreement.   (p) Ownership of Phone Common Stock.   To the knowledge
of Software.com, as of the date hereof or at any time within twelve (12)
months prior to the date of this Agreement (and before giving effect to the
Phone Option Agreement and the Phone Voting Agreement, which will be entered
into immediately after the execution of this Agreement) neither Software.com
nor, to its knowledge without independent investigation, any of
its affiliates, (i) beneficially owns (as defined in either Rule 13d-3 under
the Exchange Act) or owned, directly or indirectly, or (ii) is or was party
to any agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose of acquiring,
holding, voting or disposing of, in each case, shares of capital stock of
Phone.   (q) Intellectual Property.   30    (i) To the knowledge of
Software.com, Software.com or its subsidiaries own or have a valid right to
use all trademarks, service marks, trade names, Internet domain names,
designs, slogans, and general intangibles of like nature, together with all
applications, registrations, renewals and goodwill related to the foregoing
(collectively, "Software.com Trademarks"); patents (including any
registration, continuations, continuations-in-part, renewals and applications
for any of the foregoing); copyrights (including any registrations and
applications for any of the foregoing); Software.com Software (as defined
below); technology, trade secrets and other confidential information, know-
how, proprietary processes, formulae, algorithms, models, and methodologies
(collectively, "Software.com Trade Secrets") used in or necessary for the
conduct of Software.com\'s and each of its subsidiary\'s business
as currently conducted (all such intellectual property being referred to
herein as the "Software.com Intellectual Property"), except where the failure
to possess such right would not have a material adverse effect. For purposes
of this Section 3.2(q), "Software.com Software" means any and all (a)
computer programs, including any and all software implementations of
algorithms, models and methodologies, whether in source code or object code,
(b) databases and compilations, including any and all data and collections of
data, whether machine readable or otherwise, (c) descriptions, flowcharts and
other work product used to design, plan, organize and develop any of the
foregoing, (d) the technology supporting any Internet site(s) operated by or
on behalf of Software.com or any of its subsidiaries and (e) all
documentation, including user manuals and training materials, relating to any
of the foregoing.   (ii) The Software.com Intellectual Property owned
by Software.com or any of its subsidiaries is free and clear of all
Liens.   (iii) All material Software.com Intellectual Property owned
by Software.com or any of its subsidiaries is valid and subsisting, in full
force and effect, and has not been canceled, has not expired, nor has it
been abandoned. There is no pending or, to Software.com\'s knowledge,
threatened opposition, interference or cancellation proceeding before any
court or registration authority in any jurisdiction against any registrations
in respect of the Software.com Intellectual Property owned by Software.com or
any of its subsidiaries.   (iv) To the actual knowledge of Software.com or
any of its subsidiaries, the conduct of the business of Software.com and its
subsidiaries as currently conducted does not infringe upon (either directly
or indirectly such as through contributory infringement or inducement to
infringe) any intellectual property rights owned or controlled by any third
party. There are no claims or suits pending and as to which Software.com has
received actual notice or, to the knowledge of Software.com, threatened, and
neither Software.com nor any of its subsidiaries has received any notice of a
third- party claim or suit, (a) alleging that its activities or the conduct
of its business infringes upon, violates, or constitutes the unauthorized use
of the intellectual property rights of any third party or (b) challenging
the ownership, use, validity or enforceability of any Software.com
Intellectual Property (other than Software.com Trademarks), which in any case
would have a material adverse effect.   (v) There are no written
settlements, forbearances to sue, consents, judgments, or orders or similar
obligations which in any material respect (a) restrict the right of
Software.com or its subsidiaries to use any Software.com Intellectual
Property owned by Software.com, or (b) restrict the business of Software.com
or its subsidiaries in order to accommodate a third party\'s intellectual
property rights or (c) except for licenses with customers   31   for the
Software.com Software, there are no agreements that permit third parties to
use any Software.com Intellectual Property owned or controlled
by Software.com or any of its subsidiaries.   (vi) Software.com and each of
its subsidiaries takes reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality of
Software.com Trade Secrets, including (i) requiring its employees and
independent contractors having access thereto to execute written
nondisclosure agreements and (ii) requiring all licensees to maintain the
confidentiality of Software.com Trade Secrets. To the actual knowledge of
Software.com or its subsidiaries, no Software.com Trade Secret has been
knowingly disclosed or authorized to be disclosed to any third party
other than pursuant to a nondisclosure agreement or other appropriate
instrument that adequately protects Software.com and the applicable
subsidiary\'s proprietary interests in and to such trade secrets. To the
knowledge of Software.com, no party to any nondisclosure agreement or
nondisclosure obligation relating to its trade secrets is in breach or
default thereof.   (vii) To the knowledge of Software.com, no third party
is misappropriating, infringing, diluting, or violating any
Software.com Intellectual Property owned by Software.com or any of its
subsidiaries other than immaterial disputes concerning use by a third party
of Software.com Trademarks of Software.com or any of its subsidiaries.  
(viii) The consummation of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated
by this Agreement shall not result in the loss or impairment
of Software.com\'s or of any subsidiary\'s right to own or use any of
the Software.com Intellectual Property, and will not require the consent of
any governmental authority, except where such loss or impairment or the
failure to obtain consent would not result in a material adverse effect.  
(r) Certain Contracts.   Except as set forth in the Software.com Filed SEC
Documents, neither Software.com nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to or
bound by (i) any "material contract" (as such term is defined in Item
601(b)(10) of Regulation S- K of the SEC), (ii) any non- competition
agreement or any other agreement or obligation which purports to limit in any
material respect the manner in which, or the localities in which, all or any
material portion of the business of Software.com and its subsidiaries
(including, for purposes of this Section 3.2(r), Phone and its subsidiaries,
assuming the Merger has taken place), taken as a whole, is or would be
conducted, (iii) any exclusive supply or purchase contracts or any exclusive
requirements contracts or (iv) any contract or other agreement which would
prohibit or materially delay the consummation of the Merger or any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement (all contracts of the type
described in clauses (i) and (ii) being referred to herein as "Software.com
Material Contracts"). Software.com has delivered to Phone or made available
to Phone for review, prior to the execution of this Agreement, complete and
correct copies of all Software.com Material Contracts not filed as exhibits
to the Software.com Filed SEC Documents. Each Software.com Material Contract
is valid and binding on Software.com (or, to the extent a
Software.com subsidiary is a party, such subsidiary) and is in full force and
effect, and Software.com and each Software.com subsidiary have in all
material respects performed all obligations required to be performed by them
to date under each Software.com Material Contract, except where such
noncompliance, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a material
adverse effect on Software.com. Neither Software.com nor any Software.com
subsidiary knows of, or has received notice of, any   32   violation or
default under (nor, to the knowledge of Software.com, does there exist any
condition which with the passage of time or the giving of notice or both
would result in such a violation or default under) any Software.com Material
Contract.   (s) Software.com Rights Agreement.   Software.com has
delivered to Phone a true, correct and complete copy of the Software.com
Rights Agreement. Software.com has taken all action so that the entering into
of this Agreement, the Software.com Option Agreement, the Software.com Voting
Agreement and the Merger, the acquisition of shares pursuant to the
Software.com Option Agreement and the other transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby will not result in the grant of any rights to any person under
the Software.com Rights Agreement or enable or require the
Software.com Rights to be exercised, distributed or triggered.   (t)
Environmental Liability.   Except as set forth in the Software.com Filed SEC
Documents, there are no legal, administrative, arbitral or other proceedings,
claims, actions, causes of action, private environmental investigations or
remediation activities or governmental investigations of any nature pending
or threatened against Software.com or any of its subsidiaries seeking to
impose, or that could reasonably be expected to result in the imposition, on
Software.com or any of its subsidiaries, of any liability or obligation
arising under common law or under any local, state or federal environmental
statute, regulation or ordinance, including, without limitation, CERCLA,
which liability or obligation could reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on Software.com. To the knowledge of Software.com, there is no
reasonable basis for any such proceeding, claim, action or governmental
investigation that would impose any liability or obligation that could
reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Software.com.  
(u) Insurance.   Software.com and each of its subsidiaries have policies of
insurance and bonds of the type and in amounts customarily carried by persons
conducting businesses or owning assets similar to those of Software.com and
its subsidiaries. There is no material claim pending under any of such
policies or bonds as to which coverage has been questioned, denied or
disputed by the underwriters of such policies or bonds, except questioned,
denied or disputed claims the failure to provide coverage for which would
not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on
Software.com. All premiums due and payable under all such policies and bonds
have been paid and Software.com and its subsidiaries are otherwise in
compliance in all material respects with the terms of such policies and
bonds. Software.com has no knowledge of any threatened termination of, or
material premium increase with respect to, any of such policies.   (v)
Accounting Matters.   As of the date hereof, to the knowledge of
Software.com, none of Software.com, any of its subsidiaries or any of their
respective directors, officers or stockholders, has taken any action which
would prevent the accounting for the Merger as a pooling of interests in
accordance with APB 16, the interpretative releases pursuant thereto and the
pronouncements of the SEC.   33    (w) Transactions with Affiliates.  
Except as disclosed in the Software.com SEC Documents filed prior to the date
of this Agreement or as disclosed in the Software.com Disclosure Schedule,
since December 31, 1999, there have been no transactions,
agreements, arrangements or understandings between Software.com and its
affiliates that would be required to be disclosed under the Item 404 of
Regulation S-K under the Securities Act.   (x) Full Disclosure.   None of
the representations or warranties made by Software.com herein or in any
schedule hereto, including the Software.com Disclosure Schedule, or any
certificate furnished by Software.com pursuant to this Agreement, contains or
will contain at the Effective Time any untrue statement of a material
fact, or omits or will omit at the Effective Time, to state any material
fact necessary in order to make the statements contained herein or therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which made, not misleading.  
ARTICLE 4.   COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS SECTION   SECTION
4.1 Conduct of Business.   (a) Conduct of Business by Phone.   Except as
set forth in Section 4.1(a) of the Phone Disclosure Schedule, as otherwise
expressly contemplated by this Agreement or as consented to by Software.com
in writing, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed, during
the period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, Phone
shall, and shall cause its subsidiaries to, carry on their respective
businesses in the ordinary course consistent with past practice and in
compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws and
regulations and, to the extent consistent therewith, use reasonable efforts
to preserve intact their current business organizations, use reasonable
efforts to keep available the services of their current officers and other
key employees and preserve their relationships with those persons having
business dealings with them to the end that their goodwill and ongoing
businesses shall be unimpaired at the Effective Time. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing (but subject to the above exceptions), during the
period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, Phone shall
not, and shall not permit any of its subsidiaries to:   (i) other than
dividends and distributions by a direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary
of Phone to its parent, or by a subsidiary that is partially owned by Phone
or any of its subsidiaries, provided that Phone or any such subsidiary
receives or is to receive its proportionate share thereof, (x) declare, set
aside or pay any dividends on, make any other distributions in respect of, or
enter into any agreement with respect to the voting of, any of its capital
stock, (y) split, combine or reclassify any of its capital stock or issue or
authorize the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or
in substitution for shares of its capital stock, except for issuances
of Phone Common Stock upon the exercise of Phone Options, in each case,
outstanding as of the date hereof in accordance with their present terms
(including cashless exercise) or issued pursuant to Section 4.1(a)(ii) or (z)
purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire   34   any shares of capital stock
of Phone or any of its subsidiaries or any other securities thereof or any
rights, warrants or options to acquire any such shares or other securities
(except, in the case of clause (z), for the deemed acceptance of shares upon
cashless exercise of Phone Options outstanding on the date hereof, or in
connection with withholding obligations relating thereto);   (ii) except in
connection with acquisitions permitted or contemplated by clause (iv) of this
Section 4.1(a), issue, deliver, sell, pledge or otherwise encumber or subject
to any Lien any shares of its capital stock, any other voting securities or
any securities convertible into, or any rights, warrants or options to
acquire, any such shares, voting securities or convertible securities (other
than the issuance of Phone Common Stock upon the exercise or conversion of
Phone Options outstanding as of the date hereof in accordance with their
present terms or the issuance of Phone Options (and shares of Phone Common
Stock upon the exercise thereof) granted after the date hereof in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice for employees (so
long as such additional amount of Phone Common Stock subject to Phone Options
issued to such employees does not exceed four and one-half
million (4,500,000) shares of Phone Common Stock in the aggregate));  
(iii) except as contemplated hereby, amend its certificate of incorporation,
by-laws or other comparable organizational documents;   (iv) acquire or
agree to acquire by merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing a
substantial portion of the assets or equity or other securities of, or by any
other manner, any business or any person, or, except for transactions
pursuant to contracts or agreements in force at the date of this Agreement or
acquisitions or investments permitted or contemplated by Section 4.1(a) of
the Phone Disclosure Schedule, make any material investment either by
purchase of stock or securities, contributions to capital,
property transfers, or purchase of any property or assets of any other
individual, corporation or other entity other than a subsidiary of Phone;  
(v) sell, lease, license, mortgage or otherwise encumber or subject to any
Lien or otherwise dispose of any of its properties or assets (including
securitizations), other than in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice, including, without limitation, in connection
with consolidation of acquired businesses or as would not have a material
adverse effect on Phone;   (vi) take any action that would cause the
representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.1(g) and qualified as
to materiality to be no longer true and correct or, if not so qualified, to
be no longer true and correct in all material respects;   (vii) incur any
indebtedness for borrowed money or issue any debt securities or assume,
guarantee or endorse, or otherwise as an accommodation become responsible for
the obligations of any person for borrowed money, other than pursuant to a
revolving credit facility or receivables facility or commercial paper
facility in effect as of the date hereof (including any replacement
facilities), in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice;   (viii) settle any material claim (including any Tax
claim), action or proceeding involving money damages, except in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice;   35    (ix) make any
material Tax election except in the ordinary course of business and
consistent with past practice;   (x) other than in the ordinary course of
business or in connection with acquisitions permitted by Section 4.1(a) of
the Phone Disclosure Schedule, enter into or terminate any material contract
or agreement, or make any change in any of its material leases or contracts,
other than amendments or renewals of contracts and leases without material
adverse changes of terms;   (xi) except for increases in accordance with
normal past practice, increase in any manner the compensation or fringe
benefits of any of its officers or directors, or materially increase the
foregoing in respect of employees; enter into any commitment to pay any
pension, retirement or severance benefit to any such officers or directors,
or make any material commitment to pay the foregoing to any employees; commit
itself to, or enter into, any employment agreement involving compensation of
more than Two Hundred Thousand Dollars ($200,000.00) per year or a term other
than "at will;" adopt or commit itself to any new benefit, base salary or
stock option plan or arrangement; or amend, supplement, or accelerate the
timing of payments or vesting under, or otherwise materially amend or
supplement any existing benefit, stock option or compensation plan or
arrangement (other than as may be required by applicable law);   (xii)
change any of the accounting methods used by Phone or any of its subsidiaries
unless required by generally accepted accounting principles or take or
knowingly allow to be taken any action which would jeopardize the treatment
of the Merger as a pooling of interests for accounting purposes; or   (xiii)
authorize, or commit or agree to take, any of the foregoing actions; provided
that the limitations set forth in this Section 4.1(a) (other than clause
(iii)) shall not apply to any transaction between Phone and any wholly owned
subsidiary or between any wholly owned subsidiaries of Phone.   (b) Conduct
of Business by Software.com.   Except as set forth in Section 4.1(b) of the
Software.com Disclosure Schedule, as otherwise expressly contemplated by this
Agreement or as consented to by Phone in writing, such consent not to be
unreasonably withheld or delayed, during the period from the date of this
Agreement to the Effective Time, Software.com shall, and shall cause its
subsidiaries to, carry on their respective businesses in the ordinary course
consistent with past practice and in compliance in all material respects with
all applicable laws and regulations and, to the extent consistent therewith,
use all reasonable efforts to preserve intact their current business
organizations, use reasonable efforts to keep available the services of their
current officers and other key employees and preserve their relationships
with those persons having business dealings with them to the end that their
goodwill and ongoing businesses shall be unimpaired at the Effective Time.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing (but subject to the above
exceptions), during the period from the date of this Agreement to the
Effective Time, Software.com shall not, and shall not permit any of other
Software.com subsidiaries to:   (i) other than dividends and distributions
by a direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Software.com to its
parent, or by a subsidiary that is partially owned by  
36   Software.com or any of its subsidiaries, provided that Software.com or
any such subsidiary receives or is to receive its proportionate share
thereof, (x) declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, make any other
distributions in respect of, or enter into any agreement with respect to the
voting of, any of its capital stock or the capital stock of any of its
subsidiaries, (y) split, combine or reclassify any of its capital stock or
issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in
lieu of or in substitution for shares of its capital stock or the capital
stock of any of its subsidiaries, except for issuances of Software.com Common
Stock upon the exercise of Software.com Options outstanding as of the date
hereof in accordance with their present terms (including cashless exercise)
or issued pursuant to Section 4.1(b)(ii) or (z) purchase, redeem or otherwise
acquire any shares of capital stock of Software.com or any of its
subsidiaries or any other securities thereof or any rights, warrants or
options to acquire any such shares or other securities (except, in the case
of clause (z), for the deemed acceptance of shares upon cashless exercise of
Software.com Options, or in connection with withholding obligations relating
thereto);   (ii) except in connection with acquisitions permitted
or contemplated by clause (iv) of this Section 4.2(b), issue, deliver, sell,
pledge or otherwise encumber or subject to any Lien any shares of its capital
stock, any other voting securities or any securities convertible into, or any
rights, warrants or options to acquire, any such shares, voting securities
or convertible securities (other than the issuance of Software.com Common
Stock upon the exercise of Software.com Options outstanding as of the date
hereof in accordance with their present terms or the issuance of Software.com
Options (and shares of Software.com Common Stock upon the exercise thereof)
granted after the date hereof in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice for employees (so long as such additional amount of
Software.com Common Stock subject to Software.com Employee Stock Options
issued to employees does not exceed four and one-half million (4,500,000)
shares of Software.com Common Stock in the aggregate));   (iii) except as
contemplated hereby, amend its certificate of incorporation, by-laws or other
comparable organizational documents;   (iv) acquire or agree to acquire by
merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing a substantial portion of the
assets or equity or other securities of, or by any other manner, any business
or any person, or, except for transactions pursuant to contracts or
agreements in force at the date of this Agreement or acquisitions or
investments permitted or contemplated by Section 4.1(b) of the Software.com
Disclosure Schedule, make any material investment either by purchase of stock
or securities, contributions to capital, property transfers, or purchase of
any property or assets of any other individual, corporation or other entity
other than a subsidiary of Software.com;   (v) sell, lease, license,
mortgage or otherwise encumber or subject to any Lien or otherwise dispose of
any of its properties or assets (including securitizations), other than in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, including,
without limitation, in connection with consolidation of acquired businesses
or as would not have a material adverse effect on Software.com;   37   
(vi) take any action that would cause the representations and warranties set
forth in Section 3.2(g) and qualified as to materiality to be no longer be
true and correct or, if not so qualified, to be no longer true and correct in
all material respects;   (vii) incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or
issue any debt securities or assume, guarantee or endorse, or otherwise as
an accommodation become responsible for the obligations of any person for
borrowed money, other than pursuant to a revolving credit facility or
receivables facility or commercial paper facility in effect as of the date
hereof (including any replacement facilities), in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice;   (viii) settle any claim
(including any Tax claim), action or proceeding involving money damages,
except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;  
(ix) make any material Tax election except in the ordinary course of business
and consistent with past practice;   (x) other than in the ordinary course
of business or in connection with acquisitions permitted by Section 4.1(b) of
the Software.com Disclosure Schedule, enter into or terminate any material
contract or agreement, or make any change in any of its material leases or
contracts, other than amendments or renewals of contracts and leases without
material adverse changes of terms;   (xi) except for increases in
accordance with normal past practice, increase in any manner the compensation
or fringe benefits of any of its officers or directors, or materially
increase the foregoing in respect of employees; enter into any commitment to
pay any pension, retirement or severance benefit to any such officers or
directors, or make any material commitment to pay any of the foregoing to any
employees; commit itself to, or enter into, any employment agreement
involving base salary of more than Two Hundred Thousand Dollars ($200,000.00)
per year or a term other than "at will;" adopt or commit itself to any new
benefit, compensation or stock option plan or arrangement; or amend,
supplement, or accelerate the timing of payments or vesting under,
or otherwise materially amend or supplement any existing benefit, stock
option or compensation plan or arrangement (other than as may be required by
applicable law);   (xii) change any of the accounting methods used by
Software.com or any of its subsidiaries unless required by generally accepted
accounting principles or take or knowingly allow to be taken any action which
would jeopardize the treatment of the Merger as a pooling of interests for
accounting purposes; or   (xiii) authorize, or commit or agree to take, any
of the foregoing actions; provided that the limitations set forth in this
Section 4.1(b) (other than clause (iii)) shall not apply to any transaction
between Software.com and any wholly owned subsidiary or between any wholly
owned subsidiaries of Software.com.   (c) Other Actions.   38   
Except as required by law, Phone, Software.com and Merger Sub shall not, and
shall not permit any of their respective subsidiaries to, voluntarily take
any action that would, or that could reasonably be expected to, result in any
of the conditions to the Merger set forth in Article 6 not being
satisfied.   (d) Advice of Changes.   Each of Phone, Software.com and
Merger Sub shall promptly advise the other parties orally and in writing to
the extent it has knowledge of any change or event which would cause a
failure of any of the conditions set forth in Article 6 to be satisfied;
provided, however, that no such notification shall affect the
representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of the parties (or
remedies with respect thereto) or the conditions to the obligations of
the parties under this Agreement.   SECTION 4.2 No Solicitation by
Phone.   (a) Phone shall not, nor shall it permit any of its subsidiaries
to, nor shall it authorize or permit any of its officers, directors or
employees or any investment banker, financial advisor, attorney, accountant
or other representative retained by it or any of its subsidiaries to,
directly or indirectly through another person, (i) solicit, initiate or
encourage (including by way of furnishing information), or take any other
action designed to facilitate, any inquiries or the making of any proposal
the consummation of which would constitute an Alternative Transaction (as
hereinafter defined) or (ii) participate in any discussions or negotiations
regarding any Alternative Transaction; provided, however, that if, at any
time prior to the adoption of this Agreement by the holders of Phone Common
Stock, the Board of Directors of Phone determines in good faith, after
consultation with outside counsel, that the failure to provide such
information or participate in such negotiations or discussions would result
in a reasonable possibility that the Board of Directors of Phone would breach
its fiduciary duties to Phone\'s stockholders under applicable law, Phone
may, in response to any such proposal that was not solicited by it or that
did not otherwise result from a breach of this Section 4.2(a), and subject to
compliance with Section 4.2(c), (x) furnish information with respect to Phone
and its subsidiaries to any person pursuant to a customary confidentiality
agreement containing terms as to confidentiality no less restrictive than the
terms of the confidentiality agreement, dated June 9, 2000, entered into
between Software.com and Phone (the "Confidentiality Agreement") and (y)
participate in negotiations regarding such proposal. For purposes of this
Agreement "Alternative Transaction" means any of (i) a transaction or series
of transactions pursuant to which any person (or group of persons) other than
Software.com and its subsidiaries and other than Phone and its
subsidiaries (a "Third Party") acquires or would acquire, directly or
indirectly, beneficial ownership (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange
Act) of more than twenty percent (20%) of the outstanding shares of
Software.com or Phone, as the case may be, whether from Software.com or Phone
or pursuant to a tender offer or exchange offer or otherwise, (ii) any
acquisition or proposed acquisition of Software.com or any of its significant
subsidiaries or Phone or any of its significant subsidiaries, as the case may
be, by a merger or other business combination (including any so-called
"merger of equals" and whether or not Software.com or any of its significant
subsidiaries or Phone or any of its significant subsidiaries, as the case may
be, is the entity surviving any such merger or business combination) or (iii)
any other transaction pursuant to which any Third Party acquires or would
acquire, directly or indirectly, control of assets (including for this
purpose the outstanding equity securities of subsidiaries of Software.com
or   39   Phone, as the case may be, and any entity surviving any merger
or combination including any of them) of Software.com or any of its
subsidiaries or Phone or any of its subsidiaries, as the case may be, for
consideration equal to twenty percent (20%) or more of the fair market value
of all of the outstanding shares of Software.com Common Stock or all of the
outstanding shares of Phone Common Stock, as the case may be, on the date
prior to the date hereof.   (b) Neither the Board of Directors of Phone nor
any committee thereof shall (i) except as expressly permitted by this Section
4.2(b), withdraw, qualify or modify, or propose publicly to withdraw, qualify
or modify, in a manner adverse to Software.com, the approval or
recommendation by such Board of Directors or such committee of the Merger,
this Agreement, the issuance of Phone Common Stock in connection with the
Merger or the Charter Amendment, (ii) approve or recommend, or propose
publicly to approve or recommend, any Alternative Transaction, or (iii) cause
Phone to enter into any letter of intent, agreement in principle, acquisition
agreement or other similar agreement related to any Alternative Transaction.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that prior to the adoption of
this Agreement by the holders of Phone Common Stock the Board of Directors of
Phone determines in good faith, after it has received a Phone Superior
Proposal (as defined below) and after consultation with outside counsel, that
the failure to do so would result in a reasonable possibility that the Board
of Directors of Phone would breach its fiduciary duties to Phone\'s
stockholders under applicable law, the Board of Directors of Phone may
(subject to this and the following sentences) inform Phone stockholders that
it no longer believes that the Merger or this Agreement is advisable and no
longer recommends approval of the issuance of shares of Phone Common Stock
pursuant to this Agreement (a "Phone Subsequent Determination"), but only at
a time that is after the third business day following Software.com\'s receipt
of written notice advising Software.com that the Board of Directors of Phone
has received a Phone Superior Proposal specifying the material terms
and conditions of such Phone Superior Proposal, identifying the person making
such Phone Superior Proposal and stating that it intends to make a Phone
Subsequent Determination. For purposes of this Agreement, a "Phone Superior
Proposal" means any proposal (on its most recently amended or modified terms,
if amended or modified) made by a Third Party to enter into an Alternative
Transaction which the Board of Directors of Phone determines in its good
faith judgment (after consultation with a financial advisor of nationally
recognized reputation) to be more favorable to Phone\'s stockholders than the
Merger taking into account all relevant factors (including whether, in the
good faith judgment of the Board of Directors of Phone, after consultation
with a financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation, the third party
is reasonably able to finance the transaction. Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement, Phone shall submit this Agreement to its
stockholders whether or not the Board of Directors of Phone makes a Phone
Subsequent Determination.   (c) In addition to the obligations of Phone set
forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 4.2, and in any event within
one (1) business day, Phone shall promptly advise Software.com orally and in
writing of any request for information or of any proposal in connection with
an Alternative Transaction, the material terms and conditions of such request
or proposal and the identity of the person making such request or proposal.
Phone will keep Software.com reasonably informed of the status and details
(including amendments or proposed amendments) of any such request or proposal
on a current basis.   (d) Nothing contained in this Section 4.2 shall
prohibit Phone (i) from taking and disclosing to its stockholders a position
contemplated by Rule 14d-9 or Rule 14e-2(a)   40   promulgated under the
Exchange Act or (ii) from making any disclosure to its stockholders if, in
the good faith judgment of the Board of Directors of Phone, after
consultation with outside counsel, failure so to disclose would
be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties to Phone\'s stockholders under
applicable law.   SECTION 4.3 No Solicitation by Software.com.   (a)
Software.com shall not, nor shall it permit any of its subsidiaries to, nor
shall it authorize or permit any of its officers, directors or employees or
any investment banker, financial advisor, attorney, accountant or other
representative retained by it or any of its subsidiaries to, directly or
indirectly through another person, (i) solicit, initiate or
encourage (including by way of furnishing information), or take any other
action designed to facilitate, any inquiries or the making of any proposal
the consummation of which would constitute an Alternative Transaction or (ii)
participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding any Alternative
Transaction; provided, however, that if, at any time prior to the adoption of
this Agreement by the holders of Software.com Common Stock, the Board of
Directors of Software.com determines in good faith, after consultation with
outside counsel, that the failure to provide such information or participate
in such negotiations or discussions would result in a reasonable possibility
that the Board of Directors of Software.com breach its fiduciary duties to
Software.com\'s stockholders under applicable law, Software.com may, in
response to any such proposal that was not solicited by it or which did not
otherwise result from a breach of this Section 4.3(a), and subject to
compliance with Section 4.3(c), (x) furnish information with respect to
Software.com and its subsidiaries to any person pursuant to a customary
confidentiality agreement containing terms as to confidentiality no less
restrictive than the Confidentiality Agreement, as amended pursuant
to Section 8.6 hereof, and (y) participate in negotiations regarding such
proposal.   (b) Neither the Board of Directors of Software.com nor any
committee thereof shall (i) except as expressly permitted by this Section
4.3(b), withdraw, qualify or modify, or propose publicly to withdraw, qualify
or modify, in a manner adverse to Phone, the approval or recommendation by
such Board of Directors or such committee of the Merger, or this Agreement,
(ii) approve or recommend, or propose publicly to approve or recommend, any
Alternative Transaction, or (iii) cause Software.com to enter into any letter
of intent, agreement in principle, acquisition agreement or other similar
agreement related to any Alternative Transaction. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, in the event that prior to the adoption of this Agreement by the
holders of Software.com Common Stock the Board of Directors of Software.com
determines in good faith, after it has received a Software.com Superior
Proposal (as defined below) and after consultation with outside counsel, that
the failure to do so would result in a reasonable possibility that the Board
of Directors of Software.com would breach its fiduciary duties to
Software.com\'s stockholders under applicable law, the Board of Directors of
Software.com may (subject to this and the following sentences) inform
Software.com stockholders that it no longer believes that the Merger or this
Agreement is advisable and no longer recommends approval (a "Software.com
Subsequent Determination"), but only at a time that is after the third
business day following Phone\'s receipt of written notice advising Phone that
the Board of Directors of Software.com has received a Software.com
Superior Proposal, specifying the material terms and conditions of such
Software.com Superior Proposal, identifying the person making such
Software.com Superior Proposal and stating that it intends to make a
Software.com Subsequent Determination. For purposes of this Agreement, a  
41   "Software.com Superior Proposal" means any proposal (on its most
recently amended or modified terms, if amended or modified) made by a Third
Party enter into an Alternative Transaction on terms which the Board of
Directors of Software.com determines in its good faith judgment (after
consultation with a financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation) to
be more favorable to Software.com\'s stockholders than the Merger taking into
account all relevant factors (including whether, in the good faith judgment
of the Board of Directors of Software.com, after consultation with a
financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation, the third party is
reasonably able to finance the transaction. Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement, Software.com shall submit this Agreement to its
stockholders whether or not the Board of Directors of Software.com make a
Software.com Subsequent Determination.   (c) In addition to the obligations
of Software.com set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 4.3, and
in any event within one (1) business day, Software.com shall promptly advise
Phone orally and in writing of any request for information or of any proposal
in connection with an Alternative Transaction, the material terms and
conditions of such request or proposal and the identity of the person making
such request or proposal. Software.com will keep Phone reasonably informed of
the status and details (including amendments or proposed amendments) of any
such request or proposal on a current basis.   (d) Nothing contained in this
Section 4.3 shall prohibit Software.com from (i) taking and disclosing to its
stockholders a position contemplated by Rule 14d-9 or Rule 14e-2(a)
promulgated under the Exchange Act or (ii) from making any disclosure to its
stockholders if, in the good faith judgment of the Board of Directors of
Software.com, after consultation with outside counsel, failure so to disclose
would be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties to Software.com\'s
stockholders under applicable law.   ARTICLE 5.   ADDITIONAL
AGREEMENTS   SECTION 5.1 Preparation of the Form S-4 and the Joint Proxy
Statement; Stockholders\' Meetings.   (a) As soon as practicable following
the date of this Agreement, Phone and Software.com shall prepare and file
with the SEC the Joint Proxy Statement, and Phone shall prepare and file with
the SEC the Form S-4, in which the Joint Proxy Statement will be included as
a prospectus. Each of Phone and Software.com shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to have the Form S-4 declared effective under the
Securities Act as promptly as practicable after such filing. Phone will use
commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Joint Proxy Statement to be
mailed to Phone\'s stockholders, and Software.com will use commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the Joint Proxy Statement to be mailed to
Software.com\'s stockholders, in each case as promptly as practicable
after the Form S-4 is declared effective under the Securities Act. Phone
shall also take any action required to be taken under any applicable state
securities laws in connection with the issuance of shares of Phone Common
Stock in the Merger and the conversion of Software.com Options into options
to acquire Phone Common Stock, and Software.com shall furnish all information
concerning Software.com and the holders of Software.com Common Stock as may
be reasonably requested in connection with any such action. No filing of, or
amendment or supplement to, the Form S-4 or the Joint Proxy Statement  
42   will be made by Phone without Software.com\'s prior consent and
without providing Software.com the opportunity to review and comment thereon.
Phone will advise Software.com promptly after it receives notice thereof, of
the time when the Form S-4 has become effective or any supplement or
amendment has been filed, the issuance of any stop order, the suspension of
the qualification of the Phone Common Stock issuable in connection with the
Merger for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or any request by the SEC
for amendment of the Joint Proxy Statement or the Form S-4 or comments
thereon and responses thereto or requests by the SEC for additional
information. If at any time prior to the Effective Time any information
relating to Phone or Software.com, or any of their respective affiliates,
officers or directors, should be discovered by Phone or Software.com which
should be set forth in an amendment or supplement to any of the Form S-4 or
the Joint Proxy Statement, so that any of such documents would not include
any misstatement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading, the party which discovers
such information shall promptly notify the other parties hereto and an
appropriate amendment or supplement describing such information shall be
promptly filed with the SEC and, to the extent required by law, disseminated
to the stockholders of Phone and Software.com.   (b) Phone shall, as
promptly as practicable after the Form S-4 is declared effective under the
Securities Act, duly give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of its
stockholders (the "Phone Stockholders\' Meeting") in accordance with the DGCL
for the purpose of obtaining the Phone Stockholder Approval and shall,
subject to the provisions of Section 4.2(b) hereof, through its Board of
Directors, recommend to its stockholders the approval of the issuance of the
shares of Phone Common Stock in the Merger and the Phone
Charter Amendment.   (c) Software.com shall, as promptly as practicable
after the Form S-4 is declared effective under the Securities Act, duly give
notice of, convene and hold a meeting of its stockholders (the "Software.com
Stockholders\' Meeting") in accordance with the DGCL for the purpose of
obtaining the Software.com Stockholder Approval and shall, subject to the
provisions of Section 4.3(b) hereof, through its Board of Directors,
recommend to its stockholders the approval and adoption of this Agreement,
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby.   (d)
Software.com and Phone will use commercially reasonable efforts to hold the
Phone Stockholders\' Meeting and the Software.com Stockholders\' Meeting on
the same date and as soon as reasonably practicable after the
date hereof.   SECTION 5.2 Pooling Letters.   Software.com shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain from Software.com\'s accounting
firm, Ernst and Young, a signed report in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to Phone and dated not earlier than five (5) days prior to the
Closing Date, to the effect that, subject to customary qualifications, such
firm concurs with the conclusion of Software.com\'s management that
Software.com qualifies as a "combining company" in accordance with the
criteria set forth in paragraph 46 of APB 16 and has not violated
the criteria set forth in paragraphs 47c, 47d and 48c of APB 16 during the
period extending from two (2) years preceding the date of initiation to the
date of such report and Phone   43   shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to obtain from Phone\'s accounting firm, KPMG LLP a signed report in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Phone and dated not earlier
than five (5) days prior to the Closing Date, to the effect that such firm
concurs with the conclusion of Phone\'s management that pooling of interests
accounting for the Merger under APB 16 is appropriate.   SECTION 5.3 Access
to Information; Confidentiality.   Subject to the Confidentiality Agreement
and subject to applicable law, each of Phone and Software.com shall, and
shall cause each of its respective subsidiaries to, afford to the other party
and to the officers, employees, accountants, counsel, financial advisors and
other representatives of such other party, reasonable access during normal
business hours during the period prior to the Effective Time to all their
respective properties, books, contracts, commitments, personnel and records
(provided that such access shall not interfere with the business or
operations of such party) and, during such period, each of Phone and
Software.com shall, and shall cause each of its respective subsidiaries to,
furnish promptly to the other party (a) a copy of each report, schedule,
registration statement and other document filed by it during such period
pursuant to the requirements of federal or state securities laws and (b) all
other information concerning its business, properties and personnel as such
other party may reasonably request. No review pursuant to this Section 5.3
shall affect any representation or warranty given by the other party hereto.
Each of Phone and Software.com will hold, and will cause its
respective officers, employees, accountants, counsel, financial advisors and
other representatives and affiliates to hold, any nonpublic information in
accordance with the terms of the Confidentiality Agreements. Phone shall also
cooperate with Software.com and use its best efforts to obtain an estimate of
withdrawal liability from each multi-employer plan with respect to which
Phone contributes as of the date hereof.   SECTION 5.4 Commercially
Reasonable Efforts.   (a) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in this Agreement, each of the parties agrees to use commercially
reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or
cause to be done, and to assist and cooperate with the other parties in
doing, all things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make
effective, in the most expeditious manner practicable, the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including (i) the
obtaining of all necessary actions or nonactions, waivers, consents and
approvals from Governmental Entities and the making of all necessary
registrations and filings and the taking of all steps as may be necessary to
obtain an approval or waiver from, or to avoid an action or proceeding by,
any Governmental Entity, (ii) the obtaining of all necessary consents,
approvals or waivers, and any necessary or appropriate
financing arrangements, from third parties, (iii) the defending of any
lawsuits or other legal proceedings, whether judicial or administrative,
challenging this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including seeking to have any stay or
temporary restraining order entered by any court or other Governmental Entity
vacated or reversed, and (iv) the execution and delivery of any additional
instruments necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by, and to
fully carry out the purposes of, this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in this Agreement, neither Software.com nor Phone shall be
required to hold separate (including by trust or otherwise) or divest any of
their respective businesses or   44   assets, or enter into any consent
decree or other agreement that would restrict either Software.com or Phone in
the conduct of its business as heretofore conducted.   (b) In connection
with and without limiting the foregoing, Phone and Software.com shall (i)
take all action necessary to ensure that no state takeover statute or similar
statute or regulation is or becomes applicable to this Agreement, the Option
Agreements, or any of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and
(ii) if any state takeover statute or similar statute or regulation becomes
applicable to such agreements or transactions, take all action necessary to
ensure that such transactions may be consummated as promptly as practicable
on the terms contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise to minimize the
effect of such statute or regulation on the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.   SECTION 5.5 Indemnification, Exculpation
and Insurance.   Phone agrees that at all times after the Effective Time, it
shall indemnify, and shall cause the Surviving Corporation to indemnify, each
person who is now, or has been at any time prior to the date hereof, a
director or officer of Software.com, any of its subsidiaries or affiliates,
or of any of its successors and assigns (individually an "Indemnified Party"
and collectively the "Indemnified Parties"), to the same extent and in the
same manner as is now provided in the certificate of incorporation or by-laws
of Software.com or otherwise in effect at the Effective Time (pursuant to an
indemnification agreement or otherwise), with respect to any claim,
liability, loss, damage, cost or expense (whenever asserted or claimed) based
in whole or in part on, or arising in whole or in part out of, any matter
existing or occurring at or prior to the Effective Time. Phone shall, or
shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, maintain in effect for not less
than six (6) years after the Effective Time the current policies of
directors\' and officers\' liability insurance maintained by Software.com on
the date hereof (provided that Phone or the Surviving Corporation may
substitute therefor policies having at least the same coverage and containing
terms and conditions which are no less advantageous to the persons currently
covered by such policies as insured) with respect to matters existing or
occurring at or prior to the Effective Time. Without limiting the foregoing,
in the event any Indemnified Party becomes involved in any capacity in any
action, proceeding or investigation based in whole or in part on, or arising
in whole or in part out of, any matter, including the
transactions contemplated hereby, existing or occurring at or prior to the
Effective Time, then, following the Effective Time, to the extent permitted
by law Phone shall, or shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, periodically
advance to such Indemnified Party its legal and other expenses (including the
cost of any investigation and preparation incurred in connection therewith),
subject to the provision by such Indemnified Party of an undertaking to
reimburse the amounts so advanced in the event of a final determination by a
court of competent jurisdiction that such Indemnified Party is not entitled
thereto. Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Party of notice of the
assertion (an "Assertion") of any claim or the commencement of any action
against him or her in respect to which indemnity or reimbursement may be
sought against Phone, the Surviving Corporation or a subsidiary of Phone
("Indemnitors") hereunder, such Indemnified Party shall notify any Indemnitor
in writing of the Assertion, but the failure to so notify any Indemnitor
shall not relieve any Indemnitor of any liability it may have to such
Indemnified Party hereunder except to the extent such failure shall have
materially prejudiced Indemnitor in defending against such Assertion.
Indemnitors shall be entitled to participate in and, to the extent
Indemnitors (A) elect by written notice to such Indemnified Party
within thirty (30) days after receipt by any   45   Indemnitor of notice
of such Assertion and (B) acknowledge in writing their obligation to
indemnify the Indemnified Parties in connection with such Assertion, to
assume the defense of such Assertion, at their own expense, with counsel
chosen by Indemnitors and reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Party.
Notwithstanding that Indemnitors shall have elected by such written notice to
assume the defense of any Assertion, such Indemnified Party shall have the
right to participate in the investigation and defense thereof, with
separate counsel chosen by such Indemnified Party, but in such event the fees
and expenses of such counsel shall be paid by such Indemnified Party, unless,
in the opinion of such separate counsel, (i) such Indemnified Party has
available to him one or more defenses to such Assertion that may not be
available to the Indemnitors, (ii) there is otherwise a conflict of interest
between the Indemnified Party, on the one hand, and the Indemnitors, on the
other hand, or (iii) the Indemnitors fail to vigorously pursue the defense of
the asserted claim. No Indemnified Party shall settle any Assertion without
the prior written consent of Phone, nor shall any Indemnitor settle any
Assertion without either (i) the written consent of all Indemnified Parties
against whom such Assertion was made, or (ii) obtaining a general release
from the party making the Assertion for all Indemnified Parties as a
condition of such settlement. The provisions of this Section 5.5 are intended
for the benefit of, and shall be enforceable by, the respective Indemnified
Parties. The provisions of this Section 5.5 are not intended to constitute
insurance. To the extent that any policy of insurance shall provide all or
any part of the indemnity owed to the Indemnified Parties, or any of them,
hereunder, the Indemnitors shall be relieved of their obligation with regard
thereto. No acceptance by an Indemnified Party of any defense from any third
party with respect to an Assertion shall be deemed to constitute a waiver by
such Indemnified Party of its rights under this Section 5.5 or to receive the
full measure of the indemnity provided for hereby.   SECTION 5.6 Fees and
Expenses.   Except as set forth in this Section 5.6 and in Section 7.2, all
fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Merger, this Agreement, the
Option Agreements and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the
Option Agreements shall be paid by the party incurring such fees or expenses,
whether or not the Merger are consummated, except that each of Software.com
and Phone shall bear and pay one-half of the costs and expenses (other than
the fees and expenses of each party\'s attorneys and accountants which shall
be paid by the party incurring such expenses) incurred by Phone, Merger Sub,
or Software.com in connection with (i) the filing, printing and mailing of
the Form S-4 and the Joint Proxy Statement (including SEC filing fees) and
(ii) the filings of the premerger notification and report forms under the HSR
Act (including filing fees). In addition, all transfer taxes incurred by
Phone, Merger Sub or Software.com in connection with the Merger arising on or
after the Effective Time shall be borne by Phone.   SECTION 5.7 Public
Announcements.   Software.com and Phone will consult with each other and
agree before issuing, and provide each other the opportunity to review,
comment upon and concur with, and use reasonable efforts to agree on, any
press release with respect to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, the Option Agreements, including the Merger, and shall not issue
any such press release prior to such consultation and agreement, except as
either party may determine is required by applicable law, court process or by
obligations pursuant to any listing agreement with any national securities
exchange or stock market. The parties agree that the initial press  
46   release to be issued with respect to the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement shall be in the form heretofore agreed to by the parties.  
SECTION 5.8 Affiliates.   (a) On or before the date hereof, Phone shall
prepare and deliver a copy to Software.com of a letter identifying all
persons who may be deemed to be, at the time this Agreement is submitted for
approval and adoption by the stockholders of Phone, "affiliates" of Phone for
purposes of applicable SEC accounting releases with respect to pooling of
interests accounting treatment and such list shall be updated as necessary to
reflect changes from the date hereof. Phone shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to cause each person identified on such list to deliver to Phone on
or before the date hereof, written agreements substantially in the form
attached as Exhibit F hereto, and in the event any other person becomes an
affiliate of Phone thereafter to cause such person to deliver such an
agreement to Phone as soon as practicable but in any event at Closing.  
(b) On or before the date hereof, Software.com shall deliver to Phone a
letter identifying all persons who may be deemed to be, at the time
this Agreement is submitted for approval and adoption by the stockholders
of Software.com, "affiliates" of Software.com for purposes of Rule 145 under
the Securities Act and for purposes of applicable SEC accounting releases
with respect to pooling of interests accounting treatment and such list shall
be updated as necessary to reflect changes from the date hereof. Software.com
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause each person identified on
such list to deliver to Phone on or before the date hereof, written
agreements substantially in the form attached as Exhibit E or Exhibit H
hereto, as applicable, and in the event any other person becomes an affiliate
of Software.com thereafter to cause such person to deliver such an agreement
to Phone as soon as practicable but in any event at Closing.   SECTION 5.9
Nasdaq Listing.   Phone shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause
the Phone Common Stock issuable under Article 2 to be approved for listing on
the Nasdaq National Market, subject to official notice of issuance, as
promptly as practicable after the date hereof, and in any event prior to the
Closing Date.   SECTION 5.10 Tax and Accounting Treatment.   Each of
Phone, Software.com and their respective subsidiaries shall use all
reasonable efforts to cause the Merger to qualify (i) for treatment as
a pooling of interests for accounting purposes and (ii) as a reorganization
within the meaning of section 368(a) of the Code, and to obtain the opinions
of counsel referred to in sections 6.2 and 6.3. Neither Phone, nor
Software.com, nor their respective subsidiaries, shall take any action to
cause the Merger to fail to qualify (i) for treatment as a pooling of
interests for accounting purposes or (ii) as a reorganization within the
meaning of section 368(a) of the Code.   47    SECTION 5.11 Post-Merger
Operations.   Following the Effective Time, the headquarters of Phone and
its subsidiaries shall be located in Redwood City, California, until such
time as the Board of Directors of Phone otherwise determines.   SECTION
5.12 Conveyance Taxes.   Software.com and Phone shall cooperate in the
preparation, execution and filing of all returns, questionnaires,
applications or other documents regarding any real property transfer or
gains, sales, use, transfer, value added, stock transfer and stamp taxes, any
transfer, recording, registration and other fees or any similar taxes which
become payable in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement that are required or permitted to be filed on or before the
Effective Time.   SECTION 5.13 Employee Benefits.   For a period of one
(1) year after the Closing, Phone covenants that it shall provide all active
employees of Software.com and their dependants and all qualified
beneficiaries with coverage under one or more Phone welfare benefit plans
(each, a "Phone Welfare Benefit Plan"), including without limitation health
coverage (collectively, "Coverage"), which meet the following requirements as
of the Effective Time: (A) the Coverage is comparable in the aggregate to
that provided under the Software.com welfare benefit plans listed in Section
5.13 of the Software.com Disclosure Schedule (each, a "Software.com Scheduled
Welfare Plan"), (B) service with Software.com prior to the Effective Time
shall be credited against all service and waiting period requirements
under the Phone Welfare Benefit Plans, (C) such Phone Welfare Benefit Plans
shall not provide for any pre-existing condition exclusions other than any
such exclusions existing under the Software.com Scheduled Welfare Plans, and
(D) the deductibles and/or copayments in effect under the Phone Welfare
Benefit Plans shall be credited with any applicable deductibles and/or
copayments paid by such individuals under the Software.com Scheduled Welfare
Plans for the plan year in which the Effective Time occurs.   SECTION 5.14
Consents of Accountants.   Phone and Software.com will each use all
reasonable efforts to cause to be delivered to each other consents from their
respective independent auditors, dated the date on which the Form S-4 shall
become effective, in form reasonably satisfactory to the recipient and
customary in scope and substance for consents delivered by independent public
accountants in connection with registration statements on Form S-4 under the
Securities Act.   SECTION 5.15 Phone Board and Officers.   (a) The Board
of Directors of Phone shall take all action necessary so that effective as of
the Effective Time, the Board of Directors of Phone consists of six members,
three (3) of whom are members of the current Phone Board of Directors
designated by Phone (the "Phone Designees") and three (3) of whom are members
of the current Software.com Board of Directors designated by Software.com
(the "Software.com Designees") and that each of the three (3) classes of
Phone Directors includes one Phone Designee and one
Software.com Designee.   48    (b) The Board of Directors of Phone will
take all necessary action to appoint, effective as of the Effective Time, (i)
Donald J. Listwin to the position of President and Chief Executive Officer of
Phone, (ii) Alain Rossmann to the position of Executive Vice President and
Chairman of the Board of Phone, (iii) John L. MacFarlane to the position of
Executive Vice President of Phone and (iv) Alan S. Black to the position of
Chief Financial Officer of Phone. Phone shall take all action necessary to
elect such additional members of management and executive officers of Phone
as the Board of Directors of Phone may determine.   SECTION 5.16 Rights
Plans.   (a) Phone shall not redeem the Phone Rights, or amend, modify
(other than to delay any "distribution date" therein) or terminate the Phone
Rights Plan prior to the Effective Time unless required to do so by order of
a court of competent jurisdiction.   (b) Software.com shall not redeem the
Software.com Rights or amend, modify (other than to delay any "distribution
date" therein) or terminate the Software.com Rights Plan prior to the
Effective Time unless required to do so by order of a court of competent
jurisdiction.   SECTION 5.17 Action by Board of Directors.   Prior to the
Effective Time, the board of directors of each of Phone and Software.com
shall comply as applicable with the provisions of the SEC\'s no- action
letter dated January 12, 1999, addressed to Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher and
Flom LLP relating to Rule 16b of the Exchange Act.   ARTICLE 6.  
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT   SECTION 6.1 Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to
Effect The Merger.   The respective obligation of each party to effect the
Merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver on or prior to the Closing
Date of the following conditions:   (a) Stockholder Approvals.   Each of
the Phone Stockholder Approval and the Software.com Stockholder Approval
shall have been obtained.   (b) HSR Act.   The waiting period (and any
extension thereof) applicable to the Merger under the HSR Act shall have been
terminated or shall have expired.   (c) Governmental and Regulatory
Approvals.   Other than the filing of the Certificates of Merger provided
for under Section 1.3 and filings pursuant to the HSR Act (which are
addressed in Section 6.1(b)), all consents, approvals and actions of, filings
with and notices to any Governmental Entity required of Phone, Software.com
or any of their subsidiaries to consummate the Merger and the other
transactions   49   contemplated hereby (together with the matters
contemplated by Section 6.1(b), the "Requisite Regulatory Approvals") shall
have been obtained.   (d) No Injunctions or Restraints.   No judgment,
order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation, entered, enacted,
promulgated, enforced or issued by any court or other Governmental Entity of
competent jurisdiction or other legal restraint or prohibition (collectively,
"Restraints") shall be in effect (i) preventing the consummation of the
Merger, or (ii) which otherwise is reasonably likely to have a material
adverse effect on Phone following the Effective Time or the
effective operation of the combined company following consummation of the
Merger.   (e) Form S-4.   The Form S-4 shall have become effective under
the Securities Act prior to the mailing of the Joint Proxy Statement by each
of Phone and Software.com to their respective stockholders and no stop order
or proceedings seeking a stop order shall be threatened by the SEC or shall
have been initiated by the SEC.   (f) Nasdaq Listings.   The shares of
Phone Common Stock issuable to the stockholders of Software.com as
contemplated by Article 2 shall have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq
National Market, subject to official notice of issuance.   SECTION 6.2
Conditions to Obligations of Software.com.   The obligation of Software.com
to effect the Merger is further subject to satisfaction or waiver of the
following conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties.   The
representations and warranties of Phone and Merger Sub set forth herein shall
be true and correct both when made and at and as of the Closing Date, as if
made at and as of such time (except to the extent expressly made as of an
earlier date, in which case as of such date), except where the failure
of such representations and warranties (other than those set forth in
Section 3.1(c)) which shall be true and correct in all material respects to
be so true and correct (without giving effect to any limitation as to
"materiality" or "material adverse effect" set forth therein) does not have,
and is not likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a "material
adverse effect" on Phone.   (b) Performance of Obligations of Phone and
Merger Sub.   Each of Phone and Merger Sub shall have performed in all
material respects all obligations required to be performed by it under this
Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date.   50    (c) No Material
Adverse Change.   At any time after the date of this Agreement there shall
not have occurred any material adverse change relating to Phone.   (d)
Officer\'s Certificate.   Software.com shall have received an officer\'s
certificate duly executed by each of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer of Phone to the effect that the conditions set forth in
Sections 6.2(a), (b) and (c) have been satisfied.   (e) Tax Opinion.  
Software.com shall have received an opinion of Wilson, Sonsini, Goodrich and
Rosati, Professional Corporation, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to Software.com, dated as of the Effective Time,
substantially to the effect that, on the basis of facts, representations and
assumptions set forth in such opinion, for United States federal income tax
purposes, the Merger will constitute a "reorganization" within the meaning of
section 368(a) of the Code.   In rendering such opinion, Wilson, Sonsini,
Goodrich and Rosati, Professional Corporation may receive and rely upon
representations contained in certificates of Software.com, Phone, Merger Sub
and others, and the parties agree to provide Wilson, Sonsini, Goodrich and
Rosati, Professional Corporation with such certificates as Wilson, Sonsini,
Goodrich and Rosati, Professional Corporation may reasonably request in
connection with rendering its opinion.   SECTION 6.3 Conditions to
Obligations of Phone and Merger Sub.   The obligations of Phone and Merger
Sub to effect the Merger are further subject to satisfaction or waiver of the
following conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties.   The
representations and warranties of Software.com set forth herein shall be true
and correct both when made and at and as of the Closing Date, as if made at
and as of such time (except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier
date, in which case as of such date), except where the failure of
such representations and warranties (other than those set forth in Section
3.2(c)) which shall be true and correct in all material respects to be so
true and correct (without giving effect to any limitation as to
"materiality," or "material adverse effect" set forth therein) does not have,
and is not likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material
adverse effect on Software.com.   (b) Performance of Obligations of
Software.com.   Software.com shall have performed in all material respects
all obligations required to be performed by it under this Agreement at or
prior to the Closing Date.   (c) No Material Adverse Change.   51   
At any time after the date of this Agreement there shall not have occurred
any material adverse change relating to Software.com.   (d) Officer\'s
Certificate.   Phone shall have received an officer\'s certificate duly
executed by each of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
of Software.com to the effect that the conditions set forth in Sections
6.3(a), (b) and (c) have been satisfied.   (e) Tax Opinion.   Phone shall
have received an opinion of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher and Flom LLP, in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to Phone, dated as of the Effective
Time, substantially to the effect that, on the basis of
facts, representations and assumptions set forth in such opinion, for United
States federal income tax purposes, the Merger will constitute a
"reorganization" within the meaning of section 368(a) of the Code.   In
rendering such opinion, Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher and Flom LLP may receive
and rely upon representations contained in certificates of Phone, Merger Sub,
Software.com and others, and the parties agree to provide Skadden, Arps,
Slate, Meagher and Flom LLP with such certificates as Skadden, Arps,
Slate, Meagher and Flom LLP may reasonably request in connection with rendering
its opinion.   ARTICLE 7.   TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER   SECTION
7.1 Termination.   This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the
Effective Time, and (except in the case of 7.1(e) or 7.1(f)) whether before
or after the Phone Stockholder Approval or the Software.com Stockholder
Approval:   (a) by mutual written consent of Software.com and Phone, if the
Board of Directors of each so determines by a vote of a majority of its
entire board;   (b) by either the Board of Directors of Software.com or the
Board of Directors of Phone:   (i) if the Merger shall not have been
consummated by March 31, 2001 (the "Outside Date") unless such termination
right has been expressly restricted in writing by the Board of Directors of
Software.com or Phone, as the case may be; provided, however, that the right
to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.1(b)(i) shall not be
available to any party whose failure to perform any of its obligations under
this Agreement results in the failure of the Merger to be consummated by such
time; provided, however, that  -------- ------- in the event either Phone or
Software.com has received a request, demand or legal order from a
Governmental Entity with responsibility for administering antitrust,
competition or other similar foreign rules, regulations or laws
for additional documentation or other information, the Outside Date shall
be extended to June 30, 2001;   52    (ii) if the Phone Stockholder
Approval shall not have been obtained at a Phone Stockholders\' Meeting duly
convened therefor or at any adjournment or postponement thereof;   (iii) if
the Software.com Stockholder Approval shall not have been obtained at a
Software.com Stockholders\' Meeting duly convened therefor or at any
adjournment or postponement thereof;   (iv) if any Restraint having any of
the effects set forth in Section 6.1(d) shall be in effect and shall have
become final and nonappealable, or if any Governmental Entity that must grant
a Requisite Regulatory Approval has denied approval of the Merger and such
denial has become final and nonappealable;   (c) by the Board of Directors
of Software.com if either of Phone or Merger Sub shall have breached or
failed to perform any of its representations, warranties, covenants or other
agreements contained in this Agreement, which breach or failure to perform
(A) would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in Section 6.2(a)
or (b), and (B) is incapable of being cured by Phone or is not cured within
fifteen (15) business days of written notice thereof;   (d) by the Board of
Directors of Phone, if Software.com shall have breached or failed to perform
in any material respect any of its representations, warranties, covenants or
other agreements contained in this Agreement, which breach or failure to
perform (A) would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in
Section 6.3(a) or (b), and (B) is incapable of being cured by Software.com or
is not cured within fifteen (15) business days of written notice thereof;  
(e) by the Board of Directors of Software.com, at any time prior to the Phone
Stockholders\' Meeting, if (i) the Phone Board of Directors shall have (A)
failed to include in the Joint Proxy Statement to the stockholders of
Phone, its recommendation without modification or qualification that such
stockholders approve the issuance of Phone Common Stock in the Merger and the
Charter Amendment, (B) subsequently withdrawn such recommendation, (C)
modified or qualified such recommendation in a manner adverse to the
interests of Software.com or (D) failed to reconfirm such recommendation
within ten (10) business days of receipt of a written request from
Software.com to do so or (ii) Phone shall have materially breached the
provisions of Section 4.2 of this Agreement;   (f) by the Board of
Directors of Phone, at any time prior to the Software.com Stockholders\'
Meeting, if (i) the Software.com Board of Directors shall have (A) failed to
include in the Joint Proxy Statement to the stockholders of Software.com, its
recommendation without modification or qualification that such stockholders
approve this Agreement and the transaction contemplated hereby, or (B)
subsequently withdrawn such recommendation, or (C) modified or qualified such
recommendation in a manner adverse to the interests of Phone, or (D) failed
to reconfirm such recommendation within ten (10) business days of receipt of
a written request from Phone to do so or (ii) Software.com shall have
materially breached the provisions of Section 4.3 of this Agreement.  
SECTION 7.2 Effect of Termination.   53    (a) In the event of
termination of this Agreement as provided in Section 7.1 hereof, and subject
to the provisions of Section 8.1 hereof, this Agreement shall forthwith
become void and there shall be no liability on the part of any of the
parties, except (i) as set forth in this Section 7.2 and in Sections 5.3,
5.6, 3.1(n) and 3.2(n) hereof, and (ii) nothing herein shall relieve any
party from liability for any willful breach hereof.   (b) (1) If this
Agreement is terminated by Software.com or Phone pursuant to Section
7.1(b)(ii) hereof because of the failure to obtain the required approval from
the Phone stockholders and at the time of such termination or prior to the
meeting of Phone\'s stockholders there shall have been a publicly-announced
and not irrevocably and unconditionally withdrawn offer or proposal for, or
any agreement with respect to, a transaction that would constitute an
Alternative Transaction (as defined in Section 4.2(a) hereof, except that for
purposes of this Section 7.2(b), the applicable percentage of clause (i) of
such definition shall be fifty percent (50%)) involving Phone or any of the
Phone subsidiaries (whether or not such offer, proposal, announcement or
agreement shall have been rejected prior to the time of such termination or
of the meeting), Phone shall pay to Software.com an amount equal to
Software.com\'s actual out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses incurred in
connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby (the
"Software.com Expenses").   (2) If, within twelve (12) months following a
termination contemplated by (1) above, (x) Phone consummates an Alternative
Transaction or (y) Phone enters into an agreement or binding letter of intent
providing for an Alternative Transaction, then Phone shall pay to
Software.com a termination fee equal to One Hundred Ninety-Five Million
Dollars ($195,000,000.00) (the "Termination Fee") minus the Software.com
Expenses already paid pursuant to (1) above.   (3) If this Agreement is
terminated (i) by Software.com as a result of Phone\'s material breach of
Section 5.1(b) hereof, which is not cured within thirty (30) days after
notice thereof to Phone, or (ii) by Software.com pursuant to Section 7.1(e)
hereof, Phone shall pay to Software.com an amount equal to the Termination
Fee.   (c) (1) If this Agreement is terminated by Software.com or
Phone pursuant to Section 7.1(b)(iii) hereof because of the failure to obtain
the required approval from the Software.com stockholders and at the time of
such termination or prior to the meeting of Software.com\'s stockholders
there shall have been a publicly-announced and not irrevocably and
unconditionally withdrawn offer or proposal for, or any agreement with
respect to, a transaction that would constitute an Alternative Transaction
(as defined in Section 4.2(a) hereof, except that for purposes of this
Section 7.2(c), the applicable percentage of clause (i) of such definition
shall be fifty percent (50%)) involving Software.com or any of the
Software.com subsidiaries (whether or not such offer, proposal, announcement
or agreement shall have been rejected prior to the time of such termination
or of the meeting), Software.com shall pay to Phone an amount equal to
Phone\'s actual out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection
with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby (the "Phone
Expenses").   (2) If, within twelve (12) months following a
termination contemplated by (1) above, (x) Software.com consummates an
Alternative Transaction or (y) Software.com enters into an agreement or
binding letter of intent providing for an Alternative Transaction, then  
54   Software.com shall pay to Phone a termination fee equal to the
Termination Fee minus the Phone Expenses already paid pursuant to (1)
above.   (3) If this Agreement is terminated (i) by Phone as a result
of Software.com\'s material breach of Section 5.1(c) hereof which is not
cured within thirty (30) days after notice thereof to Software.com, or (ii)
by Phone pursuant to Section 7.1(f) hereof, Software.com shall pay to Phone
an amount equal to the Termination Fee.   (d) Each payment of Software.com
Expenses, Phone Expenses or the Termination Fee payable under Sections
7.2(b)(1) , 7.2(b)(2), 7.2 (c)(1) or 7.2(c)(2) above shall be payable in
cash, payable no later than one (1) business day following the delivery of
notice of termination to the other party.   (e) Each Termination Fee payable
under Section 7.2(b)(3) shall be payable in cash and shares of Phone Common
Stock, in such combination as Phone may elect (provided that the cash
component must be at least Forty Million Dollars ($40,000,000.00)) with an
aggregate value (for all purposes of this Section 7.2(e), such shares of
Phone Common Stock shall be valued at a price per share equal to the average
closing price per share of Phone Common Stock for the five (5) most recent
trading days that Phone Common Stock has traded ending on the trading day
immediately prior to the termination date, as reported on the Nasdaq National
Market) equal to the Termination Fee, payable no later than three (3)
business days following the delivery of notice of termination to the other
party. If Phone satisfies its obligation to pay the Termination Fee in part
by issuing shares of Phone Common Stock (the "Phone Termination Fee Shares"),
then Software.com shall be entitled to registration rights with respect to
such shares as described in the Phone Stock Option Agreement (treating Phone
Termination Fee Shares for all purposes of Section 7 of the Phone Stock
Option Agreement as if they were Option Shares (as defined in the Phone Stock
Option Agreement)).   (f) Each Termination Fee payable under Section
7.2(c)(3) shall be paid in cash and shares of Software.com Common Stock, in
such combination as Software.com may elect (provided that the cash component
must be at least Forty Million Dollars ($40,000,000.00)) with an aggregate
value (for all purposes of this Section 7.2(e), such shares of Software.com
Common Stock to be valued at a price per share equal to the average closing
price per share of Software.com Common Stock for the five (5) most recent
trading days that Software.com Common Stock has traded ending on the trading
day immediately prior to the termination date, as reported on the Nasdaq
National Market) equal to the Termination Fee, payable no later than three
(3) business days following the delivery of notice of termination to the
other party. If Software.com satisfies its obligation to pay the Termination
Fee in part by issuing shares of Software.com Common Stock (the "Software.com
Termination Fee Shares"), then Phone shall be entitled to registration rights
with respect to such shares as described in the Software.com Stock Option
Agreement (treating Software.com Termination Fee Shares for all purposes of
Section 7 of the Software.com Stock Option Agreement as if they were Option
Shares (as defined in the Software.com Stock Option Agreement)).   (g)
Software.com and Phone agree that the agreements contained in Sections 7.2(b)
and (c) above are an integral part of the transaction contemplated by this
Agreement and constitute liquidated damages and not a penalty. If one party
fails to promptly pay to the other any fee due under such Sections 7.2(b) and
(c), the defaulting party shall pay the costs and   55   expenses
(including legal fees and expenses) in connection with any action, including
the filing of any lawsuit or other legal action, taken to
collect payment.   SECTION 7.3 Amendment.   Subject to compliance with
applicable law, this Agreement may be amended by the parties at any time
before or after the Phone Stockholder Approval or the Software.com
Stockholder Approval; provided, however, that after any such approval, there
may not be, without further approval of such the stockholders of Phone (in
the case of the Phone Stockholder Approval) and the stockholders of
Software.com (in the case of the Software.com Stockholder Approval), any
amendment of this Agreement that changes the amount or the form of the
consideration to be delivered to the holders of Software.com Common
Stock hereunder, or which by law otherwise expressly requires the further
approval of such stockholders. This Agreement may not be amended except by an
instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the parties hereto and duly
approved by the parties\' respective Boards of Directors or a duly designated
committee thereof.   SECTION 7.4 Extension; Waiver.   At any time prior to
the Effective Time, a party may, subject to the proviso of Section 7.3 (and
for this purpose treating any waiver referred to below as an amendment), (a)
extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts
of the other parties, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and
warranties of the other parties contained in this Agreement or in any
document delivered pursuant to this Agreement or (c) waive compliance by the
other party with any of the agreements or conditions contained in this
Agreement. Any agreement on the part of a party to any such extension
or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed
on behalf of such party. Any extension or waiver given in compliance with
this Section 7.4 or failure to insist on strict compliance with an
obligation, covenant, agreement or condition shall not operate as a waiver
of, or estoppel with respect to, any subsequent or other failure.   ARTICLE
8.   GENERAL PROVISIONS   SECTION 8.1 Nonsurvival of Representations and
Warranties.   None of the representations and warranties in this Agreement
or in any instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the
Effective Time. This Section 8.1 shall not limit any covenant or agreement of
the parties which by its terms contemplates performance after the Effective
Time.   SECTION 8.2 Notices.   All notices, requests, claims, demands and
other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be
deemed given if delivered personally, telecopied or faxed (which is
confirmed) or sent by overnight courier (providing proof of delivery) to the
parties at the following addresses (or at such other address for a party as
shall be specified by like notice):   56    (a) if to Software.com
to:   Software.com, Inc.  525 Anacapa Street  Santa Barbara, CA 93101 
Attention: General Counsel  Facsimile: (805) 957-1532   with copies to:  
Wilson Sonsini Goodrich and Rosati, Professional Corporation  650 Page Mill
Road  Palo Alto, CA 94304  Attention: Elizabeth R. Flint, Esq.  Facsimile:
(650) 493-6811   and to:   Wilson Sonsini Goodrich and Rosati, Professional
Corporation  Spear Street Tower, Suite 3300  One Market Plaza  San
Francisco, CA 94105  Attention: Steve L. Camahort, Esq.  Facsimile: (415)
947-2099   (b) if to Phone or Merger Sub, to it at:   Phone.com, Inc. 
800 Chesapeake Drive  Redwood City, CA 94063  Attention: General Counsel 
Facsimile: (650) 817-7190   with a copy to:   Skadden, Arps, Slate,
Meagher and Flom LLP  525 University Avenue, Suite 220  Palo Alto, CA 94301 
Attention: Kenton J. King, Esq.  Facsimile: (650) 470-4570  SECTION 8.3
Definitions.   For purposes of this Agreement:   (a) An "affiliate" of any
person means another person that directly or indirectly, through one or more
intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with,
such first person, where "control" means the possession, directly or
indirectly, of   57   the power to direct or cause the direction of the
management policies of a person, whether through the ownership of voting
securities, by contract, as trustee or executor, or otherwise;   (b)
"material adverse change" or "material adverse effect" means, when used in
connection with Phone or Software.com, any change, effect, event, occurrence
or state of facts that is or could reasonably be expected to be materially
adverse to the business, financial condition or results of operations of such
party and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, it being understood that none of
the following shall be deemed by itself or by themselves, either alone or in
combination, to constitute a material adverse effect: (i) a change in
the market price or trading volume of Software.com Common Stock or Phone
Common Stock, as the case may be or (ii) conditions affecting the U.S.
economy as a whole;   (c) "person" means an individual, corporation,
partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, trust,
unincorporated organization or other entity;   (d) a "subsidiary" of any
person means another person, an amount of the voting securities, other voting
ownership or voting partnership interests of which is sufficient to elect at
least a majority of its Board of Directors or other governing body (or, if
there are no such voting interests, fifty percent (50%) or more of the equity
interests of which) is owned directly or indirectly by such first person;
and   (e) "knowledge" of any person which is not an individual means
the knowledge of such person\'s executive officers or senior management of
such person\'s operating divisions and segments.   SECTION 8.4
Interpretation.   When a reference is made in this Agreement to an Article,
Section or Exhibit, such reference shall be to an Article or Section of, or
an Exhibit to, this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. Whenever the words
"include," "includes" or "including" are used in this Agreement, they shall
be deemed to be followed by the words "without limitation." The words
"hereof," "herein" and "hereunder" and words of similar import when used in
this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any
particular provision of this Agreement. All terms defined in this Agreement
shall have the defined meanings when used in any certificate or other
document made or delivered pursuant hereto unless otherwise defined therein.
The definitions contained in this Agreement are applicable to the singular as
well as the plural forms of such terms and to the masculine as well as to the
feminine and neuter genders of such term. Any agreement, instrument or
statute defined or referred to herein or in any agreement or instrument that
is referred to herein means such agreement, instrument or statute as from
time to time amended, modified or supplemented, including (in the case of
agreements or instruments) by waiver or consent and (in the case of statutes)
by succession of comparable successor statutes and references to all
attachments thereto and instruments incorporated therein. References to a
person are also to its permitted successors and assigns.   58    SECTION
8.5 Counterparts.   This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and
shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each
of the parties and delivered to the other parties.   SECTION 8.6 Entire
Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries.   This Agreement (including the
documents and instruments referred to herein), the Option Agreements, the
Voting Agreements and the Confidentiality Agreement (a) constitute the entire
agreement, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, both
written and oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter of
this Agreement and (b) except for the provisions of Section 5.5, are not
intended to confer upon any person other than the parties any rights or
remedies.   SECTION 8.7 Governing Law.   This Agreement shall be governed
by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware,
regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable
principles of conflict of laws thereof.   SECTION 8.8 Assignment.  
Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations under
this Agreement shall be assigned, in whole or in part, by operation of law or
otherwise by either of the parties hereto without the prior written
consent of the other party. Any assignment in violation of the preceding
sentence shall be void. Subject to the preceding two sentences, this
Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable
by, the parties and their respective successors and assigns.   SECTION 8.9
Consent to Jurisdiction.   Each of the parties hereto (a) consents to submit
itself to the personal jurisdiction of any federal court located in the State
of Delaware or any Delaware state court in the event any dispute arises out
of this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
(b) agrees that it will not attempt to deny or defeat such personal
jurisdiction by motion or other request for leave from any such court, and
(c) agrees that it will not bring any action relating to this Agreement or
any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in any court other
than a federal court sitting in the State of Delaware or a Delaware state
court.   SECTION 8.10 Headings, etc.   The headings and table of contents
contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not
affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.  
SECTION 8.11 Severability.   If any term or other provision of this
Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of
law or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this  
59   Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect, insofar
as the foregoing can be accomplished without materially affecting the
economic benefits anticipated by the parties to this Agreement. Upon such
determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or
incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith
to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties
as closely as possible to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in
an acceptable manner to the end that the transactions contemplated hereby are
fulfilled to the extent possible.   60    IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
Software.com, Phone.com and Merger Sub have caused this Agreement to be
signed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, all as of the
date first written above.    SOFTWARE.COM, INC.   By: /s/ John
MacFarlane  -------------------  Name: John MacFarlane  Title: Chief
Executive Officer    PHONE.COM, INC.   By: /s/ Alain Rossmann 
------------------  Name: Alain Rossmann  Title: Chief Executive
Officer    SILVER MERGER SUB INC.   By: /s/ Kennen J. Hagen 
-------------------  Name: Kennen J. Hagen  Title:   61    Exhibit
A   STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT   (PHONE.COM, INC. SHARES)    STOCK OPTION
AGREEMENT   (PHONE.COM, INC. SHARES)   THIS STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT (this
"AGREEMENT"), dated August 8, 2000, between Phone.com, Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("Issuer"), and Software.com, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Grantee").   WITNESSETH:   WHEREAS, Grantee and Issuer have entered into
an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 8, 2000 (the "Merger
Agreement"), which provides, among other things, for the merger of Merger Sub
with and into Grantee with Grantee continuing as the surviving corporation
upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger
Agreement (capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the
respective meanings specified in the Merger Agreement); and   WHEREAS, as a
condition to Grantee\'s entering into the Merger Agreement and in
consideration therefor, Issuer has agreed to grant Grantee the Option (as
hereinafter defined).   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing
and the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein and in the Merger
Agreement, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree
as follows:   1. GRANT OF OPTION. Issuer hereby grants to Grantee an 
--------------- unconditional, irrevocable option (the "Option") to purchase,
subject to the terms hereof, sixteen million five hundred sixteen thousand
four hundred ninety- five (16,516,497) shares of fully paid and nonassessable
common stock of the Issuer, par value $.001 per share ("Common Stock"), equal
to and in no event exceeding nineteen and nine-tenths percent (19.9%) of the
shares of Common Stock outstanding as of July 31, 2000 the date hereof, at a
purchase price of $78.0625 per share of Common Stock as adjusted in
accordance with the provisions of Section 6 of this Agreement (such price, as
adjusted if applicable, the "Option Price").   2. EXERCISE OF OPTION.  
(a) Grantee may exercise the Option, in whole or part, and from time to time,
if, but only if, a Triggering Event (as hereinafter defined) shall
have occurred prior to the occurrence of an Option Termination Event (as
hereinafter defined), provided that Grantee shall have sent the written
notice of such exercise (as provided in subsection (e) of this Section 2) on
or prior to the last date of the six (6)-month period following such
Triggering Event (the "Option Expiration Date").   (b) The term "Option
Termination Event" shall mean the first day after the earliest to occur of
the following dates: (i) the date on which the Effective Time of the Merger
occurs; (ii) the last date of the twelve (12) month period beginning on the
date of termination of the Merger Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1(b)(ii);
provided, that such termination has given  --------   rise to the right of
Grantee to receive payment of Software.com Expenses pursuant to Section
7.2(b)(1) of the Merger Agreement; provided, that subsequent  -------- to
such termination, if an event occurs that gives rise to the obligation
of Issuer to pay the Termination Fee pursuant to Section 7.2(b)(2) of the
Merger Agreement, then the last date of the six (6) month period beginning on
the date of actual payment of the Termination Fee by Issuer to Grantee
pursuant to Section 7.2(b)(2) of the Merger Agreement; (iii) the date of
termination of the Merger Agreement by either party pursuant to the
provisions of any section of the Merger Agreement other than Sections
7.1(b)(ii) (other than as provided in clause (ii) above); provided, that such
termination occurs prior to the  -------- occurrence of a Triggering Event;
and (iv) the last date of the six (6) month period beginning on the date of
the first occurrence of a Triggering Event; provided, however, that if the
Option cannot be exercised as of any such date by -------- ------- reason of
any applicable judgment, decree, law, regulation or order (each,
an "Impediment"), or by reason of the waiting period under the HSR Act, then
the Option Termination Event shall be delayed until the date which is thirty
(30) days after such Impediment has been removed or such waiting period has
expired.   (c) TRIGGERING EVENT. The term "Triggering Event" shall mean
any  ---------------- termination of the Merger Agreement which entitles
Grantee to receive payment of the Termination Fee from Issuer pursuant to
Section 7.2 of the Merger Agreement.   (d) NOTICE OF TRIGGERING EVENT.
Issuer shall notify Grantee  -------------------------- promptly in writing
of the occurrence of any Triggering Event, and in any event within twenty-
four (24) hours, it being understood that the giving of such notice by Issuer
shall not be a condition to the right of Grantee to exercise the Option or
for a Triggering Event to have occurred.   (e) NOTICE OF EXERCISE; CLOSING.
In the event Grantee is entitled  --------------------------- to and wishes
to exercise the Option, it shall send to Issuer a written notice (the date of
which being herein referred to as the "Notice Date") specifying (i) the total
number of shares it will purchase pursuant to such exercise and (ii) a place
and date which shall be a business day not earlier than three (3)
business days nor later than sixty (60) business days from the Notice Date
for the closing of such purchase (the "Closing Date"); provided, that if the
closing of the purchase and sale pursuant to the Option (the "Closing")
cannot be consummated, in the reasonable opinion of Grantee, by reason of any
applicable judgment, decree, order, law or regulation, the period of time
that otherwise would run pursuant to this sentence shall run instead from the
date on which such restriction on consummation has expired or been
terminated; and provided further, without limiting the foregoing, that if, in
the reasonable opinion of Grantee, prior notification to or approval of any
regulatory agency is required in connection with such purchase, Grantee shall
promptly file the required notice or application for approval and shall
expeditiously process the same and the period of time that otherwise would
run pursuant to this sentence shall run instead from the date on which any
required notification periods have expired or been terminated or such
approvals have been obtained and any requisite waiting period or periods
shall have passed. Any exercise of the Option shall be deemed to occur on the
Closing Date relating thereto.   (f) PURCHASE PRICE. At the Closing referred
to in subsection (e) of  -------------- this Section 2, Grantee shall pay to
Issuer the aggregate purchase price for the shares of Common Stock purchased
pursuant to the exercise of the Option in immediately available funds by wire
transfer to a bank account designated by Issuer, provided that failure or
refusal of Issuer to designate such a bank account shall not preclude Grantee
from exercising the Option.    (g) ISSUANCE OF COMMON STOCK. At such
Closing, simultaneously with  ------------------------ the delivery of
immediately available funds as provided in subsection (f) of this Section 2,
Issuer shall deliver to Grantee a certificate or certificates representing
the number of shares of Common Stock purchased by the Grantee and, if the
Option should be exercised in part only, a new Option evidencing the rights
of Grantee thereof to purchase the balance of the shares
purchasable hereunder, and the Grantee shall deliver to Issuer this Agreement
and a letter agreeing that Grantee will not offer to sell or otherwise
dispose of such shares in violation of applicable law or the provisions of
this Agreement.   (h) LEGEND. Certificates for Common Stock delivered at a
Closing  ------ hereunder may be endorsed with a restrictive legend that
shall read substantially as follows:   "THE TRANSFER AND VOTING OF THE
SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE  IS SUBJECT TO CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF
AN AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE  REGISTERED HOLDER HEREOF AND ISSUER AND TO RESALE
RESTRICTIONS ARISING  UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED. A COPY OF
SUCH AGREEMENT  IS ON FILE AT THE PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF ISSUER AND WILL BE
PROVIDED TO  THE HOLDER HEREOF WITHOUT CHARGE UPON RECEIPT BY ISSUER OF A
WRITTEN  REQUEST THEREFOR."   It is understood and agreed that: (i) the
reference to the resale restrictions of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the "Securities Act"), in the above legend shall be removed by
delivery of substitute certificate(s) without such reference if Grantee shall
have delivered to Issuer a copy of a letter from the staff of the SEC, or an
opinion of counsel, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Issuer,
to the effect that such legend is not required for purposes of the Securities
Act; (ii) the reference to the provisions of this Agreement in the above
legend shall be removed by delivery of substitute certificate(s) without such
reference if the shares have been sold or transferred in compliance with the
provisions of this Agreement and under circumstances that do not require the
retention of such reference; and (iii) the legend shall be removed in its
entirety if the conditions in the preceding clauses (i) and (ii) and both
satisfied. In addition, such certificates shall bear any other legend as may
be required by law.   (i) RECORD HOLDER; EXPENSES. Upon the Closing, Grantee
shall be  ----------------------- deemed to be the holder of record of the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon such exercise, notwithstanding that the
stock transfer books of Issuer shall then be closed or that certificates
representing such shares of Common Stock shall not then be actually delivered
to Grantee or the Issuer shall have failed or refused to designate the bank
account described in subsection (f) of this Section 2. Issuer shall pay all
expenses, and any and all United States federal, state and local taxes and
other charges that may be payable in connection with the preparation,
issuance and delivery of stock certificates under this Section 2 in the name
of Grantee or its assignee, transferee or designee.   3. CONDITIONS TO
DELIVERY OF OPTION SHARES. The obligation of Issuer to deliver Option Shares
upon any exercise of the Option is subject to the satisfaction of the
following conditions:    (a) All waiting periods, if any, under the HSR Act
applicable to the issuance of Option Shares hereunder shall have expired or
been terminated; and   (b) There shall be no preliminary or permanent
injunction or other order issued by any court of competent jurisdiction
preventing or prohibiting such exercise of the Option or the delivery of the
Option Shares in respect of such exercise.   4. RESERVATION OF SHARES.
Issuer agrees: (i) that it shall at all  --------------------- times
maintain, free from preemptive rights, sufficient authorized but unissued or
treasury shares of Common Stock (and other securities issuable pursuant
to Section 6) so that the Option may be exercised without additional
authorization of Common Stock (or such other securities) after giving effect
to all other options, warrants, convertible securities and other rights to
purchase Common Stock (or such other securities); (ii) that it will not, by
charter amendment or through reorganization, consolidation, merger,
dissolution or sale of assets, or by any other voluntary act avoid or seek to
avoid the observance or performance of any of the covenants, stipulations or
conditions to be observed or performed hereunder by Issuer; (iii) promptly to
take all action as may from time to time be required (including without
limitation complying with all premerger notification, reporting and waiting
periods in the HSR Act and the rules and regulations thereunder) in order to
permit Grantee to exercise the Option and the Issuer duly and effectively to
issue shares of Common Stock pursuant hereto; and (iv) promptly to take all
action provided herein to protect the rights of Grantee against dilution.  
5. LOST OPTIONS. Upon receipt by Issuer of evidence reasonably 
------------ satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation
of this Agreement, and (in the case of loss, theft or destruction) of
reasonably satisfactory indemnification, and upon surrender and cancellation
of this Agreement, if mutilated, Issuer will execute and deliver a new
Agreement of like tenor and date.   6. ADJUSTMENT UPON CHANGES IN
CAPITALIZATION. The number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon the
exercise of the Option shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as
provided in this Section 6.   (a) In the event that any additional shares of
Common Stock are issued or otherwise become outstanding after the date hereof
(other than by reason of subsection (b) of this Section 6), the number of
shares of Common Stock subject to the Option shall be increased so that,
after such issuance of additional shares, such number of shares then
remaining subject to the Option, together with shares theretofore issued
pursuant to the Option, equals nineteen and nine- tenths percent (19.9%) of
the number of such shares of Common Stock then issued and outstanding.  
(b) In the event of any change in Common Stock by reason of stock dividends,
other dividends on the Common Stock payable in securities or other property
(other than regular cash dividends), stock splits, merger, recapitalization,
combinations, subdivisions, conversions, exchanges of shares or other similar
transactions, then the type and number of shares of Common Stock purchasable
upon exercise hereof shall be appropriately adjusted, and proper provision
will be made in the agreements governing such transaction so that Grantee
shall receive upon exercise of the Option and payment of the aggregate Option
Price hereunder the   number and class of shares or other securities or
property that Grantee would have received in respect of Common Stock if the
Option had been exercised in full immediately prior to such event, or the
record date therefor, as applicable.   (c) Whenever the number of shares of
outstanding Common Stock changes after the date hereof as a result of the
events described in clause (b) hereof (but not the events described in clause
(a) hereof), the Option Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Option
Price by a fraction the numerator of which shall be equal to the aggregate
number of shares of Common Stock purchasable prior to the adjustment and the
denominator of which shall be equal to the aggregate number of shares of
Common Stock purchasable immediately after the adjustment.   (d) No
adjustment made in accordance with this Section 6 shall constitute or be
deemed a waiver of any breach of any of Issuer\'s representations,
warranties, covenants, agreements or obligations contained in the Merger
Agreement.   (e) If the Issuer satisfies a portion of its obligation to pay
Grantee a termination fee as permitted by Section 7.2 of the Merger Agreement
by issuing to Grantee shares of Common Stock (the "Termination Fee Shares"),
then the number of shares of Common Stock subject to the Option (including
those Option Shares which may have already been exercised) will be adjusted
so that the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock subject to the Option
and the number of Termination Fee Shares equals nineteen and nine-tenths
percent (19.9%) of the number of shares of Common Stock then issued and
outstanding, without giving effect to any Option Shares or Termination Fee
Shares.   7. REGISTRATION RIGHTS.  -------------------   (a) As used in
this Agreement, "Registrable Securities" means each of the Option Shares
issued to Grantee hereunder and any other securities issued in exchange for,
or issued as dividends or otherwise on or in respect of, any of such Option
Shares.   (b) At any time or from time to time within three (3) years of
the first Closing, Grantee may make a written request to Issuer for
registration under and in accordance with the provisions of the Securities
Act with respect to all or any part of the Registrable Securities (a "Demand
Registration"). A Demand Registration may be, at the option of Grantee, a
shelf registration or a registration involving an underwritten offering. As
soon as reasonably practicable after Grantee\'s request for a Demand
Registration, Issuer shall file one or more registration statements on any
appropriate form with respect to all of the Registrable Securities requested
to be so registered; provided that Issuer will not be required to file any
such registration statement during any period of time (not to exceed sixty
(60) days after such request in the case of clause (i) below or ninety (90)
days in the case of clauses (ii) or (iii) below) when (i) Issuer is in
possession of material non-public information which it reasonably believes
would be detrimental to be disclosed at such time, (ii) Issuer is required
under the Securities Act to include audited financial statements for any
period in such registration statement that are not yet available for
inclusion therein, or (iii) Issuer determines, in its reasonable judgment,
that such registration would interfere with any financing, acquisition or
other material transaction involving Issuer or any of its affiliates.
Issuer shall use its best efforts to have the Demand   Registration
declared effective as soon as reasonably practicable after such filing and to
keep the Demand Registration continuously effective for a period of at least
sixty (60) days following the date on which the Demand Registration is
declared effective, in the case of an underwritten offering, or at least
one hundred twenty (120) days following the date on which the Demand
Registration is declared effective, in the case of a shelf registration;
provided that, if for any reason the effectiveness of any Demand Registration
is suspended, the required period of effectiveness shall be extended by the
aggregate number of days of each such suspension; and provided, further, that
the effectiveness of any Demand Registration may be terminated if and when
all of the Registrable Securities covered thereby shall have been sold.
Grantee shall be entitled to two (2) Demand Registrations: provided, that
only requests relating to a registration statement that has become effective
under the Securities Act shall be counted for purposes of determining the
number of Demand Registrations made. If any Demand Registration involves an
underwritten offering, (i) Issuer shall have the right to select the managing
underwriter, which shall be reasonably acceptable to Grantee and (ii) Issuer
shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form.   (c) If at
any time within two (2) years of the first Closing, Issuer proposes to file a
registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to any shares of
any class of its equity securities to be sold for the account of Issuer
(other than a registration statement on Form S-4 or Form S-8 or any successor
form), and the registration form to be used may be used for the registration
of Registrable Securities, then Issuer shall in each case give written notice
of such proposed filing to Grantee at least twenty (20) days before the
anticipated filing date, and Grantee shall have the right to include in such
registration such number of Registrable Securities as Grantee may request
(such request to be made by written notice to Issuer within fifteen (15) days
following Grantee\'s receipt from Issuer of such notice of proposed
filing) (an "Incidental Registration"). Issuer shall use its commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the managing underwriter of any proposed
underwritten offering to permit Grantee to include in such offering all
Registrable Securities requested by Grantee to be included in the
registration for such offering on the same terms and conditions as any
similar securities of Issuer included therein. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if the managing underwriter of such offering advises Grantee that, in the
reasonable opinion of such underwriter, the amount of Registrable Securities
which Grantee requests to be included in such offering would materially and
adversely affect the success of such offering, then the amount of Registrable
Securities to be offered shall be reduced to the extent necessary to reduce
the total amount of securities to be included in such offering to the amount
recommended by such underwriter; provided that if the amount of Registrable
Securities shall be so reduced, Issuer shall include in such offering (i)
first all shares proposed to be included therein by the Issuer and (ii)
second the shares requested to be included therein by Grantee pro rata with
the shares intended to be included therein by any other stockholder of
the Issuer. Participation by Grantee in any Incidental registration shall
not affect the obligation of the Company to effect Demand Registrations under
this Section 4.1. The issuer may withdraw any registration under the
Securities Act that gives rise to an Incidental Registration without consent
of Grantee.   (d) In the event that Registrable Securities are included in
a "piggyback" registration statement pursuant to Section 7(c) hereof,
Grantee agrees not to effect any public sale or distribution of the issue
being registered or a similar security of Issuer, or any securities
convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for such securities,
including a sale pursuant to   Rule 144 under the Securities Act, during
the ten (10) business days prior to, and during the ninety (90)-day period
beginning on, the effective date of such registration statement (except as
part of such registration), if and to the extent timely notified in writing
by Issuer, in the case of a non-underwritten public offering, or by the
managing underwriter, in the case of an underwritten public offering. In the
event that Grantee requests a Demand Registration or if Registrable
Securities are included in a "piggyback" registration pursuant to Section
7(c) hereof, Issuer agrees not to effect any public sale or distribution of
the issue being registered or a similar security of Issuer, or any
securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for such
securities, during the period from such request until ninety (90) days after
the effective date of such registration statement (except as part of such
registration or pursuant to a registration of securities on Form S-4 or Form
S-8 or any successor form).   (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein, in the event that Grantee requests a Demand Registration or
a "piggyback" registration of Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 7(b)
or 7(c) hereof, respectively, Issuer shall have the right to purchase all,
but not less than all, of the Registrable Securities requested to be so
registered, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Section 7(e). If Issuer wishes to exercise such purchase right, then within
two (2) business days following receipt of a request for a Demand
Registration or a "piggyback" registration, Issuer shall send a written
notice (a "Repurchase Notice") to Grantee specifying that Issuer wishes to
exercise such purchase right, a date for the closing of such purchase, which
shall not be more than five (5) business days after delivery of
such Repurchase Notice, and a place for the closing of such purchase (a
"Repurchase Closing"). Upon delivery of a Repurchase Notice subject to
applicable Delaware law, a binding agreement shall be deemed to exist between
Grantee and Issuer providing for the purchase by Issuer of the Registrable
Securities requested to be registered by Grantee, upon the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth in this Section 7(e). The purchase price per
share or other unit of Registrable Securities (the "Repurchase Price") shall
equal the average per share or per unit closing price as quoted on the Nasdaq
(or if not then quoted thereon, on such other exchange or quotation system on
which the Registrable Securities are quoted) for the period of five (5)
trading days ending on the trading day immediately prior to the day on which
Grantee requests a Demand Registration or a "piggyback" registration of the
Registrable Securities which Issuer subsequently elects to purchase.
Grantee\'s obligation to deliver any Registrable Securities at a Repurchase
Closing shall be subject to the condition that, at such Repurchase Closing,
Issuer shall have delivered to Grantee a certificate signed on behalf of
Issuer by Issuer\'s chief executive officer and chief financial officer,
which certificate shall be satisfactory in form and substance to Grantee, to
the effect that the purchase by Issuer of such Registrable Securities (i) is
permitted under applicable Delaware corporate law and under the fraudulent
conveyance provisions of the federal bankruptcy code and (ii) does not
violate any material agreement to which Issuer or any of its subsidiaries is
a party or by which any of their properties or assets is bound. At any
Repurchase Closing, Issuer shall pay to Grantee the aggregate
Repurchase Price for the Registrable Securities being purchased by wire
transfer of immediately available funds or by delivering to Grantee a
certified or bank check payable to or on the order of Grantee in an amount
equal to such aggregate Repurchase Price, and Grantee will surrender to
Issuer a certificate or certificates evidencing such Registrable Securities.
A purchase of Registrable Securities by Issuer pursuant to this Section 7(e)
shall be considered a Demand Registration for purposes of Section 7(b)
hereof.    (f) The registrations effected under this Section 7 shall be
effected at Issuer\'s expense except for underwriting commissions allocable
to the Registrable Securities. Issuer shall indemnify and hold harmless
Grantee, its affiliates and controlling persons and their respective
officers, directors, agents and representatives from and against any and all
losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including, without
limitation, all out-of-pocket expenses, investigation expenses, expenses
incurred with respect to any judgment and fees and disbursements of counsel
and accountants) arising out of or based upon any statements contained in, or
omissions or alleged omissions from, each registration statement (and related
prospectus) filed pursuant to this Section 7; provided, however, that Issuer
shall not be liable in any such case to  -------- ------- Grantee or any
affiliate or controlling person of Grantee or any of their respective
officers, directors, agents or representatives to the extent that any such
loss, claim, damage, liability (or action or proceeding in respect
thereof) or expense arises out of or is based upon an untrue statement or
omission or alleged omission made in such registration statement or
prospectus in reliance upon, and in conformity with, written information
furnished to Issuer specifically for use in the preparation thereof by
Grantee such affiliate, controlling person, officer, director, agent or
representative, as the case may be.   8. REPURCHASE OF OPTION AND OPTION
SHARES.  --------------------------------------   (a) At the request of and
upon notice by Grantee (the "Put Notice") at any time during the period
during which the Option is exercisable pursuant to Section 2 (the "Purchase
Period"), the Issuer (or any successor entity thereof) will purchase from
Grantee all or any portion of the Option, to the extent not previously
exercised, at the price set forth in subparagraph (i) below, and all or any
portion of the Option Shares, if any, acquired by Grantee pursuant thereto,
at the price set forth in subparagraph (ii) below:   (i) the difference
between the "Market/Tender Offer Price" for the Common Stock as of the date
Grantee gives notice of its intent to exercise its rights under this Section
7(a) (defined as the higher of (A) the highest price per share offered as of
such date pursuant to any Acquisition Proposal which was made prior to such
date and (B) the average closing sale price of Common Stock then on the
Nasdaq National Market during the five (5) trading days ending on the trading
day immediately preceding such date) and the Exercise Price, multiplied by
the number of Common Stock purchasable pursuant to the Option, but only if
the Market/Tender Offer Price is greater than the Exercise Price. For
purposes of determining the highest price offered pursuant to any Acquisition
Proposal which involves consideration other than cash, the value of such
consideration will be equal to the higher of (x) if securities of the
same class of the proponent as such considerations are traded on any
national securities exchange or by any registered securities association, a
value based on the closing sale price or asked price for such securities on
their principal trading market on such date and (y) the value ascribed to
such consideration by the proponent of such Acquisition Proposal, or if no
such value is ascribed, a value determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors of the Issuer.   (ii) The Market/Tender Offer Price multiplied by
the number of shares of Common Stock so purchased.   9. REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES OF THE ISSUER. Issuer hereby 
-------------------------------------------- represents and warrants to
Grantee as follows:    (a) Issuer has full corporate power and authority to
execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and
validly authorized by the Board of Directors of Issuer and no other corporate
proceedings on the part of Issuer are necessary to authorize this Agreement
or to consummate the transactions so contemplated. This Agreement has been
duly and validly executed and delivered by Issuer. This Agreement is the
valid and legally binding obligation of Issuer, enforceable against Issuer in
accordance with its terms.   (b) Issuer has taken all necessary corporate
action to authorize and reserve and to permit it to issue, and at all times
from the date hereof through the termination of this Agreement in accordance
with its terms will have reserved for issuance upon the exercise of the
Option, that number of shares of Common Stock equal to the maximum number of
shares of Common Stock at any time and from time to time issuable hereunder,
and all such shares, upon issuance pursuant hereto, will be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid, nonassessable, and will be delivered free and
clear of all claims, liens, encumbrance and security interests and not
subject to any preemptive rights.   (c) The execution and delivery of this
Agreement does not, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby will not (i) conflict with, or result in any violation or breach of
any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, as amended to date, or
Bylaws, as amended to date, of Issuer, (ii) result in any violation or breach
of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) a
default (or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration
of any obligation or loss of any benefit) under any of the terms, conditions
or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease, contract or
other agreement, instrument or obligation to which the Issuer or any of its
Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them or any of their properties or
assets may be bound, or (iii) conflict or violate any permit, concession,
franchise, license, judgment, order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or
regulation applicable to Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries or any of its or
their properties or assets, except in the case of (ii) and (iii) for any such
violations, breaches, defaults, terminations, cancellations, accelerations or
conflicts which could not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material
adverse effect (as defined in the Merger Agreement) on Issuer and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or impair the ability of Issuer to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (d) The Issuer has taken,
and will in the future take, all steps necessary to irrevocably exempt the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement from any applicable state
takeover law and from any applicable charter or contractual provision
containing change of control or anti-takeover provisions.   10.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE GRANTEE. Grantee hereby 
--------------------------------------------- represents and warrants to
Issuer as follows:   (a) Grantee has full corporate power and authority to
execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and
validly authorized by the Board of Directors of Grantee and no other
corporate   proceedings on the part of Grantee are necessary to authorize
this Agreement or to consummate the transactions so contemplated. This
Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Grantee. This
Agreement is the valid and legally binding obligation of Grantee, enforceable
against Grantee in accordance with its terms.   (b) The execution and
delivery of this Agreement does not, and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby will not (i) conflict with, or result in any violation or
breach of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, as amended to
date, or Bylaws, as amended to date, of Grantee, (ii) result in any violation
or breach of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time, or
both) a default (or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or
acceleration of any obligation or loss of any benefit) under any of the
terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage,
indenture, lease, contract or other agreement, instrument or obligation to
which the Grantee or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of
them or any of their properties or assets may be bound, or (iii) conflict or
violate any permit, concession, franchise, license, judgment, order, degree,
statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to Grantee or any of
its Subsidiaries or any of its or their properties or assets, except in the
case of (ii) and (iii) for any such violations, breaches, defaults,
terminations, cancellations, accelerations or conflicts which could not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect (as defined
in the Merger Agreement) on Grantee and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole,
or impair the ability of Grantee to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.   (c) The Grantee has taken, and will in the future take,
all steps necessary to irrevocably exempt the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement from any applicable state takeover law and from any applicable
charter or contractual provision containing change of control or anti-
takeover provisions.   11. GRANTEE COMPLIANCE. Grantee shall acquire the
Option Shares for  ------------------ investment purposes only and not with
a view to any distribution thereof in violation of the Securities Act, and
shall not sell any Option Shares purchased pursuant to this Agreement except
in compliance with the Securities Act.   12. ASSIGNMENT OF OPTION BY
GRANTEE. Neither of the parties hereto  ------------------------------- may
assign any of its rights or obligations under this Option Agreement or
the Option created hereunder to any other person, without the express
written consent of the other party.   13. LIMITATION OF GRANTEE PROFIT. 
----------------------------   (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of
this Agreement, in no event shall the Grantee\'s Total Profit (as hereinafter
defined) exceed Two Hundred Thirty Million Four Hundred Fifty-Four Thousand
Five Hundred Forty-Five dollars ($230,454,545.00) (the "Profit Cap") and, if
it otherwise would exceed such amount, the Grantee, at its sole election,
shall either (i) reduce the number of shares of Common Stock subject to this
Option, (ii) deliver to the Issuer for cancellation Option Shares previously
purchased by, or Termination Fee Shares (or other securities into which such
Termination Fee Shares are converted or exchanged) to Grantee (valued, for
the purposes of this Section 12(a) at the average closing sales price per
share of Common Stock (or if there is no sale on such date then the average
between the closing bid and   ask prices on any such day) as reported by
the Nasdaq National Market for the five (5) consecutive trading days
preceding the day on which the Grantee\'s Total Profit exceeds the Profit
Cap, (iii) pay cash to the Issuer, (iv) reduce the number of Termination Fee
Shares to be paid by the Grantee or (v) any combination thereof, so that
Grantee\'s actually realized Total Profit shall not exceed the Profit Cap
after taking into account the foregoing actions.   (b) As used herein, the
term "Total Profit" shall mean the amount (before taxes) of the following:
(a) the aggregate amount of (i) (x) the net cash amounts received by Grantee
pursuant to the sale of Option Shares or Termination Fee Shares (or any other
securities into which such Option Shares or Termination Fee Shares are
converted or exchanged) to any unaffiliated party or to Issuer pursuant to
this Agreement, less (y) the Grantee\'s purchase price of such Option Shares
or other securities, (ii) any amounts received by Grantee on the transfer of
the Option (or any portion thereof), if permitted hereunder, and (iii) the
amount received by Grantee pursuant to Section 7.2 of the Merger Agreement;
minus (b) the amount of cash theretofore paid to the Issuer pursuant to this
Section 12 plus the value of the Option Shares or Termination Fee Shares or
other securities theretofore delivered to the Issuer for
cancellation pursuant to this Section 12.  Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement shall affect the
ability of Grantee to receive nor relieve Issuer\'s obligation to pay a fee
pursuant to Section 7.2 of the Merger Agreement; provided that if Total
Profit received by Grantee would exceed the Profit Cap following the receipt
of such fee, Grantee shall be obligated to comply with the terms of Section
12(a) within five (5) days of the later of (i) the date of receipt of such
fee and (ii) the date of receipt of the net cash by Grantee pursuant to
the sale of Option Shares or Termination Fee Shares (or, any other securities
into which such Option Shares or Termination Fee Shares are converted or
exchanged) pursuant to this Agreement.   (c) Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement, the Option may not be exercised for a number of
Option Shares that would, as of the Notice Date, result in a Notional Total
Profit (as defined below) of more than the Profit Cap; provided; however,
that Grantee may indicate in its notice of exercise that Grantee is taking
any of the actions described in subsection (a) hereof so as to reduce the
Notional Total Profit to not more than the Profit Cap and preserve its rights
to exercise the Option for the resulting number of Option Shares. "Notional
Total Profit" shall mean, with respect to any number of Option Shares as to
which the Grantee may propose to exercise the Option, the Total Profit
determined as of the Notice Date assuming that the Option was exercised on
such date for such number of Option Shares and assuming such Option Shares,
together with all other Option Shares held by the Grantee and its affiliates
as of such date, were sold for cash at the closing sales price for Common
Stock as of the close of business on the preceding trading day.   (d) For
purposes of Section 11(a) and clause (iii) of Section 11(b), the value of any
Option Shares delivered by Grantee to the Issuer shall be the average closing
sales price per share of Common Stock (or if there is no sale on such date
then the average between the closing bid and ask prices on any such day) as
reported by the Nasdaq National Market for the five (5) consecutive trading
days preceding the day the Grantee\'s Total Profit exceeds the
Profit Cap.    14. APPLICATION FOR REGULATORY APPROVAL. Each of Grantee
and Issuer  ----------------------------------- will use its commercially
reasonable efforts to make all filings with, and to obtain consents of, all
third parties and governmental authorities necessary to the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including without limitation
making application to list the shares of Common Stock issuable hereunder on
the Nasdaq National Market upon official notice of issuance.   15. SPECIFIC
PERFORMANCE. The parties hereto acknowledge that 
-------------------- damages would be an inadequate remedy for a breach of
this Agreement by either party hereto and that the obligations of the parties
hereto shall be enforceable by either party hereto through injunctive or
other equitable relief.   16. SEPARABILITY OF PROVISIONS. If any term,
provision, covenant or  -------------------------- restriction contained in
this Agreement is held by a court or a federal or state regulatory agency of
competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of
the terms, provisions and covenants and restrictions contained in this
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, and shall in no way be
affected, impaired or invalidated.   17. NOTICES. All notices, claims,
demands and other communications  ------- hereunder shall be deemed to have
been duly given or made when delivered in person, by overnight courier or by
facsimile at the respective addresses of the parties set forth in the Merger
Agreement.   18. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and 
------------- construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware,
regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable
principles of conflicts of laws thereof.   19. COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement
may be executed in two or more  ------------ counterparts, each of which
will be deemed to be an original, but all of which shall constitute one and
the same agreement.   20. EXPENSES. Except as otherwise expressly provided
herein or in  -------- the Merger Agreement, each of the parties hereto
shall bear and pay all costs and expenses incurred by it or on its behalf in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder, including fees and
expenses of its own financial consultants, investment bankers, accountants
and counsel.   21. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. Except as otherwise expressly provided
herein  ---------------- or in the Merger Agreement, this Agreement contains
the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereunder and supersedes all prior arrangements or
understandings with respect thereof, written or oral. The terms and
conditions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding
upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, is intended to
confer upon any party, other than the parties hereto, and their respective
successors except as assigns, any rights, remedies, obligations or
liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly
provided herein. Any provision of this Agreement may be waived only
in writing at any time by the party that is entitled to the benefits of
such provision. This Agreement may not   be modified, amended, altered or
supplemented except upon the execution and delivery of a written agreement
executed by the parties hereto.   22. FURTHER ASSURANCES. In the event of
any exercise of the Option  ------------------ by Grantee, Issuer and
Grantee shall execute and deliver all other documents and instruments and
take all other action that may be reasonably necessary in order to consummate
the transactions provided for by such exercise. Nothing contained in this
Agreement shall be deemed to authorize Issuer or Grantee to breach
any provision of the Merger Agreement.   23. HEADINGS. The headings
contained in this Agreement are for  -------- reference purposes only and
shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this
Agreement.    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Issuer and Grantee have caused this
Agreement to be signed by their respective officers thereunto duly
authorized, all as of the date first written above.   SOFTWARE.COM,
INC.    By: _____________________________________  Name:  Title:   
PHONE.COM, INC.    By: _____________________________________  Name: 
Title:    Exhibit B    STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT   (SOFTWARE.COM, INC.
SHARES)    STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT   (SOFTWARE.COM, INC. SHARES)   
THIS STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT (this "AGREEMENT"), dated August 8, 2000, between
Software.com, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Issuer"), and Phone.com, Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("Grantee"),   WITNESSETH:   WHEREAS, Grantee and
Issuer have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August
8, 2000 (the "Merger Agreement"), which provides, among other things, for the
merger of Merger Sub with and into Issuer with Issuer continuing as the
surviving corporation upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
in the Merger Agreement (capitalized terms used herein without definition
shall have the respective meanings specified in the Merger Agreement);
and   WHEREAS, as a condition to Grantee\'s entering into the
Merger Agreement and in consideration therefor, Issuer has agreed to grant
Grantee the Option (as hereinafter defined).   NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and agreements set
forth herein and in the Merger Agreement, and intending to be legally bound
hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:   1. GRANT OF OPTION. Issuer
hereby grants to Grantee an  --------------- unconditional, irrevocable
option (the "Option") to purchase, subject to the terms hereof, nine million
seven hundred twenty-four thousand four hundred sixty (9,724,460) shares of
fully paid and nonassessable common stock of the Issuer, par value $.001 per
share ("Common Stock"), equal to and in no event exceeding nineteen and nine-
tenths percent (19.9%) of the shares of Common Stock outstanding as of the
date hereof, at a purchase price of $125.7197 per share of Common Stock as
adjusted in accordance with the provisions of Section 6 of this Agreement
(such price, as adjusted if applicable, the "Option Price").   2. EXERCISE
OF OPTION.   (a) Grantee may exercise the Option, in whole or part, and from
time to time, if, but only if, a Triggering Event (as hereinafter defined)
shall have occurred prior to the occurrence of an Option Termination Event
(as hereinafter defined), provided that Grantee shall have sent the written
notice of such exercise (as provided in subsection (e) of this Section 2) on
or prior to the last date of the six (6)-month period following such
Triggering Event (the "Option Expiration Date").   (b) The term "Option
Termination Event" shall mean the first day after the earliest to occur of
the following dates: (i) the date on which the Effective Time of the Merger
occurs; (ii) the last date of the twelve (12) month period beginning on the
date of termination of the Merger Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1(b)(iii);
provided, that such termination has given rise to the  --------   right of
Grantee to receive payment of Software.com Expenses pursuant to
Section 7.2(c)(1) of the Merger Agreement; provided, that subsequent to
such  -------- termination, if an event occurs that gives rise to the
obligation of Issuer to pay the Termination Fee pursuant to Section 7.2(c)(2)
of the Merger Agreement, then the last date of the six (6) month period
beginning on the date of actual payment of the Termination Fee by Issuer to
Grantee pursuant to Section 7.2(c)(2) of the Merger Agreement; (iii) the date
of termination of the Merger Agreement by either party pursuant to the
provisions of any section of the Merger Agreement other than Sections
7.1(b)(iii) (other than as provided in clause (ii) above); provided, that
such termination occurs prior to the  -------- occurrence of a Triggering
Event; and (iv) the last date of the six (6) month period beginning on the
date of the first occurrence of a Triggering Event;  provided, however, that
if the Option cannot be exercised as of any such date by --------
------- reason of any applicable judgment, decree, law, regulation or order
(each, an "Impediment"), or by reason of the waiting period under the HSR
Act, then the Option Termination Event shall be delayed until the date which
is thirty (30) days after such Impediment has been removed or such waiting
period has expired.   (c) TRIGGERING EVENT. The term "Triggering Event"
shall mean any  ---------------- termination of the Merger Agreement which
entitles Grantee to receive payment of the Termination Fee from Issuer
pursuant to Section 7.2 of the Merger Agreement.   (d) NOTICE OF TRIGGERING
EVENT. Issuer shall notify Grantee promptly  -------------------------- in
writing of the occurrence of any Triggering Event, and in any event
within twenty-four (24) hours, it being understood that the giving of such
notice by Issuer shall not be a condition to the right of Grantee to exercise
the Option or for a Triggering Event to have occurred.   (e) NOTICE OF
EXERCISE; CLOSING. In the event Grantee is entitled to 
--------------------------- and wishes to exercise the Option, it shall send
to Issuer a written notice (the date of which being herein referred to as the
"Notice Date") specifying (i) the total number of shares it will purchase
pursuant to such exercise and (ii) a place and date which shall be a business
day not earlier than three (3) business days nor later than sixty (60)
business days from the Notice Date for the closing of such purchase (the
"Closing Date"); provided, that if the closing of the purchase and sale
pursuant to the Option (the "Closing") cannot be consummated, in the
reasonable opinion of Grantee, by reason of any applicable judgment, decree,
order, law or regulation, the period of time that otherwise would run
pursuant to this sentence shall run instead from the date on which such
restriction on consummation has expired or been terminated; and
provided further, without limiting the foregoing, that if, in the reasonable
opinion of Grantee, prior notification to or approval of any regulatory
agency is required in connection with such purchase, Grantee shall promptly
file the required notice or application for approval and shall expeditiously
process the same and the period of time that otherwise would run pursuant to
this sentence shall run instead from the date on which any required
notification periods have expired or been terminated or such approvals have
been obtained and any requisite waiting period or periods shall have passed.
Any exercise of the Option shall be deemed to occur on the Closing Date
relating thereto.   (f) PURCHASE PRICE. At the Closing referred to in
subsection (e) of  -------------- this Section 2, Grantee shall pay to
Issuer the aggregate purchase price for the shares of Common Stock purchased
pursuant to the exercise of the Option in immediately available funds by wire
transfer to a bank account designated by Issuer, provided that failure or
refusal of Issuer to designate such a bank account shall not preclude Grantee
from exercising the Option.    (g) ISSUANCE OF COMMON STOCK. At such
Closing, simultaneously with  ------------------------ the delivery of
immediately available funds as provided in subsection (f) of this Section 2,
Issuer shall deliver to Grantee a certificate or certificates representing
the number of shares of Common Stock purchased by the Grantee and, if the
Option should be exercised in part only, a new Option evidencing the rights
of Grantee thereof to purchase the balance of the shares
purchasable hereunder, and the Grantee shall deliver to Issuer this Agreement
and a letter agreeing that Grantee will not offer to sell or otherwise
dispose of such shares in violation of applicable law or the provisions of
this Agreement.   (h) LEGEND. Certificates for Common Stock delivered at a
Closing  ------ hereunder may be endorsed with a restrictive legend that
shall read substantially as follows:   "THE TRANSFER AND VOTING OF THE
SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE  IS SUBJECT TO CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF
AN AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE  REGISTERED HOLDER HEREOF AND ISSUER AND TO RESALE
RESTRICTIONS ARISING  UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED. A COPY OF
SUCH AGREEMENT  IS ON FILE AT THE PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF ISSUER AND WILL BE
PROVIDED TO  THE HOLDER HEREOF WITHOUT CHARGE UPON RECEIPT BY ISSUER OF A
WRITTEN  REQUEST THEREFOR."   It is understood and agreed that: (i) the
reference to the resale restrictions of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the "Securities Act"), in the above legend shall be removed by
delivery of substitute certificate(s) without such reference if Grantee shall
have delivered to Issuer a copy of a letter from the staff of the SEC, or an
opinion of counsel, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Issuer,
to the effect that such legend is not required for purposes of the Securities
Act; (ii) the reference to the provisions of this Agreement in the above
legend shall be removed by delivery of substitute certificate(s) without such
reference if the shares have been sold or transferred in compliance with the
provisions of this Agreement and under circumstances that do not require the
retention of such reference; and (iii) the legend shall be removed in its
entirety if the conditions in the preceding clauses (i) and (ii) and both
satisfied. In addition, such certificates shall bear any other legend as may
be required by law.   (i) RECORD HOLDER; EXPENSES. Upon the Closing, Grantee
shall be  ----------------------- deemed to be the holder of record of the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon such exercise, notwithstanding that the
stock transfer books of Issuer shall then be closed or that certificates
representing such shares of Common Stock shall not then be actually delivered
to Grantee or the Issuer shall have failed or refused to designate the bank
account described in subsection (f) of this Section 2. Issuer shall pay all
expenses, and any and all United States federal, state and local taxes and
other charges that may be payable in connection with the preparation,
issuance and delivery of stock certificates under this Section 2 in the name
of Grantee or its assignee, transferee or designee.    3. CONDITIONS TO
DELIVERY OF OPTION SHARES. The obligation of Issuer 
--------------------------------------- to deliver Option Shares upon any
exercise of the Option is subject to the satisfaction of the following
conditions:   (a) All waiting periods, if any, under the HSR Act applicable
to the issuance of Option Shares hereunder shall have expired or been
terminated; and   (b) There shall be no preliminary or permanent injunction
or other order issued by any court of competent jurisdiction preventing or
prohibiting such exercise of the Option or the delivery of the Option Shares
in respect of such exercise.   4. RESERVATION OF SHARES. Issuer agrees: (i)
that it shall at all  --------------------- times maintain, free from
preemptive rights, sufficient authorized but unissued or treasury shares of
Common Stock (and other securities issuable pursuant to Section 6) so that
the Option may be exercised without additional authorization of Common Stock
(or such other securities) after giving effect to all other options,
warrants, convertible securities and other rights to purchase Common Stock
(or such other securities); (ii) that it will not, by charter amendment
or through reorganization, consolidation, merger, dissolution or sale of
assets, or by any other voluntary act avoid or seek to avoid the observance
or performance of any of the covenants, stipulations or conditions to be
observed or performed hereunder by Issuer; (iii) promptly to take all action
as may from time to time be required (including without limitation complying
with all premerger notification, reporting and waiting periods in the HSR Act
and the rules and regulations thereunder) in order to permit Grantee to
exercise the Option and the Issuer duly and effectively to issue shares of
Common Stock pursuant hereto; and (iv) promptly to take all action provided
herein to protect the rights of Grantee against dilution.   5. LOST
OPTIONS. Upon receipt by Issuer of evidence reasonably 
------------ satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation
of this Agreement, and (in the case of loss, theft or destruction) of
reasonably satisfactory indemnification, and upon surrender and cancellation
of this Agreement, if mutilated, Issuer will execute and deliver a new
Agreement of like tenor and date.   6. ADJUSTMENT UPON CHANGES IN
CAPITALIZATION. The number of shares 
----------------------------------------- of Common Stock purchasable upon
the exercise of the Option shall be subject to adjustment from time to time
as provided in this Section 6.   (a) In the event that any additional shares
of Common Stock are issued or otherwise become outstanding after the date
hereof (other than by reason of subsection (b) of this Section 6), the number
of shares of Common Stock subject to the Option shall be increased so that,
after such issuance of additional shares, such number of shares then
remaining subject to the Option, together with shares theretofore issued
pursuant to the Option, equals nineteen and nine- tenths percent (19.9%) of
the number of such shares of Common Stock then issued and outstanding.  
(b) In the event of any change in Common Stock by reason of stock dividends,
other dividends on the Common Stock payable in securities or other property
(other than regular cash dividends), stock splits, merger, recapitalization,
combinations, subdivisions, conversions, exchanges of shares or other similar
transactions, then the type and number of shares of Common   Stock
purchasable upon exercise hereof shall be appropriately adjusted, and proper
provision will be made in the agreements governing such transaction so that
Grantee shall receive upon exercise of the Option and payment of
the aggregate Option Price hereunder the number and class of shares or
other securities or property that Grantee would have received in respect of
Common Stock if the Option had been exercised in full immediately prior to
such event, or the record date therefor, as applicable.   (c) Whenever the
number of shares of outstanding Common Stock changes after the date hereof as
a result of the events described in clause (b) hereof (but not the events
described in clause (a) hereof), the Option Price shall be adjusted by
multiplying the Option Price by a fraction the numerator of which shall be
equal to the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock purchasable prior to
the adjustment and the denominator of which shall be equal to the aggregate
number of shares of Common Stock purchasable immediately after
the adjustment.   (d) No adjustment made in accordance with this Section 6
shall constitute or be deemed a waiver of any breach of any of
Issuer\'s representations, warranties, covenants, agreements or obligations
contained in the Merger Agreement.   (e) If the Issuer satisfies a portion
of its obligation to pay Grantee a termination fee as permitted by Section
7.2 of the Merger Agreement by issuing to Grantee shares of Common Stock (the
"Termination Fee Shares"), then the number of shares of Common Stock subject
to the Option (including those Option Shares which may have already been
exercised) will be adjusted so that the sum of the number of shares of Common
Stock subject to the Option and the number of Termination Fee Shares equals
nineteen and nine-tenths percent (19.9%) of the number of shares of Common
Stock then issued and outstanding, without giving effect to any Option Shares
or Termination Fee Shares.   7. REGISTRATION RIGHTS. 
-------------------   (a) As used in this Agreement, "Registrable
Securities" means each of the Option Shares issued to Grantee hereunder and
any other securities issued in exchange for, or issued as dividends or
otherwise on or in respect of, any of such Option Shares.   (b) At any time
or from time to time within three (3) years of the first Closing, Grantee may
make a written request to Issuer for registration under and in accordance
with the provisions of the Securities Act with respect to all or any part of
the Registrable Securities (a "Demand Registration"). A Demand Registration
may be, at the option of Grantee, a shelf registration or a registration
involving an underwritten offering. As soon as reasonably practicable after
Grantee\'s request for a Demand Registration, Issuer shall file one or more
registration statements on any appropriate form with respect to all of the
Registrable Securities requested to be so registered; provided that Issuer
will not be required to file any such registration statement during
any period of time (not to exceed sixty (60) days after such request in the
case of clause (i) below or ninety (90) days in the case of clauses (ii) or
(iii) below) when (i) Issuer is in possession of material non-public
information which it reasonably believes would be detrimental to be disclosed
at such time, (ii) Issuer is required under the Securities Act to include
audited financial statements for any period in such registration statement
that are not yet available for inclusion therein, or (iii) Issuer determines,
in its reasonable judgment, that such   registration would interfere with
any financing, acquisition or other material transaction involving Issuer or
any of its affiliates. Issuer shall use its best efforts to have the Demand
Registration declared effective as soon as reasonably practicable after such
filing and to keep the Demand Registration continuously effective for a
period of at least sixty (60) days following the date on which the Demand
Registration is declared effective, in the case of an underwritten offering,
or at least one hundred twenty (120) days following the date on which the
Demand Registration is declared effective, in the case of a
shelf registration; provided that, if for any reason the effectiveness of any
Demand Registration is suspended, the required period of effectiveness shall
be extended by the aggregate number of days of each such suspension; and
provided, further, that the effectiveness of any Demand Registration may be
terminated if and when all of the Registrable Securities covered thereby
shall have been sold. Grantee shall be entitled to two (2) Demand
Registrations; provided, that only requests relating to a registration
statement that has become effective under the Securities Act shall be counted
for purposes of determining the number of Demand Registrations made. If any
Demand Registration involves an underwritten offering, (i) Issuer shall have
the right to select the managing underwriter, which shall be reasonably
acceptable to Grantee and (ii) Issuer shall enter into an underwriting
agreement in customary form.   (c) If at any time within two (2) years of
the first Closing, Issuer proposes to file a registration statement under the
Securities Act with respect to any shares of any class of its equity
securities to be sold for the account of Issuer (other than a registration
statement on Form S-4 or Form S-8 or any successor form), and the
registration form to be used may be used for the registration of Registrable
Securities, then Issuer shall in each case give written notice of such
proposed filing to Grantee at least twenty (20) days before the anticipated
filing date, and Grantee shall have the right to include in such registration
such number of Registrable Securities as Grantee may request (such request to
be made by written notice to Issuer within fifteen (15) days following
Grantee\'s receipt from Issuer of such notice of proposed filing) (an
"Incidental Registration"). Issuer shall use its commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the managing underwriter of any proposed
underwritten offering to permit Grantee to include in such offering all
Registrable Securities requested by Grantee to be included in the
registration for such offering on the same terms and conditions as any
similar securities of Issuer included therein. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if the managing underwriter of such offering advises Grantee that, in the
reasonable opinion of such underwriter, the amount of Registrable Securities
which Grantee requests to be included in such offering would materially and
adversely affect the success of such offering, then the amount of Registrable
Securities to be offered shall be reduced to the extent necessary to reduce
the total amount of securities to be included in such offering to the amount
recommended by such underwriter; provided that if the amount of Registrable
Securities shall be so reduced, Issuer shall include in such offering (i)
first all shares proposed to be included therein by the Issuer and (ii)
second the shares requested to be included therein by Grantee pro rata with
the shares intended to be included therein by any other stockholder of
the Issuer. Participation by Grantee in any Incidental registration shall
not affect the obligation of the Company to effect Demand Registrations under
this Section 4.1. The issuer may withdraw any registration under the
Securities Act that gives rise to an Incidental Registration without consent
of Grantee.   (d) In the event that Registrable Securities are included in
a "piggyback" registration statement pursuant to Section 7(c) hereof,
Grantee agrees not to effect any public sale or   distribution of the
issue being registered or a similar security of Issuer, or any securities
convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for such securities,
including a sale pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act, during the
ten (10) business days prior to, and during the ninety (90)-day period
beginning on, the effective date of such registration statement (except as
part of such registration), if and to the extent timely notified in
writing by Issuer, in the case of a non-underwritten public offering, or by
the managing underwriter, in the case of an underwritten public offering. In
the event that Grantee requests a Demand Registration or if Registrable
Securities are included in a "piggyback" registration pursuant to Section
7(c) hereof, Issuer agrees not to effect any public sale or distribution of
the issue being registered or a similar security of Issuer, or any securities
convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for such securities, during
the period from such request until ninety (90) days after the effective date
of such registration statement (except as part of such registration or
pursuant to a registration of securities on Form S-4 or Form S-8 or any
successor form).   (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
herein, in the event that Grantee requests a Demand Registration or a
"piggyback" registration of Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 7(b)
or 7(c) hereof, respectively, Issuer shall have the right to purchase all,
but not less than all, of the Registrable Securities requested to be so
registered, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Section 7(e). If Issuer wishes to exercise such purchase right, then within
two (2) business days following receipt of a request for a Demand
Registration or a "piggyback" registration, Issuer shall send a written
notice (a "Repurchase Notice") to Grantee specifying that Issuer wishes to
exercise such purchase right, a date for the closing of such purchase, which
shall not be more than five (5) business days after delivery of
such Repurchase Notice, and a place for the closing of such purchase (a
"Repurchase Closing"). Upon delivery of a Repurchase Notice subject to
applicable Delaware law, a binding agreement shall be deemed to exist between
Grantee and Issuer providing for the purchase by Issuer of the Registrable
Securities requested to be registered by Grantee, upon the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth in this Section 7(e). The purchase price per
share or other unit of Registrable Securities (the "Repurchase Price") shall
equal the average per share or per unit closing price as quoted on the Nasdaq
(or if not then quoted thereon, on such other exchange or quotation system on
which the Registrable Securities are quoted) for the period of five (5)
trading days ending on the trading day immediately prior to the day on which
Grantee requests a Demand Registration or a "piggyback" registration of the
Registrable Securities which Issuer subsequently elects to purchase.
Grantee\'s obligation to deliver any Registrable Securities at a Repurchase
Closing shall be subject to the condition that, at such Repurchase Closing,
Issuer shall have delivered to Grantee a certificate signed on behalf of
Issuer by Issuer\'s chief executive officer and chief financial officer,
which certificate shall be satisfactory in form and substance to Grantee, to
the effect that the purchase by Issuer of such Registrable Securities (i) is
permitted under applicable Delaware corporate law and under the fraudulent
conveyance provisions of the federal bankruptcy code and (ii) does not
violate any material agreement to which Issuer or any of its subsidiaries is
a party or by which any of their properties or assets is bound. At any
Repurchase Closing, Issuer shall pay to Grantee the aggregate
Repurchase Price for the Registrable Securities being purchased by wire
transfer of immediately available funds or by delivering to Grantee a
certified or bank check payable to or on the order of Grantee in an amount
equal to such aggregate Repurchase Price, and Grantee will surrender to
Issuer a certificate or certificates evidencing such Registrable Securities.
A purchase of Registrable Securities by Issuer pursuant   to this Section
7(e) shall be considered a Demand Registration for purposes of Section 7(b)
hereof.   (f) The registrations effected under this Section 7 shall be
effected at Issuer\'s expense except for underwriting commissions allocable
to the Registrable Securities. Issuer shall indemnify and hold harmless
Grantee, its affiliates and controlling persons and their respective
officers, directors, agents and representatives from and against any and all
losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including, without
limitation, all out-of-pocket expenses, investigation expenses, expenses
incurred with respect to any judgment and fees and disbursements of counsel
and accountants) arising out of or based upon any statements contained in, or
omissions or alleged omissions from, each registration statement (and related
prospectus) filed pursuant to this Section 7; provided, however, that Issuer
shall not be liable in any such case to  -------- ------- Grantee or any
affiliate or controlling person of Grantee or any of their respective
officers, directors, agents or representatives to the extent that any such
loss, claim, damage, liability (or action or proceeding in respect
thereof) or expense arises out of or is based upon an untrue statement or
omission or alleged omission made in such registration statement or
prospectus in reliance upon, and in conformity with, written information
furnished to Issuer specifically for use in the preparation thereof by
Grantee such affiliate, controlling person, officer, director, agent or
representative, as the case may be.   8. REPURCHASE OF OPTION AND OPTION
SHARES.  --------------------------------------   (a) At the request of and
upon notice by Grantee (the "Put Notice") at any time during the period
during which the Option is exercisable pursuant to Section 2 (the "Purchase
Period"), the Issuer (or any successor entity thereof) will purchase from
Grantee all or any portion of the Option, to the extent not previously
exercised, at the price set forth in subparagraph (i) below, and all or any
portion of the Option Shares, if any, acquired by Grantee pursuant thereto,
at the price set forth in subparagraph (ii) below:   (i) The difference
between the "Market/Tender Offer Price" for the Common Stock as of the date
Grantee gives notice of its intent to exercise its rights under this Section
7(a) (defined as the higher of (A) the highest price per share offered as of
such date pursuant to any Acquisition Proposal which was made prior to such
date and (B) the average closing sale price of Common Stock then on the
Nasdaq National Market during the five (5) trading days ending on the trading
day immediately preceding such date) and the Exercise Price, multiplied by
the number of Common Stock purchasable pursuant to the Option, but only if
the Market/Tender Offer Price is greater than the Exercise Price. For
purposes of determining the highest price offered pursuant to any Acquisition
Proposal which involves consideration other than cash, the value of such
consideration will be equal to the higher of (x) if securities of the
same class of the proponent as such considerations are traded on any
national securities exchange or by any registered securities association, a
value based on the closing sale price or asked price for such securities on
their principal trading market on such date and (y) the value ascribed to
such consideration by the proponent of such Acquisition Proposal, or if no
such value is ascribed, a value determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors of the Issuer.   (ii) The Market/Tender Offer Price multiplied by
the number of shares of Common Stock so purchased.    9. REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE ISSUER. Issuer hereby 
-------------------------------------------- represents and warrants to
Grantee as follows:   (a) Issuer has full corporate power and authority to
execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and
validly authorized by the Board of Directors of Issuer and no other corporate
proceedings on the part of Issuer are necessary to authorize this Agreement
or to consummate the transactions so contemplated. This Agreement has been
duly and validly executed and delivered by Issuer. This Agreement is the
valid and legally binding obligation of Issuer, enforceable against Issuer in
accordance with its terms.   (b) Issuer has taken all necessary corporate
action to authorize and reserve and to permit it to issue, and at all times
from the date hereof through the termination of this Agreement in accordance
with its terms will have reserved for issuance upon the exercise of the
Option, that number of shares of Common Stock equal to the maximum number of
shares of Common Stock at any time and from time to time issuable hereunder,
and all such shares, upon issuance pursuant hereto, will be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid, nonassessable, and will be delivered free and
clear of all claims, liens, encumbrance and security interests and not
subject to any preemptive rights.   (c) The execution and delivery of this
Agreement does not, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby will not (i) conflict with, or result in any violation or breach of
any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, as amended to date, or
Bylaws, as amended to date, of Issuer, (ii) result in any violation or breach
of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) a
default (or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration
of any obligation or loss of any benefit) under any of the terms, conditions
or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease, contract or
other agreement, instrument or obligation to which the Issuer or any of its
Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them or any of their properties or
assets may be bound, or (iii) conflict or violate any permit, concession,
franchise, license, judgment, order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or
regulation applicable to Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries or any of its or
their properties or assets, except in the case of (ii) and (iii) for any such
violations, breaches, defaults, terminations, cancellations, accelerations or
conflicts which could not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material
adverse effect (as defined in the Merger Agreement) on Issuer and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or impair the ability of Issuer to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (d) The Issuer has taken,
and will in the future take, all steps necessary to irrevocably exempt the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement from any applicable state
takeover law and from any applicable charter or contractual provision
containing change of control or anti-takeover provisions.    10.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE GRANTEE. Grantee hereby 
--------------------------------------------- represents and warrants to
Issuer as follows:   (a) Grantee has full corporate power and authority to
execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and
validly authorized by the Board of Directors of Grantee and no other
corporate proceedings on the part of Grantee are necessary to authorize this
Agreement or to consummate the transactions so contemplated. This Agreement
has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Grantee. This Agreement
is the valid and legally binding obligation of Grantee, enforceable against
Grantee in accordance with its terms.   (b) The execution and delivery of
this Agreement does not, and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby will not (i) conflict with, or result in any violation or
breach of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, as amended to
date, or Bylaws, as amended to date, of Grantee, (ii) result in any violation
or breach of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time, or
both) a default (or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or
acceleration of any obligation or loss of any benefit) under any of the
terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage,
indenture, lease, contract or other agreement, instrument or obligation to
which the Grantee or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of
them or any of their properties or assets may be bound, or (iii) conflict or
violate any permit, concession, franchise, license, judgment, order, degree,
statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to Grantee or any of
its Subsidiaries or any of its or their properties or assets, except in the
case of (ii) and (iii) for any such violations, breaches, defaults,
terminations, cancellations, accelerations or conflicts which could not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect (as defined
in the Merger Agreement) on Grantee and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole,
or impair the ability of Grantee to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.   (c) The Grantee has taken, and will in the future take,
all steps necessary to irrevocably exempt the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement from any applicable state takeover law and from any applicable
charter or contractual provision containing change of control or anti-
takeover provisions.   11. GRANTEE COMPLIANCE. Grantee shall acquire the
Option Shares for  ------------------ investment purposes only and not with
a view to any distribution thereof in violation of the Securities Act, and
shall not sell any Option Shares purchased pursuant to this Agreement except
in compliance with the Securities Act.   12. ASSIGNMENT OF OPTION BY
GRANTEE. Neither of the parties hereto  ------------------------------- may
assign any of its rights or obligations under this Option Agreement or
the Option created hereunder to any other person, without the express
written consent of the other party.   13. LIMITATION OF GRANTEE PROFIT. 
----------------------------   (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of
this Agreement, in no event shall the Grantee\'s Total Profit (as hereinafter
defined) exceed Two Hundred Thirty Million Four   Hundred Fifty-Four
Thousand Five Hundred Forty-Five dollars ($230,454,545.00) (the "Profit Cap")
and, if it otherwise would exceed such amount, the Grantee, at its sole
election, shall either (i) reduce the number of shares of Common Stock
subject to this Option, (ii) deliver to the Issuer for cancellation
Option Shares previously purchased by, or Termination Fee Shares (or other
securities into which such Termination Fee Shares are converted or exchanged)
to Grantee (valued, for the purposes of this Section 12(a) at the average
closing sales price per share of Common Stock (or if there is no sale on such
date then the average between the closing bid and ask prices on any such day)
as reported by the Nasdaq National Market for the five (5) consecutive
trading days preceding the day on which the Grantee\'s Total Profit exceeds
the Profit Cap, (iii) pay cash to the Issuer, (iv) reduce the number of
Termination Fee Shares to be paid by the Grantee or (v) any combination
thereof, so that Grantee\'s actually realized Total Profit shall not exceed
the Profit Cap after taking into account the foregoing actions.   (b) As
used herein, the term "Total Profit" shall mean the amount (before taxes) of
the following: (a) the aggregate amount of (i) (x) the net cash amounts
received by Grantee pursuant to the sale of Option Shares or Termination Fee
Shares (or any other securities into which such Option Shares or Termination
Fee Shares are converted or exchanged) to any unaffiliated party or to Issuer
pursuant to this Agreement, less (y) the Grantee\'s purchase price of such
Option Shares or other securities, (ii) any amounts received by Grantee
on the transfer of the Option (or any portion thereof), if permitted
hereunder, and (iii) the amount received by Grantee pursuant to Section 7.2
of the Merger Agreement; minus (b) the amount of cash theretofore paid to the
Issuer pursuant to this Section 12 plus the value of the Option Shares or
Termination Fee Shares or other securities theretofore delivered to the
Issuer for cancellation pursuant to this Section 12.   (c) Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement shall affect
the ability of Grantee to receive nor relieve Issuer\'s obligation to pay a
fee pursuant to Section 7.2 of the Merger Agreement; provided that if Total
Profit received by Grantee would exceed the Profit Cap following the receipt
of such fee, Grantee shall be obligated to comply with the terms of Section
12(a) within five (5)days of the later of (i) the date of receipt of such fee
and (ii) the date of receipt of the net cash by Grantee pursuant to the sale
of Option Shares or Termination Fee Shares (or, any other securities into
which such Option Shares or Termination Fee Shares are converted or
exchanged) pursuant to this Agreement.   (d) Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement, the Option may not be exercised for a number of
Option Shares that would, as of the Notice Date, result in a Notional Total
Profit (as defined below) of more than the Profit Cap; provided, however,
that Grantee may indicate in its notice of exercise that Grantee is taking
any of the actions described in subsection (a) hereof so as to reduce the
Notional Total Profit to not more than the Profit Cap and preserve its rights
to exercise the Option for the resulting number of Option Shares. "Notional
Total Profit" shall mean, with respect to any number of Option Shares as to
which the Grantee may propose to exercise the Option, the Total Profit
determined as of the Notice Date assuming that the Option was exercised on
such date for such number of Option Shares and assuming such Option Shares,
together with all other Option Shares held by the Grantee and its affiliates
as of such date, were sold for cash at the closing sales price for Common
Stock as of the close of business on the preceding trading day.    (e) For
purposes of Section 11(a) and clause (iii) of Section 11(b), the value of any
Option Shares delivered by Grantee to the Issuer shall be the average closing
sales price per share of Common Stock (or if there is no sale on such date
then the average between the closing bid and ask prices on any such day) as
reported by the Nasdaq National Market for the five (5) consecutive trading
days preceding the day the Grantee\'s Total Profit exceeds the
Profit Cap.   14. APPLICATION FOR REGULATORY APPROVAL. Each of Grantee and
Issuer  ----------------------------------- will use its commercially
reasonable efforts to make all filings with, and to obtain consents of, all
third parties and governmental authorities necessary to the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including without limitation
making application to list the shares of Common Stock issuable hereunder on
the Nasdaq National Market upon official notice of issuance.   15. SPECIFIC
PERFORMANCE. The parties hereto acknowledge that 
-------------------- damages would be an inadequate remedy for a breach of
this Agreement by either party hereto and that the obligations of the parties
hereto shall be enforceable by either party hereto through injunctive or
other equitable relief.   16. SEPARABILITY OF PROVISIONS. If any term,
provision, covenant or  -------------------------- restriction contained in
this Agreement is held by a court or a federal or state regulatory agency of
competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of
the terms, provisions and covenants and restrictions contained in this
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, and shall in no way be
affected, impaired or invalidated.   17. NOTICES. All notices, claims,
demands and other communications  ------- hereunder shall be deemed to have
been duly given or made when delivered in person, by overnight courier or by
facsimile at the respective addresses of the parties set forth in the Merger
Agreement.   18. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed  ------------- in accordance with the laws of the State of
Delaware, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable
principles of conflicts of laws thereof.   19. COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement
may be executed in two or more  ------------ counterparts, each of which
will be deemed to be an original, but all of which shall constitute one and
the same agreement.   20. EXPENSES. Except as otherwise expressly provided
herein or in  -------- the Merger Agreement, each of the parties hereto
shall bear and pay all costs and expenses incurred by it or on its behalf in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder, including fees and
expenses of its own financial consultants, investment bankers, accountants
and counsel.   21. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. Except as otherwise expressly provided
herein  ---------------- or in the Merger Agreement, this Agreement contains
the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereunder and supersedes all prior arrangements or
understandings with respect thereof, written or oral. The terms and
conditions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding
upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, is intended to
confer upon any party, other than the parties hereto, and their respective
successors except as assigns,   any rights, remedies, obligations or
liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly
provided herein. Any provision of this Agreement may be waived only in
writing at any time by the party that is entitled to the benefits of such
provision. This Agreement may not be modified, amended, altered or
supplemented except upon the execution and delivery of a written
agreement executed by the parties hereto.   22. FURTHER ASSURANCES. In the
event of any exercise of the Option  ------------------ by Grantee, Issuer
and Grantee shall execute and deliver all other documents and instruments and
take all other action that may be reasonably necessary in order to consummate
the transactions provided for by such exercise. Nothing contained in this
Agreement shall be deemed to authorize Issuer or Grantee to breach
any provision of the Merger Agreement.   23. HEADINGS. The headings
contained in this Agreement are for  -------- reference purposes only and
shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this
Agreement.    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Issuer and Grantee have caused this
Agreement to be signed by their respective officers thereunto duly
authorized, all as of the date first written above.    SOFTWARE.COM,
INC.   By: _________________________________  Name:  Title:   PHONE.COM,
INC.   By: _________________________________  Name:  Title:    Exhibit
C    SOFTWARE.COM VOTING AGREEMENT  -----------------------------  
VOTING AGREEMENT (this "Voting Agreement"), dated as of August 8, 2000, by
and between Phone.com, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Phone")
and ______________________________ (the "Stockholder").   RECITALS:  
WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution of this Voting
Agreement, Software.com, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company") and
Phone have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger
Agreement"), pursuant to which the parties have agreed, upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, to a strategic
combination of Phone and the Company (the "Merger");   WHEREAS, as of the
date hereof, Stockholder is the record and Beneficial Owner (as defined
hereinafter) of _________ Existing Shares (as defined hereinafter) of the
Common Stock, $0.001 par value, of the Company (the "Company Common
Stock");   WHEREAS, as inducement and a condition to entering into the
Merger Agreement, Phone has required Stockholder to agree, and Stockholder
has agreed, to enter into this Voting Agreement;   NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the foregoing recitals and the mutual promises,
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this
Voting Agreement, the parties, intending to be legally bound, agree
as follows:   Section 1. CERTAIN DEFINITIONS. In addition to the terms
defined elsewhere in this Voting Agreement, capitalized terms used and not
defined in this Voting Agreement have the respective meanings ascribed to
them in the Merger Agreement. For purposes of this Voting Agreement:   (a)
"Beneficially Own" or "Beneficial Ownership" with respect to any securities
means having "beneficial ownership" of such securities as determined pursuant
to Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
"Exchange Act"). Without duplicative counting of the same securities by the
same holder, securities Beneficially Owned by a person include
securities   Beneficially Owned by all other persons with whom such person
would constitute a "group" within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the
Exchange Act with respect to securities of the same issuer.   (b) "Existing
Shares" means shares of Company Common Stock Beneficially Owned by
Stockholder as of the date of this Voting Agreement provided that, in the
event of a stock dividend or distribution, or any change in the Company
Common Stock by reason of any stock dividend, split-up, recapitalization,
combination, exchange of shares or the like, other than pursuant to the
Merger, the term "Existing Shares" will be deemed to refer to and include the
shares of Company Common Stock as well as all such stock dividends and
distributions and any shares into which or for which any or all of the
Securities (as defined hereinafter) may be changed or exchanged
and appropriate adjustments shall be made to the terms and provisions of this
Voting Agreement.   (c) "Securities" means the Existing Shares together
with any shares of Company Common Stock or other securities of the Company
acquired by Stockholder in any capacity after the date of this Voting
Agreement and prior to its termination whether upon the exercise of options,
warrants, or rights, the conversion or exchange of convertible or
exchangeable securities, or by means of purchase, dividend, distribution,
split-up, recapitalization, combination, exchange of shares, or the like,
gift, bequest, inheritance, or as a successor in interest in any capacity, or
otherwise.   Section 2. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
STOCKHOLDER. Stockholder represents and warrants to Phone as follows:   (a)
Ownership of Shares. Stockholder is the sole record and 
------------------- Beneficial Owner of _________ Existing Shares. On the
date of this Voting Agreement, the Existing Shares constitute all of the
shares of Company Common Stock owned of record or Beneficially Owned by
Stockholder. There are no outstanding options or other rights to acquire from
Stockholder or obligations of Stockholder to sell or to acquire, any shares
of Company Common Stock. Stockholder has sole voting power and sole power to
issue instructions with respect to the matters set forth in Sections 5, 6 and
7 hereof, sole power of disposition, sole power of conversion, sole power to
demand appraisal rights and sole power to agree to all of the matters set
forth in this Voting Agreement, in each case with respect to all of the
Existing Shares with no limitations, qualifications, or restrictions on such
rights, subject to applicable securities laws and the terms of this Voting
Agreement.   (b) Power; Binding Agreement. Stockholder has the legal
capacity,  ------------------------ power and authority to enter into and
perform all of Stockholder\'s obligations under this Voting Agreement. This
Voting Agreement has been duly and   validly executed and delivered by
Stockholder and constitutes a valid and binding agreement of Stockholder,
enforceable against Stockholder in accordance with its terms except that (i)
such enforcement may be subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other
similar laws, now or hereafter in effect, affecting creditors\' rights
generally, and (ii) the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and
other forms of equitable relief may be subject to equitable defenses and to
the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be
brought.   (c) No Conflicts. Except for filings under the Hart-Scott-
Rodino  ------------ Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the
"HSR Act"), and the Exchange Act, no filing with, and no permit,
authorization, consent, or approval of, any state or federal public body or
authority ("Governmental Entity") is necessary for the execution of this
Voting Agreement by Stockholder and the consummation by Stockholder of the
transactions contemplated by this Voting Agreement. None of the execution and
delivery of this Voting Agreement by Stockholder, the consummation by
Stockholder of the transactions contemplated by this Voting Agreement or
compliance by Stockholder with any of the provisions of this Voting Agreement
shall (i) conflict with or result in any breach of any
organizational documents applicable to Stockholder, (ii) result in a
violation or breach of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of
time or both) a default (or give rise to any third party right of
termination, cancellation, material modification or acceleration) under any
of the terms, conditions or provisions of any note, loan agreement, bond,
mortgage, indenture, license, contract, commitment, arrangement,
understanding, agreement, or other instrument or obligation of any kind to
which Stockholder is a party or by which Stockholder or any of its properties
or assets may be bound, or (iii) violate any order, writ, injunction, decree,
judgment, order, statute, rule, or regulation applicable to Stockholder or
any of Stockholder\'s properties or assets.   (d) No Encumbrance. Except as
permitted by this Voting Agreement, the  -------------- Existing Shares are
now and, at all times during the term of this Voting Agreement, held by
Stockholder, or by a nominee or custodian for the benefit of Stockholder,
free and clear of all mortgages, claims, charges, liens, security interests,
pledges or options, proxies, voting trusts or agreements, understandings or
arrangements, or any other rights whatsoever ("Encumbrances"), except for any
such Encumbrances arising hereunder.   (e) No Finder\'s Fees. No broker,
investment banker, financial  ---------------- advisor or other person is
entitled to any broker\'s, finder\'s, financial adviser\'s or other similar
fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Voting Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of
Stockholder.    (f) Reliance by Phone. Stockholder understands and
acknowledges that  ----------------- Phone is entering into the Merger
Agreement in reliance upon Stockholder\'s execution and delivery of this
Voting Agreement.   Section 3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PHONE.
Phone represents and warrants to Stockholder as follows:   (a) Power;
Binding Agreement. Phone has the corporate power and 
------------------------ authority to enter into and perform all of its
obligations under this Voting Agreement. This Voting Agreement has been duly
and validly executed and delivered by Phone and constitutes a valid and
binding agreement of Phone, enforceable against Phone in accordance with its
terms, except that (i) such enforcement may be subject to applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar laws, now or hereafter in effect,
affecting creditors\' rights generally, and (ii) the remedy of specific
performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject
to equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any
proceeding therefor may be brought.   (b) No Conflicts. Except for filings
under the HSR Act and the  ------------ Exchange Act, no filing with, and no
permit, authorization, consent, or approval of, any Governmental Entity is
necessary for the execution of this Voting Agreement by Phone and the
consummation by Phone of the transactions contemplated by this Voting
Agreement. None of the execution and delivery of this Voting Agreement by
Phone, the consummation by Phone of the transactions contemplated by this
Voting Agreement, or compliance by Phone with any of the provisions of this
Voting Agreement shall (i) conflict with or result in any breach of any
organizational documents applicable to either Phone, (ii) result in a
violation or breach of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse
of time or both) a default (or give rise to any third party right of
termination, cancellation, material modification or acceleration) under any
of the terms, conditions or provisions of any note, loan agreement, bond,
mortgage, indenture, license, contract, commitment, arrangement,
understanding, agreement or other instrument or obligation of any kind to
which either Phone is a party or by which either Phone or any of its
properties or assets may be bound, or (iii) violate any order, writ,
injunction, decree, judgment, order, statute, rule, or regulation applicable
to Phone or any of its properties or assets.   Section 4. DISCLOSURE.
Stockholder agrees to permit Phone to publish and disclose in all documents
and schedules filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and any
press release or other disclosure document that Phone, in its sole
discretion, determines to be necessary or desirable in connection with the
Merger and any transactions related to the Merger, Stockholder\'s identity
and ownership of Company Common Stock and the nature of Stockholder\'s
commitments, arrangements and understandings under this
Voting Agreement.    Section 5. CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS.   (a) No
Solicitation. Stockholder (in his, her or its capacity as 
--------------- such) will not, and will cause its subsidiaries, partners,
investment bankers, attorneys, accountants, and other agents and
representatives of Stockholder (such subsidiaries, partners, investment
bankers, attorneys, accountants, agents and representatives of any person are
collectively referred to as the "Representatives" of such person) not to,
directly or indirectly (i) initiate, solicit or encourage, or take any action
to facilitate the making of, any offer or proposal which constitutes or is
reasonably likely to lead to any Alternative Transaction (as defined in the
Merger Agreement) or any inquiry with respect thereto or (ii) in the event of
any unsolicited Alternative Transaction for the Company or any affiliate of
the Company, engage in negotiations or discussions with, or provide any
information or data to, any person (other than Phone, any of its affiliates
or representatives) relating to any Alternative Transaction; provided, that
Stockholder may engage in negotiations or discussions with or provide any
information or data to, any such person relating to an
Alternative Transaction to the extent that the Company is permitted to engage
in such activities pursuant to Section 4.2(a) of the Merger Agreement.
Stockholder will, notify Phone orally and in writing of any such offers,
proposals, or inquiries relating to the purchase or acquisition by any person
of Securities (including, without limitation, the terms and conditions
thereof and the identity of the person making it), within 24 hours of the
receipt of such offers. Stockholder will, and will cause its Representatives
to, immediately cease and cause to be terminated any and all existing
activities, discussions or negotiations, if any, with any parties conducted
prior to the date of this Voting Agreement without respect to any Alternative
Transaction relating to the Company, other than discussions or negotiations
with Phone and its affiliates and their Representatives.   (b) Certain
Actions. Prior to the termination of this Voting  --------------- Agreement,
Stockholder agrees not to, directly or indirectly, take any other action that
would make any representation or warranty of Stockholder contained herein
untrue or incorrect.   Section 6. VOTING OF COMPANY COMMON STOCK.
Stockholder, in his, her or its capacity as such, hereby agrees that, during
the period commencing on the date thirty (30) days prior to the Effective
Time (as defined in the Merger Agreement) and continuing until the first to
occur of (a) the Effective Time (as defined in the Merger Agreement) or (b)
termination of this Voting Agreement in accordance with its terms,
Stockholder will not sell or transfer any Securities or any interest therein
to any person unless each person to which any Securities, or any interest in
any of such Securities, is or may be transferred shall have (x) executed a
counterpart of this Voting Agreement (with such modifications as Phone may
reasonably request) and (y) agreed in writing to hold such
Securities   (or interest in such Securities) subject to all of the terms
and provisions of this Voting Agreement. Stockholder, in his, her or its
capacity as such, hereby agrees that, during the period commencing on the
date hereof and continuing until the first to occur of (a) the Effective Time
(as defined in the Merger Agreement) or (b) termination of this Voting
Agreement in accordance with its terms, at any meeting (whether annual or
special and whether or not an adjourned or postponed meeting) of the holders
of Company Common Stock, however called, or in connection with any written
consent of the holders of Company Common Stock, Stockholder will appear at
the meeting or otherwise cause the Securities to be counted as present at the
meeting for purposes of establishing a quorum and vote or consent (or cause
to be voted or consented) the Securities in favor of the adoption of the
Merger Agreement and the approval of other actions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement.   Section 7. DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS. Notwithstanding any
provision of this Voting Agreement to the contrary, nothing in this Voting
Agreement shall limit or restrict Stockholder from acting in Stockholder\'s
capacity as a director or officer of the Company (it being understood that
this Agreement shall apply to Stockholder solely in Stockholder\'s capacity
as a stockholder of the Company) or voting in Stockholder\'s sole discretion
on any matter other than those matters referred to in Section 6(ii).  
Section 8. PROXY   (a) Stockholder hereby irrevocably grants to, and
appoints, ____________________________ and ___________________________ or
either of them in their respective capacities as officers of Phone and any
individual who shall hereafter succeed to any such office of Phone and each
of them individually, such Stockholder\'s proxy and attorney-in-fact (with
full power of substitution), for and in the name, place and stead of
Stockholder, to vote the Securities, or grant a consent or approval in
respect of the Securities, in favor of the Merger, as specified in Section
6.   (b) Stockholder represents that any proxies given prior to this
Voting Agreement regarding the Existing Shares are not irrevocable, and that
such proxies are revoked.   (c) Stockholder affirms that the irrevocable
proxy set forth in this Section 8 is given in connection with the execution
of the Merger Agreement, and that such irrevocable proxy is given to secure
the performance of the duties of Stockholder under this Voting Agreement.
Stockholder further affirms that the irrevocable proxy is coupled with an
interest and may under no circumstances be revoked. Stockholder ratifies and
confirms all that such irrevocable proxy may lawfully do or cause to be done
by virtue hereof.    Section 9. CONSENTS AND WAIVERS. Stockholder hereby
gives any consents or waivers that are reasonably required for the
consummation of the Merger under the terms of any agreements to which the
Stockholder is a party or pursuant to any rights Stockholder may have.  
Section 10. COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE EFFORTS. Subject to the terms and
conditions of this Voting Agreement, the Stockholder agrees to
use commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all
actions, and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary under
applicable laws and regulations to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Voting Agreement. Stockholder shall at all times publicly support the
Merger; provided, however, that in the event of a Phone Subsequent
Determination (as defined in the Merger Agreement), the Stockholder shall
have no obligation pursuant to this Section 10 other than to comply with the
Stockholder\'s obligations under Section 6 hereof. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, (i) if Stockholder is a director or officer of the Company,
nothing contained in this Voting Agreement shall prohibit such director or
officer from taking such action as a director or officer of the Company that
may be required on the part of such person as a director or officer of the
Company; and (ii) except as provided in Section 6 hereof, nothing contained
in this Voting Agreement shall prohibit the Stockholder from exercising the
voting rights of a stockholder of the Company.   Section 11. TERMINATION.
This Voting Agreement and the proxy granted herein shall terminate on the
earliest of (i) the termination of the Merger Agreement, (ii) the agreement
of the parties hereto to terminate this Voting Agreement, or (iii) the
consummation of the Merger.   Section 12. MISCELLANEOUS.   (a) Entire
Agreement. This Voting Agreement (including the  ---------------- documents
and instruments referred to herein) constitutes the entire agreement and
supersedes all other prior agreements and understandings, both written
and oral, among the parties, or any of them, with respect to the subject
matter of this Voting Agreement.   (b) Successors and Assigns. This Voting
Agreement shall not be  ---------------------- assigned by operation of law
or otherwise without the prior written consent of the other parties. This
Voting Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be
enforceable by each party and each party\'s respective heirs, beneficiaries,
executors, representatives, and permitted assigns.   (c) Amendment and
Modification. This Voting Agreement may not be 
-------------------------- amended, altered, supplemented, or otherwise
modified or   terminated except upon the execution and delivery of a
written agreement executed by the parties hereto.   (d) Notices. All
notices and other communications hereunder shall be  ------- in writing and
shall be deemed given upon (i) transmitter\'s confirmation of a receipt of a
facsimile transmission, (ii) confirmed delivery by a standard overnight
carrier or when delivered by hand, or (iii) the expiration of five business
days after the day when mailed by certified or registered mail,
postage prepaid, addressed at the following addresses (or at such other
address for a party as shall be specified by like notice):   If to Phone
to:   Phone.com, Inc.  800 Chesapeake Drive  Redwood City, CA 94603 
Attention: General Counsel   with a copy to:   Skadden, Arps, Slate,
Meagher and Flom LLP  525 University Avenue  Palo Alto, CA 94301  Attention:
Kenton J. King, Esq.  Telecopy No.: (650) 470-4570    If to Stockholder,
to:   ________________________  ________________________ 
________________________  ________________________    with a copy to:  
________________________  ________________________ 
________________________  ________________________   (e) Severability. Any
term or provision of this Voting Agreement  ------------ which is held to be
invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect in any jurisdiction shall,
as to that jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or
unenforceability without rendering invalid or unenforceable the remaining
terms and provisions of this Voting Agreement or affecting the validity or
enforceability of any of the terms or provisions of this Voting Agreement in
any other jurisdiction. If any provision of this Voting Agreement is so broad
as to be unenforceable, the provision shall be interpreted to be only so
broad as is enforceable.   (f) Specific Performance. Each of the parties
recognizes and  -------------------- acknowledges a breach by it of any
covenants or agreements contained in this Voting Agreement will cause the
other party to sustain damages for which it would not have an adequate remedy
at law for money, damages, and therefore in the event of any such breach the
aggrieved party shall be entitled to the remedy of specified performance of
such covenants and agreements and injunctive and other equitable relief in
addition to any other remedy to which it may be entitled, at law or in
equity.   (g) No Waiver. The failure of any party to exercise any right,
power  --------- or remedy provided under this Voting Agreement or otherwise
available in respect of this Voting Agreement at law or in equity, or to
insist upon compliance by any other party with its obligation under this
Voting Agreement, and any custom or practice of the parties at variance with
the terms of this Voting Agreement, will not constitute a waiver by such
party of its right to exercise any such or other right, power or remedy or to
demand such compliance.   (h) No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Voting
Agreement is not  ---------------------------- intended to confer upon any
person other than the parties hereto any rights or remedies hereunder.  
(i) Governing Law. This Voting Agreement shall be governed and 
------------- construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware,
without giving effect to the principles of conflict of law thereof.   (j)
Descriptive Heading. The descriptive headings used herein are for 
------------------- reference purposes only and will not affect in any way
the meaning or interpretation of this Voting Agreement.    (k) Expenses.
All costs and expenses incurred in connection with  -------- this Voting
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party
incurring the expenses.   (l) Further Assurances. From time to time, at any
other party\'s  ------------------ request and without further
consideration, each party shall execute and deliver any additional documents
and take any further lawful action as may be necessary or desirable to
consummate and make effective, in the most expeditious manner practicable,
the transactions contemplated by this Voting Agreement.   (m) Counterparts.
This Voting Agreement may be executed in two or  ------------ more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all
of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.    IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Phone.com and Stockholder have caused this Voting Agreement
to be duly executed as of the day and year first written above.    
PHONE.COM, INC.    By: ____________________________  Name: 
Title:     STOCKHOLDER:    ________________________________ 
Name:    Exhibit D   PHONE.COM VOTING AGREEMENT 
--------------------------   VOTING AGREEMENT (this "Voting Agreement"),
dated as of August 8, 2000, by and between Software.com, Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("Software.com") and ______________________________ (the
"Stockholder").   RECITALS:   WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution of
this Voting Agreement, Phone.com, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
"Company") and Software.com have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger
(the "Merger Agreement"), pursuant to which the parties have agreed, upon the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, to a
strategic combination of Phone and Software.com (the "Merger");   WHEREAS,
as of the date hereof, Stockholder is the record and Beneficial Owner (as
defined hereinafter) of _________ Existing Shares (as defined hereinafter) of
the Common Stock, $0.001 par value, of the Company (the "Company Common
Stock");   WHEREAS, as inducement and a condition to entering into the
Merger Agreement, Software.com has required Stockholder to agree, and
Stockholder has agreed, to enter into this Voting Agreement;   NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals and the mutual
promises, representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in
this Voting Agreement, the parties, intending to be legally bound, agree
as follows:   Section 1. CERTAIN DEFINITIONS. In addition to the terms
defined elsewhere in this Voting Agreement, capitalized terms used and not
defined in this Voting Agreement have the respective meanings ascribed to
them in the Merger Agreement. For purposes of this Voting Agreement:   (a)
"Beneficially Own" or "Beneficial Ownership" with respect to any securities
means having "beneficial ownership" of such securities as determined pursuant
to Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
"Exchange Act"). Without duplicative counting of the same securities by the
same holder, securities Beneficially Owned by a person include
securities Beneficially Owned by all other persons with whom such person
would constitute a   "group" within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the
Exchange Act with respect to securities of the same issuer.   (b) "Existing
Shares" means shares of Company Common Stock Beneficially Owned by
Stockholder as of the date of this Voting Agreement provided that, in the
event of a stock dividend or distribution, or any change in the Company
Common Stock by reason of any stock dividend, split-up, recapitalization,
combination, exchange of shares or the like, other than pursuant to the
Merger, the term "Existing Shares" will be deemed to refer to and include the
shares of Company Common Stock as well as all such stock dividends and
distributions and any shares into which or for which any or all of the
Securities (as defined hereinafter) may be changed or exchanged
and appropriate adjustments shall be made to the terms and provisions of this
Voting Agreement.   (c) "Securities" means the Existing Shares together
with any shares of Company Common Stock or other securities of the Company
acquired by Stockholder in any capacity after the date of this Voting
Agreement and prior to its termination whether upon the exercise of options,
warrants, or rights, the conversion or exchange of convertible or
exchangeable securities, or by means of purchase, dividend, distribution,
split-up, recapitalization, combination, exchange of shares, or the like,
gift, bequest, inheritance, or as a successor in interest in any capacity, or
otherwise.   Section 2. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
STOCKHOLDER. Stockholder represents and warrants to Software.com as
follows:   (a) Ownership of Shares. Stockholder is the sole record and 
------------------- Beneficial Owner of _________ Existing Shares. On the
date of this Voting Agreement, the Existing Shares constitute all of the
shares of Company Common Stock owned of record or Beneficially Owned by
Stockholder. There are no outstanding options or other rights to acquire from
Stockholder or obligations of Stockholder to sell or to acquire, any shares
of Company Common Stock. Stockholder has sole voting power and sole power to
issue instructions with respect to the matters set forth in Sections 5, 6 and
7 hereof, sole power of disposition, sole power of conversion, sole power to
demand appraisal rights and sole power to agree to all of the matters set
forth in this Voting Agreement, in each case with respect to all of the
Existing Shares with no limitations, qualifications, or restrictions on such
rights, subject to applicable securities laws and the terms of this Voting
Agreement.   (b) Power; Binding Agreement. Stockholder has the legal
capacity,  ------------------------ power and authority to enter into and
perform all of Stockholder\'s obligations under this Voting Agreement. This
Voting Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by
Stockholder and constitutes a valid and binding   agreement of Stockholder,
enforceable against Stockholder in accordance with its terms except that (i)
such enforcement may be subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other
similar laws, now or hereafter in effect, affecting creditors\' rights
generally, and (ii) the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and
other forms of equitable relief may be subject to equitable defenses and to
the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be
brought.   (c) No Conflicts. Except for filings under the Hart-Scott-
Rodino  ------------ Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the
"HSR Act"), and the Exchange Act, no filing with, and no permit,
authorization, consent, or approval of, any state or federal public body or
authority ("Governmental Entity") is necessary for the execution of this
Voting Agreement by Stockholder and the consummation by Stockholder of the
transactions contemplated by this Voting Agreement. None of the execution and
delivery of this Voting Agreement by Stockholder, the consummation by
Stockholder of the transactions contemplated by this Voting Agreement or
compliance by Stockholder with any of the provisions of this Voting Agreement
shall (i) conflict with or result in any breach of any
organizational documents applicable to Stockholder, (ii) result in a
violation or breach of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of
time or both) a default (or give rise to any third party right of
termination, cancellation, material modification or acceleration) under any
of the terms, conditions or provisions of any note, loan agreement, bond,
mortgage, indenture, license, contract, commitment, arrangement,
understanding, agreement, or other instrument or obligation of any kind to
which Stockholder is a party or by which Stockholder or any of its properties
or assets may be bound, or (iii) violate any order, writ, injunction, decree,
judgment, order, statute, rule, or regulation applicable to Stockholder or
any of Stockholder\'s properties or assets.   (d) No Encumbrance. Except as
permitted by this Voting Agreement, the  -------------- Existing Shares are
now and, at all times during the term of this Voting Agreement, held by
Stockholder, or by a nominee or custodian for the benefit of Stockholder,
free and clear of all mortgages, claims, charges, liens, security interests,
pledges or options, proxies, voting trusts or agreements, understandings or
arrangements, or any other rights whatsoever ("Encumbrances"), except for any
such Encumbrances arising hereunder.   (e) No Finder\'s Fees. No broker,
investment banker, financial  ---------------- advisor or other person is
entitled to any broker\'s, finder\'s, financial adviser\'s or other similar
fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Voting Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of
Stockholder.    (f) Reliance by Software.com. Stockholder understands and 
------------------------ acknowledges that Software.com is entering into the
Merger Agreement in reliance upon Stockholder\'s execution and delivery of
this Voting Agreement.   Section 3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
SOFTWARE.COM. Software.com represents and warrants to Stockholder as
follows:   (a) Power; Binding Agreement. Software.com has the corporate
power  ------------------------ and authority to enter into and perform all
of its obligations under this Voting Agreement. This Voting Agreement has
been duly and validly executed and delivered by Software.com and constitutes
a valid and binding agreement of Software.com, enforceable against
Software.com in accordance with its terms, except that (i) such enforcement
may be subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar laws,
now or hereafter in effect, affecting creditors\' rights generally, and (ii)
the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of
equitable relief may be subject to equitable defenses and to the discretion
of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.   (b) No
Conflicts. Except for filings under the HSR Act and the 
------------ Exchange Act, no filing with, and no permit, authorization,
consent, or approval of, any Governmental Entity is necessary for the
execution of this Voting Agreement by Software.com and the consummation by
Software.com of the transactions contemplated by this Voting Agreement. None
of the execution and delivery of this Voting Agreement by Software.com, the
consummation by Software.com of the transactions contemplated by this Voting
Agreement, or compliance by Software.com with any of the provisions of this
Voting Agreement shall (i) conflict with or result in any breach of any
organizational documents applicable to either Software.com, (ii) result in a
violation or breach of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of
time or both) a default (or give rise to any third party right of
termination, cancellation, material modification or acceleration) under any
of the terms, conditions or provisions of any note, loan agreement, bond,
mortgage, indenture, license, contract, commitment, arrangement,
understanding, agreement or other instrument or obligation of any kind to
which either Software.com is a party or by which either Software.com or any
of its properties or assets may be bound, or (iii) violate any order, writ,
injunction, decree, judgment, order, statute, rule, or regulation applicable
to Software.com or any of its properties or assets.   Section 4. DISCLOSURE.
Stockholder agrees to permit Software.com to publish and disclose in all
documents and schedules filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
and any press release or other disclosure document that Software.com, in its
sole discretion, determines to be necessary or   desirable in connection
with the Merger and any transactions related to the Merger, Stockholder\'s
identity and ownership of Company Common Stock and the nature of
Stockholder\'s commitments, arrangements and understandings under this Voting
Agreement.   Section 5. CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS.   (a) No Solicitation.
Stockholder in his, her or its capacity as such  --------------- will not,
and will cause its subsidiaries, partners, investment bankers, attorneys,
accountants, and other agents and representatives of Stockholder (such
subsidiaries, partners, investment bankers, attorneys, accountants,
agents and representatives of any person are collectively referred to as
the "Representatives" of such person) not to, directly or indirectly (i)
initiate, solicit or encourage, or take any action to facilitate the making
of, any offer or proposal which constitutes or is reasonably likely to lead
to any Alternative Transaction (as defined in the Merger Agreement) or any
inquiry with respect thereto or (ii) in the event of any unsolicited
Alternative Transaction for the Company or any affiliate of the Company,
engage in negotiations or discussions with, or provide any information or
data to, any person (other than Software.com, any of its affiliates or
representatives) relating to any Alternative Transaction; provided, that
Stockholder may engage in negotiations or discussions with or provide any
information or data to, any such person relating to an Alternative
Transaction to the extent that Phone is permitted to engage in such
activities pursuant to Section 4.2(a) of the Merger Agreement. Stockholder
will, notify Software.com orally and in writing of any such
offers, proposals, or inquiries relating to the purchase or acquisition by
any person of Securities (including, without limitation, the terms and
conditions thereof and the identity of the person making it), within 24 hours
of the receipt of such offers. Stockholder will, and will cause its
Representatives to, immediately cease and cause to be terminated any and all
existing activities, discussions or negotiations, if any, with any parties
conducted prior to the date of this Voting Agreement without respect to any
Alternative Transaction relating to the Company, other than discussions or
negotiations with Software.com and its affiliates and their
Representatives.   (b) Certain Actions. Prior to the termination of this
Voting  --------------- Agreement, Stockholder agrees not to, directly or
indirectly, take any other action that would make any representation or
warranty of Stockholder contained herein untrue or incorrect.   Section 6.
VOTING OF COMPANY COMMON STOCK. Stockholder, in his, her or its capacity as
such, hereby agrees that, during the period commencing on the date thirty
(30) days prior to the EffectiveTime (as defined in the Merger Agreement) and
continuing until the first to occur of (a) the Effective Time (as defined in
the Merger Agreement) or (b) termination of this Voting Agreement
in   accordance with its terms, (i) Stockholder will not sell or transfer
any Securities or any interest therein to any person unless each person to
which any Securities, or any interest in any of such Securities, is or may be
transferred shall have (x) executed a counterpart of this Voting Agreement
(with such modifications as Software.com may reasonably request) and (y)
agreed in writing to hold such Securities (or interest in such Securities)
subject to all of the terms and provisions of this Voting Agreement.
Stockholder, in his, her or its capacity as such, hereby agrees that, during
the period commencing on the date hereof and continuing until the first to
occur of (a) the Effective Time (as defined in the Merger Agreement) or (b)
termination of this Voting Agreement in accordance with its terms, at any
meeting (whether annual or special and whether or not an adjourned or
postponed meeting) of the holders of Company Common Stock, however called, or
in connection with any written consent of the holders of Company Common
Stock, Stockholder will appear at the meeting or otherwise cause the
Securities to be counted as present at the meeting for purposes
of establishing a quorum and vote or consent (or cause to be voted or
consented) the Securities in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement
and the approval of other actions contemplated by the Merger Agreement.  
Section 7. DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS. Notwithstanding any provision of this
Voting Agreement to the contrary, nothing in this Voting Agreement
shall limit or restrict Stockholder from acting in Stockholder\'s capacity as
a director or officer of the Company (it being understood that this
Voting Agreement shall apply to Stockholder solely in Stockholder\'s capacity
as a stockholder of the Company) or voting in Stockholder\'s sole discretion
on any matter other than those matters referred to in Section 6(ii).  
Section 8. PROXY   (a) Stockholder hereby irrevocably grants to, and
appoints, ____________________________ and ___________________________ or
either of them in their respective capacities as officers of Software.com and
any individual who shall hereafter succeed to any such office of Software.com
and each of them individually, such Stockholder\'s proxy and attorney-in-fact
(with full power of substitution), for and in the name, place and stead of
Stockholder, to vote the Securities, or grant a consent or approval in
respect of the Securities, in favor of the Merger, as specified in Section
6.   (b) Stockholder represents that any proxies given prior to this
Voting Agreement regarding the Existing Shares are not irrevocable, and that
such proxies are revoked.   (c) Stockholder affirms that the irrevocable
proxy set forth in this Section 8 is given in connection with the execution
of the Merger Agreement,   and that such irrevocable proxy is given to
secure the performance of the duties of Stockholder under this Voting
Agreement. Stockholder further affirms that the irrevocable proxy is coupled
with an interest and may under no circumstances be revoked. Stockholder
ratifies and confirms all that such irrevocable proxy may lawfully do or
cause to be done by virtue hereof.   Section 9. CONSENTS AND WAIVERS.
Stockholder hereby gives any consents or waivers that are reasonably required
for the consummation of the Merger under the terms of any agreements to which
the Stockholder is a party or pursuant to any rights Stockholder may
have.   Section 10. COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE EFFORTS. Subject to the
terms and conditions of this Voting Agreement, the Stockholder agrees to
use commerically reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all
actions, and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary under
applicable laws and regulations to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Voting Agreement. Stockholder shall at all times publicly support the
Merger; provided, however, that in the event of a Phone Subsequent
Determination, the Stockholder shall have no obligation pursuant to this
Section 10 other than to comply with the Stockholder\'s obligations under
Section 6 hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) if Stockholder is a
director or officer of the Company, nothing contained in this Voting
Agreement shall prohibit such director or officer from taking such action as
a director or officer of the Company that may be required on the part of such
person as a director or officer of the Company; and (ii) except as provided
in Section 6 hereof, nothing contained in this Voting Agreement shall
prohibit the Stockholder from exercising the voting rights of a stockholder
of the Company.   Section 11. TERMINATION. This Voting Agreement and the
proxy granted herein shall terminate on the earliest of (i) the termination
of the Merger Agreement, (ii) the agreement of the parties hereto to
terminate this Voting Agreement, or (iii) the consummation of the Merger.  
Section 12. MISCELLANEOUS.   (a) Entire Agreement. This Voting Agreement
(including the documents  ---------------- and instruments referred to
herein) constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all other prior
agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties, or
any of them, with respect to the subject matter of this Voting Agreement.  
(b) Successors and Assigns. This Voting Agreement shall not be 
---------------------- assigned by operation of law or otherwise without the
prior written consent of the other parties. This Voting Agreement shall be
binding upon, inure to the benefit   of, and be enforceable by each party
and each party\'s respective heirs, beneficiaries, executors,
representatives, and permitted assigns.   (c) Amendment and Modification.
This Voting Agreement may not be  -------------------------- amended,
altered, supplemented, or otherwise modified or terminated except upon the
execution and delivery of a written agreement executed by the
parties hereto.   (d) Notices. All notices and other communications
hereunder shall be  ------- in writing and shall be deemed given upon (i)
transmitter\'s confirmation of a receipt of a facsimile transmission, (ii)
confirmed delivery by a standard overnight carrier or when delivered by hand,
or (iii) the expiration of five business days after the day when mailed by
certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, addressed at the following
addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified by like
notice):   If to Software.com to:   Software.com, Inc.  525 Anacapa
Street  Santa Barbara, CA 93101  Attention: General Counsel   with a copy
to:   Wilson Sonsini Goodrich and Rosati, Professional Corporation  650 Page
Mill Road  Palo Alto, CA 94304  Attention: Elizabeth R. Flint, Esq. 
Telecopy No.: (650) 493-6811   and to:   Wilson Sonsini Goodrich and Rosati,
Professional Corporation  One Market  Spear Tower, Suite 3300  San
Francisco, CA 94105  Attention: Steve L. Camahort, Esq.  Telecopy No.: (415)
947-2099   If to Stockholder, to:   ________________________   
________________________  ________________________ 
________________________   with a copy to:   ________________________ 
________________________  ________________________ 
________________________   (e) Severability. Any term or provision of this
Voting Agreement  ------------ which is held to be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable in any respect in any jurisdiction shall, as to that
jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or
unenforceability without rendering invalid or unenforceable the remaining
terms and provisions of this Voting Agreement or affecting the validity or
enforceability of any of the terms or provisions of this Voting Agreement in
any other jurisdiction. If any provision of this Voting Agreement is so broad
as to be unenforceable, the provision shall be interpreted to be only so
broad as is enforceable.   (f) Specific Performance. Each of the parties
recognizes and  -------------------- acknowledges a breach by it of any
covenants or agreements contained in this Voting Agreement will cause the
other party to sustain damages for which it would not have an adequate remedy
at law for money, damages, and therefore in the event of any such breach the
aggrieved party shall be entitled to the remedy of specified performance of
such covenants and agreements and injunctive and other equitable relief in
addition to any other remedy to which it may be entitled, at law or in
equity.   (g) No Waiver. The failure of any party to exercise any right,
power  --------- or remedy provided under this Voting Agreement or otherwise
available in respect of this Voting Agreement at law or in equity, or to
insist upon compliance by any other party with its obligation under this
Voting Agreement, and any custom or practice of the parties at variance with
the terms of this Voting Agreement, will not constitute a waiver by such
party of its right to exercise any such or other right, power or remedy or to
demand such compliance.   (h) No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Voting
Agreement is not  ---------------------------- intended to confer upon any
person other than the parties hereto any rights or remedies hereunder.  
(i) Governing Law. This Voting Agreement shall be governed and 
------------- construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware,
without giving effect to the principles of conflict of law thereof.    (j)
Descriptive Heading. The descriptive headings used herein are for 
------------------- reference purposes only and will not affect in any way
the meaning or interpretation of this Voting Agreement.   (k) Expenses. All
costs and expenses incurred in connection with  -------- this Voting
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party
incurring the expenses.   (l) Further Assurances. From time to time, at any
other party\'s  ------------------ request and without further
consideration, each party shall execute and deliver any additional documents
and take any further lawful action as may be necessary or desirable to
consummate and make effective, in the most expeditious manner practicable,
the transactions contemplated by this Voting Agreement.   (m) Counterparts.
This Voting Agreement may be executed in two or  ------------ more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all
of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.    IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Software.com and Stockholder have caused this Voting
Agreement to be duly executed as of the day and year first written
above.     SOFTWARE.COM, INC.    By: ____________________________ 
Name:  Title:     STOCKHOLDER:    ________________________________ 
Name:    Exhibit E   SOFTWARE.COM AFFILIATE LETTER   Phone.com,
Inc. 800 Chesapeake Drive Redwood City, CA 94603  Ladies and
Gentlemen:   I have been advised that as of the date of this letter I may be
deemed to be an "affiliate" of Sofware.com, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Software.com"), as the term "affiliate" is used in and for purposes of
Accounting Series, Releases 130 and 135, as amended, of the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the "Commission"). Pursuant to the terms of the
Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of August 8, 2000 (the "Merger
Agreement"), among Phone.com, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Phone"), Silver
Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of
Phone ("Merger Sub"), and Software.com, Merger Sub will be merged with and
into Software.com (the "Merger").   As a result of the Merger, I may receive
shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Phone (the "Phone
Securities") in exchange for shares owned by me of common stock, par value
$0.001 per share, of Software.com (or upon the exercise of options for such
shares).   I hereby represent, warrant, and covenant to Phone that in the
event I receive any Phone Securities as a result of the Merger:   A. I
shall not make any sale, transfer, or other disposition of the
Phone Securities in violation of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
"Act") or the rules and regulations (the "Rules and Regulations") of the
Commission under the Act.   B. I have carefully read this letter and the
Merger Agreement and discussed the requirements of such documents and other
applicable limitations upon my ability to sell, transfer, or otherwise
dispose of the Phone Securities, to the extent I felt necessary, with my
counsel or counsel for Software.com.   C. I have been advised that the
issuance of Phone Securities to me pursuant to the Merger will be registered
with the Commission under the Act on a Registration Statement on Form S-4.
However, I have also been advised that, since at the time the Merger is
submitted for a vote of the stockholders of Software.com, (i) I may be deemed
to be an affiliate of Software.com and (ii) the distribution by me of the
Phone Securities has not been registered under the Act, I may not sell,
transfer or otherwise dispose of the Phone Securities issued to me in the
Merger unless (x) such sale, transfer or other disposition has been
registered under the Act, (y) such sale, transfer or other disposition is
made in conformity with Rule 145 (as such rule may   be hereafter from time
to time amended) promulgated by the Commission under the Act, or (z) in the
opinion of counsel reasonably acceptable to Phone, or a "no action" letter
obtained by me from the staff of the Commission, such sale, transfer or other
disposition is otherwise exempt from registration under the Act.   D. I
understand that Phone is under no obligation to register the sale, transfer,
or other disposition of the Phone Securities by me or on my behalf under the
Act or to take any other action necessary in order to make compliance with an
exemption from such registration available.   E. I also understand that stop
transfer instructions will be given to Phone\'s transfer agents with respect
to the Phone Securities and that there will be placed on the certificates for
the Phone Securities issued to me, or any substitutions therefor, a legend
stating in substance:   "THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE WERE
ISSUED IN A TRANSACTION TO  WHICH RULE 145 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933 APPLIES, AND  MAY ONLY BE SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN
COMPLIANCE WITH THE  REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 145 OR PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THAT  ACT OR AN EXEMPTION FROM SUCH REGISTRATION."   F. I
also understand that unless the transfer by me of my Phone Securities has
been registered under the Act or is a sale made in conformity with
the provisions of Rule 145, Phone reserves the right to put the following
legend on the certificates issued to my transferee:   "THE SHARES
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER  THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AND WERE ACQUIRED FROM A PERSON WHO RECEIVED  SUCH
SHARES IN A TRANSACTION TO WHICH RULE 145 PROMULGATED UNDER THE  SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933 APPLIES. THE SHARES HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED BY THE  HOLDER NOT WITH A
VIEW TO, OR FOR RESALE IN CONNECTION WITH, ANY  DISTRIBUTION THEREOF WITHIN
THE MEANING OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AND  MAY NOT BE SOLD, PLEDGED OR
OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH  AN EXEMPTION FROM THE
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF  1933."   It is
understood and agreed that the legends set forth in paragraphs E and F above
shall be removed by delivery of substitute certificates without such legend
if such legend is not required for purposes of the Act or this Agreement. It
is understood and agreed that such legends and the stop orders referred
to above will be removed if (i) evidence or representations satisfactory to
Phone that the Phone Securities represented by such certificates are being or
have been sold in a transaction made in conformity with the provisions of
Rule 145(d) (as such rule may be hereafter from time to time amended) or (ii)
Phone has received either an opinion of counsel, which opinion and counsel
shall be reasonably satisfactory to Phone, or a "no action" letter obtained
by   me from the staff of the Commission, to the effect that the
restrictions imposed by Rule 145 under the Act no longer apply to me.   I
further represent to and covenant with Phone that I will not, from the
date thirty (30) days prior to the Effective Time (as defined in the
Merger Agreement), sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of or reduce my risk
(as contemplated by the SEC Accounting Series Release No. 135) with respect
to any Software.com shares or shares of the capital stock of Phone that I may
hold and I will not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of or reduce my risk
(as contemplated by SEC Accounting Series Release No. 135) with respect to
any Phone Securities received by me in the Merger or any other shares of the
capital stock of Phone until after such time as combined financial results
(including combined sales and net income) covering at least 30 days of
combined operations of Software.com and Phone have been published by Phone,
in the form of a quarterly earnings report, an effective registration
statement filed with the Commission, a report to the Commission on Form 10-K,
10-Q or 8-K, or any other public filing or announcement which includes such
combined results of operations (such period is referred to herein as the
"Pooling Period"). Notwithstanding the foregoing, I understand that during
the Pooling Period, subject to obtaining the prior written consent of Phone,
I will not be prohibited from selling up to 10% of the shares of Phone Common
Stock (the "10% Shares") received by me or shares of Phone Common Stock owned
by me or making charitable contributions or bona fide gifts of the shares of
Phone Common Stock received by me or shares of Phone Common Stock owned by
me, subject to the same restrictions; provided, however, that all holders of
Phone Common Stock, as a group, and all holders of Software.com Common Stock,
as a group, shall not be permitted to sell, in the aggregate, in excess of
one percent (1%) of the total number of shares exchanged in the Merger (the
"Threshold"). The 10% Shares shall be calculated in accordance with SEC
Accounting Series Release 135, as amended, by Staff Accounting Bulletin No.
76. I covenant with Phone that I will not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose
of any 10% Shares during the period commencing from the Effective Time (as
defined in the Merger Agreement) and ending on the last day of the Pooling
Period except in compliance with Rule 145(d)(i) under the Act or pursuant to
charitable contributions or bona fide gifts. I understand that Phone shall
not withhold its consent to such disposition so long as such disposition is
within the Threshold.   If at any time, Phone determines that the Merger may
not be accounted for as a "pooling of interests," then the restrictions in
the preceding paragraph shall terminate 45 days from the date on which it is
determined that the Merger may not be accounted for as a "pooling of
interests."   I understand that, if at any time prior to the commencement of
the Pooling Period I cease to be an "affiliate" of Software.com, I may
request in writing to Phone that I be released from my obligations hereunder
and Phone shall grant such request if, in Phone\'s good faith judgment, Phone
determines that I am, in fact, no longer an "affiliate" of Software.com and
such release would not otherwise prevent the Merger from being accounted for
as a "pooling of interests."    Execution of this letter should not be
considered an admission on my part that I am an "affiliate" of Software.com
as described in the first paragraph of this letter, or as a waiver of any
rights I may have to object to any claim that I am such an affiliate on or
after the date of this letter.    Very truly yours,  
_______________________________  Name:   Accepted this day of , 2000
by   Phone.com, Inc.   By _____________________________  Name: 
Title:    Exhibit F    FORM OF PHONE.COM AFFILIATE
LETTER   Software.com 525 Anacapa Street Santa Barbara, CA
93101  Ladies and Gentlemen:   I have been advised that as of the date of
this letter I may be deemed to be an "affiliate" of Phone.com, Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("Phone"), as the term "affiliate" is used in and for
purposes of Accounting Series, Releases 130 and 135, as amended, of the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission"). Pursuant to the terms
of the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of August 8, 2000 (the "Merger
Agreement"), among Phone, Silver Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and
a wholly owned subsidiary of Phone ("Merger Sub"), and Software.com, Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("Software.com"), Merger Sub will be merged with and
into Software.com (the "Merger").   I understand that in order for the
Merger to be accounted for as a pooling of interests, affiliates of Phone and
Software.com must not reduce their interests in or risk relative to their
ownership of the shares of capital stock of either Phone or Software.com
owned by them for a certain time period prior to and following the
Merger.   As an inducement to Software.com to consummate the Merger, I
represent to and covenant with Software.com that I will not, from the date
thirty (30) days prior to the Effective Time (as defined in the Merger
Agreement), sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of or reduce my risk (as
contemplated by the SEC Accounting Series Release No. 135) with respect to
any shares of the capital stock of either Software.com or Phone that I may
hold and I will not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of or reduce my risk
(as contemplated by SEC Accounting Series Release No. 135) with respect to
any shares of the capital stock of Phone until after such time as combined
financial results (including combined sales and net income) covering at least
30 days of combined operations of Software.com and Phone have been published
by Phone, in the form of a quarterly earnings report, an effective
registration statement filed with the Commission, a report to the Commission
on Form 10-K, 10-Q, or 8-K, or any other public filing or announcement which
includes such combined results of operations (such period is referred to
herein as the "Pooling Period"). Notwithstanding the foregoing, I understand
that during the Pooling Period, subject to obtaining the prior written
consent of Phone, I will not be prohibited from selling up to 10% of
the shares of Phone Common Stock (the "10% Shares") owned by me, or
making charitable contributions or bona fide gifts of the shares of Phone
Common Stock owned by me, subject to the same restrictions; provided,
however, that all holders of Phone Common Stock, as a group, and all holders
of Software.com Common Stock, as a group, shall not be permitted to sell, in
the aggregate, in excess of one percent (1%) of the total number
of   shares exchanged in the Merger (the "Threshold"). The 10% Shares shall
be calculated in accordance with SEC Accounting Series Release 135, as
amended, by Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 76. I covenant with Software.com
that I will not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any 10% Shares during
the period commencing from the Effective Time (as defined in the Merger
Agreement) and ending on the last day of the Pooling Period except in
compliance with Rule 145(d)(i) under the Act or pursuant to charitable
contributions or bona fide gifts. I understand that Phone shall not withhold
its consent to such disposition so long as such disposition is within the
Threshold.   If at any time, Phone determines that the Merger may not be
accounted for as a "pooling of interests," then the restrictions in the
preceding paragraph shall terminate 45 days from the later of (i) the
Effective Time and (ii) the date on which it is determined that the Merger
may not be accounted for as a "pooling of interests."   I understand that,
if at any time prior to the commencement of the Pooling Period I cease to be
an "affiliate" of Phone, I may request in writing to Phone that I be released
from my obligations hereunder and Phone shall grant such request if, in
Phone\'s good faith judgment, Phone determines that I am, in fact, no longer
an "affiliate" of Phone and such release would not otherwise prevent the
Merger from being accounted for as a "pooling of interests.   Execution of
this letter should not be considered an admission on my part that I am an
"affiliate" of Phone as described in the first paragraph of this letter, or
as a waiver of any rights I may have to object to any claim that I am such an
affiliate on or after the date of this letter.   Very truly yours,   
__________________________________  Name:    Accepted this day of , 2000
by  Software.com    By ______________________________  Name: 
Title:    Exhibit H    SOFTWARE.COM SPECIAL AFFILIATE
LETTER   Phone.com, Inc. 800 Chesapeake Drive Redwood City, CA
94603  Ladies and Gentlemen:   I have been advised that as of the date of
this letter I may be deemed to be an "affiliate" of Software.com, Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("Software.com"), as the term "affiliate" (i) is defined
for purposes of paragraphs (c) and (d) of Rule 145 of the rules and
regulations (the "Rules and Regulations") of the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the "Commission") under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the "Act") or (ii) used in and for purposes of Accounting Series, Releases
130 and 135, as amended, of the Commission. Pursuant to the terms of the
Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of August 8, 2000 (the "Merger
Agreement"), among Phone.com, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Phone"), Silver
Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary
of Phone ("Merger Sub"), and Software.com, Merger Sub will be merged with and
into Software.com (the "Merger").   As a result of the Merger, I may
receive shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Phone (the
"Phone Securities") in exchange for shares owned by me of common stock, par
value $0.001 per share, of Software.com (or upon the exercise of options for
such shares).   I hereby represent, warrant, and covenant to Phone that in
the event I receive any Phone Securities as a result of the Merger:   A. I
shall not make any sale, transfer, or other disposition of the
Phone Securities in violation of the Act or the Rules and Regulations.   B.
I have carefully read this letter and the Merger Agreement and discussed the
requirements of such documents and other applicable limitations upon
my ability to sell, transfer, or otherwise dispose of the Phone Securities,
to the extent I felt necessary, with my counsel or counsel for
Software.com.   C. I have been advised that the issuance of Phone Securities
to me pursuant to the Merger will be registered with the Commission under the
Act on a Registration Statement on Form S-4. However, I have also been
advised that, since at the time the Merger is submitted for a vote of the
stockholders of Software.com, (i) I may be deemed to be an affiliate of
Software.com and (ii) the distribution by me of the Phone Securities has not
been registered under the Act, I may not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose
of the Phone Securities issued to me in the Merger unless (x) such sale,
transfer or other disposition has been registered under the Act, (y) such
sale, transfer   or other disposition is made in conformity with Rule 145
(as such rule may be hereafter from time to time amended) promulgated by the
Commission under the Act, or (z) in the opinion of counsel reasonably
acceptable to Phone, or a "no action" letter obtained by me from the staff of
the Commission, such sale, transfer or other disposition is otherwise exempt
from registration under the Act.   D. I understand that Phone is under no
obligation to register the sale, transfer, or other disposition of the Phone
Securities by me or on my behalf under the Act or to take any other action
necessary in order to make compliance with an exemption from such
registration available.   E. I also understand that stop transfer
instructions will be given to Phone\'s transfer agents with respect to the
Phone Securities and that there will be placed on the certificates for the
Phone Securities issued to me, or any substitutions therefor, a legend
stating in substance:   "THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE WERE
ISSUED IN A TRANSACTION TO  WHICH RULE 145 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933 APPLIES, AND  MAY ONLY BE SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN
COMPLIANCE WITH THE  REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 145 OR PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THAT  ACT OR AN EXEMPTION FROM SUCH REGISTRATION."   F. I
also understand that unless the transfer by me of my Phone Securities has
been registered under the Act or is a sale made in conformity with
the provisions of Rule 145, Phone reserves the right to put the following
legend on the certificates issued to my transferee:   "THE SHARES
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER  THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AND WERE ACQUIRED FROM A PERSON WHO RECEIVED  SUCH
SHARES IN A TRANSACTION TO WHICH RULE 145 PROMULGATED UNDER THE  SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933 APPLIES. THE SHARES HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED BY THE  HOLDER NOT WITH A
VIEW TO, OR FOR RESALE IN CONNECTION WITH, ANY  DISTRIBUTION THEREOF WITHIN
THE MEANING OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AND  MAY NOT BE SOLD, PLEDGED OR
OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH  AN EXEMPTION FROM THE
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF  1933."   It is
understood and agreed that the legends set forth in paragraphs E and F above
shall be removed by delivery of substitute certificates without such legend
if such legend is not required for purposes of the Act or this Agreement. It
is understood and agreed that such legends and the stop orders referred
to above will be removed if (i) evidence or representations satisfactory to
Phone that the Phone Securities represented by such certificates are being or
have been sold in a transaction made in conformity with the provisions of
Rule 145(d) (as such rule may be hereafter from time to time amended) or (ii)
Phone has received either an opinion of counsel, which opinion and counsel
shall be reasonably satisfactory to Phone, or a "no action" letter obtained
by   me from the staff of the Commission, to the effect that the
restrictions imposed by Rule 145 under the Act no longer apply to me.   I
further represent to and covenant with Phone that I will not, from the
date thirty (30) days prior to the Effective Time (as defined in the
Merger Agreement), sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of or reduce my risk
(as contemplated by the SEC Accounting Series Release No. 135) with respect
to any Software.com shares or shares of the capital stock of Phone that I may
hold and I will not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of or reduce my risk
(as contemplated by SEC Accounting Series Release No. 135) with respect to
any Phone Securities received by me in the Merger or any other shares of the
capital stock of Phone until after such time as combined financial results
(including combined sales and net income) covering at least 30 days of
combined operations of Software.com and Phone have been published by Phone,
in the form of a quarterly earnings report, an effective registration
statement filed with the Commission, a report to the Commission on Form 10-K,
10-Q or 8-K, or any other public filing or announcement which includes such
combined results of operations (such period is referred to herein as the
"Pooling Period"). Notwithstanding the foregoing, I understand that during
the Pooling Period, subject to obtaining the prior written consent of Phone,
I will not be prohibited from selling up to 10% of the shares of Phone Common
Stock (the "10% Shares") received by me or shares of Phone Common Stock owned
by me or making charitable contributions or bona fide gifts of the shares of
Phone Common Stock received by me or shares of Phone Common Stock owned by
me, subject to the same restrictions; provided, however, that all holders of
Phone Common Stock, as a group, and all holders of Software.com Common Stock,
as a group, shall not be permitted to sell, in the aggregate, in excess of
one percent (1%) of the total number of shares exchanged in the Merger (the
"Threshold"). The 10% Shares shall be calculated in accordance with SEC
Accounting Series Release 135, as amended, by Staff Accounting Bulletin No.
76. I covenant with Phone that I will not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose
of any 10% Shares during the period commencing from the Effective Time (as
defined in the Merger Agreement) and ending on the last day of the Pooling
Period except in compliance with Rule 145(d)(i) under the Act or pursuant to
charitable contributions or bona fide gifts. I understand that Phone shall
not withhold its consent to such disposition so long as such disposition is
within the Threshold.   If at any time, Phone determines that the Merger may
not be accounted for as a "pooling of interests," then the restrictions in
the preceding paragraph shall terminate 45 days from the later of (i) the
Effective Time and (ii) the date on which it is determined that the Merger
may not be accounted for as a "pooling of interests."   I understand that,
if at any time prior to the commencement of the Pooling Period I cease to be
an "affiliate" of Software.com, I may request in writing to Phone that I be
released from my obligations hereunder and Phone shall grant such request if,
in Phone\'s good faith judgment, Phone determines that I am, in fact, no
longer an "affiliate" of Software.com and such release would not otherwise
prevent the Merger from being accounted for as a "pooling
of interests."    Execution of this letter should not be considered an
admission on my part that I am an "affiliate" of Software.com as described in
the first paragraph of this letter, or as a waiver of any rights I may have
to object to any claim that I am such an affiliate on or after the date of
this letter.    Very truly yours,    _______________________ 
Name:  Accepted this day of , 2000 by   Phone.com   By
_______________________  Name:  Title:   '

