 COMBINATION AGREEMENT    EXHIBIT
2.1     A G R E E M E N T       ON  THE COMBINATION  THROUGH A
TENDER OFFER  OF   NATIONAL-OILWELL, INC   AND   HYDRALIFT
ASA       10TH DAY OF OCTOBER 2002     BUGGE, ARENTZ-HANSEN and
RASMUSSEN     ii  TABLE OF CONTENTS    ~~  1 THE TENDER OFFER 2  
1.1 THE TENDER OFFER 2  1.2 CONDITIONS 3  1.3 HYDRALIFT BOARD SUPPORT 3 
1.4 MANDATORY TENDER OFFER AND COMPULSORY ACQUISITION 4  1.5 MANAGEMENT
COMMITMENT 4  1.6 NON-COMPETE OBLIGATION 4  2 REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES 4  3 COVENANTS 5   3.1 REASONABLE BEST EFFORTS 5  3.2
UNDERTAKING BY CERTAIN HYDRALIFT SHAREHOLDERS 5  3.3 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS AND
CAPITALIZATION PENDING THE CLOSING 6  3.4 DISTRIBUTIONS 7  3.5 DUE DILIGENCE
AND NOTICES OF CERTAIN EVENTS 7  3.6 INFORMATION DOCUMENTS 8  3.7 ACCESS TO
INFORMATION; CONFIDENTIALITY; DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION 9  3.8 NO
SOLICITATION OF TRANSACTIONS 10  3.9 PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS 10  3.10 STOCK
EXCHANGE DE-LISTING 11  3.11 COMPETITION LAW FILINGS 11  4. TERMINATION,
AMENDMENT AND WAIVER 11   4.1 TERMINATION 11  4.2 EFFECT OF TERMINATION
12  4.3 AMENDMENT 13  5. GENERAL PROVISIONS 13   5.1 NON-SURVIVAL OF
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AGREEMENTS 13  5.2 NOTICES 13  5.3
ASSIGNMENT; BINDING EFFECT; BENEFIT 14  5.4 EXPENSES 14  5.5 NO WAIVER 14 
5.6 PROVISIONS SEVERABLE 15  5.7 HEADINGS 15  5.8 GOVERNING LAW AND
ARBITRATION 15  5.9 ENTIRE AGREEMENT 15  5.10 COUNTERPARTS OF THE AGREEMENT
16      iii   LIST OF ANNEXES   The Annexes form an integral part of
the Agreement    ~~   ANNEX 1 Main Terms and Conditions for the Tender
Offer  ANNEX 2 Tentative Time Schedule  ANNEX 3 Hydralift Support
Statement  ANNEX 4 Management Commitment  ANNEX 5 Non-compete Obligation 
ANNEX 6 Representations and Warranties  ANNEX 7 Form of Call Option  ANNEX 8
Press Releases      COMBINATION  AGREEMENT    THIS AGREEMENT is
entered into on this day of 10 October 2002 (the  "Agreement"), by and
between   NATIONAL-OILWELL, INC ("NOI"), a corporation organized and
existing under  the laws of the United States of America; and   HYDRALIFT
ASA ("Hydralift"), a corporation organized and existing under  the laws of
Norway.   NOI and Hydralift are hereinafter jointly referred to as "Parties"
and  each of them a "Party".   RECITALS:  A. NOI is a worldwide leader in
the design, manufacture and sale of  comprehensive systems and components
used in oil and gas drilling and  production.  B. Hydralift is a leading
supplier of hydraulic and electric systems and  equipment for selected niches
in the offshore and marine markets.  C. The Boards of Directors of each of
NOI and Hydralift have determined that  it is in the best interests of their
respective companies and  shareholders to combine the businesses of NOI and
Hydralift through the  acquisition by NOI of the shares of Hydralift in a
public tender offer to  be effected as set forth in this Agreement.   
2  D. Following the combination, NOI desires to further develop and
continue  Hydralift role and position within the offshore drilling
equipment,  offshore production equipment and floating production markets and
to  conduct those activities out of Kristiansand.  E. The Parties intend,
upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this  Agreement, that NOI or
a wholly owned subsidiary of NOI, shall acquire,  through a voluntary public
tender offer (the "Tender Offer") and, if  necessary, through a subsequent
mandatory tender offer and compulsory  acquisition proceedings in accordance
with applicable Norwegian law, all  of the issued and outstanding shares of
Hydralift (the "Hydralift  Shares"), as more fully described below.  F. As
a result of the transactions described in Recital E, Hydralift will  become a
subsidiary of NOI and the present holders of Hydralift Shares  will as
consideration for Hydralift Shares receive cash, as more fully  described
below.  G. The Boards of Directors of NOI and Hydralift have each approved
this  Agreement. The Board of Directors of Hydralift has decided to
recommend  to the shareholders of Hydralift that they tender their Hydralift
Shares  in accordance with the terms of the Tender Offer.   NOW THEREFORE,
the Parties hereby agree as follows:   1 THE TENDER OFFER  1.1 THE TENDER
OFFER   NOI shall commence the Tender Offer on or about 8 November,
2002.   Pursuant to the Tender Offer, NOI shall offer to pay a consideration
of  NOK 55 for each Hydralift Share.   The main Terms and Conditions for
the Tender Offer are set out in  ANNEX 1.    3    A tentative time
schedule for the Tender Offer is set forth in ANNEX 2.  The Parties agree
that they have a common goal and interest in commencing  and completing the
Tender Offer as soon as practical and shall use their  best efforts in this
regard.   The initial expiration date of the Tender Offer shall be a date
(such  date, as it may be extended from time to time as hereinafter
provided,  being referred to herein as the "Expiration Date") which is not
later  than three (3) weeks after the date on which the Tender Offer
commences.  The Expiration Date may be extended by NOI from time to time
until such  time as all of the Transaction Conditions have been satisfied.
Subject  only to the conditions set forth above, NOI shall acquire and pay
for all  Hydralift Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the
Terms  and Conditions at the earliest practicable time following the
Expiration  Date (such date of acceptance being referred to herein as the
"Closing  Date").  1.2 CONDITIONS   The obligation of NOI to acquire and
to pay for Hydralift Shares tendered  pursuant to the Tender Offer shall be
subject only to this Agreement not  having been terminated and the
satisfaction or waiver by NOI of the  conditions listed in Annex 1 (the
"Transaction Conditions").  1.3 HYDRALIFT BOARD SUPPORT   The Board of
Directors of Hydralift has decided to support the Tender  Offer and will
recommend to all the shareholders of Hydralift that they  accept the Tender
Offer and tender their shares pursuant to the Terms and  Conditions and to
issue a statement in the form set out in ANNEX 3,  provided, however, that
such recommendation may at any time prior to the  Closing Date be cancelled,
modified or amended if and when the Board of  Directors of Hydralift, having
received a competing offer for the  Hydralift Shares and after having
obtained advice from its legal counsel,  determines in good faith that a
failure to so cancel, modify or amend its  recommendation would under
applicable laws constitute a breach of its  fiduciary duties towards the
shareholders of Hydralift.    4   1.4 MANDATORY TENDER OFFER AND
COMPULSORY ACQUISITION   As soon as practicable after the Closing Date,
assuming that the  Transaction Conditions shall have been either satisfied or
waived, NOI  shall, subject to the applicable rules, regulations and
procedures, make  a mandatory tender offer as regulated by Norwegian
securities market  legislation and take the necessary action under Norwegian
law to acquire  all the remaining issued and outstanding Hydralift Shares and
to de-list  the Hydralift Shares from the Oslo Stock Exchange ("OSE").  1.5
MANAGEMENT COMMITMENT   The Chairman of the Board of Hydralift, Mr. Bjarne
Skeie, and the  Managing Director of Hydralift, Mr. Birger Skeie, have
expressed their  support of the combination of NOI and Hydralift and
confirmed that they  will not terminate their employment with Hydralift as a
consequence of  the transactions contemplated in this Agreement in the form
set out in  ANNEX 4.  1.6 NON-COMPETE OBLIGATION   The Chairman of the
Board of Hydralift, Mr. Bjarne Skeie, have confirmed  that he will not
compete with the business of NOI or Hydralift, or any of  their subsidiaries
in the form set out in ANNEX 5.   2 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  
Hydralift represents and warrants to NOI as set forth in ANNEX 6 hereto,  it
being understood that these representations and warranties will not  survive
the Closing Date or the termination of this Agreement and that a  breach of
these representations and warranties will not create any  liability for
damages but shall only entitle NOI to terminate this  Agreement.   
5   3 COVENANTS  3.1 REASONABLE BEST EFFORTS   Each Party agrees to use
its reasonable best efforts to do, or cause to  be done, and to assist and
cooperate with the other Party in doing, all  things necessary or advisable
to complete in the most expeditious manner  practicable, the Tender Offer and
the other transactions contemplated by  this Agreement, including:   (i)
the obtaining of all necessary waivers, consents and approvals  from
governmental entities and stock exchanges and the making of  all necessary
registrations and filings and the taking of all  steps as may be necessary to
obtain an approval or waiver from,  or to avoid an action or proceeding by,
any governmental entity  or stock exchange;   (ii) the obtaining of all
necessary consents, approvals or waivers  from third parties; and   (iii)
the execution and delivery of any additional instruments  necessary to
consummate the transactions contemplated by, and to  fully carry out the
purposes of, this Agreement.   The Parties hereto shall cooperate and
consult with each other in  connection with the making of all such filings,
including providing  copies of all pertaining documents to the non-filing
Party and their  advisors prior to filing, and neither of the Parties will
file any such  document without consultation of the other Party.  3.2
UNDERTAKING BY CERTAIN HYDRALIFT SHAREHOLDERS   Skeie Group AS, Bjarne
Skeie, Tom Froberg, Geir Worum, Peter J. Moe, Tor  Henning Lien, 0yvind
Reiten and Birger Skeie who own an aggregate of  22.80% of the
presently    6    outstanding shares of Hydralift have undertaken to
give NOI a call option  on their shares in Hydralift subject to the terms and
conditions set out  in ANNEX 7.  3.3 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS AND CAPITALIZATION
PENDING THE CLOSING   Hydralift agrees that, between the date of this
Agreement and the Closing  Date, except as contemplated by any other
provision of this Agreement,  the business of Hydralift and its subsidiaries
shall be conducted only  in, and Hydralift and its subsidiaries shall
continue to take all  appropriate actions in, and not take any action except
in, the ordinary  course of business consistent with past practice or in
accordance with  the investment plans or divestment programs decided on by
the relevant  corporate body of Hydralift before the date of this Agreement
and  disclosed to NOI.   Hydralift shall not, without the consent of NOI,
which shall not be  unreasonably withheld or delayed;   (i) amend or
propose to amend its charter or bylaws;   (ii) split, combine or reclassify
any outstanding shares of its  capital stock, or declare, set aside or pay
any dividends or make  any other distribution to the holders thereof;  
(iii) issue or sell any options, warrants, convertible securities,  calls,
commitments, agreements or rights (contingent or  otherwise) of any character
to purchase, subscribe to, or  otherwise acquire any shares in Hydralift or
subdivide or in any  way reclassify any shares of Hydralift.   (iv) merge
or consolidate with or into any other corporation or change  in any manner
the rights of its capital stock or the character of  its business;   (v)
other than in the ordinary course of business acquire (by merger, 
consolidation or acquisition of stock or assets) any corporation, 
partnership or other business organisation or division thereof or  make any
equity investments therein;   (vi) other than in the ordinary course of
business incur any  indebtedness for borrowed money or issue any debt
securities;   (vii) other than in the ordinary course of business enter into
or  modify any material contract, lease or agreement;    7    (viii)
other than in the ordinary course of business directly or  indirectly, take
any action which would cause its representations  and warranties contained
herein to become inaccurate in any  material respect;   and Hydralift shall
further;   (i) use its best efforts to maintain Hydralift\' market position
and  business organisation and make no material changes to the  compensation
or benefit payable to its senior employees; and   (ii) promptly disclose to
NOI any material information with regard to  its business contained in its
representations and warranties or  any Annex hereto which, because of any
event occurring after the  date hereof, is incomplete or is no longer correct
as of all  times after the date hereof until the Closing Date.  3.4
DISTRIBUTIONS   Hydralift undertakes not to distribute, or have distributed
any  dividends, group contributions or other contributions as a profit 
distribution (each a "Distribution") to their respective shareholders  after
December 31, 2001, (except for any Distribution as per their  respective
Annual Accounts approved by the shareholders for the fiscal  year
2001).  3.5 DUE DILIGENCE AND NOTICES OF CERTAIN EVENTS   On or before 8
November 2002 NOI will complete a confirmatory financial  Due Diligence
review of Hydralift as described below. Subject to proper  compliance with
all relevant laws and regulations, Hydralift will give  NOI and its advisors
such information and access to their respective  business, management and
advisors as may be required to enable them to  conduct such financial Due
Diligence review. To the extent NOI requests  information on issues, which
Hydralift, in their reasonable opinion,  determines contains business secrets
that they do not wish to disclose to  NOI, such information shall only be
given to NOI\'s independent advisors.  The independent advisors may only
disclose such information to NOI in a  manner and in a format    8   
agreed in writing by Hydralift prior to such disclosure, such agreement  not
to be unreasonably withheld.   The Parties agree that the purpose of the
financial Due Diligence review  shall be to verify that there are no
circumstances, events or changes in  or effect on the business of Hydralift
and its Subsidiaries taken as a  whole that is, or is reasonably likely to
be, materially adverse to the  business, condition (financial or otherwise)
or result of operations of  Hydralift and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole
(a "Material Adverse  Effect") and further to verify the representations and
warranties as set  forth in ANNEX 6 hereto. In order to qualify as a Material
Adverse Effect  under this Agreement, the Material Adverse Effect must
represent a  situation where the value of Hydralift is reduced a minimum of
NOK 100  million.   Throughout the term of this Agreement, Hydralift shall
give prompt notice  to NOI of any change, event or circumstance that is
reasonably likely to  result in a Material Adverse Effect on it or is likely
to delay or impede  its ability to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement  or to fulfill its obligations set forth herein. Likewise,
NOI shall give  prompt notice to Hydralift of any change, event or
circumstance that is  reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse
Effect on Hydralift, a  need to extend the financial Due Diligence review
period due to a matter  which is reasonably likely to result in a Material
Adverse Effect or in  the event that Hydralift has not provided information
as per the purpose  of the financial Due Diligence review as set out in the
paragraph above  or which is likely to delay or impede its ability to
consummate the  transactions contemplated by this Agreement or to fulfill its
obligations  set forth herein.   3.6 INFORMATION DOCUMENTS   (a) As
promptly as practicable after the execution of this Agreement,  NOI shall
prepare the documentation that will constitute the  basis for the Tender
Offer (the "Information Documents").  Hydralift shall furnish all information
concerning it as     9    NOI may reasonably request in connection with
such actions and  the preparation of the Information Documents. As promptly
as  practicable, the appropriate Information Documents will be mailed  or
otherwise made available to the shareholders of Hydralift. NOI  shall cause
the Information Documents to comply as to form and  substance in all material
respects with the applicable  requirements of the relevant jurisdictions.  
(b) The Information Documents shall include the recommendation of the  Board
of Directors of Hydralift to the shareholders of Hydralift  that they accept
the Tender Offer referred to in Section 1.3.   NOI will be primarily
responsible for and take the lead in the drafting  of necessary documents and
shall absorb its costs related to those  activities. Hydralift shall pay its
own legal, accounting and other  related costs.  3.7 ACCESS TO INFORMATION;
CONFIDENTIALITY; DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION   For the purpose of finalizing
the Information Documents and any other  documents required for the Tender
Offer and except as required pursuant  to any confidentiality agreement or
similar agreement or arrangement to  which the Parties or any of their
respective subsidiaries is a party or  pursuant to applicable law, including
competition law, or the regulations  or requirements of any stock exchange or
other regulatory organization  with whose rules the Parties are required to
comply, from the date of  this Agreement to the Closing Date, Hydralift shall
(and shall cause its  respective subsidiaries to) provide to NOI access at
reasonable times  upon prior notice to such information concerning the
business,  properties, contracts, assets, liabilities, personnel and other
aspects  of Hydralift and its subsidiaries as NOI may reasonably request in
order  to finalize the Information Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, 
Hydralift shall not be obliged to provide direct access to NOI to 
information under this section which constitute business secrets, ref. 
Section 3.5 above. The Parties shall each comply with all of their 
respective obligations in the Confidentiality Agreement(s), dated 7 June, 
2002 (the "Confidentiality Agreement(s)") with respect to the information 
disclosed. All information provided hereunder to the other Parties shall  be
covered by    10    the Confidentiality Agreement(s), which shall
survive the termination or  expiration of this Agreement.   Throughout the
term of this Agreement, NOI shall have access at  reasonable times upon prior
written notice to such information required  to verify that there are no
circumstances, events or changes having a  Material Adverse Effect on
Hydralift.   NOI shall have the right to acquire and sell Hydralift Shares,
warrants  or other financial instruments throughout the term of this
Agreement and  up until the Closing Date. If NOI is or become prohibited from
carrying  out such transactions due to it having knowledge of information
covered  by the Oslo Stock Exchange Regulations Section 5-2, whether obtained
from  Hydralift or otherwise, Hydralift shall, promptly after having
received  notice to such effect from NOI, disclose such information according
to  the appropriate rules of the Oslo Stock Exchange.  3.8 NO SOLICITATION
OF TRANSACTIONS   Hydralift will not, directly or indirectly, solicit any
inquiries or  facilitate or solicit any proposal or offer (including,
without  limitation, any proposal or offer to its shareholders) that
constitutes,  or may reasonably be expected to lead to, any competing
transaction or  otherwise adversely affect the completion of the
transactions  contemplated herein, or have any negotiations with anyone in
furtherance  of such inquiries or to obtain a competing transaction.
Hydralift shall  promptly and at the same time that the Oslo Stock Exchange
is informed,  inform NOI of any competing offer they receive, including all
relevant  details thereof, and shall not issue any favorable statements
regarding  the competing offer before NOI has had at least 5 Norwegian
business days  in order to consider and to present a revised and increased
Tender Offer.  3.9 PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS   The initial press releases
concerning the transactions shall be in the  form set out in ANNEX 8 and,
thereafter, the Parties shall consult with  each other before issuing any
press release or otherwise making any  public statements with respect to this
Agreement    11    or any transactions contemplated hereunder and shall
not issue any such  press release or make any such public statement without
the other Party\'s  approval, except to the extent that public statements are
required  according to applicable laws.  3.10 STOCK EXCHANGE DE-LISTING  
The Parties shall use their respective best efforts to cause the  Hydralift
Shares to be de-listed from the OSE as soon as permitted and  practicable
under applicable laws and regulations.  3.11 COMPETITION LAW FILINGS  
Without limiting the obligations of each Party under Section 3.1, NOI  shall
prepare the necessary filings as required under any antitrust or  competition
laws and use their reasonable best efforts to facilitate the  favorable
treatment of those at relevant authorities. Hydralift shall  co-operate fully
with NOI, and shall provide all information about  Hydralift reasonably
requested by NOI.   4. TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER  4.1
TERMINATION   This Agreement may be terminated and the Tender Offer may be
abandoned,  as follows:   (i) by NOI and Hydralift, by mutual written
consent duly authorized  by the Board of Directors of each of NOI and
Hydralift before the  commencement of the Tender Offer Period;   (ii) by
either Party, if the Closing Date shall not have occurred on  or before 31.
March, 2003; provided, however, that this right to  terminate shall not be
available to the Party whose failure to  fulfill any obligation under this
Agreement shall have resulted  in the failure of the closing to occur on or
before such date;    12    (iii) by either Party at any time prior to
the Closing Date, if any  order preventing the consummation of the Tender
Offer shall have  been issued by any court of competent jurisdiction;  
(iv) by NOI before the Closing Date, upon a material breach of any 
representation, warranty, covenant or agreement by any other  Party set forth
in this Agreement;   (v) by NOI before the Closing Date, if and to the
extent that the  confirmatory Due Diligence review referred to in section
3.5  above has revealed previously undisclosed circumstances that has  a
Material Adverse Effect;   (vi) by NOI, if the Board of Directors of
Hydralift has modified or  withdrawn its support for the Tender Offer
referred to in Section  1.3, whether or not in accordance with the terms
thereof.  4.2 EFFECT OF TERMINATION   In the event of termination of this
Agreement pursuant to Section 4.1  this Agreement shall forthwith become void
and, if termination is made  pursuant to Section 4.1 (i) - (v), there shall
be no liability for either  Party or any of their officers and directors
under this Agreement and all  rights and obligations of each Party hereto
shall cease, provided,  however, that nothing herein shall relieve any Party
from liability for  the willful breach of any of its representations and
warranties or the  willful breach of any of its covenants or agreements set
forth in this  Agreement.   If the Board of Directors of Hydralift has
modified or withdrawn its  support for the Tender Offer referred to in
Section 1.3 and the Tender  Offer is not comsummated, Hydralift shall
promptly upon request pay to  NOI in immediately available funds a
termination fee in the amount of NOK  50 million to cover the estimated
amount of any and all out-of-pocket  fees and expenses incurred or paid by
NOI in connection with the  transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
including filing fees,  printing fees and fees and expenses of law firms,
commercial banks,  investment banking firms,    13    accountants,
experts and consultants and all costs for any financial  arrangements (and
the breaking of them).   If an offer is made to acquire the stock of NOI and
the Tender Offer  consequently is not consummated, NOI shall promptly upon
request pay to  Hydralift in immediately available funds a termination fee in
the amount  of NOK 50 million to cover the estimated amount of any and all 
out-of-pocket fees and expenses incurred or paid by Hydralift in  connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,  including filing fees,
printing fees and fees and expenses of law firms,  commercial banks,
investment banking firms, accountants, experts and  consultants.  4.3
AMENDMENT   This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in
writing signed by the Parties hereto.  5. GENERAL PROVISIONS  5.1 NON-
SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AGREEMENTS   The
representations, warranties and agreements in this Agreement shall  terminate
at the Closing Date or upon the termination of this Agreement  pursuant to
Section 4.1, as the case may be.  5.2 NOTICES   All notices, demands or
other communication, which shall be in the  English language, to or upon the
respective Parties hereto shall be  deemed to have been duly given or made
when delivered by mail or telefax  to the Party in question as follows:   
14    If to NOI: National-Oilwell, Inc.  address: 10000 Richmond Avenue,
Suite 4000  Houston, Texas 77042, USA  telefax: +1 713 346 7995  attention:
General Counsel   If to Hydralift: Hydralift ASA  address: Box 401  4604
Kristiansand, NORWAY  telefax: +47 38 19 23 11  attention: Mr. Birger Skeie
(CEO)   or at such other address as the respective Party hereto may
hereafter  specify in writing to the other Party.  5.3 ASSIGNMENT; BINDING
EFFECT; BENEFIT   Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or
obligations  hereunder shall be assigned by any of the Parties without the
prior  written consent of the other Party. Notwithstanding anything contained
in  this Agreement to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement, expressed or 
implied, is intended to confer on any person other than the Parties  hereto
or their respective successors and assigns any rights, remedies,  obligations
or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement.  5.4 EXPENSES  
Without prejudice to the provisions contained in Section 4.2, all  expenses
incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions  contemplated
hereunder shall be paid by the Party incurring such  expenses, whether or not
the Tender Offer is consummated. However,  subject to separate agreements
between all the Parties, certain expenses  can be incurred collectively and
shall be divided equally between the  relevant Parties.    15   5.5 NO
WAIVER   Failure by a Party at any time or times to require performance of
any  provisions of this Agreement shall in no manner affect its right to 
enforce the same, and the waiver by a Party of any breach of any  provision
of this Agreement shall not be construed to be a waiver by such  Party of any
succeeding breach of such provision or waiver by such Party  of any breach of
any other provision hereof.  5.6 PROVISIONS SEVERABLE   If any part of
this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable such  determination
shall not invalidate any other provision of this Agreement;  however, the
Parties hereto shall attempt, through negotiations in good  faith, to replace
any part of this Agreement so held to be invalid or  unenforceable.  5.7
HEADINGS   The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference
only and  shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning or interpretation
of the  provisions of this Agreement.  5.8 GOVERNING LAW AND
ARBITRATION   This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in
accordance with  the laws of Norway. Any dispute arising out of or in
connection with this  Agreement shall be finally settled by arbitration in
accordance with  chapter 32 of the Norwegian Civil Procedure Act 1915. The
arbitration  shall be held in Oslo and the arbitration proceedings shall be
conducted  in the English language.    16    5.9 ENTIRE AGREEMENT  
This Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement(s) constitute the entire 
agreement among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and 
supersede all prior agreements and understandings among the Parties with 
respect thereto. No addition to or modification of any provision of this 
Agreement shall be binding upon a Party unless made in writing and signed  by
both Parties.  5.10 COUNTERPARTS OF THE AGREEMENT   This Agreement has
been executed in two (2) identical counterparts, one  (1) for each
Party.  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be
executed as of the date first written above by their respective officers
thereunto duly authorized.    NATIONAL-OILWELL, INC. HYDRALIFT ASA   
By: /s/ Merrill A. Miller, Jr. By: /s/ Bjarne Skeie 
----------------------------- ----------------------------  Merrill A. Miller
Jr. Bjarne Skeie  Chairman, President/CEO Chairman of the Board    By: /s/
Birger Skeie  ----------------------------  Birger Skeie  Managing
Director     17     ANNEX 1 - MAIN TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE TENDER
OFFER   1. INTRODUCTION  1.1 NOI will offer to acquire all the
outstanding shares in Hydralift by  presenting the Tender Offer.  1.2 The
Tender Offer shall be announced on or about 8 November 2002 on the  terms and
subject to the conditions stipulated in this Annex 1.  1.3 NOI undertakes
after announcing the Tender Offer to prepare and have  approved by the Oslo
Stock Exchange the required Offer documentation  according to the Norwegian
Securities Trading Act chapter 4. The Offer  Documentation shall be subject
to the Main Terms and Conditions  included in this Annex 1.  2. THE
OFFER  2.1 The acquisition of Hydralift shares shall be effected as a sale
of  shares for cash.  2.2 The accepting shareholders will for each share in
Hydralift receive a  consideration of NOK 55 in cash.  2.3 NOI may increase
the Tender Offer Price during the Tender Offer Period.  2.4 NOI may purchase
Hydralift Shares, or rights to such shares, otherwise  than under the Tender
Offer, such as in the open market or in privately  negotiated
purchases.  3. THE TENDER OFFER PERIOD  3.1 The Tender Offer shall expire
not later than three (3) weeks after the  date on which the Tender Offer
commences ("The Expiration Date").  3.2 The Expiration Date may be extended
by NOI from time to time until such  time as all of the Transaction
Conditions have been satisfied.    18   3.3 The acceptances from
Hydralift shareholders will cease to be valid if  NOI has not on 31. March
2003 at latest, made a public announcement  that the Transaction Conditions
are met or waived ("the Closing  Announcement").  4. TRANSACTION
CONDITIONS   The obligation of NOI to complete the Tender offer may be made
subject  to the following conditions:  4.1 That the Hydralift Board
recommends and upholds its recommendation of  the Tender Offer for acceptance
by Hydralift shareholders in accordance  with the Board Support Form in Annex
2 to the Agreement,  4.2 That a number of Hydralift Shares representing more
than 90% of the  number of shares and voting power of the Hydralift Shares,
including  Hydralift Shares aquired by NOI in the market, Hydralift Shares 
tendered in respect of the Tender Offer and Hydralift Shares controlled  by
the Call Option (cf. Annex 7) or other option agreements, shall have  been
validly acquired, tendered and not withdrawn within the Tender  Offer
period.  4.3 That any governmental or official approval under EU or US
competition  and/or any other applicable competition or other laws, which
are  necessary for the consummation of the transactions contemplated 
hereunder, have been duly obtained prior to 31 March 2003, and that no  order
preventing the consummation of the Tender Offer shall have been  issued by
any court of competent jurisdiction.  4.4 That no intervention will be made
and no conditions will be imposed by  other national or international
authorities or court of law in  connection with the acquisition that NOI at
its sole discretion  determines are unduly burdensome.  4.5 That Hydralift
is not in material breach of any representation  warranty, covenant or
agreement set forth in the Agreement.    19   4.6 That there have not
been events, related to the Hydralift group of  companies, that separately or
together may have a Material Adverse  Effect, financially or otherwise for
the assets of the Hydralift group  or for Hydralift and their obligations,
operations, results or  prospects.  4.7 That the business of Hydralift, in
the period from the commencement of  the Tender Offer and prior to settlement
of the Tender Offer, has been  conducted in the ordinary course of business
and in accordance with  applicable laws, regulations and decisions of any
governmental body,  and that there has not been made any changes in the share
capital of  Hydralift, issuance of rights which entitles holders to demand
new  shares or similar securities, payment of dividend, proposals to 
shareholders for merger or de-merger, or any other change of corporate 
structure.  4.8 NOI may elect whether or not to complete the Tender Offer,
if one or  more of the conditions in 4.1-4.7 above are not fulfilled.  5.
SETTLEMENT  5.1 Settlement will be available to the selling shareholders
within (two)  weeks after the Closing Announcement in Section 3.3.  5.2 If
the Closing Date has not occurred on 31 December 2002 due to the  required
approvals under applicable competition laws not having been  obtained, NOI
will pay interest in the amount of 7,0% p.a. to the  owners of Hydralift
Shares tendered in respect of the Tender Offer,  calculated from 31 December
2002 and until full settlement is made or  the shares are returned.  6.
OTHER TERMS FOR THE TENDER OFFER  6.1 Shareholder acceptance of the Tender
Offer shall be irrevocable and  will include all the accepting shareholders\'
shares owned at the time  of acceptance during the Tender    20   
Offer Period provided the Transaction Conditions for completing the  Tender
Offer as stated in Section 4 are met.  6.2 The accepting shareholders\'
shares will upon receipt of the acceptance  be transferred to a VPS account
to be blocked in favor of an agent of  NOI on behalf of NOI.  6.3 Shares
tendered will be acquired on the terms of the Tender Offer, free  from
charges and encumbrances and together with all rights attaching 
thereto.  6.4 Norwegian law shall govern the Tender Offer.     ANNEX 2 -
INDICATIVE TIMETABLE  The Parties have agreed to use their best efforts to
pursue the following indicative timetable:    ~~  11 October 2002 Press
release announcing transaction (prior to open of market  in Oslo and New
York.  11 October 2002 Preparation of Information Documents begins.  14
October 2002 Joint press conference - in Houston.  11 October 2002, at the
latest Complete due diligence information, as agreed, available in the data
room.  21 October, 2002 Due diligence commences.  21 October, 2002
Competition filings, if applicable.  25 October 2002 Completion of
interviews and site visits.  8 November, 2002 Due diligence ends, subject to
the deadlines having been met.  8 November 2002 Lodging of Voluntary Tender
Offer  22 November, 2002 Offer acceptance period ends (subject to
extension).  29 November, 2002 Competition clearance, if applicable.  1
December 2002 Offer becomes unconditional (subject to competition
filings)  14 December 2002 Hydralift Shareholders receive
Consideration  16 December 2002 Mandatory Offer commences.  13 January,
2003 Mandatory Offer ends.  Later Minority squeeze out begins (subject to
completion of the Offer and  Mandatory Offer having occurred).  Later De-
listing of Hydralift Shares (timing depending on number of shares held by 
minority shareholders).      ANNEX 3 - HYDRALIFT SUPPORT
STATEMENT   On 11 October, 2002 the Board of Directors of Hydralift and NOI
announced that NOI and Hydralift has entered into a Combination Agreement
dated 10October, 2002 ("the Combination Agreement") under which NOI, subject
to certain terms and conditions, shall launch an offer to acquire all shares
in Hydralift by making a public voluntary tender offer with payment in cash
(the "Tender Offer"). [The acquisition will inter alia require certain
governmental approvals] and 90 % acceptance by Hydralift shareholders.  The
Board of Directors hereby present its statement concerning the Tender
Offer in accordance with Section 4-16 of Norwegian Securities Trading
Act.  Prior to entering into the combination agreement the management and
the board of directors of Hydralift have with the assistance of their
advisors evaluated various alternatives for changing the ownership structure
of Hydralift and have as part of that process conducted discussions with the
management and board of directors of NOI in order to review possible common
business opportunities. In this cause NOI and Hydralift have come to the
conclusion that it would be in the best interest of the companies and their
shareholders to combine the businesses of NOI and Hydralift in order to
create a strong platform for growth.  As of 10 October, 2002, 8 shareholders
representing 22.80 per cent of the shares in Hydralift have granted NOI a
call option to acquire the shares at a price equal to the Offer Price. The
call option is exercisable until 31 March, 2003 (including).  It is the
Board of Directors\' opinion that the combination of Hydralift and
NOI represents a very interesting development for Hydralift. Furthermore, the
Board of Directors believe that the employees of Hydralift are content with
NOI\'s offer. [Comment: The employees may issue its own statement. In such
situation, it should be assumed that the board statement will refer to the
employee statement.]  NOI\'s offer price is NOK xx in cash for each
Hydralift share. This represents a premium of xx per cent to the Hydralift
share closing price at NOK [ ] on the Oslo Stock    2   Exchange on 10
October, 2002; the day before the Combination Agreement was announced.  The
Board of Directors has for the purpose of the evaluation of the
offer received a separate opinion from Pareto Securities ASA, who has
expressed the view, based on the current market conditions, that the price
offered is a fair price for the Hydralift shares.  Based on an overall
evaluation the Board of Directors of Hydralift recommends that the Hydralift
shareholders accept the offer from NOI.  Such recommendation may, however,
subject to the provisions of Section 1.3 of the Combination Agreement, be
withdrawn before the end of the Tender Offer Period if there is launched a
competing offer and after having obtained advice from its legal counsel,
determines in good faith that a failure to so cancel, modify or amend its
recommendation would under applicable laws constitute a breach of its
fiduciary duties towards the shareholders of Hydralift.. If NOI in such case
increases its Offer to or above the competing bid, we will uphold and express
our recommendation of the increased Offer from NOI.  Further, our
recommendation is subject to the fact that all relevant governmental bodies
approves the transactions without issuing requirements materially effecting
the future business of the companies. The following members of the Board of
Directors hold shares in Hydralift:  [ ]  Furthermore, ( ), the Chief
Executive Officer of Hydralift holds xxx shares.  The members of the Board
of Directors and the Chief executive Officer has granted call options to NOI
as far as their own shares are concerned.  Hydralift shareholders should
note that in the event that more than 90 per cent of the Hydralift
shareholders accept the offer, the result will in all probability be that
the    3   Hydralift share will no longer be listed on the Oslo Stock
Exchange and that the minority shareholders will be redeemed.     [ ], [
], 2002   The Board of Directors of Hydralift        ANNEX 4 -
MANAGEMENT COMMITMENT   In this statement, capitalised terms shall have the
same meaning as in the combination agreement entered into between NOI and
Hydralift on the date hereof.  The undersigned have in a separate statement
(the Hydralift Support Statement) expressed our support of the combination of
NOI and Hydralift. The undersigned have also undertaken to grant NOI call
option to purchase our shares subject to the terms and conditions set out in
a separate Letter Agreement regarding Call Option.  The undersigned hereby
confirm that we will not terminate our employment with Hydralift for a period
of three years from the Closing Date. Our employment shall be based on our
existing employment contracts, with the appropriate amendments required by
the consummation of the Tender Offer. The revised employment contracts shall
be entered into prior to the start of the Tender Offer Period.   
Kristiansand, 10 October, 2002    /s/ Bjarne Skeie /s/ Birger
Skeie ----------------------- ----------------------- Bjarne Skeie Birger
Skeie Chairman of the Board Managing Director       ANNEX 5 - NON-
COMPETE OBLIGATION   In this statement, capitalised terms shall have the
same meaning as in the combination agreement entered into between NOI and
Hydralift on the date hereof.  The undersigned confirm that for a period of
five years from the Closing Date, none of us shall, directly or indirectly,
be engaged in any business or activity conducted by NOI or Hydralift, or any
of their Subsidiaries, on the date hereof, including, without limitation,
production, assembly, marketing, distribution and sales of:   (i) Drilling
and compensation equipment for fixed and floating  offshore
installations;   (ii) Surface and sub sea handling equipment for offshore
activities;   (iii) Handling equipment for marine activities;   (iv)
Downhole fishing tools, downhole drilling motors, drilling jars  and shock
tools, SCR systems, Plunger Pumps, drilling and  production expendables, oil
and gas well drilling equipment,  including all sizes of drilling and
workover rigs, coiled tubing  equipment, handling tools, centrifugal pumps,
and cranes,  provided, however, that the above shall not prevent the
undersigned from acquiring or owning directly or indirectly up to 10% of the
capital stock and votes of any listed company.  NOI acknowledge to be aware
that the Skeie Group AS has owned approx. 30 -40% of Sinvest ASA and
presently owns approx. 30% of Sinvest ASA. NOI hereby confirms that the Skeie
Group AS can continue to own 30-40% of Sinvest ASA and that this shall not be
considered a breach of this non-compete obligation, so long as Sinvest ASA
does not change or expand its current scope of activities in such way that it
becomes engaged in any business or activity conducted by NOI or Hydralift, or
any of their Subsidiaries, on the date hereof, including,
without limitation,    2   production, assembly, marketing,
distribution and sales of such equipment as covered by (i) through (iv) above
in this non-compete obligation.    Kristiansand, 10 October,
2002    /s/ Bjarne Skeie /s/ Bjarne Skeie ---------------------
---------------------- Bjarne Skeie Skeie Group AS     ANNEX 6 -
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES   I. HYDRALIFT REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES  Hydralift hereby represents and warrants to NOI that, except
only as disclosed in the audited consolidated accounts of Hydralift and for
the year ended December 31, 2001:  A. ORGANIZATION AND QUALIFICATION;
SUBSIDIARIES. Hydralift and each of its respective subsidiaries and
affiliated companies (the "Subsidiaries") have been duly organized and is
validly existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or
organization, as the case may be, and has the requisite power and authority
and all necessary governmental approvals to own, lease and operate its
properties and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted.  B.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. The audited consolidated accounts of Hydralift as
of December 31, 2001, and the consolidated interim accounts of Hydralift as
of March 31, 2002 and June 30, 2002, respectively, are complete and correct
in all material respects and truly and correctly reflect the results of
operation, the financial condition, and the assets and liabilities of
Hydralift, respectively, as at the relevant date and have been prepared in
conformity with the generally accepted accounting principles applied in their
respective jurisdictions.  C. CAPITALIZATION. The authorized share capital
of Hydralift is as described in the interim financial statement of Hydralift
as of June 30, 2002 and except as described therein there are no warrants,
options or other rights, arrangements or commitments of any character to
which Hydralift is a party or by which it is bound relating to its issued or
un-issued capital stock or obligating it to issue or sell any shares of
capital stock of, or other equity interests in, Hydralift or any Subsidiary
and there are no outstanding contractual obligations of Hydralift or any
Subsidiary to redeem or otherwise acquire any of its shares or any shares of
any of its Subsidiaries. Each outstanding share of each Subsidiary is duly
authorized, validly issued and fully paid and each such share owned by
Hydralift or another of its Subsidiaries is free and clear of all security
interests, liens, claims, pledges, options, rights of first
refusal, agreements, limitations on Hydralift or such other Subsidiary\'s
voting rights, charges and    2   other encumbrances of any nature
whatsoever, except where failure to own such shares free and clear would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.  D.
AUTHORITY RELATIVE TO THIS AGREEMENT. Hydralift has all necessary
corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
perform its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this
Agreement by Hydralift have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary
corporate action and no other corporate proceedings on its part are necessary
to authorize this Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized and
validly executed and delivered by Hydralift and constitutes a legal, valid
and binding obligation of Hydralift enforceable against it in accordance with
its terms.  E. NO CONFLICT: REQUIRED FILINGS AND CONSENTS. The execution and
delivery of this Agreement by Hydralift does not, and the performance by
Hydralift of this Agreement will not, (i) conflict with or violate any
provision of its Articles of Association or other corporate organization
documents or any equivalent organizational documents of any of its
Subsidiaries, (ii) conflict with or violate any law applicable to Hydralift
or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iii) result in any breach of or constitute a
default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become
a default) under, or give to others any right of termination, amendment,
acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the creation of a lien or other
encumbrance on any property or asset of Hydralift or any of its Subsidiaries
pursuant to, any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement, lease,
license, permit, franchise or other instrument or obligation, except, with
respect to clauses (ii) and (iii), for any such conflicts, violations,
breaches, defaults, or other occurrences which would neither, individually or
in the aggregate, (A) have a Material Adverse Effect nor (B) prevent or
materially delay the performance of this Agreement.  F. ABSENCE OF CERTAIN
CHANGES OR EVENTS. Since January 1, 2002, Hydralift and each of its
Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses only in the ordinary course and
in a manner consistent with past practice and, since such date, there has not
been (a) any Material Adverse Effect, (b) any event that could reasonably be
expected to prevent or materially delay the performance of this Agreement,
(c) any material change in its accounting methods, principles or practices,
(d) any declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend or
its distribution in respect of shares or any redemption, purchase or
other acquisition of any of its    3   other securities other than the
regular annual dividend on each share, or (e) any significant increase in the
compensation or benefits or establishment of any bonus, insurance, severance,
deferred compensation, pension, retirement, profit sharing, stock option
(including, without limitation, the granting of stock options, stock
appreciation rights or performance awards), or other employee benefit plan,
or any other increase in the compensation payable or to become payable to any
executive officers of Hydralift or any Subsidiary except in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice or except as required by
applicable law.  G. CONTRACTS; DEBT INSTRUMENTS; There is no contract or
agreement of Hydralift or its Subsidiaries the termination of which would be
material to its business, financial condition or results of operations (each,
a "Material Contract"). Neither Hydralift nor any of its Subsidiaries is in
violation of or in default under (nor does there exist any condition which
upon the passage of time or the giving of notice would cause such a violation
of or default under) any loan or credit agreement, note, bond, mortgage,
indenture , lease, disposal of assets, shares or business, or any other
contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding to which it is a party or
by which it or any of its properties or assets is bound, except for
violations or defaults that would not individually or in the aggregate,
result in a Material Adverse Effect.  H. PUBLIC DOCUMENTS. All public
announcements and publicly filed information issued by it through the Oslo
B0rs, including, but not limited to, any prospectuses or documents to
Shareholders, were when published true and accurate in all material respects
and were not misleading in any material respect and there were no material
omissions from them.  I. ENVIRONMENTAL. There are no environmental
conditions or circumstances, such as the presence or release of any hazardous
substance, on any property presently or previously owned or leased by
Hydralift or any of its Subsidiaries that could have a Material Adverse
Effect.  J. LITIGATION. There is no suit, claim, action, proceeding or
investigation pending or threatened against Hydralift or any of its
Subsidiaries before any governmental entity or other third party which,
individually or in the aggregate, is reasonably likely to have a Material
Adverse Effect nor is Hydralift or any of its Subsidiaries subject to any
outstanding    4   Order, writ, injunction or decree which, insofar as
can be reasonably foreseen, individually or in the aggregate, would have a
Material Adverse Effect.  K. TAXES. Except for such matters that would not
have a Material Adverse Effect, (a) Hydralift and each of its Subsidiaries
have timely filed or will timely file all returns and reports required to be
filed by them with any taxing authority with respect to taxes for any period
ending on or before the Closing Date, (b) all taxes shown to be payable on
such returns or reports that are due, prior to the Closing Date have been
paid or will be paid, (c) as of the date hereof, no deficiency for any
material amount of tax has been asserted or assessed by a taxing authority
against Hydralift or its Subsidiaries; and (d) Hydralift and each of its
Subsidiaries have provided adequate reserves in their financial statements
for any taxes that have not been paid, whether or not shown as being due on
any returns.      ANNEX 7 - FORM OF CALL OPTION   TO NATIONAL OILWELL
INC. ("NOI")   LETTER AGREEMENT REGARDING CALL OPTION    I have reviewed
the Combination Agreement ("Agreement") to be entered  into between NOI and
the Board of Hydralift dated on 10 October, 2002,  pursuant to which NOI,
subject to the terms and conditions in the  Agreement and its Annex 1, will
present a voluntary offer ("the Tender  Offer") to acquire all the shares in
Hydralift ASA ("Hydralift").  Capitilized terms used herein will, unless
otherwise stated, have the  same meaning as in the Agreement.   As of this
date I own [ ] Hydralift Shares (the "Option Shares").   Under the Tender
Offer, the shareholders will for each Hydralift Share be  offered NOK 55 in
cash.    A. CALL OPTION   1. I hereby grant NOI an option (the "Call
Option") to purchase the  Option Shares at a price of NOK 55 (the "Option
Price") per share.  In consideration of the grant of the Call Option, NOI
shall pay an  option premium of NOK 1.68 per Option Share (the "Option
Premium").  The Option Premium is payable three (3) business days after
this  irrevocable undertaking was duly executed by me and received by NOI. 
NOI may only exercise the Call Option by serving a written exercise  notice
(the "Exercise Notice") on me during the period beginning on  10 October 2002
and ending on 31 March 2003 (both dates inclusive)  (the "Option Exercise
Period"). The Call Option may only be  exercised in respect of all Option
Shares. If the Call Option is not  exercised within the Option Exercise
Period it shall cease to be  exercisable and shall laps. Upon the exercise of
the Call Option,  where Pareto Securities ASA shall represent the undersigned
and  First Securities ASA ("First") shall represent NOI,    2   the
Option Shares shall be transferred to a VPS book-entry account  designated by
NOI held by First three (3) business days after NOI  having sent the Exercise
Notice to me. The Option Price is payable  three (3) business days after the
relevant shares are registered on  the designated VPS account. It is agreed
that First shall not have  any obligation or liability to fulfill NOI\' or my
obligations  pursuant to this undertaking, cf. the Securities Trading Act
Section  11-1. The Option Premium shall be transferred to a bank account 
designated by me with a Norwegian commercial bank (the "Escrow  Account")
held by me. The Escrow account shall be pledged and  blocked in favor of NOI
as set in Schedule 2. The pledge and  blocking shall be perfected, and such
perfection confirmed to NOI,  prior to the transfer of Option Premium. First
shall not transfer  Option Shares to NOI until the Option Price has been
transferred to  the Escrow Account.   2. I agree and undertake that as from
the date of this undertaking for  a period ending on the expiry of the Option
Exercise Period that I  will not, except pursuant to the Call Option and/or
the Tender Offer  referred to above, offer, sell, contract to sell, mortgage,
charge,  deposit, assign, issue options or warrants in respect of, grant
any  option to purchase or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly 
(whether conditionally or unconditionally), any Hydralift Shares (or  any
other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Hydralift  Shares or
which carry rights to subscribe or purchase Hydralift  Shares) or enter into
any transaction (including a derivative  transaction) having an effect on the
market in the Hydralift Shares  similar to that of a sale or publicly to
announce any intention to  do any of such things or deposit any Hydralift
Shares without the  prior written consent of NOI.   B. MISCELLANEOUS   3.
According to the Hydralift share option scheme (the "Scheme") I am  entitled
to subscribe for a number of shares in Hydralift in  relation to the options
granted under the Scheme (the "Option(s)"):   a. subject to subparagraph b
below, if I exercise any of the  Option(s), NOI may also elect to purchase
any such Hydralift  Shares on the terms and conditions    3    set out
in paragraph 1 above, however it being understood that  I am entitled to any
additional Option Premium (on such  election and alloment, those shares shall
be treated as Option  Shares for the purposes of this undertaking;)   b. if
permitted by the rules of the Scheme and if NOI requires, I  confirm that I
will release my Option(s) in consideration of  being granted rights which are
equivalent to the Option(s) but  which relate to ordinary shares in NOI
and/or   c. I confirm that I will release my Option(s) in consideration of 
any cash payment offered by NOI, calculated by reference to the  difference
between the Option Price per share and the  subscription price per share
under my Option(s);   6. I agree that a transfer restriction, right of
access to registered  information, and/or the rights pursuant to the Call
Option may, if  requested by NOI, be registered on the relevant VPS book-
entry  account (where the Option Shares are held on the same account with 
other book-entry securities, the Option Shares are transferred to a  separate
account on which such rights are to be registered) and that  such rights
shall be in place until the Option Shares have been  transferred to you or
that the Call Option has expired.   7. I represent and warrant that the
information in Schedule 1 is  correct, accurate and not misleading. Schedule
1 set forth complete  details of, in relation to my, at the date of this
undertaking  regarding:   (a) ownership of Hydralift Shares or any other
securities,  exchangeable for or convertible into, or substantially similar 
to, the Hydralift Shares);   (b) any contractual rights or obligation to,
directly or  indirectly, acquire or sell such securities as mentioned above 
in (a) or to effect any transactions (including derivative  transactions)
having an effect on the market in the Hydralift  Shares similar to that of
acquisitions or sales; and   4    (c) any other contractual rights
granted to third parties  (including, but not limited to, security interests)
in respect  of such securities mentioned above in (a).   8. I agree, to the
extent permitted by Norwegian law, to exercise all  voting rights attaching
to the Option Shares in such manner as to  enable the Tender Offer to be made
and become unconditional and to  oppose the taking of any action which might
result in any condition  of the Tender Offer not being satisfied.   9. The
Option Shares will be transferred to NOI free of all charges,  liens,
encumbrances and any other third party rights.   10. I agree not to make any
public announcement or communication in  connection with the Tender Offer, or
concerning Hydralift and its  subsidiary undertakings which is or may be
material in the context  of the Tender Offer, without your prior written
consent, save any  such public announcement or communication if and to the
extent that  it is required by any applicable law or stock exchange
requirement  and provided that prior to the making or dispatch thereof we
shall  consult with you as to the dispatch thereof and take into account 
all reasonable requirements on your part in relation thereto.   11. I accept
that this irrevocable undertaking and my identity may be  made public in
connection with the public announcement to be made by  NOI regarding the
Tender Offer and in particular that the details of  this letter may be set
out in the formal document containing the  Tender Offer. Such announcement
may be made as soon as this letter  is signed by me. I reserve the right to
make a public announcement  of this irrevocable undertaking in connection
with the public  announcement to be made by NOI regarding the Tender
Offer   12. In this letter, references to the Tender Offer and offer
period  shall include any prolonged offer/offer period and any revised
offer  made by NOI.   13. This irrevocable undertaking is governed by and
shall be construed  in accordance with Norwegian law, and the legal venue is
Oslo City  Court.   5   Yours sincerely    [NAME OF
SHAREHOLDER]   -----------------------------      SCHEDULE 1  
PARTICULARS OF SHAREHOLDINGS
ETC.    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ NAME
OF NUMBER VPS DETAILS OF ANY REGISTERED OF ACCOUNT THIRD PARTY
RIGHTS SHAREHOLDER SHARES NUMBER IN SUCH
SHARES ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
~~
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------      ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
DESCRIPTION OF OTHER RIGHTS RELATED TO THE
SHARES ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
~~
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------      '

