 EX2-1.TXT       Exhibit 2.1   AGREEMENT AND
PLAN OF MERGER    AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of November 18,
2003, among NCO Group, Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation (the "Parent"),
NCOG Acquisition Corporation, a Pennsylvania corporation and a wholly-
owned subsidiary of the Parent (the "Purchaser"), and RMH Teleservices, Inc.,
a Pennsylvania corporation (the "Company").   WHEREAS, the Boards of
Directors of the Parent, the Purchaser and the Company have approved the
merger of the Purchaser with and into the Company (the "Merger"), upon the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein;   WHEREAS, this
Agreement is intended to be and is adopted as a plan of reorganization within
the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the "Code"); and   WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution of this
Agreement, and as a condition and inducement to Parent\'s willingness to
enter into this Agreement each shareholder of the Company listed on Annex
IIA, is entering into a Voting Agreement in one of the forms attached hereto
as Annex II.   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
representations, warranties and agreements herein contained, the parties
hereto agree as follows:   ARTICLE I   THE MERGER   1.1. The Merger. (a)
Upon the terms and subject to the satisfaction or waiver, if permissible, of
the conditions set forth in Article VII hereof, and in accordance with the
provisions of this Agreement and the Business Corporation Law of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (the "BCL"), the parties hereto shall cause the
Purchaser to be merged with and into the Company, and the Company shall be
the surviving corporation (hereinafter sometimes called the
"Surviving Corporation") and shall continue its corporate existence under the
laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. At the Effective Time, the separate
existence of the Purchaser shall cease.   (b) The Surviving Corporation
shall retain the name of the Company and shall possess all the rights,
privileges, immunities, powers and franchises of the Purchaser and the
Company and shall by operation of law become liable for all the debts,
liabilities and duties of the Company and the Purchaser.   1.2. Articles of
Incorporation. Subject to Section 6.9(a) hereof, the Articles of
Incorporation of the Purchaser in effect immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall be the Articles of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation
until thereafter amended in accordance with provisions thereof and as
provided by law.     1    1.3. By-Laws. Subject to Section 6.9(a)
hereof, the By-Laws of the Purchaser in effect immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be the By-Laws of the Surviving Corporation until
thereafter amended, altered or repealed as provided therein and by law.  
1.4. Directors and Officers. The directors and officers of the Purchaser
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the directors and officers,
respectively, of the Surviving Corporation, each to hold office in accordance
with the Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws of the
Surviving Corporation.   1.5. Effective Time. The Merger shall become
effective at the time when a properly executed certificate of merger (the
"Certificate of Merger"), together with any other documents required by law
to effectuate the Merger, shall be filed and recorded with the Secretary of
State of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in accordance with the BCL. The
Certificate of Merger shall be filed in accordance with the BCL as soon as
practicable after the Closing. The date and time when the Merger shall become
effective is herein referred to as the "Effective Time."   ARTICLE II  
CONVERSION OF SHARES   2.1. Company Common Stock. (a) Each share (a "Share")
of common stock, no par value per share (the "Common Stock"), of the Company
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (except for
Shares then owned beneficially or of record by the Company, the Parent, the
Purchaser or any of the other Parent Subsidiaries or the Company
Subsidiaries), shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the
part of the holder thereof, be converted into the right to receive that
number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of the common stock, no par
value per share, of the Parent ("Parent Common Stock"), as determined by the
following formula (hereinafter the "Exchange Ratio"): $5.50 divided by the
Parent Common Stock Value (such fractional share, the "Merger
Consideration"). The Exchange Ratio shall be rounded to five decimal places.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if the Parent
Common Stock Value is between $27.00 and $31.91 inclusive, the Parent Common
Stock Value shall be deemed to be $27.00, and if the Parent Common Stock
Value is between $22.00 and $18.00 inclusive, the Parent Common Stock Value
shall be deemed to be $22.00. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein, if the Parent Common Stock Value is less than
$18.00, Parent may elect, at its sole option, to adjust the Exchange Ratio to
an amount equal to (i) $4.50 divided by the Parent Common Stock Value, or
(ii) remain at 0.25, and if the Parent Common Stock Value is more than
$31.91, the Exchange Ratio shall automatically adjust to an amount equal to
$6.50 divided by the Parent Common Stock Value.   (b) Each Share issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time which is then owned
beneficially or of record by the Company, the Parent, the Purchaser or any of
the other Parent Subsidiaries or the Company Subsidiaries, shall, by virtue
of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, be
canceled and retired and cease to exist, without any conversion
thereof.     2    (c) Each Share issued and held in the Company\'s
treasury immediately prior to the Effective Time shall, by virtue of the
Merger, be canceled and retired and cease to exist, without any conversion
thereof.   (d) At the Effective Time the holders of certificates
representing Shares shall cease to have any rights as shareholders of the
Company, except for the right to receive the Merger Consideration and for
such rights, if any, as they may have pursuant to the BCL.   2.2.
Fractional Interests. No certificates or scrip representing fractional shares
of Parent Common Stock shall be issued in connection with the Merger, and
such fractional interests will not entitle the owner thereof to any rights as
a shareholder of the Parent. In lieu of a fractional interest in a share of
Parent Common Stock, each holder of Shares exchanged pursuant to Section 2.1
who would otherwise have been entitled to receive a fraction of a share of
Parent Common Stock shall receive cash (without interest) in an amount equal
to the product of such fractional interest multiplied by the Parent
Common Stock Value.   2.3. Anti-Dilution Provisions. The Exchange Ratio
shall be adjusted appropriately to reflect any stock dividends, splits,
recapitalizations or other similar transactions with respect to the Shares
and the shares of Parent Common Stock where the record date occurs prior to
the Effective Time; provided that the Exchange Ratio shall not be adjusted as
a result of Parent Common Stock issued in connection with the acquisition of
NCO Portfolio Management, Inc. or any other acquisition.   2.4. Purchaser
Common Stock. Each share of common stock, no par value per share ("Purchaser
Common Stock"), of the Purchaser issued and outstanding immediately prior to
the Effective Time shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on
the part of the holder thereof, be converted into and exchangeable for one
fully paid and non-assessable share of common stock, no par value per share
("Surviving Corporation Common Stock"), of the Surviving Corporation. From
and after the Effective Time, each outstanding certificate theretofore
representing shares of Purchaser Common Stock shall be deemed for all
purposes to evidence ownership of and to represent the same number of
shares of Surviving Corporation Common Stock.   2.5. Exchange of Shares.
(a) Prior to the Effective Time, the Parent shall deposit in trust with an
exchange agent designated by the Purchaser and reasonably satisfactory to the
Company (the "Exchange Agent"), shares of Parent Common Stock in an amount
sufficient to pay the Merger Consideration payable pursuant to Section 2.1(a)
plus sufficient cash to make the payments required under Section 2.2 (such
amount being hereinafter referred to as the "Exchange Fund"). The Exchange
Agent shall, pursuant to irrevocable instructions, issue the shares of Parent
Common Stock out of the stock portion of the Exchange Fund and make the
payments provided for in Section 2.2 of this Agreement out of the cash
portion of the Exchange Fund. The Exchange Agent shall invest the
cash portion of the Exchange Fund as the Parent directs, in direct
obligations of the United States of America, obligations for which the full
faith and credit of the United States of America is pledged to provide for
the payment of all principal and interest, commercial paper obligations
receiving the highest rating from either Moody\'s Investors Services, Inc. or
Standard and Poor\'s Corporation, or certificates of deposit, bank repurchase
agreements or banker\'s acceptances of commercial banks with capital
exceeding $5,000,000,000. The Exchange Fund shall not be used for any other
purpose except as provided in this Agreement.     3    (b) Promptly
after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall cause the Exchange
Agent to mail to each record holder (other than the Company, the Parent, the
Purchaser or any of the other Parent Subsidiaries or the
Company Subsidiaries) as of the Effective Time of an outstanding certificate
or certificates which immediately prior to the Effective Time represented
Shares (the "Certificates") a form letter of transmittal (which shall specify
that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the
Certificates shall pass, only upon proper delivery of the Certificates to the
Exchange Agent) and instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the
Certificates for payment therefor. Upon surrender to the Exchange Agent of a
Certificate, together with such letter of transmittal duly executed, the
holder of such Certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor
the number of shares of Parent Common Stock equal to the product of the
number of Shares represented by such Certificate and the Exchange Ratio plus
cash in lieu of fractional shares, less any applicable withholding tax, and
such Certificate shall forthwith be canceled. No interest shall be paid or
accrued on the shares of Parent Common Stock or the cash payable upon the
surrender of the Certificates. If payment is to be made to a Person other
than the Person in whose name the Certificate surrendered is registered, it
shall be a condition of payment that the Certificate so surrendered shall be
properly endorsed or otherwise in proper form for transfer and that the
Person requesting such payment shall pay any transfer or other taxes required
by reason of the payment to a Person other than the registered holder of the
Certificate surrendered or establish to the satisfaction of the Exchange
Agent and the Surviving Corporation that such tax has been paid or is not
applicable. Until surrendered in accordance with the provisions of this
Section 2.5, each Certificate (other than Certificates representing Shares
owned beneficially or of record by the Company, the Parent, the Purchaser or
any of the other Parent Subsidiaries or Company Subsidiaries) shall represent
for all purposes the right to receive the number of shares of Parent Common
Stock equal to the product of the number of Shares evidenced by such
Certificate and the Exchange Ratio plus cash in lieu of fractional
shares, without any interest thereon.   (c) If any Certificate is lost,
stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the
person claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if
required by the Exchange Agent, the Surviving Corporation or the Parent, the
posting by such person of a bond in such reasonable amount as such entity may
direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against it with
respect to such Certificate, the Exchange Agent shall issue, in exchange for
such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate, the applicable portion of the
Merger Consideration pursuant to this Agreement.   (d) After the Effective
Time there shall be no transfers on the stock transfer books of the Surviving
Corporation of the Shares which were outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time. If, after the Effective Time, Certificates are presented to
the Surviving Corporation, they shall be canceled and exchanged for the
applicable portion of the Merger Consideration pursuant to this
Agreement.     4    (e) Any portion of the Exchange Fund which remains
unclaimed by the shareholders of the Company for one year after the Effective
Time (including any interest received with respect thereto) shall be repaid
to the Surviving Corporation, upon demand. Any shareholders of the Company
who have not theretofore complied with Section 2.5(b) and/or 2.5(c) shall
thereafter look only to the Surviving Corporation (subject to abandoned
property, escheat or other similar laws) for payment of their proportionate
claim for the Merger Consideration plus cash in lieu of fractional shares,
without any interest thereon, but shall have no greater rights against the
Surviving Corporation than may be accorded to general creditors of the
Surviving Corporation under Pennsylvania law.   2.6. Employee Stock
Options. The Company\'s Stock Option Plan (the "Company Option Plan") and all
options to acquire Shares granted pursuant to the Company Option Plan that
are issued and outstanding immediately before the Effective Time
(collectively, the "Options"), shall be assumed by the Parent on the
Effective Time and shall continue in effect, as an option plan of Parent
and as options issued by Parent, respectively, in accordance with the terms
and conditions by which they are governed immediately before the Effective
Time (and each Option that prior to the Effective Time is, or as a result of
the Merger becomes, fully vested and exercisable as a result of the Merger
shall continue as a fully vested and exercisable option of Parent), subject
to the adjustments set forth in the next sentence. On the Effective Time,
each Option shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part
of the holder thereof, be automatically adjusted to provide that (a) the
number and type of shares issuable upon exercise of such Option shall be that
number of shares of Parent Common Stock (rounded off to the nearest whole
number of shares) equal to the number of Shares issuable upon exercise of
such Option immediately before the Effective Time, multiplied by the Exchange
Ratio, and (b) the exercise price per share of Parent Common Stock under such
Option shall be that amount (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) equal to
the exercise price per Share under such Option immediately before the
Effective Time, divided by the Exchange Ratio. As soon as practicable (but in
no event later than thirty days) after the Effective Time, Parent shall
deliver to the holders of Company Options appropriate notices setting forth
such holders\' rights pursuant to the Company Option Plan and that the
agreements evidencing the grants of such Options shall continue in effect
on the same terms and conditions (subject to the adjustments required by
this Section 2.6 after giving effect to the Merger). At or before the
Effective Time, Parent shall take all corporate action necessary to reserve
for issuance a sufficient number of shares of Parent Common Stock for
delivery upon exercise of Company Options assumed in accordance with this
Section 2.6. Within thirty business days after the Effective Time, Parent
shall file a registration statement on Form S-8 (or any successor or other
appropriate forms) with respect to the shares of Parent Common Stock subject
to any Company Options held by all persons with respect to whom registration
on Form S-8 is available and shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to
maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement or registration
statements (and maintain the current status of the prospectus or prospectuses
contained therein) for so long as such Options remain outstanding.   2.7.
Warrants. All Warrants to acquire Shares that are issued and outstanding
immediately before the Effective Time, shall be assumed by the Parent on the
Effective Time and shall continue in effect, as warrants of Parent and as
warrants issued by Parent, respectively, in accordance with the terms
and conditions by which they are governed immediately before the Effective
Time (and each Warrant that becomes fully vested and exercisable as a result
of the Merger   5   shall continue as a fully vested and exercisable
warrant of Parent), subject to the adjustments set forth in the next
sentence. On the Effective Time, each Warrant shall, by virtue of the Merger
and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, be automatically
adjusted to provide that (a) the number and type of shares issuable upon
exercise of such Warrant shall be that number of shares of Parent Common
Stock (rounded off to the nearest whole number of shares) equal to the number
of Shares issuable upon exercise of such Warrant immediately before the
Effective Time, multiplied by the Exchange Ratio, and (b) the exercise price
per share of Parent Common Stock under such Warrant shall be that amount
(rounded up to the nearest whole cent) equal to the exercise price per Share
under such Warrant immediately before the Effective Time, divided by the
Exchange Ratio.   ARTICLE III   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE
COMPANY   Except as set forth in the disclosure letter delivered by the
Company to the Parent prior to the date hereof (the "Company Disclosure
Letter") and except as set forth in the Company SEC Filings, the Company
represents and warrants to the Parent and the Purchaser as follows:   3.1.
Organization. The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Each
of the Company Subsidiaries which is a corporation is duly organized, and
each of the Company Subsidiaries which is a limited partnership is duly
formed, and each of the Company Subsidiaries is validly existing and in good
standing, in each case under the laws of the jurisdiction of
its incorporation or formation, as the case may be. Each of the Company and
the Company Subsidiaries has all requisite power and authority to own, lease
and operate its properties and to conduct its business as now being
conducted. Except as set forth in Section 3.1 of the Company Disclosure
Letter each of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries is duly qualified or
licensed and in good standing to do business in each jurisdiction in which
the property owned, leased or operated by it or the nature of the business
conducted by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure
to be so qualified or licensed and in good standing would not have a Company
Material Adverse Effect (as defined in Annex I). Each of the Company
Subsidiaries is listed in Section 3.1 of the Company Disclosure Letter, and
except as and to the extent set forth therein, the Company owns beneficially
and of record directly or indirectly all of the issued and outstanding
capital stock or limited partnership interests, as the case may be, of each
of the Company Subsidiaries, free and clear of any liens, claims, charges,
mortgages or other encumbrances (collectively, "Liens"). Except as set forth
in Section 3.1 of the Company Disclosure Letter, neither the Company nor any
of the Company Subsidiaries owns, controls or holds with the power to vote,
directly or indirectly, of record, beneficially or otherwise, any capital
stock or any equity or ownership interest in any Person. The Company
has heretofore delivered to the Parent accurate and complete copies of the
Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws of the Company and each of the
Company Subsidiaries, as currently in effect.   3.2. Capitalization. (a)
The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (a) 20,000,000 shares
of Common Stock of which, as of the date hereof, there are 16,011,830 shares
issued and outstanding approximately 1,271,576 shares reserved for issuance
in connection with the exercise of outstanding options (inclusive of 80,500
options to be issued as set forth in Section 5.1(f) of the Company Disclosure
Letter) under the Company Option Plan, and no shares held in the Company\'s
treasury, and (b) 5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value $1.00 per
share ("Company Preferred Stock"), of which as of the date hereof, none were
issued or outstanding. No other capital stock or other security of the
Company is authorized, issued or outstanding. All issued and outstanding
Shares and capital stock of the Company Subsidiaries are duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Except for   
6   outstanding options to acquire not more than 1,191,076 shares issued
pursuant to the Company Option Plan and except for the Warrants as set forth
in Section 3.2 of the Company Disclosure Letter, there are not now, and at
the Effective Time there will not be, any securities, options, warrants,
calls, subscriptions, preemptive rights, earn-outs or other rights or other
agreements or commitments whatsoever obligating the Company or any of the
Company Subsidiaries to issue, transfer, deliver or sell or cause to be
issued, transferred, delivered or sold any additional shares of capital stock
or other securities of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries, or
obligating the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries to grant, extend or
enter into any such agreement or commitment. There are no outstanding
contractual obligations of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries to
repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of capital stock of the
Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries. There are no outstanding
contractual obligations of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries to
vote or to dispose of any shares of the capital stock of any of the Company
Subsidiaries.   (b) All issuances and grants of all outstanding Warrants and
Options, and all offerings, sales and issuances by the Company and each of
the Company Subsidiaries of any shares of capital stock, including the
Shares, were conducted in compliance with all applicable laws and all
requirements set forth in all applicable agreements or plans, except where
the failure to comply with such applicable laws, agreements or plans would
not have a Company Material Adverse Effect.   (c) There is no shareholder
rights plan (or similar plan commonly referred to as a "poison pill") or
similar existing agreement or plan under which the Company or any of the
Company Subsidiaries is or may become obligated to sell or otherwise issue
any shares of its capital stock or any other securities.   3.3.
Authorization of this Agreement. The Company has all requisite corporate
power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and, subject to
approval by the shareholders of the Company, to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery of
this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
have been duly and validly authorized and approved by the Company\'s Board of
Directors, the Board of Directors has declared the advisability of this
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby, and, except for the adoption of this Agreement by the shareholders
of the Company, no other corporate proceedings on the part of the Company are
necessary to authorize this Agreement or consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and
delivered by the Company, and this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding
agreement of the Company, except as such enforceability may be limited by
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar
laws of general application relating to or affecting the rights and remedies
of creditors, and the application of general principles of equity (regardless
of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at
law). Assuming that none of the Parent, the Purchaser or any affiliate or
associate of the Parent or Purchaser is an Interested Shareholder (as defined
by Section 25F of the BCL) at the time of execution of this Agreement or the
Voting Agreements, this Agreement, the Merger and the Voting Agreements have
been approved by the Board of Directors of the Company so that Section 25F of
the BCL will not apply to this Agreement, the Merger, the Voting Agreements
or the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.     7    3.4.
Consents and Approvals; No Violation. Except for (i) filings required under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), the Securities
and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), (ii) the filing of
a Pre-Merger Notification and Report Form by the Company under the Hart-
Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 (the "HSR Act"),
and/or similar filings or notices under similar laws in Canada, if
applicable, (iii) the filing and recordation of appropriate merger documents
as required by the BCL and, if applicable, the laws of other states in which
the Company is qualified to do business, and (iv) filings under securities or
blue sky laws or takeover statutes of the various states, no filing with, and
no permit, authorization, consent or approval of, any public body or
authority is necessary for the consummation by the Company of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the failure to make or obtain
which is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the ability
of the Company to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby or on the
business or financial condition of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries
taken as a whole. Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby nor compliance by
the Company with any of the provisions hereof will (i) conflict with or
result in any violation of any provision of the Articles of Incorporation or
By-Laws of the Company, (ii) result in a violation or breach of, or
constitute a default or give rise to any right of termination, cancellation,
loss of material benefits or acceleration or give to any Person any interest
in or result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets
of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries, with or without notice or
lapse of time, or both, under the Articles of Incorporation or By-Laws of the
Company or any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, license, benefit
plan, agreement or other instrument or obligation to which the Company or any
of the Company Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them or any of
their properties or assets is bound or (iii) assuming the truth of the
representations and warranties of the Parent and the Purchaser contained
herein and their compliance with all agreements contained herein and assuming
the due making or obtaining of all filings, permits, authorizations, consents
and approvals referred to in the preceding sentence, violate any statute,
rule, regulation, order, injunction, writ or decree of any public body or
authority by which the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries or any of
their respective assets or properties is bound, excluding from the foregoing
clauses (ii) and (iii) mortgages, leases and other agreements listed on
Section 3.4 of the Company Disclosure Letter, and other conflicts,
violations, breaches, defaults or rights which, either individually or in the
aggregate, are not reasonably likely to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect.   3.5. Financial Statements and Reports. (a) Since September 30,
2001, the Company has timely filed all forms, reports and documents with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") required to be filed by
it pursuant to the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, all of which have
complied in all material respects with all applicable requirements of the
Securities Act and the Exchange Act. None of such Company SEC Filings, at the
time filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to
make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading.     8    (b) The consolidated balance
sheets and the related consolidated statements of income, cash flow and
changes in shareholder equity of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries
contained in the Company\'s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters
ended December 31, 2002, March 31, 2003 and June 30, 2003 and the Company\'s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2002
(collectively, the "2003 Financial Statements"), and to be contained
in Company SEC filings filed after the date hereof (collectively with the
2003 Financial Statements, the "Financial Statements"), when filed (i)
complied or will comply in all material respects as to form with the
published rules and regulations of the SEC and (ii) presented or will present
fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries as of such date, and the consolidated
results of their operations and their cash flows for the periods presented
therein, in conformity with GAAP, except as otherwise noted therein, and
subject in the case of quarterly financial statements to normal year-end
audit adjustments and except that the quarterly financial statements do not
or will not contain all of the footnote disclosures required by GAAP.   (c)
The books and records of the Company and its Subsidiaries have been prepared
and maintained in form and substance adequate in all material respects for
preparing the Company\'s financial statements in accordance with GAAP.  
3.6. Absence of Material Adverse Change. Since September 30, 2002, except as
reflected in the Company\'s 2003 Financial Statements or on Section 3.6 of
the Company Disclosure Letter, (i) there has not been any Company
Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company and the Company Subsidiaries have
conducted their businesses in the ordinary course of business and in a manner
consistent with past practice in all material respects, and (iii) neither the
Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries has taken any of the actions or
done any of the things described in clauses (a) through (m) of Section
5.1.   3.7. Information in Proxy Statement/Prospectus, Registration
Statement and HSR Filings. The Proxy Statement/Prospectus (or any amendment
thereof or supplement thereto), at the date mailed to Company shareholders
and at the time of the Company Shareholders Meeting, will not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not
misleading, except that no representation is made by the Company with respect
to statements made therein based on information supplied by Parent or
Purchaser for inclusion in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus. None of the
information supplied by the Company for inclusion or incorporation by
reference in the S-4 Registration Statement will, at the date it becomes
effective and at the time of the Company Shareholders Meeting, contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made,
not misleading. The Proxy Statement/Prospectus will comply in all material
respects with the provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and
the rules and regulations thereunder. To the knowledge of the Company, none
of the information supplied or to be supplied by or on behalf of the Company
or any of the Company Subsidiaries for inclusion or incorporation by
reference in the filing or filings required under the HSR Act, at the date
filed, will contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are
made, not misleading. No representation is made hereby with respect to
statements made in such filing or filings based on information supplied by
Parent for inclusion therein.     9    3.8. Undisclosed Liabilities.
Except for liabilities or obligations reflected or reserved against in the
2003 Financial Statements, incurred in the ordinary course of business after
September 30, 2002, or set forth in Section 3.8 of the Company Disclosure
Letter, none of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries has any (i)
liabilities or obligations (whether absolute, accrued, contingent or
otherwise) which are required by GAAP to be so reflected or reserved against
or (ii) liabilities or obligations (whether contingent or otherwise) which
are not disclosed in the 2003 Financial Statements the failure of which to
disclose to Parent could have a Company Material Adverse Effect. No other
liabilities are required to be recorded by GAAP.   3.9. Taxes. Except as set
forth in Section 3.9 of the Company Disclosure Letter: (i) the Company and
the Company Subsidiaries have filed with the appropriate governmental
agencies all material Tax Returns required to be filed, taking into account
any extension of time to file granted to or obtained on behalf of the Company
and the Company Subsidiaries; (ii) all material Taxes of the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries required to be paid have been paid to the proper
authorities, other than such Taxes that are being contested in good faith by
appropriate proceedings and that are adequately reserved for in accordance
with GAAP; (iii) no deficiency has been asserted or assessed against the
Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries, and no examination of the Company
or any of the Company Subsidiaries is pending or, to the knowledge of the
Company, is threatened for any material amount of Tax by any
taxing authority; (iv) no extension of the period for assessment or
collection of any material Tax is currently in effect and none has been
requested; (v) no material Tax Liens have been filed with respect to any
Taxes except Liens which are disclosed in the balance sheet contained in the
2003 Financial Statements, Liens for Taxes not yet due and payable and Liens
for Taxes that are being contested in good faith; (vi) since January 1, 2000,
the Company and each of the Company Subsidiaries have not made any voluntary
adjustments by reason of a change in their accounting methods for any taxable
period on or before the Effective Time; and (vii) the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries are not parties to any Tax sharing or Tax allocation agreement.
Except as set forth in Section 3.9 of the Company Disclosure Letter, neither
the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries has made any material
payments, is obligated to make any material payments, or is a party to any
agreement that under certain circumstances could obligate it to make any
material payments that will not be deductible under Code ss. 280G. Neither
the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries has any liability for the
Taxes of any Person (other than any of the Company or any of the Company
Subsidiaries) under Reg. ss.1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state,
local, or foreign law), as a transferee or successor, by contract,
or otherwise. For purposes of this Agreement, "Tax" or "Taxes" shall mean
all United States federal, state or local or foreign taxes and any other
applicable taxes, duties, levies, charges and assessments of any nature,
including social security payments and deductibles relating to wages,
salaries and benefits and payments to subcontractors (to the extent required
under applicable tax law), and also including all interest, penalties and
additions imposed with respect to such amounts; and "Tax Return" shall mean
any report, return, document, declaration or other information or filing
required to be supplied to any taxing authority or jurisdiction (foreign or
domestic) with respect to Taxes.     10    3.10. Litigation. Except as
set forth in Section 3.10 of the Company Disclosure Letter and except for
such matters as are not reasonably likely to result in a Company Material
Adverse Effect, there are no (i) actions, suits or proceedings or
investigations pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, or
(ii) outstanding awards, judgments, orders, writs, injunctions or decrees,
or, to the knowledge of the Company, applications, requests or
motions therefor, against or affecting the assets, business, operations or
financial condition of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries at law or in
equity in any court or any federal, state, municipal or other governmental
department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality.   3.11.
Compliance with Laws. Except as set forth in Section 3.11 of the Company
Disclosure Letter, there are no violations or defaults by the Company or any
of the Company Subsidiaries under any statute, law, ordinance,
rule, regulation, judgment, order, decree, permit, concession, grant,
franchise, license or other governmental authorization or approval applicable
to them or any of their properties or their operations which are reasonably
likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.   3.12. Real and Personal
Property; Assets. (a) Section 3.12 of the Company Disclosure Letter lists all
material items of real property either owned by the Company or the Company
Subsidiaries (the "Company Owned Real Property") or leased by the Company or
the Company Subsidiaries (the "Company Leased Real Property"). Except as set
forth in Section 3.12 of the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries have good and marketable title to the Company Owned Real
Property listed on Section 3.12 of the Company Disclosure Letter and valid
leasehold interests in the Company Leased Real Property listed on Section
3.12 of the Company Disclosure Letter, in each case, free and clear of all
Liens, except as set forth on Section 3.12 of the Company Disclosure Letter
and except for (i) Liens for taxes and other governmental charges and
assessments which are not yet due and payable or which are being contested in
good faith by appropriate proceedings, (ii) Liens of carriers, warehousemen,
mechanics and materialmen and other like Liens arising in the ordinary course
of business, (iii) easements, rights of way, title imperfections and
restrictions, zoning ordinances and other similar encumbrances affecting
the real property which do not have a material adverse effect on the use of
the properties or assets subject thereto or affected thereby, (iv) statutory
Liens in favor of lessors arising in connection with any property leased to
the Company or the Company Subsidiaries, excluding Liens arising from any
default or breach by the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries, (v)
Liens reflected in the Financial Statements and (vi) any other Liens which
are not material ("Permitted Company Liens").     11    (b) Each lease
(including any option to purchase contained therein) pursuant to which the
Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries leases any Company Leased Real
Property listed on Section 3.12 of the Company Disclosure Letter or personal
or intangible property (the "Company Leases") is in full force and effect
and, to the knowledge of the Company, is enforceable against the landlord or
lessor which is party thereto in accordance with its terms. To the Company\'s
knowledge, there exists no material default (or any event with notice or
lapse of time or both would become a material default) on the part of the
Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries under any Company Leases.
The Company has delivered to the Parent and the Purchaser complete and
correct copies of all material Company Leases including all amendments
thereto. Except as set forth in Section 3.12 of the Company Disclosure
Letter, neither the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries has received
any notice of any default under any material Company Lease nor any other
termination notice with respect thereto.   (c) Except as set forth in
Section 3.12 of the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries have legal and beneficial ownership of all of their respective
material tangible personal property and assets reflected in the balance sheet
forming part of the Financial Statements, except for properties and assets
disposed of in the ordinary course of business since the date of such balance
sheet, in each case, free and clear of all Liens, except as set forth on
Section 3.12 of the Company Disclosure Letter and except for Permitted
Company Liens.   (d) The Company and the Company Subsidiaries have all of
the assets which are necessary and material to the operation of their
respective businesses consistent with past practices. The material assets of
the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, wherever located, are generally in
operating condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, other than assets that
are no longer used in the conduct of their businesses.   3.13. Employment
Agreements and Benefits, etc. (a) Section 3.13 of the Company Disclosure
Letter lists each employee benefit plan, program, policy or form of contract
of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries, or to which there is an
obligation to contribute by the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries,
other than any such plans, programs, policies, contracts or obligations,
that, in the aggregate, are not material to the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries taken as a whole. Section 3.13 of the Company Disclosure Letter
sets forth, as of the date hereof, the number of options issued
and outstanding under the Company Option Plan, the vesting and exercisability
of which, pursuant to the terms of such plan, would be accelerated by reason
of or in connection with the execution of or consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (b) ERISA. All Employee
Benefit Plans subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974,
as amended ("ERISA") and/or the Code, previously or currently maintained or
contributed to, or to which there is an obligation to contribute, by the
Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries comply in all respects with the
requirements of ERISA and the Code, as applicable, and are, and have been
operated in full compliance with their provisions and with all applicable
laws, except for any failures to comply which would not have a Company
Material Adverse Effect. True and correct copies and descriptions of all of
Company\'s Employee Benefit Plans, all employees affected or covered by
Company\'s Employee Benefit Plans and all liabilities and obligations
thereunder have been provided to Parent and will be updated on the Closing
Date. No employee benefit plan (other than a multiemployer plan as defined in
section 3(37) of ERISA) to which the Company or any member of the same
controlled group of corporations as the Company within the meaning of section
4001 of ERISA contributes or has an obligation to contribute and which is
subject to Part 3 of Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA has incurred
any "accumulated funding deficiency" within the meaning of section 302 of
ERISA or section 412 of the Code and no material liability (other than for
annual premiums) to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation has been
incurred by the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries with respect to
any such plan. None of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries has
incurred any material liability for any tax or penalty imposed by section
4975 of the Code or section 502(i) of ERISA. None of the Company or any of
the Company Subsidiaries currently contributes to, has contributed to, or
withdrawn at any time within the preceding six years from any multiemployer
plan, as defined in section 3(37)    12   of ERISA. There are no
material pending or, to the Company\'s knowledge, threatened claims by or on
behalf of any of the Employee Benefit Plans or by any employee or otherwise
involving any such Company Plan (other than routine claims for benefits).
Favorable letters of determination of the Company\'s Employee Benefit Plans\'
tax-qualified status under the Code from the IRS have been provided to
Parent. Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will (i) result in
any payment (including, without limitation, severance, unemployment
compensation, golden parachute or otherwise) becoming due from Company or any
of its subsidiaries under any of Company\'s Employee Benefit Plans, (ii)
increase any benefits otherwise payable under any of Company\'s Employee
Benefit Plans, or (iii) result in the acceleration of the time of payment or
vesting of any such benefits to any extent. There are no investigations or
audits of any of Company\'s Employee Benefit Plans, any trusts under such
plans, the plan sponsor, the plan administrator or any fiduciary of any of
Company\'s Employee Benefit Plans which have been threatened or instituted
nor does Company or any of its subsidiaries have knowledge of facts which
could form the basis for any such investigation or audit.   3.14. Opinion
of Financial Advisor. The Board of Directors of the Company has received an
opinion of Broadview International LLC, dated as of the date hereof, that the
Exchange Ratio is fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of the
Shares.   3.15. Finders and Brokers. Except for Broadview International
LLC, whose fees are set forth in the engagement letters attached to Section
3.15 of the Company Disclosure Letter, no agent, investment banker, broker,
finder, intermediary or other Person acting on behalf of the Company or any
of the Company Subsidiaries, is or shall be entitled to any brokerage, or
finder\'s or other similar fee or commission in connection with the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Company has
made available to Parent a copy of all commitments, agreements or other
documentation in respect of which fees, commissions or other amounts may
become payable to, and all indemnification and other contracts related to the
engagement of, Broadview International LLC.   3.16. Certain Contracts and
Arrangements. Neither the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries is a
party to or bound by any, is bound by, owns properties subject to, or
receives benefits under: (a) any agreement, arrangement or contract not made
in the ordinary course of business that (x) has been or would currently be
required to be filed as an exhibit to any Company SEC Filing under the
Exchange Act or (y) is or may reasonably be expected to be material to the
financial condition, business or results of operations of the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (b) any agreement, indenture or other
contract relating to the borrowing of money by the Company or any of the
Company Subsidiaries or the guarantee by the Company or any of the Company
Subsidiaries of any such obligation in each case, in an amount in excess of
$50,000 currently outstanding or guaranteed or relating to future
amounts which could reasonably be expected to exceed $50,000 (other than
agreements and instruments relating to transactions between the Company and
any of the Company Subsidiaries or between the Company Subsidiaries); (c) any
agreement, arrangement or commitment (with respect to which there exist
pending or future obligations) relating to the employment, election or
retention of any present or    13   former director, officer or any key
employee with a base salary in excess of $100,000 of the Company or any of
the Company Subsidiaries or providing for severance, termination or similar
payments (other than amounts required by applicable law) to any such persons;
and (d) any agreement containing covenants that limit, in any respect
material to the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, the ability of the
Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries to compete in any line of business
or with any person, or that involve any restriction on the geographic area in
which, or method by which, the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries may
carry on its business, other than standard agency or distribution agreements
that provide for exclusive geographic territories. Set forth in Section 3.16
of the Company Disclosure Letter is a list of the employees that have a title
of General Manager or above that have signed a non-compete for the benefit of
the Company. Copies of such agreements have been provided to Parent. Except
as set forth in Section 3.16 of the Company Disclosure Letter, neither the
Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the
Company, any other party thereto, is in violation of or default under any
note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, license, lease, agreement or
other instrument or obligation to which the Company or any of the Company
Subsidiaries is a party or to which the Company or any of the Company
Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties, assets or business may be
subject, except for such violations or defaults which would not, individually
or in the aggregate, have had or would reasonably be expected to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth in Section 3.16 of the
Company Disclosure Letter, neither the Company nor any of the
Company Subsidiaries has given or received written notice of a material
default or notice of termination with respect to any contract listed in
Section 3.16 of the Company Disclosure Letter or any contract which is an
exhibit to any Company SEC Filing.   3.17. Employee Relations. Except as
set forth in Section 3.17 of the Company Disclosure Letter, neither the
Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries is a party to or bound by any
union or collective bargaining contract, nor is any such contract currently
being negotiated by or on behalf of Company or any of the Company
Subsidiaries. There are no pending, nor, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened walkouts, strikes, union organizing efforts or labor disturbances
or any pending arbitration, unfair labor practice, grievance, or other
proceeding of any kind with respect to the Company\'s or any of the Company
Subsidiaries\' employees. Upon termination of the employment of any of its
employees, neither the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries will by
reason of any action taken or agreement, contract, arrangement or plan be
liable to any of its employees for severance pay or any other
payments, except as set forth in Section 3.17 of the Company Disclosure
Letter and except as provided by applicable law. Since September 30, 2001,
Company and the Company Subsidiaries have not had an "employment loss" within
the meaning of the Workers\' Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act
("WARN Act") or similar foreign law, and the respective regulations
thereunder.   3.18. Intellectual Property; Software. (a) Except as,
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be likely to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect, and except as set forth in Section 3.18 of
the Company Disclosure Letter, the conduct of the business of the Company and
the Company Subsidiaries does not, to the knowledge of the Company, infringe
upon any Intellectual Property (as defined below) right of any Person; and
except as set forth in Section 3.18 of the Company Disclosure Letter and
except for such matters as are not reasonably likely to result in liability
to the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries in excess of $20,000
individually or in the aggregate for all related claims, there are no pending
or, to the knowledge of Company, threatened proceedings or litigation by any
person against the use by    14   the Company or the Company
Subsidiaries of any name, corporate name, fictitious name, software,
trademarks, trade names, service marks, service names, logos, assumed names,
copyrights, trade secrets, patents and all registrations, and applications
therefor, and all good will with respect to the foregoing, which are owned by
the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries or used in the operation of
the Company\'s or any of the Company Subsidiaries\' business as currently
conducted (collectively, the "Intellectual Property").   (b) Except as set
forth in Section 3.18 of the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company owns or
has valid licenses (including sufficient numbers of licenses) or other rights
to use the Intellectual Property which are necessary to permit the Company to
conduct its operations as currently conducted and which are material to its
operations.   3.19. Environmental Matters. To the knowledge of the Company,
the Company and the Company Subsidiaries are in compliance with all
applicable health, safety and environmental laws, except to the extent that
non-compliance is not reasonably likely to result in a Company Material
Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, except as set forth in
Section 3.19 of the Company Disclosure Letter, there is no matter which is
reasonably likely to expose the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries to
a material liability pursuant to environmental laws to clean-up or remedy any
release of hazardous substances at any of the real property of the Company
and the Company Subsidiaries.   3.20. Related Party and Affiliate
Transactions. Except as set forth in Section 3.20 of the Company Disclosure
Letter or in the Company SEC Filings, no event has occurred that would be
required to be reported by Company pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K
promulgated by the SEC. Section 3.20 of the Company Disclosure Letter
identifies each person who is an "affiliate" (as that term is used in Rule
145 under the Securities Act) of Company as of the date of
this Agreement.   3.21. Insurance. The Company and the Company Subsidiaries
are covered by valid and currently effective insurance policies issued in
favor of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries that are customary for
companies of similar size and financial condition. All such policies are in
full force and effect, all premiums due thereon have been paid and the
Company has complied in all material respects with the provisions of such
policies. The Company has not been advised in writing within the year prior
to the date of this Agreement of any defense to coverage in connection with
any pending claim to coverage asserted or noticed by the Company under or in
connection with any of its existing insurance policies, other than customary
reservations of right. The Company has not within the twelve months prior to
the date of this Agreement received any written notice from or on behalf of
any insurance carrier issuing policies or binders relating to or covering the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries that there will be a cancellation or
non-renewal of existing policies or binders.     15    3.22.
Questionable Payments. To the knowledge of the Company, within the last year
no current or former director, executive, officer, representative, agent or
employee of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries (when acting in
such capacity or otherwise on behalf of the Company or any of the
Company Subsidiaries or any of their predecessors) (a) has made any bribe,
rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment of any
nature using corporate funds or otherwise on behalf of the Company or any of
the Company Subsidiaries; or (b) made any material gift that is not
deductible for federal income tax purposes using corporate funds or otherwise
on behalf of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries.   3.23.
Disclosure. No representation or warranty by the Company in this Agreement
(including the Company Disclosure Letter) contains or will contain any untrue
statement of a fact or omits or will omit to state any fact necessary,
in light of the circumstances under which it was made, to make the
statements herein or therein, taken as a whole, not misleading in any
material respect. There is no fact known to the Company which would
reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect which has
not been set forth in the Company SEC Filings or in this Agreement (including
the Company Disclosure Letter).   ARTICLE IV   REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES  OF THE PARENT AND THE PURCHASER   Except as set forth in the
disclosure letter delivered by Parent and Purchaser to the Company prior to
the date hereof ("Parent Disclosure Letter") and except as set forth in the
Parent SEC Filings, the Parent and the Purchaser jointly and severally
represent and warrant to the Company as follows:   4.1. Organization. The
Parent is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The Purchaser and each of
the other Parent Subsidiaries is a corporation, duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
incorporation. Each of the Parent, the Purchaser and the other Parent
Subsidiaries has all requisite power and authority to own, lease and operate
its properties and to conduct its business as now being conducted. Each of
the Parent, the Purchaser and the other Parent Subsidiaries is duly qualified
or licensed and in good standing to do business in each jurisdiction in which
the property owned, leased or operated by it or the nature of the business
conducted by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure
to be so qualified or licensed and in good standing would not have a Parent
Material Adverse Effect. Except as and to the extent set forth in the Parent
Disclosure Letter delivered by the Parent and the Purchaser to the Company
prior to the execution of this Agreement or in the Parent SEC Filings, the
Parent owns beneficially and of record directly or indirectly all of
the issued and outstanding capital stock of each of the Parent Subsidiaries,
free and clear of any Liens.   4.2. Capitalization. The authorized capital
stock of the Parent consists of (a) 50,000,000 shares of Parent Common Stock
of which, as of September 30, 2003, there are 25,973,850 shares issued and
outstanding, approximately 8,113,000 shares reserved for issuance in
connection with the exercise of outstanding options under Parent\'s stock
option plans, outstanding warrants and outstanding convertible notes, and no
shares held in the Parent\'s treasury, and (b) 5,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, of which as of the date hereof, no shares were issued or outstanding.
No other capital stock of the Parent is authorized, issued or outstanding.
All issued and outstanding Shares and capital stock of the Company
Subsidiaries are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable. The shares of Parent Common Stock that will be issued in
connection with this Agreement will be, when issued in accordance with this
Agreement, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-
assessable.     16    4.3. Authorization of this Agreement. Each of the
Parent and the Purchaser has all requisite corporate power and authority to
execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and
validly authorized and approved by the Parent\'s and the Purchaser\'s
respective Board of Directors and, no other corporate proceedings on the part
of the Parent and the Purchaser are necessary to authorize this Agreement or
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly
and validly executed and delivered by the Parent and the Purchaser, and this
Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Parent and the
Purchaser, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws of
general application relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of
creditors, and the application of general principles of equity (regardless of
whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at
law).   4.4. Consents and Approvals; No Violation. Except for (i)
filings required under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, (ii) the
filing of a Pre-Merger Notification and Report Form by Parent under the HSR
Act, and/or similar filings or notices under similar laws in Canada, if
applicable, (iii) the filing and recordation of appropriate merger documents
as required by the BCL and, if applicable, the laws of other states in which
the Parent or the Purchaser is qualified to do business, and (iv) filings
under securities or blue sky laws or takeover statutes of the various states,
no filing with, and no permit, authorization, consent or approval of, any
public body or authority is necessary for the consummation by the Parent and
the Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the failure
to make or obtain which is reasonably likely to have a material adverse
effect on the ability of the Parent or the Purchaser to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby or on the business or financial condition of
the Parent, the Purchaser and the other Parent Subsidiaries taken as a whole.
Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby nor compliance by either the Parent or
the Purchaser with any of the provisions hereof will (i) conflict with or
result in any violation of any provision of the Articles of Incorporation or
By-Laws of the Parent or the Purchaser, (ii) result in a violation or breach
of, or constitute a default or give rise to any right of termination,
cancellation, loss of material benefits or acceleration or give to any Person
any interest in or result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the
properties or assets of the Parent, the Purchaser or any of the other
Parent Subsidiaries, with or without notice or lapse of time, or both, under
the Articles of Incorporation or the By-Laws of the Parent or the Purchaser
or any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, license, benefit plan, agreement or
other instrument or obligation to which the Parent, the Purchaser or any of
the other Parent Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them or any of
their properties or assets is bound or (iii) assuming the truth of the
representations and warranties of the Company contained herein and their
compliance with all agreements contained herein and assuming the due making
or obtaining of all filings, permits, authorizations, consents and approvals
referred to in the preceding sentence, violate any statute, rule, regulation,
order, injunction, writ or decree of any public body or authority by which
the Parent, the Purchaser or any of the other Parent Subsidiaries or any of
their respective assets or properties is bound, excluding from the foregoing
clauses (ii) and (iii) mortgages, leases and other agreements listed on
Section 4.4 of the Parent Disclosure Letter, and other conflicts, violations,
breaches or defaults which, either individually or in the aggregate, are not
reasonably likely to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.     17   
4.5. Financial Statements and Reports. (a) The Parent has filed all forms,
reports and documents with the SEC required to be filed by it pursuant to the
Securities Act and the Exchange Act (collectively, the "Parent SEC Filings"),
all of which have complied in all material respects with all applicable
requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. None of such Parent
SEC Filings, at the time filed or as subsequently amended by a Parent
SEC Filing filed prior to the date hereof, contained any untrue statement of
a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Parent SEC
Filings filed after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Effective
Time, (i) will comply in all material respects with all applicable
requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and (ii) will not at
the time they will be filed, contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that, except as set
forth in Section 4.7 hereof, no representation is made by the Parent or the
Purchaser with respect to the S-4 Registration Statement or the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus.   (b) The consolidated balance sheets and the related
consolidated statements of income, cash flow and changes in shareholder
equity of the Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries (i) contained in the
Parent\'s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31,
2003 and June 30, 2003 and the Parent\'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2002 (collectively, the "Parent 2002-2003 Financial
Statements"), and (ii) to be contained in Parent SEC Filings filed after the
date hereof (collectively with the Parent 2002-2003 Financial Statements, the
"Parent Financial Statements"), when filed (i) complied or will comply in all
material respects as to form with the published rules and regulations of the
SEC and (ii) presented or will present fairly the consolidated financial
position of the Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries as of such date, and the
consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for the periods
presented therein, in conformity with GAAP, except as otherwise noted
therein, and subject in the case of quarterly financial statements to normal
year-end audit adjustments and except that the quarterly financial statements
do not contain all of the footnote disclosures required by GAAP.   (c) The
books and records of the Parent and its Subsidiaries have been prepared and
maintained in form and substance adequate in all material respects for
preparing the Parent\'s financial statements in accordance with GAAP.    
18    4.6. Absence of Material Adverse Change. Since December 31,
2002, except as reflected in the Parent 2002-2003 Financial Statements or on
Section 4.6 of the Parent Disclosure Letter, there has not been a Parent
Material Adverse Effect.   4.7. Information in Proxy Statement/Prospectus,
Registration Statement and HSR Filings. The S-4 Registration Statement (or
any amendment thereof or supplement thereto), at the date it becomes
effective and at the time of the Company Shareholders Meeting, will not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made,
not misleading, except that no representation is made by Parent or Purchaser
with respect to statements made therein based on information supplied by the
Company for inclusion in the S-4 Registration Statement. None of the
information supplied by Parent or Purchaser for inclusion or incorporation by
reference in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus will, at the date mailed to
shareholders and at the time of the Company Shareholders Meeting, contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not
misleading. The S-4 Registration Statement will comply in all
material respects with the provisions of the Securities Act and the rules and
regulations thereunder. To the knowledge of the Parent, none of the
information supplied or to be supplied by or on behalf of any of the Parent
and the Parent Subsidiaries for inclusion or incorporation by reference in
the filing or filings required under the HSR Act, at the date filed, will
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made,
not misleading. No representation is made hereby with respect to statements
made in such filing or filings based on information supplied by Company for
inclusion therein.   4.8. Undisclosed Liabilities. Except for liabilities or
obligations reflected or reserved against in the Parent 2002-2003 Financial
Statements, incurred in the ordinary course of business after September 30,
2002, or set forth in Section 4.8 of the Parent Disclosure Letter, none of
the Parent or any of the Parent Subsidiaries has any liabilities or
obligations (whether absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise) which are
required by GAAP to be so reflected or reserved against.   4.9. Taxes.
Except as set forth in Section 4.9 of the Parent Disclosure Letter, (i) the
Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries have filed with the appropriate
governmental agencies all material Tax Returns required to be filed, taking
into account any extension of time to file granted to or obtained on behalf
of the Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries; and (ii) all material Taxes of the
Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries required to be paid have been paid to
the proper authorities, other than such Taxes that are being contested in
good faith by appropriate proceedings and that are adequately reserved for in
accordance with GAAP.   4.10. Litigation. Except as set forth in Section
4.10 of the Parent Disclosure Letter and except for such matters as are not
reasonably likely to result in a Parent Material Adverse Effect, there are no
(i) actions, suits or proceedings or investigations pending or, to the
knowledge of the Parent, threatened, or (ii) outstanding awards, judgments,
orders, writs, injunctions or decrees, or, to the knowledge of the Parent,
applications, requests or motions therefor, against or affecting the assets,
business, operations or financial condition of the Parent or the Parent
Subsidiaries at law or in equity in any court or any federal, state,
municipal or other governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency
or instrumentality.     19    4.11. Compliance with Laws. Except as set
forth in Section 4.11 of the Parent Disclosure Letter, there are no
violations or defaults by the Parent or any of the Parent Subsidiaries under
any statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation, judgment, order, decree,
permit, concession, grant, franchise, license or other governmental
authorization or approval applicable to them or any of their properties or
their operations which are reasonably likely to have a Parent Material
Adverse Effect.   4.12. Finders and Investment Bankers. Except for Deutsche
Bank Securities, Inc., no agent, investment banker, broker, finder,
intermediary, or other Person acting on behalf of the Parent or any of the
Parent Subsidiaries is or shall be entitled to any brokerage, or finder\'s or
other similar fee or commission in connection with the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   4.13. Disclosure. No
representation or warranty by the Parent or the Purchaser in this Agreement
(including the Parent Disclosure Letter) contains or will contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omits or will omit to state any material fact
necessary, in light of the circumstances under which it was made, to make the
statements herein or therein not misleading. There is no fact known to the
Parent or the Purchaser which would reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on the business or financial condition of the Parent and the
Parent Subsidiaries taken as a whole which has not been set forth in the
Parent SEC Filings or in this Agreement (including the Parent
Disclosure Letter).   ARTICLE V   CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING THE
MERGER   5.1. Conduct of the Business of the Company. Except as contemplated
by this Agreement or as otherwise set forth on Section 5.1 of the
Company Disclosure Letter, during the period from the date of this Agreement
to the Effective Time, the Company and the Company Subsidiaries will each
conduct its operations in all material respects according to its ordinary and
usual course of business, and will use commercially reasonable efforts to
preserve intact its business organization, to keep available the services of
its officers and employees and to maintain satisfactory relationships with
customers, suppliers and others having business relationships with it and
will take no action that could reasonably be deemed to have a material
adverse effect on the ability of the Company to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, or the timing thereof. The Company shall
consult regularly with Parent on the management and business affairs of the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries. The Company will promptly advise the
Parent in writing of any change in the Company\'s or any of the Company
Subsidiaries\' business or financial condition which is materially adverse to
it and the Company Subsidiaries taken as a whole. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, except as set forth on Section 5.1 of the
Company Disclosure Letter, and except as otherwise expressly contemplated by
this Agreement, prior to the Effective Time, neither the Company nor any of
the Company Subsidiaries will, without the prior written consent of the
Parent:     20    (a) amend its Articles of Incorporation or By-
Laws;   (b) authorize for issuance, issue, sell, deliver or agree or commit
to issue, sell or deliver (whether through the issuance or granting of
additional options, warrants, commitments, subscriptions, rights to purchase
or otherwise) any shares of capital stock of any class or any securities
convertible into or exercisable for shares of capital stock of any class,
except as required by any employee benefit or stock option plan or agreement
or pursuant to the Warrants existing as of the date hereof, and listed in
Section 5.1 of the Company Disclosure Letter;   (c) split, combine or
reclassify any shares of its capital stock, declare, set aside or pay any
dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, stock or property or any
combination thereof) in respect of its capital stock or partnership interest,
or redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of its capital stock, except any
distribution made by any of the Company Subsidiaries to the Company or any of
the other Company Subsidiaries;   (d) (i) create, incur, assume, maintain or
permit to exist any debt (including obligations in respect of capital leases)
other than as in existence on the date hereof (or which, in the ordinary
course of business, replaces any such debt) in an aggregate amount for the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries taken as a whole exceeding $50,000; (ii)
except in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices
assume, guarantee, endorse or otherwise become liable or responsible (whether
directly, contingently or otherwise) for the obligations of any Person other
than any of the Company Subsidiaries; or (iii) make any loans, advances or
capital contributions to, or investments in, any Person other than any of the
Company Subsidiaries, except for customary advances to employees or trade
credit in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices,
which in any event will not exceed $25,000 in the aggregate;   (e) except
in the ordinary course of business or as otherwise contemplated by or
described or referred to in the Company SEC Filings filed on or before the
date hereof, sell, transfer, mortgage, lease, license or otherwise dispose of
or encumber any assets, or cancel any indebtedness, of the Company or a
Company Subsidiary which have a value on the Company\'s books,
either individually or in the aggregate, in excess of $25,000;   (f) (i)
increase in any manner the compensation of any of its directors, officers or
employees except in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past
practice as part of their regularly scheduled review; (ii) pay or agree to
pay any pension, retirement allowance or other employee benefit not required,
or enter into or amend or agree to enter into or amend any agreement or
arrangement with any of its directors, officers or employees, whether past or
present, relating to any such pension, retirement allowance or other employee
benefit, except as required under currently existing agreements, plans or
arrangements and other than such additional severance and stay bonus plans as
set forth in the Company Disclosure Letter; (iii) grant (other than
as required pursuant to existing agreements or plans) any severance or
termination pay to, or enter into or amend any employment, severance or
change in control agreement with, any of its directors, officers or
employees; or (iv) except as may be required to comply with applicable law,
enter into or become obligated under any collective bargaining agreement or
any agreement with, any labor union or association representing employees,
pension plan, welfare plan, multiemployer plan, employee benefit plan,
benefit arrangement, or similar plan or arrangement, which was not in
existence on the date hereof, including any bonus, incentive, deferred
compensation, stock purchase, stock option, stock appreciation right, group
insurance, severance pay, retirement or other benefit plan, agreement or
arrangement, or employment or consulting agreement with or for the benefit of
any Person, or amend any of such plans or any of such agreements in existence
on the date hereof;     21    (g) authorize or commit to make any
material capital expenditures in excess of $50,000 per expenditure;   (h)
make any material change in the accounting methods or accounting practices
followed by the Company, except as required by GAAP;   (i) settle any
action, suit, claim, investigation or proceeding (legal, administrative or
arbitrative) for an amount in excess of $50,000;   (j) make any election
under the Code;   (k) enter into any contract that if entered into on or
prior to the date hereof would be required to be disclosed on Section 3.16 of
the Company Disclosure Letter;   (l) merge with or into or consolidate with
any other Person (other than between the Company Subsidiaries) or make any
acquisition of all or any part of the assets or capital stock or business of
any other Person except for tangible property acquired in the ordinary course
of business; or   (m) agree to do any of the foregoing.   5.2. Conduct of
the Business of Parent and the Purchaser. Except as contemplated by this
Agreement or as otherwise set forth on Section 5.2 of the Parent Disclosure
Letter, during the period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective
Time, the Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries will take no action that could
reasonably be deemed to have a material adverse effect on the ability of the
parties to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or the
timing thereof. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and
except as otherwise expressly contemplated by this Agreement, prior to the
Effective Time, neither the Parent nor any of the Parent Subsidiaries will,
without the prior written consent of the Company:   (a) amend the Articles
of Incorporation or By-Laws of Parent in a manner which would materially
adversely change the rights of holders of Parent Common Stock;    (b)
during the period in which the Parent Common Stock Value is being determined,
pay any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, stock or property or
any combination thereof) in respect of its capital stock, except
any distribution made by any of the Parent Subsidiaries to the Parent or any
of the other Parent Subsidiaries; or   (c) agree to do any of the
foregoing.     22    5.3. SEC Filings. All Company SEC filings filed
after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Effective Time (i) will be
timely filed and comply in all material respects with all applicable
requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and (ii) will not at
the time they will be filed, contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that, except as set
forth in Section 3.7 hereof, no representation is made by the Company with
respect to the S-4 Registration Statement or the
Proxy Statement/Prospectus.   ARTICLE VI   ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS   6.1.
Proxy Statement/Prospectus; S-4 Registration Statement. In connection with
the solicitation of approval of the principal terms of this Agreement and the
Merger by the Company\'s shareholders, the Company, the Parent and the
Purchaser shall as promptly as practicable prepare and file with the SEC, on
a confidential basis (if practicable), a preliminary proxy statement relating
to the Merger and this Agreement and use commercially reasonable efforts to
obtain and furnish the information required to be included by the SEC in the
Proxy Statement/Prospectus (as hereinafter defined). The Company,
after consultation with the Parent, shall respond as promptly as practicable
to any comments made by the SEC with respect to the preliminary proxy
statement and shall cause a definitive proxy statement to be mailed to its
shareholders at the earliest practicable date after the S-4 Registration
Statement (as hereinafter defined) has been declared effective. Such
definitive proxy statement shall also constitute a prospectus of Parent with
respect to the Parent Common Stock to be issued in the Merger (such proxy
statement and prospectus are referred to herein as the "Proxy
Statement/Prospectus"), which prospectus is to be filed with the SEC as part
of a registration statement on Form S-4 (the "S-4 Registration Statement")
for the purpose of registering under the Securities Act the Parent Common
Stock to be issued pursuant to Section 2.1(a). The Parent shall as promptly
as practicable prepare and file with the SEC the S-4 Registration Statement
after the SEC has advised that it will not review, or has no further comments
on, the Proxy Statement/Prospectus. The Parent, after consultation with the
Company, shall respond as promptly as practicable to any comments made by the
SEC with respect to the S-4 Registration Statement, and shall use
all commercially reasonable efforts to have the S-4 Registration Statement
declared effective by the SEC. The Parent shall also take any action required
to be taken under applicable state securities laws in connection with the
issuance of Parent Common Stock in the Merger to shareholders of the Company;
provided, however, that Parent shall not be required (i) to qualify to do
business as a foreign corporation in any jurisdiction in which it is not now
qualified or (ii) to file a general consent to service of process in any
jurisdiction. The Company shall furnish all information concerning the
Company and the holders of the Shares as may be reasonably requested by
Parent in connection with such action. If at any time prior to the Effective
Time any information relating to the Company or Parent, or any of their
respective affiliates, officer or directors, should be discovered by the
Company or Parent which should be set forth in an amendment or supplement to
either the S-4 Registration Statement or the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, so
that any of such documents would not include any misstatement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading, the party which discovers such information shall promptly notify
the other parties hereto and an appropriate amendment or
supplement describing such information shall be promptly filed with the SEC
and, to the extent required by law, disseminated to the shareholders of the
Company.     23    6.2. Access to Information. (a) Each party hereto
will (i) give the other party hereto and its authorized representatives
reasonable access during normal business hours to all offices and other
facilities and to all books and records of such party and such parties
subsidiaries, in order to permit such party to make such inspections as it
may reasonably require and (ii) will furnish the other party with a copy of
each report, schedule and other document filed or received by it, during the
period between the date hereof and the Effective Date, pursuant to the
requirements of federal and state securities laws and such financial and
operating data and other information with respect to the business and
properties of the other party and the other parties subsidiaries as such
party may from time to time reasonably request. Furthermore, prior to the
Effective Time, the Company shall use its best efforts to have delivered to
Parent Deloitte and Touche\'s ("DandT;\'s") uncleansed workpapers related to
DandT;\'s audit of the Company for the fiscal year ended September
30, 2003.   (b) Parent will furnish the Company with a copy of each
publicly available report, schedule and other document filed or received by
it, during the period between the date hereof and the Effective Date,
pursuant to the requirements of federal and state securities laws.   (c)
Parent and the Company and their respective authorized representatives shall
continue to abide by the provisions of the Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement,
dated August 25, 2003 (the "Confidentiality Agreement"), by and between the
Parent and the Company.   6.3. Consents. (a) The Parent and the Company each
shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all consents of
third parties under the agreements set forth in Section 6.3 of the Company
Disclosure Letter or the Parent Disclosure Letter, as the case may be, obtain
all material consents of governmental authorities, and to make all
governmental filings, necessary to the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. The Company, the Parent and the Purchaser
shall as soon as practicable file Pre-Merger Notification and Report Forms
under the HSR Act with the Federal Trade Commission (the "FTC") and the
Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice (the "Antitrust Division")
and shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to respond as promptly as
practicable to all inquiries received from the FTC or the Antitrust Division
for additional information or documentation.   (b) Each of the parties
hereto agrees to furnish to each other party hereto such necessary
information and commercially reasonable assistance as such other party may
request in connection with its preparation of necessary filings or
submissions to any regulatory or governmental agency or authority,
including, without limitation, any filing necessary under the provisions of
the HSR Act, or any other federal, state, local or foreign statute or
regulations. Each of the parties shall respond as promptly as practicable to
(i) any inquiries or requests from the FTC or the Antitrust Division for
additional information or documentation and (ii) any inquiries or requests
received from any state attorney general or other governmental entity in
connection with antitrust or related matters. Each of the parties shall (1)
give the other party prompt notice of the commencement of any claim, action,
suit or proceeding by or before   24   any governmental entity with
respect to the Merger or any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, (2) keep the other party informed as to the status of any such
claim, action, suit or pending or proceeding, and (3) promptly inform the
other party of any communication to or from the FTC or the Antitrust Division
or any other governmental entity regarding the Merger or the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. Each of the parties will consult and
cooperate with one another, and will consider in good faith the views of
one another, in connection with any analysis, appearance, presentation,
memorandum, brief, argument, opinion or proposal made or submitted in
connection with any claim, action, suit or proceeding under or relating to
the HSR or any other federal or state antitrust or fair trade law. In
addition, except as may be prohibited by any governmental entity or by any
applicable federal, state, local or foreign laws, ordinances or regulations,
in connection with any claim, action, suit or proceeding under or relating to
the HSR Act or any other federal or state antitrust or fair trade law or any
other similar claim, action, suit or proceeding, each of the parties will
permit authorized representatives of the other party to be present, to the
extent reasonably practicable, at each meeting or conference relating to any
such claim, action, suit or proceeding and to have access to and be consulted
in connection with any document, opinion or proposal made or submitted to any
governmental entity in connection with any such claim, action, suit or
proceeding.   (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
this Agreement, Parent shall not have any obligation under this Agreement:
(i) to dispose or cause any of the Parent Subsidiaries to dispose of any
assets, or to commit to cause the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries
to dispose of any assets; (ii) to discontinue or cause any of the Parent
Subsidiaries to discontinue offering any product, or to commit to cause the
Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries to discontinue offering any
product; (iii) to license or otherwise make available, or cause any of the
Parent Subsidiaries to license or otherwise make available, to any persons,
any technology, intellectual property, software or other intangible assets,
or to commit to cause the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries to
license or otherwise make available to any person any technology,
intellectual property, software or other intangible assets to the extent
reasonably practicable; (iv) to hold separate or cause any of the Parent
Subsidiaries to hold separate any assets or operations, or to commit to cause
the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries to hold separate any assets or
operations; or (v) to make or cause any of the Parent Subsidiaries to make
any commitment (to any governmental entity or otherwise) regarding its future
operations or the future operations of the Company or any of the
Parent Subsidiaries or Company Subsidiaries, if any of the actions described
in (i)-(v) above would materially interfere with Parent\'s anticipated
benefits from the transactions contemplated hereby or have a material adverse
effect on Parent.   6.4. Board Actions; Company Shareholder Meeting. (a) The
Board of Directors of the Company has determined that the Merger is advisable
and in the best interests of its shareholders and, subject to Section 6.8
hereof, (i) the Board of Directors of the Company will recommend to the
Company\'s shareholders the adoption and approval of this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby and the other matters to be submitted to the
Company\'s shareholders in connection herewith and use its commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain the necessary approvals by the Company\'s
shareholders of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby; (ii)
the Proxy Statement/Prospectus shall include a statement to the effect that
the Board of Directors of the Company has recommended that the Company\'s
shareholders vote in favor of the adoption and approval of the Merger at the
Company\'s Shareholders Meeting; and (iii) neither the Board of Directors of
the Company nor any committee thereof shall withdraw, amend or modify, or
propose or resolve to withdraw, amend or modify, in a manner adverse to
Parent, the recommendation of the Board of Directors of the Company that the
Company\'s shareholders vote in favor of and adopt and approve
the Merger.     25    (b) As soon as reasonably practicable after the
date of the Agreement, the Company shall duly call, give notice of, convene
and hold the Company Shareholder Meeting for the purpose of approving this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Company
will convene the Company Shareholder Meeting, as promptly as practicable and
in any event use its reasonable best efforts to convene such meeting within
45 days after the Form S-4 is declared effective by the SEC.   6.5.
Commercially Reasonable Efforts. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof,
each of the parties hereto agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts
consistent with applicable legal requirements to take, or cause to be taken,
all action, and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary or proper
and advisable under applicable laws and regulations to ensure that the
conditions set forth in Article VII hereof are satisfied and to consummate
and make effective, in the most expeditious manner practicable,
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   6.6. Public
Announcements. The Parent and the Company will obtain the prior written
consent of the other before issuing any press release or otherwise making any
public statements with respect to the Merger, except as may be required by
law or by obligations pursuant to any listing agreement with any securities
exchange in which case reasonable notice shall be given to the party not
making such press release or other public announcement.   6.7. Consent of
the Parent. The Parent, as the sole shareholder of the Purchaser, by
executing this Agreement consents to the execution and delivery of this
Agreement by the Purchaser and the consummation of the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated hereby, and such consent shall be treated for
all purposes as a vote duly cast at a meeting of the shareholders of the
Purchaser held for such purpose.   6.8. No Solicitation. (a) The Company
shall not, nor shall it authorize or permit any of the Company Subsidiaries
to, nor shall it authorize or permit any of its, or the Company
Subsidiaries\', directors, officers or employees or any investment banker,
financial advisor, attorney, accountant or other representative retained by
or acting on behalf of it or any of the Company Subsidiaries to, directly or
indirectly through another Person, (i) solicit, initiate or knowingly
encourage (including by way of furnishing non-public information), or take
any other action designed to facilitate, any inquiries or the making of any
proposal which constitutes a Company Takeover Proposal (as hereinafter
defined), (ii) participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding any
Company Takeover Proposal or (iii) enter into any letter of intent, agreement
in principle, acquisition agreement or similar agreement (each a "Company
Acquisition Agreement") with respect to a Company Takeover Proposal, or (iv)
approve, endorse or recommend a Company Takeover Proposal; provided, however,
that if and to the extent that, at any time prior to the time of the adoption
of this Agreement by the Company\'s shareholders, the Board of Directors of
the Company determines in good faith, after consultation with
outside counsel, that failing to do so would violate its fiduciary duties to
the Company\'s shareholders under applicable law, the Company may, in
response to any   26   Company Takeover Proposal which is reasonably
likely to lead to a Company Superior Proposal (as hereinafter defined) and
which was not solicited by it and which did not otherwise result from a
breach of this Section 6.8(a); (x) furnish information with respect to the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries to any Person inquiring about or making
a Company Takeover Proposal pursuant to a customary confidentiality agreement
(as determined by the Company based on the advice of its outside counsel
containing limitations no less restrictive than the limitations imposed on
Parent pursuant to the Confidentiality Agreement); and (y) participate in
discussions or negotiations regarding such Company Takeover Proposal;
provided that prior to or at the time of furnishing any such information or
entering into such discussions or negotiations, the Company shall: (1) inform
Parent in writing as to the fact such information is to be provided, (2)
furnish to Parent the identity of the recipient of such information and/or
the potential acquirer and the terms of such Company Takeover Proposal and
(3) furnish to or notify Parent of the availability of such
written information to Parent (to the extent such information has not been
previously furnished by the Company to Parent). Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any
violation of the restrictions set forth in the preceding sentence by any
director, officer, employee, investment banker, financial advisor, attorney,
accountant or other representative of the Company or any of the Company
Subsidiaries shall be deemed to constitute a breach of this Section 6.8(a) by
the Company. The Company agrees that it will immediately cease and cause to
be terminated any existing discussions with any person that relate to any
Company Takeover Proposal. For purposes of this Agreement, "Company Takeover
Proposal" means any inquiry, proposal or offer from any Person relating to
any Company Takeover Event. For purposes of this Agreement, "Company Takeover
Event" means any direct or indirect acquisition or purchase of a business
that constitutes 10% or more of the net revenues, net income or assets of the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or 10% or more of any
class of equity securities of the Company, any tender offer or exchange offer
that if consummated would result in any Person beneficially owning 10% or
more of any class of any equity securities of the Company, or any sale,
lease, exchange, transfer or license of assets, or any merger, consolidation,
business combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar
transaction involving the Company (or any Company Subsidiary) whose business
constitutes 10% or more of the net revenues, net income or assets of the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries taken as a whole.   (b) Except as
expressly permitted by this Section 6.8(b), the Board of Directors of the
Company shall not (i) withdraw or modify or propose publicly to withdraw or
modify, in a manner adverse to the Parent and the Purchaser, its approval or
recommendation of this Agreement, or (ii) approve or recommend, or propose
publicly to approve or recommend any Company Takeover Proposal, unless (x)
such Company Takeover Proposal is a Company Superior Proposal, (y) the
Board of Directors of the Company determines in good faith, after
consultation with outside counsel, that in light of a Company Superior
Proposal it is necessary to do so in order to comply with its fiduciary
duties under applicable law, and (z) neither the Company nor any Company
Subsidiary nor any representative of the Company or a Company Subsidiary
shall have caused the Company Superior Proposal to be made in violation of
Section 6.8(a). For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Company Superior
Proposal" means any bona fide written proposal to acquire, directly or
indirectly, for consideration consisting of cash and/or securities, more than
a majority of the Shares then outstanding or all or substantially all the
assets of the Company, that the Board of Directors of the Company determines
in good faith, after taking into account advice from its financial advisor
and counsel, to be more favorable from a financial point of view to the
Company and its shareholders than the Merger.     27    (c) Nothing
contained in this Agreement shall prohibit the Company from taking and
disclosing to its shareholders a position contemplated by Rules 14d-9 and
14e-2(a) promulgated under the Exchange Act or from making any disclosure
to the Company\'s shareholders if, in the good faith judgment of the Board
of Directors of the Company, after consultation with outside counsel,
such disclosure is required under applicable law; provided that the Company
does not amend, withdraw or modify, or propose to amend, withdraw or modify,
its position with respect to the Merger, or approve, recommend or propose
publicly to approve or recommend a Company Takeover Proposal, unless the
Company and the Board of Directors has complied with the provisions of
Section 6.8(b).   (d) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary
notwithstanding, the Company shall submit this Agreement for approval to the
shareholders of the Company at the Company Shareholder Meeting whether or not
the Board of Directors determines at any time subsequent to the date hereof
that the Agreement is no longer advisable and recommends that the
shareholders reject it.   6.9. Indemnification. (a) For a period of six
years after the Effective Time, the Parent shall, and shall cause the
Surviving Corporation to, indemnify, defend and hold harmless the present and
former officers, directors, employees and agents of the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries (collectively, the "Indemnified Parties") from and
against, and pay or reimburse the Indemnified Parties for, all losses,
obligations, expenses, claims, damages or liabilities (whether or not
resulting from third-party claims and including interest, penalties, out-of-
pocket expenses and attorneys\' fees incurred in the investigation or defense
of any of the same or in asserting any of their rights hereunder) resulting
from or arising out of actions or omissions occurring on or prior to the
Effective Time (including, without limitation, the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement) to the full extent permitted or required under applicable
law as of the Effective Time and, in the case of indemnification by the
Surviving Corporation, to the extent permitted under the provisions of
the Articles of Incorporation and the By-Laws of the Company in effect at the
date hereof (which provisions shall not be amended in any manner which
adversely affects any Indemnified Party, for a period of six years),
including provisions relating to payment and advances of expenses incurred in
the defense of any action or suit; provided that in the event any claim or
claims are asserted or made within such six-year period, all rights to
indemnification in respect of each such claim shall continue until final
disposition of such claim. In the event of any dispute as to indemnification
provided for herein which cannot be resolved within 30 days, the parties
agree that the resolution of such dispute shall be made by independent
counsel jointly selected by the Indemnified Party and the Parent.   (b) For
not less than six years after the Effective Time, the Parent and the
Purchaser shall maintain in effect directors\' and officers\'
liability insurance covering the Indemnified Parties who are currently
covered by the Company\'s existing directors\' and officers\' liability
insurance, on terms and conditions no less favorable to such directors and
officers than those in effect on the date hereof; provided that the
deductible thereunder (which shall be paid by the Parent) may be increased to
no more than $1.0 million; and, provided, further, that in no event shall the
Parent be required to expend in any one year an amount in excess of $190,000;
and, provided, further, that if the annual premiums of such insurance
coverage exceed such amount, the Parent shall be obligated to obtain a policy
with the greatest coverage available for a cost not exceeding such
amount.     28    (c) Any Indemnified Party wishing to claim
indemnification under Section 6.9(a) shall provide notice to the Parent
promptly after such Indemnified Party has actual knowledge of any claim as to
which indemnity may be sought, and (i) the Parent shall retain counsel
satisfactory to the Parent, the Indemnified Party and the insurer under any
applicable directors\' and officers\' liability insurance, (ii) the Parent
shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel for the
Indemnified Party promptly as statements therefor are received, and (iii) the
Parent will use all reasonable efforts to assist in the vigorous defense of
any such matter, provided that neither Parent nor the Company shall be liable
for any settlement of any claims effected without its written consent, which
consent, however, shall not be unreasonably withheld; and provided, further,
that neither Parent nor Company shall be obligated to pay the fees and
expenses of more than one counsel for all Indemnified Parties in any single
action unless in the reasonable judgment of counsel to such Indemnified Party
a conflict of interest exists between such Indemnified Party and any
other Indemnified Parties with respect to any claims as determined by Rule
1.7(b) of the ABA Model Rules of Professional conduct. The omission by any
Indemnified Party to give notice as provided herein shall not relieve the
Parent of its indemnification obligation under this Agreement except to the
extent that such omission results in a failure of actual notice to the Parent
and the Parent is materially damaged as a result of such failure to give
notice. The Parent and the Indemnified Party shall cooperate in the defense
of any action or claim subject to this Section 6.9, including but not limited
to furnishing all available documentary or other evidence as is reasonably
requested by the other.   (d) This Section 6.9 is intended for the benefit
of the Indemnified Parties whether or not parties to this Agreement and each
of the Indemnified Parties shall be entitled to enforce the covenants
contained herein. Subject to appropriate reimbursement assurances, Parent and
the Surviving Corporation jointly and severally agree to pay all expenses,
including attorneys fees, that may be incurred by any Indemnified Party in
enforcing the provisions of this Section 6.9. The rights of the Indemnified
Parties under this Section 6.9 are in addition to and not in limitation of
any rights such Indemnified Parties may have under the Company\'s articles,
by-laws, under any agreement, under the BCL, or otherwise.   (e) If the
Parent or the Surviving Corporation or any of their respective successors or
assigns (i) reorganizes or consolidates with or merges into any other Person
and is not the resulting, continuing or surviving corporation or entity of
such reorganization, consolidation or merger, or (ii) liquidates, dissolves
or transfers all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any
Person or Persons, then, and in such case, proper provision will be made so
that the successors and assigns of the Surviving Corporation assumes all of
the obligations of the Parent or the Surviving Corporation, as the case may
be, set forth in this Section 6.9.   6.10. Employee Benefits. The Parent
shall maintain or caused to be maintained for the benefit of each employee of
the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries who was an employee of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries immediately prior to the Effective Time employee
benefit plans and programs that provide such employee with benefits, rights
and entitlements which are comparable to similarly situated employees of the
Parent. Following the Effective Time, Parent shall cause the Surviving
Company to honor in accordance with their terms all employment, severance and
other compensation agreements and arrangements existing on or prior to the
execution of this Agreement which are between the Company and any of the
Company Subsidiaries and any officer, director or employee thereof.    
29    6.11. Tax Covenants. Whether before or after the Effective
Time, neither the Parent nor the Company shall take (or permit any of their
Affiliates to take) any action that could reasonably be expected to
jeopardize qualification of the Merger as a reorganization within the meaning
of Section 368(a) of the Code. Each of the Parent and the Company shall use
its respective commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Merger to qualify
as a reorganization under the provisions of Section 368(a) of the Code and to
cause its respective officers to furnish such customary and
appropriate representations to Blank Rome LLP ("Parent\'s Counsel") and
Faegre and Benson LLP ("Company\'s Counsel") as may be reasonably requested to
enable such counsel to deliver the opinions described in Sections 7.2(d) and
7.3(c).   6.12. Section 16b-3. Prior to the Effective Time, Parent and
the Company shall take such steps as may be required to cause any
acquisitions or dispositions of capital stock of Parent or the Company
(including derivative securities thereof) resulting from the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement by each individual who is subject to the
reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act with respect to
the Company to be exempt under Rule 16b-3 of the 1934 Act.   6.13. Rule
145. Parent and the Company shall cooperate and use their best efforts to
identify those persons who may be deemed to be "Affiliates" of Company within
the meaning of Rule 145 promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Act. The
Company shall use its best efforts to cause each person so identified to
deliver to Parent, no later than 15 days prior to the Effective Date, a
written agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Parent
with respect to the resale of Parent Common Stock.   6.14. Nasdaq National
Market. Parent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the shares
of Parent Common Stock to be issued in the Merger and the shares of Parent
Common Stock to be reserved for issuance upon exercise of Company Options and
Company Warrants to be approved for listing on the Nasdaq National Market
prior to the Effective Time.   ARTICLE VII   CLOSING CONDITIONS   7.1.
Conditions to the Obligations of the Parent, the Purchaser and the Company.
The respective obligations of each party to effect the Merger shall
be subject to the fulfillment at or prior to the Effective Time of the
following conditions:   (a) There shall not be in effect any statute, rule
or regulation enacted, promulgated or deemed applicable by any governmental
authority of competent jurisdiction that makes consummation of the Merger
illegal and no temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent
injunction or other order issued by any court of competent jurisdiction or
other legal restraint or prohibition preventing the consummation of the
Merger shall be in effect; provided, however, that each of the parties shall
use their commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the entry of any such
injunction or other order and to appeal as promptly as possible any
injunction or other order that may be entered.     30    (b) This
Agreement shall have been approved and adopted by the affirmative vote of the
holders of the requisite number of shares of Common Stock in accordance with
the Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws of the Company and the BCL.   (c)
Each of the Parent, the Company and any other person (as defined in the HSR
Act and the rules and regulations thereunder) required in connection with the
Merger to file a Pre-Merger Notification and Report Form under the HSR Act
with the FTC and the Antitrust Division and/or similar filings or
notices under similar laws in Canada, if applicable, shall have made such
filing and the applicable waiting period with respect to each such filing
(including any extension thereof by reason of a request for additional
information) shall have expired or been terminated.   (d) The S-4
Registration Statement shall have become effective under the Securities Act
and shall not be the subject of any stop order or proceedings seeking a stop
order and no stop order or similar restraining order shall be threatened or
entered by the SEC or any state securities administration preventing the
Merger. No order suspending trading of Parent Common Stock on the Nasdaq
National Market shall have been issued or pending for that purpose.   7.2.
Conditions to the Obligations of the Parent and the Purchaser.
The obligations of Parent and Purchaser to effect the Merger shall be subject
to the fulfillment at or prior to the Effective Time of the following
conditions.   (a) The representations and warranties of the Company
contained in this Agreement that are qualified by materiality or contained in
Section 3.2 shall be true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and as
of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date and the
representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement
that are not so qualified shall be true and correct in all material respects
as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on
and as of the Closing Date (except in each case to the extent any such
representation or warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier specified date,
in which case, as of such date), except in each case where the failure of the
representations and warranties (other than the representations and warranties
set forth in Section 3.2) to be so true and correct (without giving effect to
any qualification as to "material," "materiality," "material adverse effect"
or similar qualifications) are not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably likely to result in a Company Material Adverse Effect.   (b) The
Company shall have, in all material respects, performed all covenants and
agreements and complied with all conditions required by this Agreement to be
performed or complied with by the Company prior to or on the Closing Date.
The Company shall deliver to Parent a certificate of its Chief Executive
Officer, solely in his capacity as such, as to the satisfaction of
the conditions in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 7.2.    
31    (c) There shall not be pending any actions, suits or proceeding:
(i) which individually or in the aggregate, taking into account the totality
of the facts and circumstance and the probability of an adverse judgment,
are reasonably likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect on the Parent
and the Parent Subsidiaries taken as a whole and (ii) which (A) challenges or
seeks to restrain or prohibit the consummation of the Merger; (B) relates to
the Merger and seeks to obtain from Parent or any of its subsidiaries
damages; (C) seeks to prohibit or limit in any material respect Parent\'s
ability to vote, receive dividends with respect to or otherwise exercise
ownership rights with respect to the capital stock of the Company; or (D)
affects adversely the right of Parent, the Company or any subsidiary of
Parent to own the assets or operate the business of Company; provided,
however, that to the extent that any damages payable in connection with any
such claim, action, suit or proceeding will be fully reimbursed by insurance
coverage pursuant to insurance policies held by Company or Parent, such
damages shall be disregarded in determining the material adverse effect of
such claim, action, suit or proceeding on the policy holder.   (d) Parent
shall have received from Parent\'s Counsel an opinion in substantially the
form attached hereto as Annex V, dated on or about the date of mailing of the
Proxy Statement/Prospectus, which opinion shall be reconfirmed at the
Effective Time, substantially to the effect that the Merger will be
treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a reorganization within the
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. In rendering such opinion, Parent\'s
Counsel shall be entitled to request and rely upon representations contained
in certificates of officers of Parent and Company, which certificates are in
substantially the form attached hereto as Annex III and Annex IV, as the case
may be.   (e) Since the date hereof, there shall not have been a Company
Material Adverse Effect.   (f) Neither the Parent nor the Purchaser may
rely on the failure of any condition set forth in this Article VII to be
satisfied if such failure was caused by the Parent\'s or the Purchaser\'s
failure to use commercially reasonable efforts to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.   (g) Parent shall have received all
agreements, certificates, instruments, consents, estoppels, certifications
and documents requested by Parent at or prior to the Effective Time in order
to more fully consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement, other than those the
failure of which to obtain would not have a Company Material Adverse
Effect.   7.3. Conditions to the Obligations of the Company. The obligations
of the Company to effect the Merger shall be subject to the fulfillment, at
or prior to the Effective Time, of the following conditions:   (a) The
representations and warranties of the Parent and the Purchaser contained in
this Agreement that are qualified by materiality shall be true and correct in
all respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date and
the representations and warranties of the Parent contained in this Agreement
that are not so qualified shall be true and correct in all material respects
as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on
and as of the Closing Date (except in each case to the extent any
such representation or warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier specified
date, in which case, as of such date), except in each case where the failure
of the representations and warranties to be so true and correct (without
giving effect to any qualification as to "material," "materiality," "material
adverse effect" or similar qualifications) are not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Parent
and the Parent Subsidiaries taken as a whole.     32    (b) The Parent
and the Purchaser shall have, in all material respects, performed all
covenants and agreements and complied with all conditions required by this
Agreement to be performed or complied with by the Parent and the Purchaser
prior to or on the Closing Date. The Parent shall deliver to Company
a certificate of its Chief Executive Officer, solely in his capacity as such,
as to the satisfaction of the conditions in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this
Section 7.3.   (c) The Company shall have received from Company\'s Counsel
an opinion in substantially the form attached hereto as Annex VI, dated on or
about the date of mailing of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, which opinion
shall be reconfirmed at the Effective Time, substantially to the effect that
the Merger will be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. In rendering
such opinion, Company\'s Counsel shall be entitled to request and rely upon
representations contained in certificates of officers of Parent and Company,
which certificates are in substantially the form attached hereto as Annex III
and Annex IV, as the case may be.   (d) The shares of Parent Common Stock
that will be issued in connection with the Merger shall have been approved
for listing on the Nasdaq National Market.   (e) The Company may not rely
on the failure of any condition set forth in this Article VII to be satisfied
if such failure was caused by the Company\'s failure to use commercially
reasonable efforts to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   ARTICLE VIII   CLOSING   8.1. Time and Place. The closing
of the Merger (the "Closing") shall take place at the offices of Blank Rome
LLP, One Logan Square, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, as soon as practicable
following satisfaction or waiver, if permissible, of the conditions set forth
in Article VII. The date on which the Closing actually occurs is herein
referred to as the "Closing Date."   8.2. Filings at the Closing. At the
Closing, the Parent, the Purchaser and the Company shall cause the
Certificate of Merger, together with any other documents required by law to
effectuate the Merger, to be filed and recorded with the Secretary of State
of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in accordance with the provisions of the
BCL and shall take any and all other lawful actions and do any and all other
lawful things necessary to cause the Merger to become effective.    
33    ARTICLE IX   TERMINATION AND ABANDONMENT   9.1. Termination. This
Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether
before or after approval by the shareholders of the Company:   (a) by
mutual consent of the Board of Directors of the Parent and the Board of
Directors of the Company;   (b) by either the Parent or the Company if the
Merger shall not have been consummated on or before June 30, 2004; provided,
however, that the right to terminate this Agreement shall not be available to
any party whose failure to fulfill any obligation under or breach of this
Agreement has been the cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the Merger to
have occurred on or before the aforesaid date;   (c) by either the Parent
or the Company, if any court of competent jurisdiction in the United States
or other governmental agency of competent jurisdiction shall have issued an
order, decree or ruling or taken any other action restraining, permanently
enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the Merger, and such order, decree, ruling
or other action shall have become final and non-appealable;   (d) by either
the Parent or the Company, if the approval of the Merger by the shareholders
of the Company shall not have been obtained by reason of the failure to
obtain the required vote upon a vote held at a duly held meeting of such
shareholders or at any adjournment or postponement thereof;   (e) by the
Company:   (i) upon the breach of any representation, warranty, covenant
or other agreement of Parent contained in this Agreement, or if any
representation or warranty of Parent shall be or shall have become
inaccurate, in either case such that Parent fails to cure such breach within
fifteen (15) business days after receiving notice of such breach (but only if
such breach is capable of being cured) and such breach would cause any of the
conditions set forth in Section 7.3(a) or (b) not to be satisfied at the time
of such breach or at the time such representation or warranty was or shall
have become inaccurate or, if capable of being cured, at the end of such cure
period;   (ii) if the Parent Company Stock Value is less than $18.00
and Parent has not elected to adjust the Exchange Ratio pursuant to
Section 2.1(a)(i) hereof.   (f) by the Company, at any time prior to the
Effective Time, by action of the Company\'s Board of Directors, if the
Company receives an unsolicited Superior Proposal, and the Company\'s Board
of Directors reasonably determines in good faith in compliance with the
provisions of Section 6.8(b) to withdraw its recommendation of the Merger in
order to accept a Superior Proposal; provided, however, that the Company
shall not be permitted to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section
9.1(f) unless Parent shall receive the fees set forth in Section 9.2(b)
immediately prior to any termination pursuant to this Section 9.1(f) by wire
transfer in same day funds;     34    (g) By Parent:   (i) upon the
breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or other agreement of the
Company contained in this Agreement, or if any representation or warranty of
the Company shall be or shall become inaccurate, in either case such that the
Company fails to cure such breach within fifteen (15) business days after
receiving notice of such breach (but only if such breach is capable of being
cured) and such breach would cause any of the conditions set forth in Section
7.2(a) or (b) not to be satisfied at the time of such breach or at the time
such representation or warranty was or shall have become inaccurate, or, if
capable of being cured, at the end of such cure period;   (ii) if (a) the
Board of Directors of the Company shall have failed to recommend, or shall
for any reason have withdrawn or shall have amended or modified in a manner
adverse to Parent its recommendation in favor of, the adoption and approval
of the Merger provided that the reason for such withdrawal or failure is not
due to conditions solely relating to Parent; (b) the Company shall have
failed to include in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus the recommendation of the
Board of Directors of the Company in favor of the adoption and approval of
the Merger provided that the reason for such withdrawal or failure is not due
to conditions solely relating to Parent; (c) the Company shall have entered
into any Company Acquisition Agreement; or (d) a tender or exchange offer
relating to securities of the Company shall have been commenced and the
Company shall not have sent to its shareholders and, if
applicable, optionholders, within the required time in accordance with
applicable SEC rules after the commencement of such tender or exchange offer,
a statement disclosing that the Company recommends rejection of such tender
or exchange offer.   9.2. Procedure and Effect of Termination. (a) In the
event of termination and abandonment of the Merger by the Parent, the
Purchaser or the Company pursuant to Section 9.1, written notice thereof
shall forthwith be given to the others, and this Agreement shall terminate
and the Merger shall be abandoned, without further action by any of the
parties hereto. The Purchaser agrees that any termination by the Parent shall
be conclusively binding upon it, whether given expressly on its behalf or
not, and the Company shall have no further obligation with respect to it. If
this Agreement is terminated as provided herein, no party hereto shall have
any liability or further obligation to any other party to this Agreement;
provided that any termination shall be without prejudice to the rights of any
party hereto arising out of any grossly negligent or willful breach by any
other party of any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement, and
provided, further, that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.2, 10.6 and
10.8 shall in any event survive any termination.   (b) In the event of a
termination of this Agreement by Parent pursuant to Section 9.1(g)(ii) or by
the Company pursuant to Section 9.1(f), then contemporaneously with such
termination, the Company shall pay to Parent by wire transfer of immediately
available funds to an account specified by Parent a non-refundable
termination fee in an amount equal to $5.0 million plus reimbursement of all
documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by Parent in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (but excluding any
investment banking fees) in an amount not to exceed $1.0 million.    
35    (c) In the event of a termination of this Agreement by Parent or
the Company pursuant to Section 9.1(b) or Section 9.1(d), then
contemporaneously with such termination, the Company shall pay to Parent by
wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account specified by
Parent a non-refundable termination fee in an amount equal to $5.0 million
plus reimbursement of all documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses
incurred by Parent in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement (but excluding any investment banking fees) in an amount not to
exceed $1.0 million, provided, however, that such payment shall be made only
if (A) following the date of this Agreement and prior to the termination of
this Agreement, any Company Takeover Proposal shall have been publicly
announced or shall have become publicly known and shall not have been
withdrawn prior to such termination, and (B) within nine (9) months following
the termination of this Agreement, either a Company Takeover Proposal is
consummated or the Company enters into an agreement providing for a Company
Takeover Proposal and such Company Takeover Proposal is later consummated
(with such payment to be made at or prior to the consummation of such Company
Takeover Proposal). For purposes of this Section 9.2(c), the definition of
"Company Takeover Proposal" and "Company Takeover Event" shall be modified
(i) by replacing the 10% threshold used in Section 6.8(a) with 30%, and (ii)
to not apply to the issuance of any non-voting, non-convertible
preferred securities.   ARTICLE X   MISCELLANEOUS   10.1. Amendment and
Modification. Subject to applicable law, this Agreement may be amended,
modified or supplemented only by written agreement of the Parent, the
Purchaser and the Company at any time prior to the Effective Time with
respect to any of the terms contained herein; provided that after
this Agreement is adopted by the Company\'s shareholders, no such amendment
or modification shall be made that reduces the amount or changes the form of
the Merger Consideration or otherwise materially and adversely affects the
rights of the Company\'s shareholders hereunder, without the further approval
of such shareholders.   10.2. Waiver of Compliance; Consents. Any failure
of the Parent or the Purchaser, on the one hand, or the Company, on the other
hand, to comply with any obligation, covenant, agreement or condition herein
may be waived by the Company or the Parent, respectively, only by a written
instrument signed by the party granting such waiver, but such waiver or
failure to insist upon strict compliance with such obligation, covenant,
agreement or condition shall not operate as a waiver of, or estoppel with
respect to, any subsequent or other failure. Whenever this Agreement requires
or permits consent by or on behalf of any party hereto, such consent shall be
given in writing in a manner consistent with the requirements for a waiver of
compliance as set forth in this Section 10.2. The Purchaser hereby agrees
that any consent or waiver of compliance given by the Parent hereunder shall
be conclusively binding upon it, whether given expressly on its behalf or
not.     36    10.3. Survival of Warranties. Each and every
representation and warranty made in this Agreement shall survive the date of
this Agreement but shall expire with, and be terminated and extinguished by,
the Merger, or the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.1.
This Section 10.3 shall have no effect upon any other obligation of the
parties hereto, whether to be performed before or after the Closing.  
10.4. Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given if (a) delivered personally or by
overnight courier, (b) mailed by registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid, or (c) transmitted by email, and in each case,
addressed to the parties at the following addresses (or at such other address
for a party as shall be specified by like notice; provided that notices of a
change of address shall be effective only upon receipt thereof):   (a) if
to the Parent or the Purchaser, to   NCO Group, Inc.  507 Prudential Road 
Horsham, PA 19044  Email: mike.barrist@ncogroup.com  Attention: Michael J.
Barrist   with copies to   NCO Group, Inc.  507 Prudential Road 
Horsham, PA 19044  Email: josh.gindin@ncogroup.com  Attention: Joshua
Gindin   Blank Rome LLP  One Logan Square  Philadelphia, PA 19103  Email:
wiseman@blankrome.com  Attention: Lawrence R. Wiseman, Esquire   (b) if to
the Company, to   RMH Teleservices, Inc.  15 Campus Boulevard  Newtown
Square, PA 19073  Email: jfellows@rmh.com  Attention: John Fellows,
President and CEO     37    with a copy to   Faegre and Benson LLP 
1900 15th Street  Boulder, CO 80302  Email: jcarroll@faegre.com  Attention:
James H. Carroll, Esquire   RMH Teleservices, Inc.  15 Campus Boulevard 
Newtown Square, PA 19073  Email: dlofton@rmh.com  Attention: Deborah Lofton,
Esquire  Any notice so addressed shall be deemed to be given (x) three
business days after being mailed by first-class, registered or certified
mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (y) upon delivery, if
transmitted by hand delivery, overnight courier or telecopy and (z) when the
addressor receives e-mail delivery confirmation, if sent by e-mail.   10.5.
Assignment; Parties in Interest. This Agreement and all of the provisions
hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto
and their respective successors and permitted assigns, but neither
this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder
shall be assigned by any of the parties hereto without the prior written
consent of the other parties. Except for Section 6.9, which is intended for
the benefit of the Company\'s directors, officers, employees and agents, and
Section 6.11, which is intended for the benefit of the Company\'s
shareholders, this Agreement is not intended to confer upon any other Person
except the parties any rights or remedies under or by reason of this
Agreement.   10.6. Expenses. Except as provided in Section 9.2, whether or
not the Merger is consummated, all costs and expenses incurred in connection
with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by
the party incurring such expenses.   10.7. Specific Performance. The
parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that
any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with
their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed
that the parties shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent
breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and
provisions hereof in any court of the United States or any state having
jurisdiction, as provided in Section 10.13, this being in addition to any
other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity.   10.8.
Governing Law. This Agreement, and all matters arising out of or related to
this Agreement, shall be governed in all respects, including as to validity,
interpretation and effect, by the internal laws of the Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania, without giving effect to the conflict of laws rules thereof
to the extent such rules would permit the application of the laws of
another jurisdiction.     38    10.9. Counterparts. This Agreement may
be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same
instrument.   10.10. Interpretation. The article and section headings
contained in this Agreement are solely for the purpose of reference, are not
part of the agreement of the parties and shall not in any way affect the
meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.   10.11. Entire Agreement.
This Agreement, including the Company Disclosure Letter and the Parent
Disclosure Letter, the Annexes hereto, the Voting Agreement, and the
Confidentiality Agreement, embody the entire agreement and understanding of
the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein and
supersedes all prior agreements and the understandings between the parties
with respect to such subject matter.   10.12. Severability. If any
provision, including any phrase, sentence, clause, section or subsection, of
this Agreement is invalid, inoperative or unenforceable for any reason, such
circumstances shall not have the effect of rendering such provision in
question invalid, inoperative or unenforceable in any other case or
circumstance, or of rendering any other provision herein contained invalid,
inoperative, or unenforceable to any extent whatsoever.   10.13.
Jurisdiction and Process. In any action between or among any of the parties,
whether arising out of this Agreement or otherwise, (a) each of the parties
irrevocably consents to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the federal
and state courts located in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, (b) if any such
action is commenced in a state court, then, subject to applicable law,
no party shall object to the removal of such action to any federal court
located in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, (c) each of the parties
irrevocably waives the right to trial by jury, (d) each of the parties
irrevocably consents to service of process by first class certified mail,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid, to the address at which such party
is to receive notice in accordance with Section 10.4 and (e) the prevailing
parties shall be entitled to recover their reasonable attorneys\' fees and
court costs from the other parties.   10.14. Interpretation of
Representations; Disclosure Letters. Each representation and warranty made in
this Agreement or pursuant hereto is independent of all other representations
and warranties made by the same parties, whether or not covering related or
similar matters, and must be independently and separately satisfied. Except
as set forth herein, exceptions or qualifications to any such representation
or warranty shall not be construed as exceptions or qualifications to any
other representation or warranty. The parties acknowledge that the Company
Disclosure Letter and the Parent Disclosure Letter (i) relate to certain
matters concerning the disclosures required and transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, (ii) are qualified in their entirety by reference to specific
provisions of this Agreement, (iii) are not intended to constitute and shall
not be construed as indicating that such matter is required to be disclosed,
nor shall such disclosure be construed as an admission that such information
is material with respect to the Company or Parent, as the case may be, except
to the extent required by this Agreement, (iv) disclosure of the information
contained in one section or part of the Company Disclosure Letter or the
Parent Disclosure Letter shall be deemed as proper disclosure for all
sections or parts of the Company Disclosure Letter or the Parent Disclosure
Letter, as the case may be, only if appropriately cross-referenced or if the
relevance thereof is reasonably manifest on its face   39   to be
relevant and responsive to the other section or sections where
such disclosure is required; and (v) disclosure of the information contained
in one section of the Company Disclosure Letter or the Parent Disclosure
Letter shall be deemed as proper disclosure for each provision in that
section of the Agreement for which such disclosure is required, even if such
provision is not qualified by a reference to the Company Disclosure Letter or
the Parent Disclosure Letter, as the case may be, provided that the relevance
thereof is reasonably manifest on its face to be relevant and responsive to
the provisions in that section which are not qualified by a reference to the
Company Disclosure Letter or Parent Disclosure Letter, as the case may be.
The Disclosure Letters are each incorporated into and made a part of the
Agreement, and are not intended to be an independent document.   10.15.
Reliance by Parent and Purchaser. Notwithstanding the right of Parent and
Purchaser to investigate the business, assets and financial condition of the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries, and notwithstanding any
knowledge obtained or obtainable by Parent and Purchaser as a result of
such investigation, Parent and Purchaser have the unqualified right to rely
upon, and have relied upon, each of the representations and warranties made
by the Company in this Agreement or pursuant hereto.   10.16. Tax
Disclosure. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any
other agreement relating to the transaction described in this Agreement, the
parties hereto shall be permitted to disclose the U.S. federal income tax
treatment and tax structure of the transaction described in this Agreement
(including any materials, opinions or analyses relating to such tax treatment
or tax structure, but without disclosure of identifying information or,
except to the extent relating to such tax structure or tax treatment,
any nonpublic commercial or financial information) on and after the date
hereof. Moreover, notwithstanding any other provision of this agreement,
there shall be no limitation on either party\'s ability to consult any tax
adviser, whether or not independent from the parties, regarding the U.S.
federal income tax treatment or tax structure of the transaction described in
this Agreement. Except as otherwise required by law, any such disclosure as
to tax structure or tax treatment shall be made in a manner that preserves
confidentiality as to the parties and their business operations and any other
non-tax related proprietary information with respect thereto.   
[remainder of page intentionally left blank - signature page to
follow]      40    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parent, the Purchaser and
the Company have caused this Agreement to be signed by their respective duly
authorized officers as of the date first above written.   PARENT: NCO
GROUP, INC.    By: /s/ Michael Barrist 
----------------------------------  Name: Michael Barrist 
----------------------------------  Title: Chairman, President and CEO 
----------------------------------   PURCHASER: NCOG ACQUISITION
CORPORATION   By: /s/ Michael Barrist  ---------------------------------- 
Name: Michael Barrist  ----------------------------------  Title: Chairman,
President and CEO  ----------------------------------   THE COMPANY RMH
TELESERVICES, INC.    By: /s/ John Fellows 
----------------------------------  Name: John Fellows 
----------------------------------  Title: President and CEO 
----------------------------------       41    ANNEX I   DEFINED
TERMS   Antitrust Division: as defined in Section 6.3(a).   BCL: as
defined in Section 1.1(a).   Certificate of Merger: as defined in Section
1.5.   Certificates: as defined in Section 2.5(b).   Closing: as defined
in Section 8.1.   Closing Date: as defined in Section 8.1.   Code: as
defined in the second recital of this Agreement.   Common Stock: as defined
in Section 2.1(a).   Company: as defined in the first paragraph of this
Agreement.   Company Acquisition Agreement: as defined in Section
6.8(a).   Company Disclosure Letter: as defined in the first paragraph
of Article III.   Company Leases: as defined in Section 3.12(b).  
Company Leased Real Property: as defined in Section 3.12(a).   Company
Material Adverse Effect: means a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the
Company or any Company Subsidiary.   Company Option Plan: as defined in
Section 2.6.   Company Owned Real Property: as defined in Section
3.12(a).   Company Preferred Stock: as defined in Section 3.2(a).  
Company SEC Filings: means all SEC filings of forms, reports and documents
made by the Company since September 30, 2001 including all exhibits thereto
(whether actually filed with such filings or incorporated by
reference therein) such Company SEC Filings.   Company Shareholder Meeting:
the annual or special meeting of the shareholders of the Company to be held
to vote on the approval of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby.    1    Company Subsidiary: means any corporation of which the
outstanding securities having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of
the board of directors are directly or indirectly owned by the Company or any
limited partnership of which the Company or any Company Subsidiary is the
general partner or the ownership of 50% or more of a limited partnership
interest.   Company Superior Proposal: as defined in Section 6.8(b).  
Company Takeover Event: as defined in Section 6.8(a).   Company Takeover
Proposal: as defined in Section 6.8(a).   Confidentiality Agreement: as
defined in Section 6.2(c).   Effective Time: as defined in Section 1.5.  
Employee Benefit Plan: means (i) any employee benefit plan, as defined in
Section 3(3) of ERISA, and (ii) any other plan, trust agreement
or arrangement for any bonus, severance, hospitalization, vacation, incentive
or deferred compensation, pension or profit-sharing, retirement, payroll
savings, stock option, equity compensation, group insurance, death benefit,
fringe benefit, welfare or any other employee benefit plan or fringe
benefit arrangement of any nature whatsoever, including those benefiting
retirees or former employees.   ERISA: as defined in Section 3.13(b).  
Exchange Act: as defined in Section 3.4.   Exchange Agent: as defined in
Section 2.5(a).   Exchange Fund: as defined in Section 2.5(a).   Exchange
Ratio: as defined in Section 2.1(a)   Financial Statements: as defined in
Section 3.5(b).   FTC: the Federal Trade Commission.   GAAP: shall mean
generally accepted accounting principles under current United States
accounting rules and regulations, consistently applied throughout the periods
covered. In no event shall the consistent application of the historical
accounting policies used by the Company have priority over GAAP, regardless
of materiality.   HSR Act: as defined in Section 3.4.   Indemnified
Parties: as defined in Section 6.9(a).     2    Interested Shareholder:
as defined in Section 3.3 (and Section 25F of the BCL ).   Intellectual
Property: as defined in Section 3.18(a).   to the knowledge of the Company:
or similar phrases shall mean that none of the officers of the Company listed
on Schedule I to this Annex I has any actual knowledge or implied knowledge
that the statement made is incorrect. For this purpose, "implied knowledge"
means all information that any of the directors or listed officers of any of
the Company should reasonably be expected to have actual knowledge of in the
course of operating and managing the business and affairs of the Company and
Company Subsidiaries.   Liens: as defined in Section 3.1.   Material
Adverse Effect: an event, occurrence, violation, inaccuracy, circumstance or
other matter will be deemed to have a "Material Adverse Effect" on the entity
or an entity subsidiaries if such event, occurrence, violation, inaccuracy,
circumstance or other matter (considered alone or together with any other
matter or matters) had or could reasonably be expected to have a
material adverse effect on (i) the business, condition (financial or
otherwise), capitalization, assets, liabilities, operations, revenues,
results of operations, cash flows, financial performance or prospects of the
entity or any entity subsidiary, or (ii) the ability of an entity to
consummate the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement or to perform any of its obligations under the Merger
Agreement; provided, however, that in determining whether there has been a
Material Adverse Effect, (a) any adverse effects directly resulting from or
directly attributable to general economic conditions or general conditions in
the industry in which the entity and entity subsidiaries do business which
conditions do not affect the entity and any entity subsidiaries in a
materially disproportionate manner; (b) any change in the market price or
trading volume of the Company\'s stock after the date hereof; (c) any adverse
change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or development resulting
from or relating to compliance with the terms of, or the taking of any action
required by, this Agreement; or (d) with respect to the Company only,
the taking of any action by the Parent or any of the Parent\'s Subsidiaries,
or the taking of any action approved or consented to by the Parent Acquiror
shall be disregarded.   Merger: as defined in the first recital of this
Agreement.   Merger Consideration: as defined in Section 2.1(a).  
Options: as defined in Section 2.6.   Parent: as defined in the first
paragraph of this Agreement.   Parent Common Stock: as defined in Section
2.1(a).   Parent Common Stock Value: means the mean average of the closing
sale prices for Parent Common Stock as quoted in the Nasdaq National Market
System, as reported by The Wall Street Journal, for the twenty business day
period ending on the second business day immediately preceding the Closing
Date.     3    Parent Disclosure Letter: as defined in the first
paragraph of Article IV.   Parent Financial Statements: as defined in
Section 4.5(b).   Parent 2002-2003 Financial Statements: as defined in
Section 4.5(b).   Parent Material Adverse Effect: means a Material Adverse
Effect with respect to the Parent or any Parent Subsidiary.   Parent SEC
Filings: as defined in Section 4.5(a).   Parent Subsidiary: means any
corporation of which the outstanding securities having ordinary voting power
to elect a majority of the board of directors are directly or indirectly
owned by Parent.   Person: any natural person, firm, partnership,
association, corporation, company, trust, business trust, governmental
authority or other entity.   Proxy Statement/Prospectus: as defined in
Section 6.1.   Purchaser: as defined in the first paragraph of this
Agreement.   Purchaser Common Stock: as defined in Section 2.4.   S-4
Registration Statement: as defined in Section 6.1.   Securities Act: as
defined in Section 3.4.   SEC: as defined in Section 3.5(a).   Shares: as
defined in Section 2.1(a).   Surviving Corporation: as defined in Section
1.1(a).   Surviving Corporation Common Stock: as defined in Section 2.4.  
Tax or Taxes: as defined in Section 3.9.   WARN Act: as defined in Section
3.17.   Warrants: as defined in Section 2.7.    4    AGREEMENT AND
PLAN OF MERGER    TABLE OF CONTENTS  Page   ARTICLE I THE
MERGER........................................................1   1.1. The
Merger.................................................1   1.2. Articles of
Incorporation..................................1   1.3. By-
Laws....................................................2   1.4. Directors
and Officers.....................................2   1.5. Effective
Time.............................................2   ARTICLE II CONVERSION
OF SHARES.............................................2   2.1. Company
Common Stock.......................................2   2.2. Fractional
Interests.......................................3   2.3. Anti-Dilution
Provisions...................................3   2.4. Purchaser Common
Stock.....................................3   2.5. Exchange of
Shares.........................................3   2.6. Employee Stock
Options.....................................5   2.7.
Warrants...................................................5   ARTICLE III
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY...................6   3.1.
Organization...............................................6   3.2.
Capitalization.............................................6   3.3.
Authorization of this Agreement............................7   3.4. Consents
and Approvals; No Violation.......................8   3.5. Financial
Statements and Reports...........................8   3.6. Absence of
Material Adverse Change.........................9   3.7. Information in
Proxy Statement/Prospectus, Registration  Statement and HSR
Filings..................................9   3.8. Undisclosed
Liabilities...................................10   3.9.
Taxes.....................................................10   3.10.
Litigation................................................11    i   
3.11. Compliance with Laws......................................11   3.12.
Real and Personal Property; Assets........................11   3.13.
Employment Agreements and Benefits, etc...................12   3.14. Opinion
of Financial Advisor..............................13   3.15. Finders and
Brokers.......................................13   3.16. Certain Contracts
and Arrangements........................13   3.17. Employee
Relations........................................14   3.18. Intellectual
Property; Software...........................14   3.19. Environmental
Matters.....................................15   3.20. Related Party and
Affiliate Transactions..................15   3.21.
Insurance.................................................15   3.22.
Questionable Payments.....................................15   3.23.
Disclosure................................................16   ARTICLE IV
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE PARENT  AND THE
PURCHASER..................................................16   4.1.
Organization..............................................16   4.2.
Capitalization............................................16   4.3.
Authorization of this Agreement...........................17   4.4. Consents
and Approvals; No Violation......................17   4.5. Financial
Statements and Reports..........................18   4.6. Absence of
Material Adverse Change........................18   4.7. Information in
Proxy Statement/Prospectus, Registration  Statement and HSR
Filings.................................19   4.8. Undisclosed
Liabilities...................................19   4.9.
Taxes.....................................................19   4.10.
Litigation................................................19   4.11.
Compliance with Laws......................................20   4.12. Finders
and Investment Bankers............................20   4.13.
Disclosure................................................20   
ii   ARTICLE V CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING THE
MERGER...........................20   5.1. Conduct of the Business of the
Company....................20   5.2. Conduct of the Business of Parent and
the Purchaser.......22   5.3. SEC
Filings...............................................22   ARTICLE VI
ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS...........................................23   6.1.
Proxy Statement/Prospectus; S-4 Registration Statement....23   6.2. Access
to Information.....................................24   6.3.
Consents..................................................24   6.4. Board
Actions; Company Shareholder Meeting................25   6.5. Commercially
Reasonable Efforts...........................26   6.6. Public
Announcements......................................26   6.7. Consent of the
Parent.....................................26   6.8. No
Solicitation...........................................26   6.9.
Indemnification...........................................28   6.10.
Employee Benefits.........................................29   6.11. Tax
Covenants.............................................30   6.12. Section
16b-3.............................................30   6.13. Rule
145..................................................30   6.14. Nasdaq
National Market....................................30   ARTICLE VII CLOSING
CONDITIONS.............................................30   7.1. Conditions
to the Obligations of the Parent, the  Purchaser and the
Company.................................30   7.2. Conditions to the
Obligations of the Parent and the 
Purchaser.................................................31   7.3.
Conditions to the Obligations of the Company..............32   ARTICLE VIII
CLOSING.......................................................33   8.1. Time
and Place............................................33   8.2. Filings at
the Closing....................................33   ARTICLE IX TERMINATION
AND ABANDONMENT.....................................34   9.1.
Termination...............................................34   9.2.
Procedure and Effect of Termination.......................35   
iii   ARTICLE X
MISCELLANEOUS....................................................36   10.1.
Amendment and Modification................................36   10.2. Waiver
of Compliance; Consents............................36   10.3. Survival of
Warranties....................................37   10.4.
Notices...................................................37   10.5.
Assignment; Parties in Interest...........................38   10.6.
Expenses..................................................38   10.7.
Specific Performance......................................38   10.8.
Governing Law.............................................38   10.9.
Counterparts..............................................39   10.10.
Interpretation............................................39   10.11. Entire
Agreement..........................................39   10.12.
Severability..............................................39   10.13.
Jurisdiction and Process..................................39   10.14.
Interpretation of Representations; Disclosure Letters.....39   10.15.
Reliance by Parent and Purchaser..........................40   10.16. Tax
Disclosure............................................40    
iv      ANNEX I: Defined Terms ANNEX II: Forms of Voting
Agreements ANNEX IIA: List of Shareholders signing Voting Agreement ANNEX
III: Form of Parent Tax Certificate ANNEX IV: Form of Company Tax
Certificate ANNEX V: Form of Tax Opinion from Parent\'s Counsel ANNEX VI:
Form of Tax Opinion from Company\'s
Counsel                    
v      ================================================================================                
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   AMONG   NCO GROUP, INC.,   NCOG
ACQUISITION CORPORATION   AND   RMH TELESERVICES, INC.     Dated as of
November 18,
2003              ================================================================================     '

