 EXHIBIT 2.07     EXHIBIT 2.07  
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   BY AND AMONG   RAINDANCE COMMUNICATIONS,
INC.,   WEST CORPORATION   AND   ROCKIES ACQUISITION CORPORATION  
DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 6, 2006     TABLE OF CONTENTS     PAGE  ---- 
~~  Parties 1 Preamble 1 ARTICLE 1 -- TRANSACTIONS AND TERMS OF
MERGER............................................. 1  1.1
Merger......................................................................
1  1.2 Time and Place of
Closing................................................... 1  1.3 Effective
Time.............................................................. 1  1.4
Effect on Raindance Common Stock............................................
1  1.5 West Common Stock and Merger Sub Common
Stock............................... 2  1.6 Raindance Stock Options and Other
Incentive Awards.......................... 2  1.7
Warrants....................................................................
3  1.8 Organizational Documents of Surviving Corporation; Directors and
Officers... 4 ARTICLE 2 --
PAYMENT......................................................................
4  2.1 Exchange
Procedures......................................................... 4  2.2
Rights of Former Raindance Stockholders.....................................
5  2.3 Dissenters\'
Rights.......................................................... 5 ARTICLE 3
-- REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES............................................... 6  3.1 Disclosure
Letters.......................................................... 6  3.2
Standards...................................................................
6  3.3 Representations and Warranties of
Raindance................................. 7  3.4 Representations and
Warranties of West...................................... 18 ARTICLE 4 --
COVENANTS AND ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS..........................................
20  4.1 Conduct of Business Prior to Effective
Time................................. 20  4.2
Forbearances................................................................
20  4.3 State
Filings............................................................... 22 
4.4 Raindance Stockholders
Approval............................................. 22  4.5 Reasonable Best
Efforts..................................................... 23  4.6
Notification of Certain Matters.............................................
24  4.7 Investigation and
Confidentiality........................................... 25  4.8 Press
Releases; Publicity................................................... 25 
4.9 Acquisition
Proposals....................................................... 25  4.10
Takeover Laws...............................................................
27  4.11 Employee Benefits and
Contracts............................................. 27  4.12
Indemnification.............................................................
27  4.13 Director
Resignations....................................................... 29  4.14
Financing...................................................................
29 ARTICLE 5 -- CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO OBLIGATIONS TO
CONSUMMATE............................ 29  5.1 Conditions to Obligations of
Each Party..................................... 29  5.2 Conditions to
Obligations of West........................................... 29  5.3
Conditions to Obligations of Raindance......................................
30 ARTICLE 6 --
TERMINATION..................................................................
31  6.1
Termination.................................................................
31  6.2 Effect of
Termination.......................................................
32       ~~  ARTICLE 7 --
MISCELLANEOUS..............................................................
32  7.1
Definitions...............................................................
32  7.2 Non-Survival of Representations and
Covenants............................. 39  7.3
Expenses..................................................................
39  7.4 Termination
Fee........................................................... 40  7.5 Entire
Agreement.......................................................... 40  7.6
Amendments................................................................
40  7.7
Waivers...................................................................
41  7.8
Assignment................................................................
41  7.9
Notices...................................................................
41  7.10 Governing
Law............................................................. 42  7.11
Counterparts..............................................................
42  7.12
Captions..................................................................
42  7.13
Interpretations...........................................................
42  7.14
Severability..............................................................
42      LIST OF EXHIBITS     EXHIBIT  NUMBER DESCRIPTION ---------
--------------------------------------------------  ~~  A Organizational
Documents of Surviving Corporation  B Officers of Surviving
Corporation     AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN
OF MERGER (this "Agreement") is made and entered into as of February 6, 2006,
by and among Raindance Communications, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Raindance"), West Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("West"), and Rockies
Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary
of West ("Merger Sub").   PREAMBLE   The Boards of Directors of Raindance,
Merger Sub and West have approved this Agreement and the transactions
described herein. This Agreement provides for the acquisition of Raindance by
West pursuant to the merger of Merger Sub with and into Raindance.  
Certain terms used and not otherwise defined in this Agreement are defined in
Section 7.1.   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the above and the mutual
warranties, representations, covenants, and agreements set forth herein, and
intending to be legally bound hereby, the Parties agree as follows:  
ARTICLE 1  TRANSACTIONS AND TERMS OF MERGER   1.1 MERGER. Subject to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, at the Effective Time, Merger Sub
shall be merged with and into Raindance in accordance with the provisions of
Section 251 of the DGCL and with the effect provided in Section 259 of the
DGCL (the "Merger"). Raindance shall be the surviving corporation (the
"Surviving Corporation") resulting from the Merger, shall continue to be
governed by the Laws of the State of Delaware, shall become a wholly owned
subsidiary of West, and the separate corporate existence of Raindance with
all of its rights, privileges, immunities, powers and franchises shall
continue unaffected by Merger.   1.2 TIME AND PLACE OF CLOSING. The closing
of the Merger (the "Closing") shall take place at such time and place as West
and Raindance shall agree, on the date when the Effective Time is to occur
(the "Closing Date"), which shall be no later than the second business day
after satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article 5 (other
than those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the
Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or waiver of such conditions),
unless another time or date, or both, are agreed to in writing by the Parties
hereto.   1.3 EFFECTIVE TIME. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, on the Closing Date, the Parties will cause a certificate of
merger to be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware as
provided in Section 251 of the DGCL (the "Certificate of Merger"). The Merger
shall take effect when the Certificate of Merger becomes effective (the
"Effective Time").   1.4 EFFECT ON RAINDANCE COMMON STOCK.   (a) At the
Effective Time, in each case subject to Section 1.4(d), by virtue of the
Merger and without any action on the part of the Parties or the holder
thereof, each share of Raindance Common Stock that is issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares    of Raindance
Common Stock held by any Party or any Subsidiary of a Party (in each case
other than shares of Raindance Common Stock held on behalf of third parties)
or shares of the Common Stock (the "Dissenting Shares") that are owned by
stockholders properly exercising their appraisal rights pursuant to
Section 262 of the DGCL) shall be converted into the right to receive $2.70
(the "Per Share Purchase Price") in cash, less any applicable withholding
Taxes (the "Merger Consideration").   (b) At the Effective Time, all shares
of Raindance Common Stock shall no longer be outstanding and shall
automatically be cancelled and retired and shall cease to exist as of the
Effective Time, and each certificate or electronic book-entry previously
representing any such shares of Raindance Common Stock (the "Certificates")
shall thereafter represent only the right to the Merger Consideration and any
Dissenting Shares shall thereafter represent only the right to receive
applicable payments as set forth in Section 2.3.   (c) If, prior to the
Effective Time, the outstanding shares of Raindance Common Stock shall have
been increased, decreased, changed into or exchanged for a different number
or kind of shares or securities as a result of a reorganization,
recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, reverse
stock split, or other similar change in capitalization, then an appropriate
and proportionate adjustment shall be made to the Per Share
Purchase Price.   (d) Each share of Raindance Common Stock issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and owned by any of the
Parties or their respective Subsidiaries (in each case other than shares of
Raindance Common Stock held on behalf of third parties) shall, by virtue of
the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, cease to
be outstanding, shall be cancelled and retired without payment of any
consideration therefore and shall cease to exist (together with the
Dissenting Shares, the "Excluded Shares").   1.5 WEST COMMON STOCK AND
MERGER SUB COMMON STOCK.   (a) At and after the Effective Time, each share
of West Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall remain an issued and outstanding share of West Common
Stock and shall not be affected by the Merger.   (b) At the Effective Time,
each share of Merger Sub Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into one share of common stock
of the Surviving Corporation.   1.6 RAINDANCE OPTIONS AND OTHER INCENTIVE
AWARDS.   (a) As of the Effective Time, each Raindance Option then
outstanding shall, subject to Section 1.6(a) of Raindance\'s Disclosure
Letter, become fully vested and exercisable. Each holder of a Raindance
Option shall be given the opportunity to exercise such Raindance Option,
effective as of the Effective Time and contingent upon the Closing, and
thereby to become a stockholder of Raindance entitled to receive the Merger
Consideration in accordance with the provisions hereof. Each Raindance Option
outstanding as of the Effective Time that is not exercised as provided in
this Section 1.6(a) shall be cancelled and the holder thereof shall be
entitled, as of the Effective Time, to receive from the Surviving Corporation
an amount of cash (without interest) equal to the product of (x) the total
number of shares of Raindance Common Stock subject to such Raindance Option
multiplied by (y) the excess, if any, of the amount of the Per Share Purchase
Price over the exercise price per share of Raindance Common Stock under such
Raindance Option (with the aggregate amount of such payment rounded down to
the nearest cent) less applicable Taxes, if any, required to be withheld with
respect to such payment.   -2-   As soon as practicable after the
Effective Time, West shall pay, or shall cause the Surviving Corporation to
pay, the amounts owed pursuant to the cancellation of unexercised Raindance
Options pursuant to this Section 1.6(a).   (b) As of the Effective Time,
each outstanding restricted stock award (including restricted stock awards
subject to Raindance\'s performance-based incentive compensation program)
shall, subject to Section 1.6(b) of Raindance\'s Disclosure Letter, become
fully vested and shall entitle the holder thereof to receive, as soon as
practicable after the Effective Time and in accordance with Section 2.1, an
amount in cash (without interest) equal to the product of the total number of
shares of Raindance Common Stock subject to such restricted stock award,
multiplied by the Per Share Purchase Price, less applicable Taxes, if any,
required to be withheld with respect to such payment.   (c) As full
satisfaction of any and all cash bonus arrangements under Raindance\'s
performance-based incentive compensation program, each individual participant
in such program shall receive from the Surviving Corporation, contingent
upon, and as promptly as practicable after, the Effective Time, an amount
(without interest) determined prior to the Effective Time by the Compensation
Committee of the Board of Directors of Raindance, which amount shall not
exceed the amount set forth opposite the participant\'s respective name in
Section 1.6(c) of Raindance\'s Disclosure Letter, less applicable Taxes, if
any, required to be withheld with respect to such payment. Raindance shall
take all actions necessary to provide that Raindance\'s performance-based
incentive compensation program shall be terminated, without further
obligation of West or the Surviving Corporation, effective as of
the Effective Time. As soon as practicable after the Effective Time, West
shall, or shall cause the Surviving Corporation, to pay the amounts owed
pursuant to this Section 1.6(c).   (d) The compensation committee of the
Board of Directors of Raindance shall make such adjustments and amendments to
or make such determinations with respect to the Raindance Options, restricted
stock units and performance-based incentive awards to implement the foregoing
provisions of this Section 1.6.   (e) Raindance shall take all actions with
respect to the Raindance Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "ESPP") necessary
(a) to provide that the current exercise period scheduled to end on February
15, 2006 (the "Final Exercise Period") shall end on the earlier of (i)
February 15, 2006, or (ii) a date prior to the Effective Time, as provided in
the ESPP, (b) to terminate the ESPP as of the Effective Time, and (c) to
provide that no new exercise periods shall be commenced under the ESPP
following the termination of the Final Exercise Period.   (f) Raindance
shall take such steps as may be reasonably requested by any Party hereto to
cause dispositions of Raindance equity securities (including derivative
securities) pursuant to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement by
each individual who is a director or officer of Raindance to be exempt under
Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the 1934 Act in accordance with that certain No-
Action Letter dated January 12, 1999 issued by the SEC regarding such
matters.   1.7 WARRANTS. West shall pay each holder (each a "Warrantholder")
of a warrant to purchase shares of Raindance Common Stock (each, a
"Raindance Warrant"), upon surrender of such Warrant, an amount in cash
(without interest) equal to the product obtained by multiplying (x) the total
number of shares of Raindance Common Stock issuable upon the exercise in full
of each Raindance Warrant held by such Warrantholder by (y) the excess, if
any, of the amount of the Per Share Purchase Price over the exercise price
per share of Raindance Common Stock under such Raindance Warrant (with the
aggregate amount of such payment rounded down to the nearest cent) less
applicable Taxes, if any,   -3-   required to be withheld with respect to
such payment. No consideration shall be paid for any Raindance Warrant the
exercise price per share of Raindance Common Stock under which exceeds the
Per Share Purchase Price. Any Raindance Warrant not surrendered for
cancellation as provided above shall survive the Merger and shall become a
warrant to receive, upon payment of the exercise price provided for therein,
an amount of cash based on the Per Share Purchase Price in accordance with
the merger adjustment provisions of each such Raindance Warrant.   1.8
ORGANIZATIONAL DOCUMENTS OF SURVIVING CORPORATION; DIRECTORS
AND OFFICERS.   (a) As of the Effective Time, the Organizational Documents
of Raindance shall be amended to read as set forth in Exhibit A hereto and,
as so amended, shall be the Organizational Documents of the Surviving
Corporation until thereafter amended as provided therein or by applicable
Law.   (b) The directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be the directors of the Surviving Corporation as of the
Effective Time, until the earlier of their resignation or removal or
otherwise ceasing to be a director or until their respective successors are
duly elected and qualified, as the case may be.   (c) The persons set forth
on Exhibit B shall be the officers of the Surviving Corporation as of the
Effective Time, until the earlier of their resignation or removal or
otherwise ceasing to be an officer.   ARTICLE 2  PAYMENT   2.1 PAYMENT
PROCEDURES.   (a) At or prior to the Effective Time, West shall deposit, or
shall cause to be deposited, with a paying agent (the "Paying Agent")
appointed by West (with the approval of Raindance), for the benefit of the
holders of the Certificates, for exchange in accordance with Article 1 and
this Article 2, cash sufficient to pay the aggregate Merger Consideration in
exchange (the "Exchange Fund") for outstanding shares of Raindance Common
Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than Excluded
Shares).   (b) As promptly as practicable after the Effective Time, West
shall send or cause to be sent to each former holder of record of shares of
Raindance Common Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time transmittal
materials for use in exchanging such holder\'s Certificates for the Merger
Consideration (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk
of loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only upon proper delivery
of such Certificates to the Paying Agent). Upon the surrender of a
Certificate (or effective affidavit of loss in lieu thereof as provided in
Section 2.1(d)) to the Paying Agent in accordance with the terms of such
letter of transmittal, duly executed, the holder of such Certificate shall be
entitled to receive in exchange therefore a check in the amount (after giving
effect to any required Tax withholdings) of (x) the number of shares of
Raindance Common Stock represented by such Certificate (or effective
affidavit of loss in lieu thereof) multiplied by (y) the Per Share Purchase
Price, and the Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith be cancelled. No
interest will be paid or accrued on any amount payable upon due surrender of
the Certificates. In the event of a transfer of ownership of shares of
Raindance Common Stock that is not registered in the transfer records of  
-4-   Raindance, a check for any cash to be paid upon due surrender of the
Certificate may be paid to such a transferee if the Certificate formerly
representing such shares of Raindance Common Stock is presented to the Paying
Agent, accompanied by all documents required to evidence and effect such
transfer and to evidence that any applicable stock transfer taxes have been
paid or are not applicable.   (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the
Paying Agent nor any Party shall be liable to any former holder of Raindance
Common Stock for any amount properly delivered to a public official pursuant
to applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar Laws.   (d) If any
Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an
affidavit of that fact by the Person claiming such Certificate to be lost,
stolen or destroyed and, if required by the Paying Agent, the posting by such
Person of a bond in such reasonable amount as the Paying Agent may direct as
indemnity against any claim that may be made against it with respect to such
Certificate, West or the Paying Agent shall, in exchange for the shares of
Raindance Common Stock represented by such lost, stolen or destroyed
Certificate, pay or cause to be paid the amounts, if any, deliverable in
respect to the shares of Raindance Common Stock formerly represented by
such Certificate pursuant to this Agreement.   (e) Any portion of the
Exchange Fund that remains unclaimed by the holders of Raindance Common Stock
for 12 months after the Effective Time shall be returned to West. Any holders
of Raindance Common Stock who have not theretofore complied with this Article
2 shall thereafter look only to West for payment of the consideration
deliverable in respect of each share of Raindance Common Stock such holder
holds as determined pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, without any
interest thereon.   2.2 RIGHTS OF FORMER RAINDANCE STOCKHOLDERS. At the
Effective Time, the stock transfer books of Raindance shall be closed as to
holders of Raindance Common Stock and no transfer of Raindance Common Stock
by any such holder shall thereafter be made or recognized. Until surrendered
for exchange in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.1, each
Certificate (other than Certificates representing Excluded Shares) shall from
and after the Effective Time represent for all purposes only the right to
receive the Merger Consideration in exchange therefor.   2.3 DISSENTERS\'
RIGHTS. Any Person who otherwise would be deemed a Dissenting Stockholder
shall not be entitled to receive the applicable Merger Consideration with
respect to the shares of Raindance Common Stock owned by such Person unless
and until such Person shall have failed to perfect or shall have effectively
withdrawn or lost such holder\'s right to dissent from the Merger under the
DGCL. Each Dissenting Stockholder shall be entitled to receive only the
payment provided by Section 262 of the DGCL with respect to shares
of Raindance Common Stock owned by such Dissenting Stockholder. Raindance
shall give West (i) prompt notice of any written demands for appraisal,
attempted withdrawals of such demands, and any other instruments served
pursuant to applicable Law received by Raindance relating to stockholders\'
rights of appraisal and (ii) the opportunity to direct all negotiations and
proceedings with respect to demand for appraisal under the DGCL. Raindance
shall not, except with the prior written consent of West, voluntarily make
any payment with respect to any demands for appraisals of Dissenting Shares,
offer to settle or settle any such demands or approve any withdrawal of any
such demands.   -5-    ARTICLE 3  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES   3.1
DISCLOSURE LETTERS. Prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement,
each Party has delivered to the other Party a letter (as it relates to a
Party, its "Disclosure Letter") setting forth, among other things, items the
disclosure of which is necessary or appropriate either in response to
an express disclosure requirement contained in a provision hereof or as
an exception to one or more of such Party\'s representations or warranties
contained in this Article 3 or to one or more of its covenants contained in
Article 4; provided, that (a) no such item is required to be set forth in a
Party\'s Disclosure Letter as an exception to any representation or warranty
of such Party if its absence would not result in the related representation
or warranty being deemed untrue or incorrect under the standard established
by Section 3.2, and (b) the mere inclusion of an item in a Party\'s
Disclosure Letter as an exception to a representation or warranty shall not
be deemed an admission by such Party that such item represents a material
exception or fact, event or circumstance or that such item is reasonably
likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect with respect to such Party. Any
disclosures made with respect to a subsection of Section 3.3 or 3.4, as
applicable, shall be deemed to qualify (a) any subsections of Section 3.3 or
3.4, as applicable, specifically referenced or cross-referenced and (b) other
subsections of Section 3.3 or 3.4, as applicable, to the extent it is clear
(notwithstanding the absence of a specific cross reference) from a reading of
the disclosure that such disclosure (i) applies to such other subsections and
(ii) contains sufficient detail to enable a reasonable Person to recognize
the relevance of such disclosure to such other subsections.   3.2
STANDARDS. The term "Material Adverse Effect," as used with respect to a
Party, means an effect which (i) in the case of Raindance only, is
materially adverse, or is reasonably likely to be materially adverse, to the
business, financial condition or results of operations of Raindance and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole or (ii) materially impairs, or is reasonably
likely to materially impair, the ability of such Party to consummate the
Merger; provided, that in determining whether a Material Adverse Effect has
occurred or is reasonably likely to occur there shall be excluded any effect
to the extent attributable to or resulting from (A) any changes in Laws or
regulations generally affecting the businesses of such Party, (B) any change
in GAAP generally affecting the businesses of such Party, (C) events,
conditions or trends in economic, business or financial conditions generally
affecting the businesses of such Party, (D) changes in national or
international political or social conditions, including the engagement by the
United States in hostilities, whether or not pursuant to the declaration of a
national emergency or war, or the occurrence of any military or terrorist
attack upon or within the United States, or any of its territories,
possessions or diplomatic or consular offices or upon any military
installation, equipment or personnel of the United States, (E) the effects of
the actions contemplated, permitted or required by this Agreement or that are
taken with the prior informed consent of the other Party in contemplation of
the transactions contemplated hereby or that are not taken because such
actions are prohibited by Section 4.2 and West withheld its Consent to such
actions, (F) the announcement or pendency of this Agreement or any of the
transactions contemplated hereby, (G) the failure to meet internal
or analyst\'s expectations or projections between the date of this Agreement
and the Closing Date (it being understood, however, that the underlying
circumstances giving rise to such failure may be taken into account unless
otherwise excluded pursuant to this paragraph), and (H) any event, condition,
claim, Liability, or potential loss or contingency disclosed on the
Disclosure Schedule; provided further, that in the case of any event,
condition or trend described in clauses (A) through (D) above, the effect
thereof on such Party is not materially different than the effect thereof on
comparable companies.   -6-    3.3 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
RAINDANCE. Subject to and giving effect to Sections 3.1 and 3.2 and except as
set forth in its Disclosure Letter, Raindance hereby represents and warrants
to each of West and Merger Sub:   (a) Organization, Standing, and Power. It
and each of its Subsidiaries is duly organized, validly existing, and (as to
corporations) in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its
formation. It and each of its Subsidiaries has the requisite corporate power
and authority to own, lease, and operate its properties and assets and to
carry on its business as now conducted. It and each of its Subsidiaries is
duly qualified or licensed to do business and in good standing in the States
of the United States and foreign jurisdictions where the character of its
assets or the nature or conduct of its business requires it to be so
qualified or licensed.   (b) Authority; No Breach of Agreement.   (i) It
has the corporate power and authority necessary to  execute, deliver, and
perform its obligations under this Agreement and to  consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby. The execution, delivery,  and performance
of this Agreement, and the consummation of the  transactions contemplated
hereby, have been duly and validly authorized by  all necessary corporate
action (including valid authorization and adoption  of this Agreement by its
duly constituted Board of Directors), subject  only to the Raindance
Stockholder Approval. Subject to the Raindance  Stockholder Approval and
assuming due authorization, execution, and  delivery of this Agreement by
each of West and Merger Sub, this Agreement  represents a legal, valid, and
binding obligation of Raindance enforceable  against it in accordance with
its terms (except in all cases as such  enforceability may be limited by
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,  reorganization, receivership,
conservatorship, moratorium, or similar Laws  affecting the enforcement of
creditors\' rights generally and except that  the availability of the
equitable remedy of specific performance or  injunctive relief is subject to
the discretion of the court before which  any proceeding may be brought).  
(ii) As of the date hereof, its Board of Directors has (A) by  the
affirmative vote of all directors voting, duly approved and declared 
advisable this Agreement and the Merger and the other transactions 
contemplated hereby; (B) received the opinion of its financial advisor, 
Citigroup Global Markets, to the effect that the Merger Consideration to  be
received by the holders of Common Stock pursuant to the Merger is fair  from
a financial point of view to the holders of the Common Stock; (C)  determined
that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby  are advisable
and in the best interests of the holders of Raindance Common  Stock; (D)
resolved to recommend adoption of this Agreement, the Merger  and the other
transactions contemplated hereby to the holders of shares of  Raindance
Common Stock (such recommendations being the "Directors\'  Recommendation");
and (E) directed that this Agreement be submitted to the  holders of shares
of Raindance Common Stock for their adoption.   (iii) Neither the execution
and delivery of this Agreement by  it, nor the consummation by it of the
transactions contemplated hereby,  nor compliance by it with any of the
provisions hereof, will (A) conflict  with or result in a breach of any
provision of its Organizational  Documents, or (B) constitute or result in a
Default under, or require any  Consent pursuant to, or result in the creation
of any Lien on any material  assets of it or its Subsidiaries under, any
Contract or Permit of it or  its Subsidiaries that is filed as an exhibit to
its SEC Reports or that is  listed in Section 3.3(l) of its Disclosure Letter
or that is otherwise  material to its, and its Subsidiaries\' business, taken
as a whole, or (C)  subject to receipt of the Required Consents and  
-7-    the expiration of any waiting period required by Law, violate any
Law or  Order applicable to it or its Subsidiaries or any of their
respective  material assets.   (iv) Other than in connection or compliance
with the   provisions of the Securities Laws, and other than (A) the
expiration or  termination of the required waiting period under the HSR Act,
(B) notices  to or filings with the Internal Revenue Service or the Pension
Benefit  Guaranty Corporation or both with respect to any Benefit Plans, and
(C) as  set forth in Section 3.3(b)(iv)(C) of its Disclosure Letter, no
notice to,  filing with, or Consent of, any Governmental Authority is
necessary in  connection with the execution, delivery or performance of this
Agreement  and the consummation by it of the Merger and the other
transactions  contemplated by this Agreement.   (c) Capital Stock. Its
authorized capital stock consists of (i) 130,000,000 shares of Raindance
Common Stock, of which, as of the date of this Agreement, 55,278,749 shares
were issued and outstanding, and no shares were held by Raindance in its
treasury, and (ii) 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $.0015 per
share, none of which are issued or outstanding. Except as set forth in this
Section 3.3(c), as of the date of this Agreement, there are no shares of
Raindance Common Stock or other equity securities of Raindance outstanding
and no outstanding Rights relating to the Raindance Common Stock, and no
Person has any Contract or any right or privilege (whether pre-emptive or
contractual) capable of becoming a Contract or Right for the purchase,
subscription or issuance of any securities of Raindance. All of
the outstanding shares of Raindance Common Stock are duly and validly issued
and outstanding and are fully paid and nonassessable. None of the outstanding
shares of Raindance Common Stock has been issued in violation of any
preemptive or contractual rights of the current or past shareholders of
Raindance. Section 3.3(c) of the Disclosure Letter sets forth the name and
jurisdiction of organization of any and all Persons (other than the
Subsidiaries) of which Raindance directly or indirectly owns an equity
interest (including the number and type of equity interests or securities),
or an interest convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for an equity
interest; all such interests are owned beneficially and of record by
Raindance, free and clear of all Liens. Raindance has no Subsidiaries.  
(d) SEC Filings; Financial Statements.   (i) It has filed and made available
to each of West and Merger  Sub all SEC Reports required to be filed by it
with the SEC since December  31, 2000 (collectively, its "SEC Reports"). With
respect to SEC Reports  filed prior to the date of this Agreement, such SEC
Reports (A) at the  time filed, complied in all material respects with the
applicable  requirements of the Securities Laws, and (B) did not at the time
they were  filed (or if amended or superseded by another SEC Report filed
prior to  the date of this Agreement, then on the date of such filing)
contain any  untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact  required to be stated in such SEC Reports or necessary in order to
make  the statements in such SEC Reports, in light of the circumstances
under  which they were made, not misleading. With respect to SEC Reports
filed  after the date of this Agreement, such SEC Reports (A) will at the
time  filed comply in all material respects with the applicable requirements
of  the Securities Laws, and (B) will not, at the time they were filed (or
if  amended or superseded by another SEC Report filed after the date of
this  Agreement, then on the date of such filing), contain any untrue
statement  of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be
stated  in such SEC Reports or necessary in order to make the statements in
such  SEC Reports, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not  misleading.   -8-    (ii) Each of its Financial Statements
(including the notes and  schedules thereto) contained in its SEC Reports
(including any SEC Reports  filed after the date of this Agreement) complied
(or will comply) as to  form in all material respects with the applicable
requirements of the  Securities Laws with respect thereto, fairly presented
(or will fairly  present) the consolidated financial position of it and its
subsidiaries as  at the respective dates and the consolidated results of its
operations and  its cash flows for the periods indicated, in each case in
accordance with  GAAP consistently applied during the periods indicated,
except in each  case as may be noted therein, and subject to normal year-end
audit  adjustments and as permitted by Form 10-Q in the case of unaudited 
Financial Statements.   (iii) Raindance has made available to West a
complete and  correct copy of any material amendments or modifications that
are required  to be, but have not yet been as of the date of this Agreement,
filed with  the SEC to (i) agreements that previously have been filed by
Raindance and  (ii) the SEC Reports. Raindance has responded to all comment
letters of  the SEC Staff received as of the date hereof relating to the SEC
Reports,  and prior to the date hereof the SEC Staff has not advised
Raindance that  any final responses are inadequate, insufficient or
otherwise  non-responsive. Raindance has made available to West correct and
complete  copies of all correspondence between the SEC and Raindance (or
any  Raindance Subsidiary) between December 31, 2002 and the date of this 
Agreement and will, promptly following the receipt thereof, provide to  West
any such correspondence sent or received after the date hereof. To  the
Knowledge of Raindance, no SEC Report filed before the date hereof is,  as of
the date hereof, the subject of ongoing SEC review or outstanding  SEC
comment.   (iv) Raindance has been and is in compliance in all material 
respects with (i) the applicable listing and corporate governance rules  and
regulations of Nasdaq and (ii) the applicable provisions of the  Sarbanes-
Oxley Act of 2002 and related rules and regulations promulgated  thereunder
(the "Sarbanes-Oxley Act") since the enactment of the  Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
Raindance maintains internal accounting controls that  comply with Section
13(b)(2)(B) of the 1934 Act. Raindance maintains  disclosure controls and
procedures that comply with Rule 13a-15(e) of the  1934 Act.   (v) Based on
its most recent evaluation of its internal  controls processes prior to the
date of this Agreement, (A) Raindance has  not identified any significant
deficiencies or material weaknesses (each  as defined in the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board\'s Auditing  Standard No. 2) in the design or
operation of its internal control over  financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect  Raindance\'s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial  information, and (B) with respect to
Raindance, there has been no fraud,  whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who  have a significant role in its internal
control over financial reporting.  Raindance has not received prior to the
date hereof any complaint,  allegation, assertion or claim regarding its
internal accounting controls  or auditing matters that have been reported
pursuant to the  "whistleblower" policy adopted by Raindance\'s Audit
Committee. Raindance  has no reason to believe that its auditors and its
chief executive officer  and chief financial officer will not be able to give
the certifications  and attestations required pursuant to Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley  Act.   (vi) There are no outstanding loans made by
Raindance or any  of its Subsidiaries in violation of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act.   (e) Liabilities. As of date this Agreement, neither Raindance
nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liabilities or obligations of a nature
and magnitude required to be reflected on a   -9-   consolidated balance
of Raindance prepared in accordance with GAAP (or the notes to such balance
sheet), other than liabilities and obligations (a) set forth in Raindance\'s
consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2005 included in the SEC
Reports (or in the notes thereto), (b) incurred in the ordinary course
of business since September 30, 2005, or (c) incurred in connection with
the Merger.   (f) Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Between December
31, 2004 and the date hereof, except as disclosed in its SEC Reports filed
after that date and prior to the date of this Agreement, (i) it and each of
its Subsidiaries has conducted its business in all material respects in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, (ii) neither it
nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken action which, if taken after September
30, 2005 and prior to the date hereof without the Consent of West, would
constitute a breach of Section 4.1 or 4.2 of this Agreement, (iii) there have
been no events, changes, or occurrences which have had, or are reasonably
likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect
on it, and (iv) there has been no material damage, destruction or loss
(whether or not covered by insurance) to any material assets of Raindance or
any of its Subsidiaries other than in the ordinary course of business.  
(g) Tax Matters.   (i) All Taxes of it and each of its Subsidiaries that are
or  were due or payable (whether or not shown on any Tax Return) have been 
fully and timely paid. It and each of its Subsidiaries has timely filed  all
Tax Returns in all jurisdictions in which Tax Returns are required to  have
been filed by it or on its behalf, and each such Tax Return is  complete and
accurate in all material respects. Neither it nor any of its  Subsidiaries is
the beneficiary of any extension of time within which to  file any Tax
Return. There have been no examinations or audits of any Tax  Return by any
Taxing Authority. It and each of its Subsidiaries has made  available to West
true and correct copies of the United States federal and  state income Tax
Returns filed by it for each of the three most recent  fiscal years ended on
or before December 31, 2004. No claim has ever been  made by a Taxing
Authority in a jurisdiction where it or any of its  Subsidiaries does not
file a Tax Return that it or any of its Subsidiaries  may be subject to Taxes
by that jurisdiction.   (ii) Neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries has
received any  notice of assessment or proposed assessment in connection with
any Tax,  and there is no threatened or pending dispute, action, suit,
proceeding,  claim, investigation, audit, examination, or other Litigation
regarding  any Tax of it, any of its Subsidiaries or the assets of it or any
of its  Subsidiaries. There are no agreements, waivers or other
arrangements  providing for an extension of time with respect to the
assessment of any  Tax or deficiency against it or any of its Subsidiaries,
and neither it  nor any of its Subsidiaries has waived or extended the
applicable statute  of limitations for the assessment or collection of any
Tax or agreed to a  Tax assessment or deficiency.   (iii) Neither it nor
any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a  Tax allocation, sharing,
indemnification or similar agreement or any  agreement pursuant to which it
has any obligation to any Person with  respect to Taxes, and neither it nor
any of its Subsidiaries has been a  member of an affiliated group filing a
consolidated federal or state  income Tax Return or any combined, affiliated
or unitary group for any Tax  purpose (other than the group of which it is
currently a member), and  neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries has any Tax
liability under  Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 or any similar
provision of state,  local or foreign law, or as a transferee or successor,
by contract or  otherwise.   -10-    (iv) The proper and accurate
amounts of Tax have been withheld  by it and each of its Subsidiaries and
timely paid to the appropriate  Taxing Authority for all periods through the
Effective Time in compliance  with all Tax withholding provisions of all
applicable federal, state,  local and foreign Laws, rules and regulations,
including Taxes required to  have been withheld and paid in connection with
amounts paid or owing to  any employee or independent contractor, and Taxes
required to be withheld  and paid pursuant to Sections 1441 and 1442 of the
Internal Revenue Code  or similar provisions under state or foreign Law.  
(v) Neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries has been a party to  any
distribution occurring during the five-year period ending on the date  hereof
in which the parties to such distribution treated the distribution  as one to
which Section 355 of the Internal Revenue Code applied. No Liens  for Taxes
exist with respect to any assets of it or any of its  Subsidiaries, except
for statutory Liens for Taxes not yet due and  payable.   (vi) Neither it
nor any of its Subsidiaries is a controlled  foreign corporation within the
meaning of the Internal Revenue Code. It  and each of its Subsidiaries has
complied with all of the income inclusion  and Tax reporting provisions of
the U.S. anti-deferral Tax regimes,  including the controlled foreign
corporation, passive foreign investment  company and foreign personal holding
company regimes.   (vii) Neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries has made
any  payments, is obligated to make any payments, or is a party to any
contract  that could obligate it to make any payments that could be
disallowed as a  deduction under Section 280G or 162(m) of the Internal
Revenue Code or any  comparable provision of state Tax Law.   (viii)
Neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries is or has ever  been a United States
real property holding corporation within the meaning  of Internal Revenue
Code Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii) or any comparable  provision of state Tax Law.
Neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries has  been or will be required to
include any adjustment in taxable income for  any Tax period (or portion
thereof) pursuant to Section 481 of the  Internal Revenue Code or any
comparable provision under state or foreign  Tax Laws as a result of
transactions or events occurring prior to the  Effective Time.   (ix) The
amount of the accumulated net operating loss  carryovers, unused general
business credits, unused investment credits,  unused foreign credits and
other Tax credits and other Tax losses of it  and each of its Subsidiaries,
calculated as of December 31, 2004, for  state and federal income tax
purposes, is stated in Section 3.3(g)(ix) of  its Disclosure Letter and none
of such net operating losses are capital  losses or, except as disclosed in
Section 3.3(g)(ix) of its Disclosure  Letter, subject to any limitation on
their use under the provisions of  Sections 382 or 269 of the Internal
Revenue Code or analogous provisions  of state Law, or any other provisions
of the Internal Revenue Code or the  Treasury Regulations or analogous
provisions of state Law, other than any  such limitations as may arise as a
result of the consummation of the  transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   (x) It and each of its Subsidiaries has disclosed on its 
federal income Tax Returns any position taken for which substantial 
authority (within the meaning of Internal Revenue Code Section 
6662(d)(2)(B)(i) or comparable provision of state Tax Law) did not exist  at
the time the return was filed. Neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries  has
participated in any reportable transaction, as defined in Treasury 
Regulation Section 1.6011-4(b)(1) or any comparable provision of state Tax 
Law, or a transaction substantially similar to a reportable   -11-   
transaction. Neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any  joint
venture, partnership, or other arrangement or contract which could  be
treated as a partnership for federal income Tax purposes.   (h)
Environmental Matters. To its Knowledge: (i) no methylene chloride or
asbestos is contained in or has been used at or released from its Facilities;
(ii) all Hazardous Materials used by it or stored on its Properties have been
disposed of in accordance with all Environmental Laws; (iii) neither it nor
any of its Subsidiaries is liable as a responsible party under the federal
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act,
as amended ("CERCLA"), or state analog statute, arising out of events
occurring prior to the Effective Time; (iv) there have not been in the past,
and are not now, any Hazardous Materials on, under or migrating to or from
the Facilities or any Property; (v) there have not been in the past, and are
not now, any underground tanks or underground improvements at, on or under
any Property including treatment or storage tanks, sumps, or water, gas or
oil wells; (vi) there are no polychlorinated biphenyls ("PCBs") deposited,
stored, disposed of or located on any Property or Facilities or any equipment
on any Property containing PCBs at levels in excess of 50 parts per million;
(vii) there is no formaldehyde on any Property or in the Facilities, nor any
insulating material containing urea formaldehyde in the Facilities; and
(viii) the Facilities and its and its Subsidiaries\' uses and activities
therein have at all times since it or any of its Subsidiaries commenced use
of the Facilities complied with all Environmental Laws. Neither it nor any of
its Subsidiaries has received any notice (written or, to its Knowledge,
verbal) of any noncompliance of the Facilities or any Property or their past
or present operations with Environmental Laws. No notices, administrative
actions or suits are pending or, to its Knowledge, threatened relating to any
actual or potential violation by it or any of its Subsidiaries of any
Environmental Laws.   (i) Compliance with Permits, Laws and Orders.   (i)
It and each of its Subsidiaries has in effect all Permits  and has made all
filings, applications, and registrations with  Governmental Authorities that
are required for it to own, lease, or  operate its assets and to carry on its
business as now conducted and  Raindance and its Subsidiaries are not in
Default under any Permit  applicable to their respective businesses or
employees conducting their  respective businesses.   (ii) Neither it nor
any of its Subsidiaries is in Default  under any Laws or Orders applicable to
its business or employees  conducting its business.   (iii) Neither it nor
any of its Subsidiaries has received any  notification or communication from
any Governmental Authority since  January 1, 2005 (or prior to such date,
where the matters described in  such notification or communication remain
unresolved), (A) asserting that  it or any of its Subsidiaries is in Default
under any of the Permits, Laws  or Orders which such Governmental Authority
enforces, (B) threatening to  revoke any Permits, or (C) requiring it or any
of its Subsidiaries (x) to  enter into or consent to the issuance of a cease
and desist order, formal  agreement, directive, commitment, or memorandum of
understanding, or (y)  to adopt any resolution of its Board of Directors or
similar undertaking,  which restricts materially the conduct of its business,
or in any material  manner relates to its management in their capacity as
management of  Raindance.   (iv) There (A) is no unresolved violation or
exception by any  Governmental Authority with respect to any report or
statement in its  possession relating to any examinations or inspections of
it or any of its  Subsidiaries, (B) have been no formal or informal inquiries
by, or  disagreements or disputes with, any Governmental Authority with
respect to  its or any of its   -12-    Subsidiaries\' business,
operations, policies or procedures since January  1, 2005 (or after January
1, 2001 and prior to January 1, 2005, where such  inquiry, disagreement or
dispute remains unresolved), and (C) is not any  pending or, to its
Knowledge, threatened adverse investigation or review  by any Governmental
Authority of it or any of its Subsidiaries.   (v) Neither it nor any of its
directors, officers, employees  or Representatives acting on its behalf has
offered, paid, or agreed to  pay any Person, including any Government
Authority, directly or  indirectly, any thing of value for the purpose of, or
with the intent of  obtaining or retaining any business in violation of
applicable Laws,  including (1) using any corporate funds for any unlawful
contribution,  gift, entertainment or other unlawful expense relating to
political  activity, (2) making any direct or indirect unlawful payment to
any  foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate
funds,  (3) violating any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of
1977,  as amended, or (4) making any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence
payment,  kickback or other unlawful payment.   (j) Labor Relations.
Neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries is the subject of any Litigation
asserting that it or any of its Subsidiaries has committed an unfair labor
practice (within the meaning of the National Labor Relations Act or
comparable state Law) or seeking to compel it or any of its Subsidiaries to
bargain with any labor organization as to wages or conditions of employment,
nor is it or any of its Subsidiaries a party to or bound by any collective
bargaining agreement, Contract, or other agreement or understanding with a
labor union or labor organization, nor is there any strike or other
labor dispute involving it pending or, to its Knowledge, threatened, nor, to
its Knowledge, is there any activity involving its or any of its
Subsidiaries\' employees seeking to certify a collective bargaining unit or
engaging in any other organization activity. Except as would not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Raindance, to the Knowledge
of Raindance, Raindance and its Subsidiaries have no direct or indirect
liability with respect to any misclassification of any person as an
independent contractor rather than as an employee, or with respect to any
employee leased from another employer.   (k) Employee Benefit Plans.   (i)
It has disclosed in Section 3.3(k)(i) of its Disclosure  Letter, and has
delivered or made available to West prior to the date of  this Agreement
correct and complete copies of, all of its Benefit Plans  that are in effect
as of the date of this Agreement. Neither it nor any of  its Subsidiaries has
any "obligation to contribute" (as defined in ERISA  Section 4212) to a
"multiemployer plan" (as defined in ERISA Sections  4001(a)(3) and 3(37)(A)).
Each "employee pension benefit plan," as defined  in Section 3(2) of ERISA,
that was ever maintained by it or any of its  Subsidiaries and that was
intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the  Internal Revenue Code, is
disclosed as such in Section 3.3(k)(i) of its  Disclosure Letter.   (ii) It
has delivered or made available to West prior to the  date of this Agreement
correct and complete copies of the following  documents: (A) all trust
agreements or other funding arrangements for its  Benefit Plans that are
currently in effect (including insurance  Contracts), and all amendments
thereto, (B) with respect to any such  Benefit Plans or amendments, the most
recent determination letters, and  all material rulings, material opinion
letters, material information  letters, or material advisory opinions issued
by the Internal Revenue  Service, the United States Department of Labor, or
the Pension Benefit  Guaranty Corporation after December 31, 1994, (C) annual
reports or  returns, audited or unaudited financial statements, actuarial
valuations  and reports, and summary annual reports prepared for any Benefit
Plans  with respect to the most recent plan year, and (D) the most recent
summary  plan descriptions and any material modifications thereto.  
-13-    (iii) All of its Benefit Plans are in compliance with the 
applicable terms of ERISA, the Internal Revenue Code, and any other 
applicable Laws. Each of its ERISA Plans which is intended to be qualified 
under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code has received a favorable 
determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service and, to its 
Knowledge, there are no circumstances likely to result in revocation of  any
such favorable determination letter. Each trust created under any of  its
ERISA Plans has been determined to be exempt from Tax under Section  501(a)
of the Internal Revenue Code and it is not aware of any  circumstance which
will or could reasonably result in revocation of such  exemption. With
respect to each of its Benefit Plans, to its Knowledge, no  event has
occurred which will or could reasonably give rise to a loss of  any intended
Tax consequences under the Internal Revenue Code or to any  Tax under Section
511 of the Internal Revenue Code that is reasonably  likely, individually or
in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse  Effect on it. There is no
pending or, to its Knowledge, threatened  Litigation relating to any of its
ERISA Plans.   (iv) Neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged in
a  transaction with respect to any of its Benefit Plans that, assuming the 
Taxable Period of such transaction expired as of the date of this  Agreement
or the Effective Time, would subject it or any of its  Subsidiaries to a Tax
or penalty imposed by either Section 4975 of the  Internal Revenue Code or
Section 502(i) of ERISA. Neither it nor, to its  Knowledge, any administrator
or fiduciary of any of its Benefit Plans (or  any agent of any of the
foregoing), has engaged in any transaction, or  acted or failed to act in any
manner with respect to any of its Benefit  Plans which could subject it to
any direct or indirect Liability (by  indemnity or otherwise) for breach of
any fiduciary, co-fiduciary, or  other duty under ERISA. No oral or written
representation or communication  with respect to any aspect of its Benefit
Plans has been made to employees  of it or any of its Subsidiaries which is
not in conformity with the  written or otherwise preexisting terms and
provisions of such plans.   (v) Each of its Pension Plans had, as of the
date of its most  recent actuarial valuation, assets measured at fair market
value at least  equal to its "current liability," as that term is defined in
Section  302(d)(7) of ERISA. Since the date of the most recent actuarial
valuation,  no event has occurred which would be reasonably expected to
adversely  change any such funded status in a way that is reasonably likely
to have,  individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on it.
None of  its Pension Plans nor any "single-employer plan," within the meaning
of  Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, currently maintained by it or any of its 
Subsidiaries, or the single-employer plan of any ERISA Affiliate has an 
"accumulated funding deficiency" within the meaning of Section 412 of the 
Internal Revenue Code or Section 302 of ERISA. All required contributions 
with respect to any of its Pension Plans or any single-employer plan of  any
of its ERISA Affiliates have been timely made and there is no lien,  nor is
there expected to be a lien, under Internal Revenue Code Section  412(n) or
ERISA Section 302(f) or Tax under Internal Revenue Code Section  4971.
Neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries has provided, or is required  to
provide, security to any of its Pension Plans or to any single-employer  plan
of any of its ERISA Affiliates pursuant to Section 401(a)(29) of the 
Internal Revenue Code. All premiums required to be paid under ERISA  Section
4006 have been timely paid by it and its Subsidiaries.   (vi) No Liability
under Title IV of ERISA has been or is  expected to be incurred by it or any
of its Subsidiaries with respect to  any defined benefit plan currently or
formerly maintained by any of them  or by any of its ERISA Affiliates that
has not been satisfied in full  (other than Liability for Pension Benefit
Guaranty Corporation premiums,  which have been paid when due).  
-14-    (vii) Neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries has any  obligations
for retiree health and retiree life benefits under any of its  Benefit Plans
other than with respect to benefit coverage mandated by  applicable Law.  
(viii) Except as set forth in Section 1.6 or in Section 4.2(h)  of its
Disclosure Letter, neither the execution and delivery of this  Agreement nor
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby  will, (A) result in
any payment (including severance, golden parachute, or  otherwise) becoming
due to any of its or its Subsidiaries\' directors or  employees from it or
any of its Subsidiaries under any of its Benefit  Plans or otherwise, other
than by operation of Law, (B) increase any  benefits otherwise payable under
any of its Benefit Plans, or (C) result  in any acceleration of the time of
payment or vesting of any such benefit.   (l) Material Contracts.   (i) As
of the date of this Agreement, neither it nor any of  its Subsidiaries, nor
any of their respective assets, businesses, or  operations is a party to, or
is bound or affected by, or receives benefits  under, (i) any employment,
severance, change-in-control, termination,  consulting, or retirement
Contract providing for future aggregate payments  to any Person in any
calendar year in excess of $150,000, (ii) any  Contract relating to the
borrowing of money by it or any of its  Subsidiaries or the guarantee by it
or any of its Subsidiaries of any such  obligation (other than Contracts
pertaining to trade payables incurred in  the ordinary course of business),
(iii) other than pursuant to Raindance  Options, Raindance Warrants, the ESPP
and this Agreement, any Contract for  the sale of any of its capital stock or
equity interests; (iv) other than  pursuant to Raindance Options, Raindance
Warrants, the ESPP and this  Agreement, any Contract that contains a put,
call, right of first refusal  or similar right pursuant to which Raindance or
any of its Subsidiaries  would be required to purchase or sell, as
applicable, any ownership  interests of any Person (v) any Contract
containing covenants that limit  the ability of it or any of its Affiliates
to compete in any line of  business or with any Person, or that involve any
restriction of the  geographic area in which, or method by which, it or any
of its  Subsidiaries or Affiliates may carry on its business (other than as
may be  required by Law or any Governmental Authority), (vi) any Contract
or  series of related Contracts for the purchase of materials, supplies, 
goods, services, equipment or other assets (other than any Contract (A)  that
is terminable without any payment or penalty on not more than 90 days  notice
by it or any of its Subsidiaries or (B) that is otherwise  terminable by it
or any of its Subsidiaries without payment or penalty on  or prior to March
31, 2006 (and thereafter, if not so terminated, is  terminable as specified
in clause (A) (either of the foregoing, a  "Terminable Contract")) that
provides for or is reasonably likely to  require either (x) annual payments
by it or any of its Subsidiaries of  $250,000 or more or (y) aggregate
payments by it or any of its  Subsidiaries of $1,000,000 or more (or with
respect to Contracts with  wholesale telecommunications service providers,
aggregate payments by  Raindance or any of its Subsidiaries of $500,000 or
more) or (vii) any  other Contract or amendment thereto that would be
required to be filed as  an exhibit to any SEC Report (as described in Items
601(b)(4) and  601(b)(10)) that has not been filed as an exhibit to its SEC
Reports filed  prior to the date of this Agreement. With respect to each of
its Contracts  that (i) are filed as an exhibit to any SEC Report, (ii) would
be required  under Items 601(b)(4) and 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K to be
filed as an  exhibit to any of its SEC Reports, or (iii) is disclosed in its
Disclosure  Letter: (u) the Contract is in full force and effect as of the
date  hereof; (v) neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries is in Default 
thereunder; (w) it has not repudiated or waived any material provision of 
any such Contract; (x) no other party to any such Contract is, to its 
Knowledge, in Default in any material respect; and (y) to the Knowledge of 
Raindance, no event has occurred that, with or without notice or lapse of 
time or both, would result in a Default   -15-    in any material respect
under any such Contract. All indebtedness for  money borrowed of it and its
Subsidiaries is prepayable without penalty or  premium.   (ii) Section
3.3(l)(ii) of its Disclosure Schedule sets forth  its ten largest customers
by consolidated revenues for the 12-month period  ended September 30, 2005
(each a "Large Customer"). Since October 1, 2004,  no Large Customer has
cancelled any Contract with it or any of its  Subsidiaries (or, to its
Knowledge, threatened to do so), and neither it  nor any of its Subsidiaries
has received any written communication or  notice from any Large Customer of
any intention to terminate or materially  reduce the amount of services such
Large Customer obtains from it or its  Subsidiaries.   (m) Legal
Proceedings. As of the date hereof, there is no Litigation pending or, to its
Knowledge, threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries or its or any of
its Subsidiaries\' assets, interests, or rights, nor are there any Orders of
any Governmental Authority or arbitrators outstanding against it or any of
its Subsidiaries. Except as has not had or would not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect on Raindance, (i) to the Knowledge
of Raindance, no officer or director of Raindance or any of its Subsidiaries
is a defendant in any suit, claim, action, proceeding, arbitration or
investigation in connection with his or her status as an officer or director
of Raindance or any of its Subsidiaries and (ii) there are no SEC or other
governmental inquiries or, to the Knowledge of Raindance, investigations or
internal investigations regarding any accounting practices of Raindance or
any of its Subsidiaries or any malfeasance by any executive officer of
Raindance.   (n) Properties. Neither Raindance nor any Subsidiary owns any
real property. Section 3.3(n) of the Disclosure Letter contains a true and
complete list of all real property leased, subleased, licensed or otherwise
occupied (whether as tenant, subtenant or pursuant to other occupancy
arrangements) by Raindance or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with
which Raindance or such Subsidiary pays for the occupancy of such real
property in excess of $50,000 annually (collectively, including the
improvements thereon, the "Leased Real Property"), including the street
address thereof. True and complete copies of all agreements related to such
Leased Real Property that have not been terminated or expired as of the date
hereof have been made available to Parent. Except as would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Raindance, Raindance or one of
its Subsidiaries has valid leasehold estates in all Leased Real Property,
free and clear of all Liens.   (o) Insurance Policies. Except as would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Raindance, (i)
all insurance policies maintained by Raindance and its Subsidiaries are in
full force and effect and provide insurance in such amounts and against such
risks as the management of Raindance reasonably has determined to be prudent
in accordance with industry practices or as is required by law or regulation,
and all premiums due and payable thereon have been paid; and (ii) neither
Raindance nor any Subsidiary is in material Default of any of the insurance
policies, and neither Raindance nor any Subsidiary has taken any action or
failed to take any action which, with notice or the lapse of time, would
constitute such a Default or permit termination or material modification of
any of the insurance policies. Raindance has not received any material notice
of termination or cancellation or denial of coverage with respect to any of
the insurance policies.   (p) Affiliate Transactions. There are no material
transactions, agreements, arrangements or understandings in effect as of the
date of this Agreement between (i) Raindance or any of its Subsidiaries, on
the one hand, and (ii) any Affiliate of Raindance (other than any of its
Subsidiaries), on the other hand, of the type that would be required to be
disclosed under Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act which
have not been so disclosed.   -16-    (q) Investment Company Act.
Raindance is not currently, nor has it ever been, an "investment company" as
defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.   (r) Government
Contracts.   (i) With respect to each Government Contract, except as would 
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Raindance, 
(A) all representations and certifications executed, acknowledged or set 
forth in or pertaining to such Governmental Contract were complete and 
correct in all material respects as of their effective date, and Raindance 
and each of its Subsidiaries have complied in all material respects with  all
such representations and certifications; (B) since January 1, 2005,  neither
the United States Government nor any prime contractor,  subcontractor or
other Person has notified Raindance or any of its  Subsidiaries in writing
that Raindance or any such Subsidiary has breached  or violated any material
certification, representation, clause, provision  or requirement, pertaining
to such Government Contract; and (C) no  termination for convenience,
termination for Default, cure notice or show  cause notice is in effect as of
the date hereof pertaining to any  Government Contract.   (ii) Except as
would not reasonably be expected to have a  Material Adverse Effect on
Raindance, (A) to the Knowledge of Raindance,  neither Raindance nor any of
its Subsidiaries nor any of their respective  personnel have been under
administrative, civil or criminal investigation,  or indictment or audit by
any Governmental Authority with respect to any  alleged irregularity,
misstatement or omission arising under or relating  to any Government
Contract; (B) neither Raindance nor any of its  Subsidiaries has conducted or
initiated any internal investigation or made  a voluntary disclosure to the
United States Government with respect to any  alleged irregularity,
misstatement or omission arising under or relating  to a Government Contract;
and (C) neither Raindance nor any of its  Subsidiaries nor, to the Knowledge
of Raindance, any of their respective  personnel have been suspended or
debarred from doing business with the  United States Government or is, or at
any time has been, the subject of a  finding of nonresponsibility or
ineligibility for United States Government  contracting.   (s) Intellectual
Property.   (i) It and each of its Subsidiaries owns, or is licensed or 
otherwise possesses legally enforceable and unencumbered rights to use,  all
Intellectual Property (including the Technology Systems) that is used  by it
or its Subsidiaries in its or its Subsidiaries\' business as  currently
conducted. Neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries has (A)  licensed to any
Person any Intellectual Property owned by it or any of its  Subsidiaries
except for licenses granted pursuant to source code escrow  provisions under
Contracts identified in Section 3.3(s)(i) of its  Disclosure Letter and
except for non-exclusive licenses granted to  customers of Raindance in the
ordinary course of its business, or (B)  entered into any exclusive
agreements relating to Intellectual Property  owned by it or its
Subsidiaries.   (ii) Section 3.3(s)(ii) of the its Disclosure Letter lists
all  patents and patent applications, all registered trademarks and 
applications therefor, trade names and service marks and applications 
therefor, registered copyrights and applications therefor, domain names,  web
sites, and mask works owned by or licensed to it or its Subsidiaries  as of
the date of this Agreement, including the jurisdictions in which  each such
Intellectual Property right has been issued or registered or in  which any
application for such issuance and registration has been filed,  but excluding
any (A) non-exclusive licenses generally available to the  public for an
acquisition   -17-    cost of less than $15,000 per year, (B) "shrink
wrap" or "click wrap"  licenses, or licenses for commercial off-the-shelf
software, and (C)  licenses of Intellectual Property used for internal
purposes only and not  integrated into or distributed with Raindance\'s
products or services  offered to its customers. No royalties or other
continuing payment  obligations are due in respect of any third-party
patents, trademarks or  copyrights, including software.   (iii) All
patents, registered trademarks, tradenames, service  marks and copyrights
held by it and its Subsidiaries are, to its  Knowledge, valid and subsisting.
Since January 1, 2002, neither it nor any  of its Subsidiaries (A) has been
sued in any Litigation which involves a  claim of infringement of any
patents, trademarks, tradenames, service  marks, copyrights or violation of
any trade secret or other proprietary  right of any third party or (B) has
brought any Litigation for  infringement of its Intellectual Property or
breach of any license or  other Contract involving its Intellectual Property
against any third  party.   (t) State Takeover Laws. It has taken all
action required to be taken by it in order to exempt this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby from, and this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby are exempt from, the requirements of any
"moratorium," "control share," "fair price," "affiliate transaction," "anti-
greenmail," "business combination" or other anti-takeover Laws of any
jurisdiction, including Section 203 of the DGCL (collectively, "Takeover
Laws"). It has taken all action required to be taken by it in order to make
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby comply with, and this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby do comply with, the
requirements of any provisions of its Organizational Documents concerning
"business combination," "fair price," "voting requirement," "constituency
requirement" or other related provisions.   (u) Brokers and Finders. Except
for Citigroup Global Markets, neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any
of their respective directors, officers, employees or Representatives, has
employed any broker or finder or incurred any Liability for any financial
advisory fees, investment bankers\' fees, brokerage fees, commissions, or
finders\' fees in connection with this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby.   3.4 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF WEST. Subject
to and giving effect to Sections 3.1 and 3.2 and except as set forth in its
Disclosure Letter, West (and Merger Sub, as indicated) hereby represents and
warrants to Raindance that:   (a) Organization, Standing, and Power. Each of
it and Merger Sub is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing
under the Laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated.   (b)
Authority; No Breach of Agreement.   (i) Each of it and Merger Sub has the
corporate power and  authority necessary to execute, deliver, and perform its
obligations under  this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby. The  execution, delivery, and performance of this
Agreement, and the  consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby,
including the  Merger, by each of it and Merger Sub, have been duly and
validly  authorized by all necessary corporate action (including valid 
authorization and adoption of this Agreement by each of its and Merger 
Sub\'s duly constituted Board of Directors). Assuming due authorization, 
execution, and delivery of this Agreement by Raindance, this Agreement 
represents a legal, valid, and binding obligation of each of West and  Merger
Sub, enforceable against each of West and Merger Sub, in   -18-   
accordance with its terms (except in all cases as such enforceability may  be
limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,  receivership,
conservatorship, moratorium, or similar Laws affecting the  enforcement of
creditors\' rights generally and except that the  availability of the
equitable remedy of specific performance or injunctive  relief is subject to
the discretion of the court before which any  proceeding may be brought).  
(ii) Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement by  it or Merger
Sub, nor the consummation by either of them of the  transactions contemplated
hereby, nor compliance by them with any of the  provisions hereof, will (A)
conflict with or result in a breach of any  provision of their respective
Organizational Documents, or (B) constitute  or result in a Default under, or
require any Consent pursuant to, or  result in the creation of any Lien on
any material asset of it or its  Subsidiaries under, any Contract or Permit
of it or its Subsidiaries, or  (C) subject to receipt of the Required
Consents and the expiration of any  waiting period required by Law, violate
any Law or Order applicable to it  or its Subsidiaries or any of their
respective material assets, except in  the cases of clauses (B) and (C) above
that would not reasonably be  expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
West.   (iii) Other than in connection or compliance with the  provisions
of the Securities Laws, and other than (A) the expiration or  termination of
the required waiting period under the HSR Act, (B) notices  to or filings
with the Internal Revenue Service or the Pension Benefit  Guaranty
Corporation or both with respect to any Benefit Plans, (C) as set  forth in
Section 3.4(b)(iii) of its Disclosure Letter, and (D) would not  reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on West, no  notice to, filing
with, or Consent of, any Governmental Authority is  necessary in connection
with the execution, delivery or performance of  this Agreement and the
consummation by it or Merger Sub of the Merger and  the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.   (c) Legal Proceedings. Except as set forth
in West\'s SEC filings, there is no Litigation pending or, to its Knowledge,
threatened against it or Merger Sub, or against any asset, interest, or right
of any of them, nor are there any Orders of any Governmental Authority or
arbitrators outstanding against it or Merger Sub that is reasonably likely to
have a Material Adverse Effect on West.   (d) Available Funds. As of the
Effective Time, it will have available all funds necessary for the payment of
the Merger Consideration and to satisfy all of its and the Surviving
Corporation\'s obligations under Articles 1 and 2 of this Agreement, and it
currently has borrowing availability under its credit facilities sufficient
for the payment of the Merger Consideration and to satisfy all of its and the
Surviving Corporation\'s obligations under Articles 1 and 2 of this
Agreement.   (e) Merger Sub. All of the issued and outstanding capital stock
of Merger Sub is, and at the Effective Time will be, owned by West or a
direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of West. Merger Sub has not
conducted any business prior to the date hereof and has no, and prior to the
Effective Time will have no, assets, liabilities or obligations of any nature
other than those incident to its formation and pursuant to this Agreement and
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (f)
Ownership of Raindance Shares. Neither West nor any of its Affiliates is an
"interested stockholder" (as such term is defined in Section 203 of the DGCL)
of Raindance.   -19-    ARTICLE 4  COVENANTS AND ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS
OF THE PARTIES   4.1 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PRIOR TO EFFECTIVE TIME. During the
period from the date of this Agreement until the earlier of the termination
of this Agreement or the Effective Time, except as expressly contemplated or
permitted by this Agreement or to the extent reasonably necessary to carry
out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or to ensure that
Raindance complies with applicable Laws and pre-existing contractual
obligations or to the extent West shall otherwise Consent in writing (which
Consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), Raindance shall (a)
conduct its business in the ordinary course, and (b) use commercially
reasonable efforts to maintain and preserve intact its business organization,
employees and advantageous business relationships.   4.2 FORBEARANCES.
During the period from the date of this Agreement until the earlier of the
termination of this Agreement or the Effective Time, except as expressly
contemplated or permitted by this Agreement or as otherwise indicated in this
Section 4.2, Raindance shall not, without the prior written Consent of West
(which Consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed):   (a) amend
its Organizational Documents or any indemnity  agreements with its directors
or officers;   (b) (i) adjust, split, combine, subdivide or reclassify any 
capital stock, (ii) make, declare, set aside or pay any dividend, or make 
any other distribution on, or directly or indirectly redeem, purchase or 
otherwise acquire, any shares of its capital stock or any securities or 
obligations convertible (whether currently convertible or convertible only 
after the passage of time or the occurrence of certain events) into or 
exchangeable for any shares of its capital stock, (iii) grant any Rights, 
(iv) except for Permitted Issuances, issue, sell, pledge, dispose of,  grant,
transfer, lease, license, guarantee, encumber, or authorize the  issuance,
sale, pledge, disposition, grant, transfer, lease, license,  guarantee or
encumbrance of, any shares of its capital stock, or (v) make  any change in
any instrument or Contract governing the terms of any of its  securities;  
(c) other than short-term investments in the ordinary course  of business in
connection with its treasury or cash management function or  pursuant to
Contracts in force at the date of or permitted by this  Agreement, make any
investment (either by purchase of stock or securities,  contributions to
capital, property transfers, or purchase of any property  or assets) in any
other Person;   (d) enter into any new line of business, or materially
change  its operating policies that are material to it, except as required
by  applicable Law;   (e) sell, transfer, mortgage, encumber or otherwise
dispose of  any material part of its business or any of its material
properties or  assets to any Person, or otherwise create or incur any
material Lien on  its assets, or cancel, release or assign any indebtedness
of any Person or  any claims against any Person or transfer, agree to
transfer or grant of,  or agree to grant a license to, any of its material
Intellectual Property,  except (i) the sale, transfer or other disposition of
obsolete, worn-out  or unneeded equipment in the ordinary course of business
consistent with  past practice or the grant of non-exclusive out-licenses in
connection  with ordinary revenue transactions, (ii) as security for any
indebtedness  permitted by Section 4.2(f), or (ii) pursuant to Contracts in
force as of  the date of this Agreement and disclosed in Section 4.2(e) of
its  Disclosure Letter;   -20-    (f) incur any material amount of
indebtedness for borrowed  money other than short-term indebtedness incurred
to refinance short-term  indebtedness (it being understood that for purposes
of this Section  4.2(f), "short-term" shall mean maturities of six months or
less) and  other than borrowings pursuant to existing credit facilities or
pursuant  to any modifications, renewals or replacements of such credit
facilities  so long as the maximum aggregate permitted borrowings for such 
modifications, renewals or replacements are not increased and do not 
increase or create any prepayment penalties or premiums, and other than  with
respect to normal course expense reimbursement commitments to  officers,
directors and employees; assume, guarantee, endorse or otherwise  as an
accommodation become responsible for the obligations of any Person;  make any
loan, capital contribution or advance to any Person (other than  travel,
business expense and similar advances to employees in the ordinary  course of
business consistent with past practice); or grant credit to any  customer,
distributor or supplier of it or any of its Subsidiaries on  terms or in
amounts materially more favorable than had been extended to  any such Person
in the past;   (g) amend (except in a manner favorable to Raindance), 
terminate or waive any material provision of any Contract that is filed as 
an exhibit to its SEC Reports or that is listed in Section 3.3(l) of its 
Disclosure Letter or that is otherwise material to its business, other  than
(x) in connection with normal renewals of Contracts without  materially
adverse changes of terms, (y) in connection with the scheduled  expiration of
a Contract\'s term or (z) with respect to Contracts with  customers, any
amendments or waivers of payment provisions in the ordinary  course of
business consistent with past practice in an amount not to  exceed $5,000 in
any one case or $25,000 in the aggregate during any 30  day period;   (h)
other than as required by Benefit Plans and Contracts as  in effect at the
date of this Agreement or as disclosed in Section 4.2(h)  of its Disclosure
Letter, (i) increase in any manner the compensation or  fringe benefits of
any of its officers, employees or directors, (ii) pay  any pension or
retirement allowance not required by any existing Benefit  Plan or Contract
to any such officers, employees or directors, (iii)  become a party to, amend
or commit itself to any Benefit Plan or Contract  (or any individual
Contracts evidencing grants or awards thereunder) or  employment agreement
with or for the benefit of any officer, employee or  director, other than:
(A) standard offer letters in connection with hiring  at-will employees not
otherwise prohibited by Section 4.2(i); and (B)  Contracts in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice  under existing Benefit
Plans to the extent not otherwise prohibited by  this Section 4.2, or (iv)
accelerate the vesting of, or the lapsing of  restrictions with respect to,
Rights pursuant to any Raindance Stock Plan;   (i) hire any employee (i)
other than on an at-will basis or  (ii) with annual compensation (including
base salary and bonus  opportunity) of $200,000 or more;   (j) settle or
compromise any material Litigation, other than  (x) in connection with
enforcing its rights under this Agreement, or (y)  for the routine collection
of bills in the ordinary course of business  consistent with past
practice;   (k) revalue any of its or any of its Subsidiaries\' assets or 
change any method of accounting or accounting practice used by it or any  of
its Subsidiaries (including changes with respect to extending trade 
receivables or making any changes to its or its Subsidiaries\' receivables 
write-off policies or changing its or its Subsidiaries\' payables cycle 
policies), other than changes required by GAAP and other than changes  which
would not have a material impact on Raindance or its Subsidiaries;  
-21-    (l) file or amend any Tax Return except in the ordinary course  of
business; settle or compromise any material Tax Liability; or make,  change
or revoke any material Tax election or change any method of Tax  accounting,
except as required by applicable Law;   (m) merge or consolidate it or any
of its Subsidiaries with  any other Person, except for any such transactions
among its wholly owned  Subsidiaries that are not obligors or guarantors of
third party  indebtedness;   (n) acquire assets or spend or commit to spend
amounts on  capital expenditures in exceess of the amounts set forth in
Section 4.2(n)  of the Disclosure Letter;   (p) enter into any Contract
that would be required to be  listed in Section 3.3(l)(i) of the Disclosure
Letter if entered into prior  to the date hereof; or   (q) agree to take
any of the actions prohibited by this  Section 4.2.   4.3 STATE FILINGS.
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement and prior to
or in connection with the Closing, Raindance and Merger Sub shall execute and
the Parties shall cause to be filed the Certificate of Merger with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.   4.4 RAINDANCE STOCKHOLDER
APPROVAL.   (a) Raindance shall call a meeting of its stockholders to be
held as soon as reasonably practicable for the purpose of obtaining the
Raindance Stockholder Approval and such other matters as the Board of
Directors of Raindance may direct, and shall use its reasonable best efforts
to cause such meeting to occur as soon as reasonably practicable. The Board
of Directors of Raindance shall make the Directors\' Recommendation to its
stockholders and such Directors\' Recommendation shall be included in the
Proxy Statement; provided, that the Raindance Board of Directors may
withdraw, modify, or change in an adverse manner to West its recommendations
and may approve or recommend any Acquisition Proposal or may make any
disclosure that it determines in good faith to be required by any applicable
Law and may omit the Directors\' Recommendation from the Proxy Statement if
the Board of Directors of Raindance concludes in good faith (after
consultation with its outside counsel) that the failure to so withdraw,
modify, or change its recommendations or approve or recommend any Acquisition
Proposal or make any disclosure (or the inclusion of the
Directors\' Recommendation in the Proxy Statement) would violate the
fiduciary duties of Raindance\'s Board of Directors under applicable Law.
Notwithstanding such withdrawal, modification or change of such Directors\'
Recommendation, Raindance shall nevertheless submit this Agreement to its
stockholders for adoption, unless this Agreement has been terminated in
accordance with Section 6.1.   (b) Raindance shall use its reasonable best
efforts to prepare and file, as promptly as practicable after the date of
this Agreement, the proxy statement of Raindance (the "Proxy Statement") with
the SEC and shall promptly notify West of the receipt of all comments of the
SEC with respect to the Proxy Statement or any documents incorporated by
reference therein and of any request by the SEC for any amendment or
supplement thereto or for additional information and shall promptly provide
to West copies of all correspondence between Raindance and/or any of its
directors, officers, employees or Representatives and the SEC with respect to
the Proxy Statement and such incorporated documents. Raindance and West shall
each use its reasonable best efforts to promptly provide responses to the SEC
with respect to all comments received on the Proxy Statement and such
incorporated documents from the SEC and Raindance shall cause the definitive
Proxy Statement to be mailed as promptly as possible after   -22-   the
date the SEC staff advises that it has no further comments thereon or
that Raindance may commence mailing the Proxy Statement. Prior to filing or
mailing the Proxy Statement or filing any other required filings in
connection with the Merger (or, in each case, any amendment or supplement
thereto) or responding to any comments of the SEC with respect thereto,
Raindance shall provide West with a reasonable opportunity to review and
comment on such document or response and shall include in such document or
response comments reasonably proposed by West as long as such reasonable
comments are provided to Raindance promptly (and in any event within two
days) after West receives such documents or response; provided, that nothing
in this Section 4.4(b) shall be deemed to require Raindance to provide West
with any opportunity to review or comment on documents or responses related
to disclosures permitted by Section 4.9(c) or the proviso in the second
sentence of Section 4.4(a).   (c) Each Party shall, upon request by the
other, furnish the other with all information concerning itself, its
Subsidiaries, directors, officers and stockholders and such other matters as
may be reasonably necessary or advisable in connection with the Proxy
Statement or any other statement, filing, notice or application made by or on
behalf of Raindance, West or any of their respective Subsidiaries to any
third party and/or any Governmental Authority in connection with the Merger
and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (d) Raindance agrees,
as to itself and its Subsidiaries, that (i) the Proxy Statement and any
amendment or supplement thereto will comply in all material respects with the
applicable provisions of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations
thereunder and (ii) none of the information supplied by Raindance or any of
its Subsidiaries for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Proxy
Statement will, at the date of mailing to its stockholders or at the time of
the meeting of its stockholders held for the purpose of obtaining the
Raindance Stockholder Approval, contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances in which they are made, not misleading; provided, that no
representation is made by Raindance with respect to statements made therein
based on information supplied in writing by West or Merger Sub specifically
for inclusion in such documents.   (e) West agrees that none of the
information supplied in writing by West or Merger Sub specifically for
inclusion in the Proxy Statement will, at the date of mailing to Raindance
stockholders or at the time of the meeting of the Raindance stockholders held
for the purpose of obtaining the Raindance Stockholder Approval, contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances in which they are made, not
misleading.   4.5 REASONABLE BEST EFFORTS.   (a) Upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, each Party shall use
its reasonable best efforts, at its own cost and expense, to (i) take, or
cause to be taken, all appropriate action, and do, or cause to be done, all
things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable Law or otherwise to
promptly consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, (ii) obtain all Consents of, and give all notices to and make all
filings with, all Governmental Authorities and other third parties that may
be or become necessary for the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby (other
than Consents or notices from or to third parties that are not material to
Raindance) (the "Required Consents"), (iii) lift or rescind any injunction or
restraining order or other Order adversely affecting the ability of the
Parties to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, and (iv) fulfill
all conditions to the obligations of such parties under this Agreement. Each
Party shall cooperate fully with the other Parties in promptly seeking to
obtain all such Consents, giving such notices, and making such filings.  
-23-   Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in this Section 4.5
shall preclude any Party from exercising its rights under this Agreement,
including a Party\'s right to terminate this Agreement in accordance with
Section 6.1.   (b) In furtherance and not in limitation of the terms of
Section 4.5(a), to the extent required by applicable Law, each of West and
Raindance shall file, or cause to be filed, a Notification and Report Form
pursuant to the HSR Act with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby
as promptly as practicable after the date of this Agreement, shall supply
promptly any additional information and documentary material that may be
requested by any Governmental Authority (including the Antitrust Division of
the United States Department of Justice and the United States Federal Trade
Commission) pursuant to the HSR Act, and shall cooperate in connection with
any filing under applicable antitrust Laws and in connection with resolving
any investigation or other inquiry concerning the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement commenced by any Governmental Authority, including the
United States Federal Trade Commission, the Antitrust Division of the United
States Department of Justice, or the office of any state attorney general;
provided, that West shall not be required to Consent to any divestiture or
other structural or conduct relief in order to obtain clearance from any
Governmental Authority. In the event that any legal, administrative, arbitral
or other proceeding, claim, suit or action is instituted (or threatened to be
instituted) by a Governmental Authority or private party challenging any of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or in the event that any
Governmental Authority shall otherwise object to any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, each of West, Merger Sub and Raindance shall
cooperate with each other and use its respective reasonable best efforts: (A)
to vigorously defend, contest and resist any such proceeding, claim, suit,
action or challenge; and (B) to have vacated, lifted, reversed or overturned
any decree, judgment, injunction or other order, whether temporary,
preliminary or permanent, that is in effect and that prohibits, prevents or
restricts consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement.   (c) To the extent permitted by Law, each Party will
promptly furnish to the other Party copies of applications filed with all
Governmental Authorities and copies of written communications received by
such Party from any Governmental Authorities with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereby. Each Party agrees that it will consult with the other
Party with respect to the obtaining of all Required Consents and each Party
will keep the other Party apprised of the status of material matters relating
to completion of the transactions contemplated hereby. Neither Party shall
agree to participate in any substantive meeting or discussion with any
Governmental Authority in respect of any filing, investigation or inquiry
concerning this Agreement or the Merger unless it consults with the other
parties reasonably in advance and, to the extent permitted by such
Governmental Authority, gives the other Party the opportunity to attend and
participate. All documents that the Parties or their respective Subsidiaries
are responsible for filing with any Governmental Authority in connection with
the transactions contemplated hereby (including to obtain Consents of
Governmental Authorities) will comply as to form in all material respects
with the provisions of applicable Law.   4.6 NOTIFICATION OF CERTAIN
MATTERS. Raindance shall give prompt notice to West (and subsequently keep
West informed on a current basis) upon its becoming aware of the occurrence
or existence of any fact, event or circumstance that (a) is reasonably likely
to result in any Material Adverse Effect on Raindance, or (b) is reasonably
likely to cause or constitute a breach of any of its representations,
warranties, covenants, or agreements contained herein such that the
conditions in Section 5.2(a) or 5.2(b) would not be satisfied.
Raindance shall deliver to West a copy of each written opinion of its
financial advisor, Citigroup Global Markets, as soon as reasonably
practicable after Raindance\'s receipt thereof.   -24-    4.7
INVESTIGATION AND CONFIDENTIALITY.   (a) Raindance shall permit West to make
or cause to be made such investigation of the business and Properties of
Raindance and its Subsidiaries and of Raindance\'s financial and legal
conditions as West reasonably requests; provided, that such investigation
shall be reasonably related to the transactions contemplated hereby and shall
not interfere unnecessarily with normal operations; and provided further,
that neither Raindance nor any of their respective Subsidiaries shall be
required to provide access to or to disclose information where such access or
disclosure would jeopardize the attorney-client or other privilege with
respect to such information, contravene any Law, Order, or Contract, or
result in disclosure of any trade secrets of third parties and the Parties
will use their reasonable best efforts to make appropriate substitute
disclosure arrangements, to the extent practicable, in circumstances in which
the restrictions of the preceding sentence apply. Raindance shall
make available to West (i) a copy of each material report, schedule,
registration statement and other document filed (it being agreed that
electronic filing with the SEC is deemed to satisfy the requirements of this
provision (i)) or received by it pursuant to the requirements of the federal
or state securities or Tax laws, and (ii) promptly after delivery to the
Rockies Board (and in no event later than within 15 business days after the
end of each month following the date hereof), an unaudited monthly
consolidated balance sheet of Raindance and its Subsidiaries for the month
then ended and related unaudited consolidated statements of earnings. No
investigation by West shall affect the representations and warranties of
Raindance.   (b) Each Party shall continue to comply with the terms of
the Confidentiality Agreement, including with respect to information
provided pursuant to Section 4.7(a).   4.8 PRESS RELEASES; PUBLICITY. Prior
to the Effective Time, the Parties shall consult with each other as to the
form and substance of any press release or other public statement reasonably
related to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby prior to
issuing such press release or public statement or making any other public
disclosure related thereto; provided, that nothing in this Section 4.8 shall
be deemed to require consultation of any Party with respect to any disclosure
that may be consistent with actions taken by Raindance or its Board of
Directors pursuant to Sections 4.4(a) or 4.9(c).   4.9 ACQUISITION
PROPOSALS.   (a) Raindance agrees that it will not, and will cause its
directors, officers, investment bankers, financial advisors, attorneys and
accountants not to, and shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause its
employees and other agents not to (it being understood that once Raindance
discovers that any employee or other agent has engaged in activity that
violates this Section 4.9(a), it shall promptly cause such employee or other
agent to cease such activity), (i) initiate, solicit, knowingly encourage or
knowingly facilitate inquiries or proposals with respect to, (ii) engage or
participate in any negotiations concerning, (iii) provide any confidential or
nonpublic information or data to, or provide access to its properties, books,
records or personnel to, (iv) have or participate in any discussions with, or
(v) exempt from the restrictions contained in any Takeover Laws, including
Section 203 of the DGCL, any Person relating to any Acquisition Proposal;
provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this
Section 4.9 or elsewhere in this Agreement, in the event Raindance receives
an unsolicited bona fide Acquisition Proposal at any time prior to, but not
after, the time this Agreement is adopted by the Raindance Stockholder
Approval, and Raindance\'s Board of Directors concludes in good faith that
such Acquisition Proposal constitutes or is reasonably likely to result in a
Superior Proposal, Raindance may, and may permit its officers and
Representatives to, furnish or cause to be furnished   -25-  nonpublic
information or data, provide access to its properties, books, records or
personnel, exempt from the restrictions contained in any Takeover
Laws, including Section 203 of the DGCL, the Person submitting such
Acquisition Proposal, modify, waive, amend or release any standstill,
confidentiality or similar agreements, and participate in such negotiations
or discussions to the extent that the Board of Directors of Raindance
concludes in good faith (after consultation with outside counsel) that
failure to take such actions would violate its fiduciary duties under
applicable Law; provided further, that prior to providing any nonpublic
information permitted to be provided pursuant to the foregoing proviso, it
shall have entered into a confidentiality agreement with such third party on
terms no less favorable to it than the terms currently in effect in the
Confidentiality Agreement. Raindance will (i) immediately cease and cause to
be terminated any activities, discussions or negotiations conducted before
the date of this Agreement with any Persons other than West with respect to
any Acquisition Proposal and request the prompt return or destruction of
all confidential information previously furnished to such parties or
their Representatives between January 1, 2005 and the date of this Agreement
and (ii) except as provided above in this Section 4.4(a), not modify, waive,
amend or release any standstill, confidentiality or similar agreements
entered into with such parties. Raindance shall promptly (within two days)
advise West following receipt of any Acquisition Proposal and the substance
thereof (including the identity of the Person making such Acquisition
Proposal), and will keep West apprised of any related developments,
discussions and negotiations on a current basis.   (b) If, in response to
an Acquisition Proposal that was not solicited by Raindance and which did not
otherwise result from a breach of Section 4.9(a) (an "Outside Proposal"), the
Board of Directors of Raindance concludes in good faith (after consultation
with outside counsel) that notwithstanding this Agreement and any concessions
which may be offered by West in negotiations entered into pursuant to the
following sentence, such Outside Proposal is a Superior Proposal the Board of
Directors of Raindance may (subject to this and the following two sentences)
terminate this Agreement (and concurrently with or after such termination, if
it so chooses, cause Raindance to enter into a letter of intent, agreement in
principle, memorandum of understanding, merger, acquisition, purchase or
joint venture agreement or other agreement with respect to the Superior
Proposal that prompted such termination), but only at a time that is prior to
the time this Agreement is adopted by the Raindance Stockholder Approval and
after the second business day following West\'s receipt of written notice
advising West that the Board of Directors of Raindance is prepared to accept
such Outside Proposal, specifying the material terms and conditions of such
Outside Proposal and identifying the person making such Outside Proposal. If
requested by West in response to a notice advising West that the Board of
Directors of Raindance is prepared to accept such Outside Proposal, during
the two business day period referred to in the preceding sentence, Raindance
shall, and shall cause its directors, officers, investment bankers, financial
advisors, and attorneys to, negotiate in good faith with West to make such
adjustments in the terms and conditions of this Agreement as would enable the
Board of Directors to proceed with the transactions contemplated herein on
such adjusted terms (any proposal from West based on such adjusted terms
being referred to as the "Adjusted West Proposal"). No withdrawal
or modification of the Directors\' Recommendation or acceptance of an
Outside Proposal shall change the approval of the Raindance Board of
Directors for purposes of causing any Takeover Laws to be inapplicable to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (c) Nothing contained in
this Agreement shall prevent Raindance or its Board of Directors from
complying with Rule 14d-9 and Rule 14e-2 under the 1934 Act with respect to
an Acquisition Proposal; provided, if such disclosure has the effect of
withdrawing or modifying the Directors\' Recommendation in a manner adverse
to West, West shall have the right to terminate this Agreement to the extent
set forth in Section 6.1(e) and such withdrawal or modification must comply
with Section 4.4.   -26-    4.10 TAKEOVER LAWS. If any Takeover Law may
become, or may purport to be, applicable to the transactions contemplated
hereby, Raindance and the members of its Board of Directors will grant such
approvals and take such actions as are necessary (other than any action
requiring the approval of its stockholders (other than as contemplated by
Section 4.4)) so that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement may be
consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated hereby and
otherwise act to eliminate or minimize the effects of any Takeover Law on any
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   4.11 EMPLOYEE
BENEFITS AND CONTRACTS.   (a) Following the Effective Time, West at its
election shall either (i) provide generally to officers and employees of
Raindance, who at or after the Effective Time remain employees of the
Surviving Corporation ("Continuing Employees"), employee benefits under
Benefit Plans maintained by West, on terms and conditions which are
substantially the same as for similarly situated officers and employees of
West and its Subsidiaries, or (ii) maintain, for the benefit of the
Continuing Employees, the Benefit Plans maintained by Raindance immediately
prior to the Effective Time; provided, however that any Continuing Employee
who was deemed by Raindance as a full-time employee of Raindance as of the
Effective Time and who is terminated by West within one year following
the Effective Time shall be entitled to the severance payments set forth in
Section 4.11(a) of Raindance\'s Disclosure Letter. For purposes of this
Section 4.11, Benefit Plans maintained by West are deemed to include Benefit
Plans maintained by its Subsidiaries. As of immediately prior to the
Effective Time, Raindance\'s Board of Directors shall adopt resolutions
terminating all Benefit Plans that are intended to qualify under section
401(a) of the Code.   (b) For purposes of participation and vesting (but not
accrual of benefits) under Benefit Plans maintained by West, service with
Raindance or any of its predecessors shall be treated as service with West.
West shall cause welfare Benefit Plans maintained by West that cover the
Continuing Employees after the Effective Time to (A) waive any waiting period
and restrictions and limitations for preexisting conditions or insurability
(except for pre-existing conditions that were excluded under welfare Benefit
Plans maintained by Raindance), and (B) cause any deductible, co-insurance,
or maximum out-of-pocket payments made by the Continuing Employees under
welfare Benefit Plans maintained by Raindance to be credited to such
Continuing Employees under welfare Benefit Plans maintained by West, so as to
reduce the amount of any deductible, co-insurance, or maximum out-of-pocket
payments payable by the Continuing Employees under welfare Benefit Plans
maintained by West.   (c) West shall, and shall cause the Surviving
Corporation to, honor all employment, severance, consulting, and other
compensation Contracts disclosed in Raindance\'s Disclosure Letter or filed
as exhibits to its SEC Reports prior to the date of this Agreement.   (d)
Nothing in this Section 4.11 shall be interpreted as preventing West, from
and after the Effective Time, from amending, modifying or terminating any
Benefit Plans maintained by Raindance or it, or other
Contracts, arrangements, commitments or understandings, in accordance with
their terms and applicable Law.   4.12 INDEMNIFICATION.   (a) From and
after the Effective Time, in the event of any threatened or actual claim,
action, suit, proceeding, or investigation, whether civil, criminal, or
administrative, in which any Person who is now, or has been at any time prior
to the date of this Agreement, or who becomes prior to the  
-27-   Effective Time, a director or officer of Raindance (each an
"Indemnified Party") is, or is threatened to be, made a party based in whole
or in part on, or arising in whole or in part out of, or pertaining to (i)
the fact that the Indemnified Party is or was a director, officer, or
employee of Raindance or any of its predecessors, or (ii) this Agreement or
any of the transactions contemplated hereby, whether in any case asserted or
arising before or after the Effective Time, West shall cause the Surviving
Corporation to indemnify, defend and hold harmless, to the same extent such
Indemnified Parties are indemnified or have the right to advancement of
expenses pursuant to the Organizational Documents of Raindance and
indemnification agreements, if any, in existence on the date of this
Agreement with Raindance or its Subsidiaries and disclosed in Raindance\'s
Disclosure Letter, and to the fullest extent permitted by Law, each such
Indemnified Party against any Liability (including advancement of reasonable
attorneys\' fees and expenses prior to the final disposition of any claim,
suit, proceeding, or investigation to each Indemnified Party to the fullest
extent permitted by Law upon receipt of any undertaking required
by applicable Law), judgments, fines, and amounts paid in settlement in
connection with any such threatened or actual claim, action, suit,
proceeding, or investigation.   (b) West agrees that all rights to
indemnification and all limitations on Liability existing in favor of the
directors, officers, and employees of Raindance (the "Covered Parties") as
provided in their respective Organizational Documents as in effect as of the
date of this Agreement or in any indemnification agreement in existence on
the date of this Agreement with Raindance and disclosed in Raindance\'s
Disclosure Letter with respect to matters occurring prior to the Effective
Time shall survive the Merger and shall continue in full force and effect,
and West shall cause such rights to indemnification and limitations on
Liability to be honored by such entities or their respective successors as if
they were the indemnifying party thereunder, without any amendment thereto;
provided, that nothing contained in this Section 4.12(b) shall be deemed to
preclude the liquidation, consolidation, or merger of the Surviving
Corporation, in which case all of such rights to indemnification and
limitations on Liability shall be deemed to so survive and
continue notwithstanding any such liquidation, consolidation, or merger.
Without limiting the foregoing, in any case in which approval by the
Surviving Corporation is required to effectuate any indemnification, the
Surviving Corporation shall direct, at the election of the Indemnified Party,
that the determination of any such approval shall be made by independent
counsel mutually agreed upon between West and the Indemnified Party.   (c)
West, from and after the Effective Time, will directly or indirectly cause
the Persons who served as directors or officers of Raindance at or before the
Effective Time to be covered by Raindance\'s existing directors\' and
officers\' liability insurance policy or by "tail" insurance policies with
at least the same coverage and amounts containing terms and conditions which
are not less advantageous than Raindance\'s existing directors\' and
officers\' liability insurance policy; provided, that West may substitute
therefor policies of at least the same coverage and amounts containing terms
and conditions which are not less advantageous than such policy; provided
further, that in no event shall West or any of its Subsidiaries be required
to expend for premiums applicable to coverage in any one year an amount in
excess of 150% of the current annual premium paid by Raindance (as set forth
in Section 4.12 of Raindance\'s Disclosure Letter) for such insurance;
provided, further that if the annual premiums of such insurance coverage
exceed such amount, West or the Surviving Corporation shall be obligated to
obtain a policy with the greatest coverage available for a cost not exceeding
such amount. Such insurance coverage shall commence at the Effective Time and
will be provided for a period of no less than six years after the Effective
Time.   (d) If West or the Surviving Corporation or any of their
respective successors or assigns shall consolidate with or merge into any
other Person and shall not be the continuing or surviving Person of such
consolidation or merger or shall transfer all or substantially all of its
assets to any Person,   -28-   then and in each case, proper provision
shall be made so that the successors and assigns of West and the Surviving
Corporation shall assume the obligations set forth in this Section 4.12.  
(e) The Indemnified Parties to whom this Section 4.12 applies shall be third
party beneficiaries of this Section 4.12. The provisions of this Section 4.12
are intended to be for the benefit of and shall be enforceable by, each
Indemnified Party and his or her heirs and representatives.   4.13 DIRECTOR
RESIGNATIONS. Raindance shall use commercially reasonable efforts to procure
the resignation or removal of each of the members of the Boards of Directors
of Raindance and its Subsidiaries as of the Effective Time.   4.14
FINANCING. West shall take all actions necessary to ensure that it has
available to it, at the Effective Time, all funds necessary for the
payment of the Merger Consideration and all funds necessary to satisfy all of
its and the Surviving Corporation\'s obligations under Articles 1 and 2 of
this Agreement. Further, West will use reasonable best efforts to give prompt
notice to Raindance (and subsequently keep Raindance informed on a current
basis) upon its becoming aware of any developments that are reasonably likely
to cause or constitute a breach of Section 3.4(d) (after giving effect to
Sections 3.1 and 3.2) or the foregoing sentence of this Section 4.14 (and in
any event within 48 hours of the time West becomes aware of such
development).   ARTICLE 5  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO OBLIGATIONS TO
CONSUMMATE   5.1 CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF EACH PARTY. The respective
obligations of each Party to perform this Agreement and to consummate the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby are subject to the
satisfaction of the following conditions, unless waived by each Party
pursuant to Section 7.7:   (a) Stockholder Approval. Raindance shall have
obtained the Raindance Stockholder Approval.   (b) HSR Act. The waiting
period under the HSR Act, if applicable, shall have expired or been
terminated.   (c) No Orders or Restraints; Illegality. No Order issued by
any Governmental Authority (whether temporary, preliminary, or permanent)
preventing the consummation of the Merger shall be in effect and no Law or
Order shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or enforced by any
Governmental Authority that prohibits, restrains, or makes illegal the
consummation of the Merger.   (d) Other Governmental Approvals. Any other
approval of any Government Authority or waiting periods under any applicable
law or regulation of any Governmental Authority shall be obtained or have
expired (without the imposition of any material condition) if the failure to
obtain any such approval or the failure of any such waiting period to expire
would reasonably be expected to subject any person to a material risk of
criminal liability involving felony charges or material civil liability.  
5.2 CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF WEST. The obligations of West to
perform this Agreement and consummate the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated hereby are subject to the satisfaction of the following
conditions, unless waived by West pursuant to Section 7.7:   -29-    (a)
Representations and Warranties. (i) The representations and warranties of
Raindance set forth in this Agreement, disregarding all Material Adverse
Effect and, except as expressly provided in this Section 5.2(a), materiality
qualifications contained therein (but not disregarding any dollar thresholds
contained in any representations or warranties or any materiality qualifiers
contained in the Specified Representations), shall be true and correct as of
the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made at and
as of the Closing Date (except that representations and warranties that by
their terms speak specifically as of the date of this Agreement or some other
date shall be true and correct as of such date), except in each such case as
of the date of this Agreement, the Closing Date or any other date where
the failure of any such representations and warranties to be so true and
correct has not had and would not reasonably be likely to have a Material
Adverse Effect on Raindance and (ii) the representations and warranties of
Raindance set forth in Section 3.3(c) of this Agreement shall be true and
correct in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of
the Closing Date as though made at and as of the Closing Date (except that
representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.3(c) that by their
terms speak specifically as of the date of this Agreement or some other date
shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such date). West
shall have received a certificate, dated the Closing Date, signed on behalf
of Raindance by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of
Raindance, to such effect.   (b) Performance of Agreements and Covenants.
The agreements and covenants of Raindance to be performed and complied with
pursuant to this Agreement prior to the Effective Time shall have been duly
performed and complied with in all material respects (it being understood
that for purposes of this Section 5.2(b), an adverse impact on Raindance\'s
recurring EBITDA as a result of such non-compliance shall be taken into
account for purposes of determining the materiality of such non-compliance)
and West shall have received a certificate, dated the Closing Date, signed on
behalf of Raindance by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer of Raindance, to such effect.   (c) Corporate Authorization. West
shall have received from Raindance (i) certified resolutions of its Board of
Directors and stockholders authorizing the execution and delivery of this
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby; and
(ii) certificates of good standing, dated as of a recent date before the
Closing Date, from the Secretaries of State of the States of Delaware,
Colorado, California and Georgia.   (d) Material Adverse Effect. Since the
date hereof, there shall not have occurred any fact, circumstance or event,
individually or taken together with all other facts, circumstances or events,
that has had or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on
Raindance.   5.3 CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF RAINDANCE. The obligations of
Raindance to perform this Agreement and consummate the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby are subject to the satisfaction of the
following conditions, unless waived by Raindance pursuant to Section 7.7:  
(a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of
West set forth in this Agreement, disregarding all Material Adverse Effect
qualifications contained therein, shall be true and correct as of the date of
this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made at and as of the
Closing Date (except that representations and warranties that by their terms
speak specifically as of the date of this Agreement or some other date shall
be true and correct as of such date), except in each such case as of the date
of this Agreement, the Closing Date or any other date where the failure
of any such representations and warranties to be so true and correct has not
had and would not reasonably be   -30-   likely to have a Material
Adverse Effect on West, and Raindance shall have received a certificate,
dated the Closing Date, signed on behalf of West by a duly authorized officer
of West, to such effect.   (b) Performance of Agreements and Covenants. The
agreements and covenants of West to be performed and complied with pursuant
to this Agreement prior to the Effective Time shall have been duly performed
and complied with in all material respects and Raindance shall have received
a certificate, dated the Closing Date, signed on behalf of West by a duly
authorized officer of West, to such effect.   ARTICLE 6  TERMINATION  
6.1 TERMINATION. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, and
notwithstanding the Raindance Stockholder Approval, this Agreement may
be terminated and the Merger abandoned at any time prior to the Effective
Time:   (a) By mutual consent of the Board of Directors of both  Parties;
or   (b) By the Board of Directors of either Party in the event of  a
breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement contained  in
this Agreement on the part of the other Party, which breach would  result in,
if occurring or continuing on the Closing Date, the failure of  the
conditions to the terminating Party\'s obligations set forth in  Sections 5.2
or 5.3, as the case dictates, and which cannot be or has not  been cured
within 30 days after the giving of written notice to the  breaching Party of
such breach; or   (c) By the Board of Directors of either Party in the
event  that (i) any Consent required to be obtained from any Governmental 
Authority has been denied by final nonappealable action of such  Governmental
Authority, and the failure to obtain any such Consent would  reasonably be
expected to subject any person to a material risk of  criminal liability
involving felony charges or material civil liability,  or (ii) the Raindance
Stockholder Approval has not been obtained by reason  of the failure to
obtain the required vote at the Raindance stockholders\'  meeting where this
Agreement was presented to such shareholders for  approval and voted upon;
or   (d) By the Board of Directors of either Party in the event  that the
Merger has not been consummated by August 1, 2006, if the failure  to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby on or before such date  is
not caused by any breach of this Agreement by the Party electing to 
terminate pursuant to this Section 6.1(d); or   (e) By the Board of
Directors of West in the event that (i)  Raindance has withdrawn or modified
the Director\'s Recommendation in a  manner adverse to West, or (ii) the
Board of Directors of Raindance has  recommended, endorsed, accepted or
agreed to an Acquisition Proposal.   (f) By the Board of Directors of
Raindance in accordance with  Section 4.9(b); provided that (1) Raindance has
not breached Section 4.9  in any material respect, and (2) Raindance has
tendered the Termination  Fee to West.   -31-    6.2 EFFECT OF
TERMINATION. In the event of the termination and abandonment of this
Agreement pursuant to Section 6.1, this Agreement shall become void and have
no effect, and none of West, Raindance, any of their respective Subsidiaries,
or any of the officers or directors of any of them, shall have any Liability
of any nature whatsoever hereunder or in conjunction with the transactions
contemplated hereby, except that (i) the provisions of Section 4.7(b), this
Section 6.2, and Article 7 shall survive any such termination and
abandonment, and (ii) a termination of this Agreement shall not relieve the
breaching Party from Liability for an uncured willful breach of
a representation, warranty, covenant, or agreement of such Party contained in
this Agreement.   ARTICLE 7  MISCELLANEOUS   7.1 DEFINITIONS.   (a)
Except as otherwise provided herein, the capitalized terms set forth below
shall have the following meanings:   "1933 ACT" shall mean the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended,  and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.   "1934 ACT" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as  amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.  
"ACQUISITION PROPOSAL" shall mean, other than the transactions  contemplated
by this Agreement, any offer, proposal or inquiry relating  to, or any third
party indication of interest in, (i) any acquisition or  purchase, direct or
indirect, of 30% or more of the assets of Raindance  (based on the fair
market value thereof) or 30% or more of the voting  power of Raindance, (ii)
any tender offer (including a self-tender offer)  or exchange offer that, if
consummated, would result in such third party  beneficially owning 30% or
more of the voting power of Raindance, or (iii)  a merger, consolidation,
share exchange, business combination,  reorganization, recapitalization or
other similar transaction which would  result in a third party beneficially
owning 30% or more of the voting  power of Raindance, or a liquidation or
dissolution of Raindance.   "AFFILIATE" of a Person shall mean (i) any other
Person  directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries,
controlling,  controlled by or under common control with such Person or (ii)
any  director, partner or officer of such Person or, for any Person that is
a  limited liability company, any manager or managing member thereof. For 
purposes of this definition, "control" (and its derivatives) shall mean  the
possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause  the
direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through 
ownership of equity, voting or other interests, as trustee or executor, by 
contract or otherwise.   "BENEFIT PLAN" shall mean any written pension,
retirement,  profit-sharing, deferred compensation, stock option, employee
stock  ownership, severance pay, vacation, bonus, or other incentive plan,
any  other written employee program or agreement, any medical, vision,
dental,  or other written health plan, any life insurance plan, and any
other  written employee benefit plan or fringe benefit plan, including any 
written "employee benefit plan" (as that term is defined in Section 3(3)  of
ERISA), maintained by, sponsored in whole or in part by, or   -32-   
contributed to by a Party for the benefit of its and its Subsidiaries\' 
employees, retirees, dependents, spouses, directors, independent 
contractors, or other beneficiaries and under which such employees, 
retirees, dependents, spouses, directors, independent contractors, or  other
beneficiaries are eligible to participate.   "CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT"
shall mean that certain  Confidentiality Agreement, dated August 24, 2004, as
amended December 15,  2005, by and between West and Raindance.   "CONSENT"
shall mean any consent, approval, authorization,  clearance, exemption,
waiver, or similar affirmation by any Person  pursuant to any Contract, Law,
Order, or Permit.   "CONTRACT" shall mean any written or oral agreement, 
arrangement, commitment, contract, indenture, instrument, lease, 
understanding, or undertaking of any kind or character to which any Person 
is a party or that is binding on any Person or its capital stock, assets,  or
business.   "DEFAULT" shall mean (i) any breach or violation of or default 
under any Contract, Law, Order, or Permit, (ii) any occurrence of any  event
that with the passage of time or the giving of notice or both would 
constitute a breach or violation of or default under any Contract, Law, 
Order, or Permit, or (iii) any occurrence of any event that with or  without
the passage of time or the giving of notice would give rise to a  right to
terminate or revoke, materially and adversely change the current  terms of,
or renegotiate, or to accelerate, increase, or impose any  material Liability
under, any Contract, Law, Order, or Permit.   "DGCL" shall mean the Delaware
General Corporation Law.   "ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS" shall mean all Laws relating
to pollution  or protection of human health or the environment (including
ambient air,  surface water, ground water, land surface, or subsurface
strata) and which  are administered, interpreted, or enforced by the United
States  Environmental Protection Agency and state and local agencies with 
jurisdiction over, and including common Law in respect of, pollution or 
protection of the environment, including CERCLA, the Resource Conservation 
and Recovery Act, as amended, 42 U.S.C. 6901, et seq., and other Laws 
relating to emissions, discharges, releases, or threatened releases of any 
Hazardous Material, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, 
distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport, or handling of 
any Hazardous Material.   "ERISA" shall mean the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act  of 1974, as amended.   "ERISA AFFILIATE" of any Person means
any entity that is, or  at any relevant time was, a member of (i) a
controlled group of  corporations (as defined in Section 414(b) of the
Internal Revenue Code),  (ii) a group of trades or businesses under common
control (as defined in  Section 414(c) of the Internal Revenue Code) or (iii)
an affiliated  service group (as defined under Section 414(m) of the Internal
Revenue  Code or the regulations under Section 414(o) of the Internal Revenue
Code)  with such Person.   "ERISA PLAN" shall mean any Benefit Plan which
is an "employee  welfare benefit plan," as that term is defined in Section
3(l) of ERISA,  or an "employee pension benefit plan," as that term is
defined in Section  3(2) of ERISA.   -33-    "FACILITIES" shall mean all
buildings and improvements on the  Property of any Person.   "FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS" shall mean (i) the consolidated balance  sheets (including
related notes and schedules, if any) of Raindance and  its Subsidiaries as of
September 30, 2005, and as of December 31, 2004 and  2003, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, cash flows,  and stockholders\' equity
and comprehensive income (loss) (including  related notes and schedules, if
any) for the nine months ended September  30, 2005 and for each of the three
years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and  2002, as filed by Raindance in its
SEC Reports, and (ii) the consolidated  balance sheets of Raindance and its
Subsidiaries (including related notes  and schedules, if any), and related
statements of operations, cash flows,  and stockholders\' equity and
comprehensive income (loss) (including  related notes and schedules, if any)
included in its SEC Reports filed  with respect to periods ended subsequent
to September 30, 2005.   "GAAP" shall mean United States generally accepted
accounting  principles, consistently applied during the periods involved.  
"GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY" shall mean the Federal Communications  Commission,
the Federal Trade Commission, the Internal Revenue Service,  all state
regulatory agencies having jurisdiction over the Parties and  their
respective Subsidiaries, the Nasdaq, the SEC and any other domestic  or
foreign court, administrative agency, commission or other governmental 
authority or instrumentality (in each case including the staff thereof),  or
any industry self-regulatory authority (including the staff thereof).  
"GOVERNMENT CONTRACT" means any contract (including any  subcontract with a
prime contractor or other subcontractor who is a party  to any such contract)
to which Raindance or any of its Subsidiaries is a  party, or by which any of
them are bound, the ultimate contracting party  of which is either (i) the
United States Government or (ii) with respect  to any contract that provides
for or is reasonably likely to require  annual payments to Raindance of
$100,000 or more, any other Governmental  Authority.   "HAZARDOUS MATERIAL"
shall mean (i) any hazardous substance,  hazardous material, hazardous waste,
regulated substance, or toxic  substance (as those terms are defined by any
applicable Environmental  Laws), and (ii) any chemicals, pollutants,
contaminants, petroleum,  petroleum products that are or become regulated
under any applicable  local, state, or federal Law (and specifically shall
include asbestos  requiring abatement, removal, or encapsulation pursuant to
the  requirements of governmental authorities and any polychlorinated 
biphenyls).   "HSR ACT" means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements 
Act of 1976, as amended, any successor statute thereto, and the rules and 
regulations promulgated thereunder.   "INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY" shall mean (i)
any patents,  copyrights, trademarks, service marks, maskworks or similar
rights  throughout the world, and applications or registrations for any of
the  foregoing, (ii) any proprietary interest, whether registered or 
unregistered, in know-how, copyrights, trade secrets, database rights,  data
in databases, website content, inventions, invention disclosures or 
applications, software (including source and object code), operating and 
manufacturing procedures, designs, specifications and the like, (iii) any  
-34-    proprietary interest in any similar intangible asset of a
technical,  scientific or creative nature, including slogans, logos and the
like and  (iv) any proprietary interest in or to any documents or other
tangible  media containing any of the foregoing.   "INTERNAL REVENUE CODE"
shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of  1986, as amended, and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder.   "KNOWLEDGE" of any Party or "KNOWN TO"
a Party and any other phrases  of similar import means, with respect to any
matter in question relating  to a Party, if any of the Chairman of the Board,
Chief Executive Officer,  President, Chief Financial Officer or General
Counsel of such Party have  actual knowledge of such matter, after reasonable
inquiry of their direct  subordinates who would be likely to have knowledge
of such matter and  reasonable review of records readily available to such
officer.   "LAW" shall mean any code, law (including any rule of common
law),  ordinance, regulation, rule, or statute applicable to a Person or
its  assets, Liabilities, or business, including those promulgated, 
interpreted, or enforced by any Governmental Authority.   "LIABILITY" shall
mean any direct or indirect, primary or secondary,  liability, indebtedness,
obligation, penalty, cost, or expense (including  costs of investigation,
collection, and defense), claim, deficiency, or  guaranty of any type,
whether accrued, absolute or contingent, liquidated  or unliquidated, matured
or unmatured, or otherwise.   "LIEN" shall mean any mortgage, pledge,
reservation, restriction  (other than a restriction on transfers arising
under the Securities Laws),  security interest, lien, or encumbrance of any
nature whatsoever of, on,  or with respect to any property or property
interest, other than: Liens  for property Taxes not yet due and payable;
liens, encumbrances or  imperfections of title that have arisen in the
ordinary course of  business; liens, encumbrances or imperfections of title
arising under any  of the Contracts identified in Section 7.1(a) of
Raindance\'s Disclosure  Letter referred or filed as exhibits to Raindance\'s
SEC Reports filed  prior to the date of this Agreement; and liens,
encumbrances or  imperfections of title relating to liabilities reflected in
the Financial  Statements (including any related notes) contained in
Raindance\'s SEC  Reports filed prior to the date of this Agreement.  
"LITIGATION" shall mean any action, arbitration, cause of action,  claim,
complaint, criminal prosecution, demand letter, governmental or  other
examination or investigation, hearing, inquiry, administrative or  other
proceeding, or notice (written or oral) by any Person alleging  potential
Liability, but shall not include claims of entitlement under any  Benefit
Plans that are made or received in the ordinary course of  business.  
"NASDAQ" shall mean the National Market System of The Nasdaq Stock 
Market.   "ORDER" shall mean any administrative decision or award, decree, 
injunction, judgment, order, quasi-judicial decision or award, ruling, or 
writ of any federal, state, local, or foreign or other court, arbitrator, 
mediator, tribunal, administrative agency, or Governmental Authority.  
-35-     "ORGANIZATIONAL DOCUMENTS" shall mean the articles of
incorporation,  certificate of incorporation, charter, bylaws or other
similar governing  instruments, in each case as amended as of the date
specified, of any  Person.   "PARTY" shall mean West and Merger Sub, on the
one hand, or  Raindance, on the other hand, and "PARTIES" shall mean West,
Merger Sub  and Raindance.   "PENSION PLAN" shall mean any ERISA Plan which
is also subject to  Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 302
of ERISA.   "PERMIT" shall mean any federal, state, local, and foreign 
governmental approval, authorization, certificate, easement, filing, 
franchise, license, or permit from Governmental Authorities that are 
required for the operation of the businesses of a Person or its 
Subsidiaries.   "PERMITTED ISSUANCES" shall mean issuances of Raindance
Common Stock  upon exercise of outstanding Rights issued under the Raindance
Stock Plans  or upon exercise of Raindance Warrants or pursuant to the
ESPP.   "PERSON" shall mean any natural person or any legal, commercial,
or  governmental entity, including, a corporation, general partnership,
joint  venture, limited partnership, limited liability company, trust,
business  association, or person acting in a representative capacity, as well
as any  syndicate or group that would be deemed to be a person under
Section  13(d)(3) of the 1934 Act.   "PROPERTY" shall mean all real
property leased or owned by any  Person and its Subsidiaries, either
currently or in the past.   "REPRESENTATIVE" shall mean any investment
banker, financial  advisor, attorney, accountant, consultant, agent or other
representative  of a Person.   "RIGHTS" shall mean, with respect to any
Person, securities, or  obligations convertible into or exercisable for, or
giving any other  Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, or any
options, calls,  restricted stock, deferred stock awards, stock units,
phantom awards,  dividend equivalents, or commitments relating to, or any
stock  appreciation right or other instrument the value of which is
determined in  whole or in part by reference to the market price or value of,
shares of  capital stock of such Person, whether vested or unvested or
exercisable or  unexercisable, and shall include the Raindance Options.  
"RAINDANCE COMMON STOCK" shall mean the $.0015 par value per share  common
stock of Raindance.   "RAINDANCE OPTION" shall mean an option to purchase a
share or  shares of Raindance Common Stock.   "RAINDANCE STOCKHOLDER
APPROVAL" shall mean the adoption of this  Agreement by the holders of at
least a majority of the outstanding shares  of Raindance Common Stock.  
"RAINDANCE STOCK PLAN" shall mean any equity compensation plan of 
Raindance.   -36-     "SEC" shall mean the United States Securities and
Exchange  Commission.   "SEC REPORTS" shall mean all forms, proxy
statements, registration  statements, reports, schedules, and other documents
filed, or required to  be filed, by a Party or any of its Subsidiaries with
the SEC.   "SECURITIES LAWS" shall mean the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act, the 
Investment Company Act of 1940, the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, and  the
Trust Indenture Act of 1939, each as amended, state securities and  "Blue
Sky" Laws, including in each case the rules and regulations of any 
Governmental Authority promulgated thereunder.   "SPECIFIED REPRESENTATIONS"
shall mean the representations contained  in Sections 3.3(b)(iii),
3.3(d)(iii), 3.3(d)(v), 3.3(k)(ii) and  3.3(l)(ii).   "SUBSIDIARY" or
"SUBSIDIARIES" shall have the meaning assigned in  Rule 1-02(x) of Regulation
S-X of the SEC.   "SUPERIOR PROPOSAL" means any bona fide, unsolicited,
written  Acquisition Proposal for at least a majority of the outstanding
shares of  Raindance Common Stock on terms that the Board of Directors of
Raindance  concludes in good faith to be more favorable from a financial
point of  view to its stockholders than the Merger and the other
transactions  contemplated by this Agreement (including the terms, if any,
proposed by  West to amend or modify the terms of the transactions
contemplated by this  Agreement, subject to Section 4.9(b)), (1) after
consulting with its  financial advisors (who shall be a nationally recognized
investment  banking firm), and (2) after taking into account the likelihood
of  consummation of such transaction on the terms set forth therein (as 
compared to, and with due regard for, the terms herein).   "TAX" OR "TAXES"
shall mean all federal, state, local, and foreign  taxes, charges, fees,
levies, imposts, duties, or other like assessments,  including assessments
for unclaimed property, as well as income, gross  receipts, excise,
employment, sales, use, transfer, intangible, recording,  license, payroll,
franchise, severance, documentary, stamp, occupation,  windfall profits,
environmental, federal highway use, commercial rent,  customs duties, capital
stock, paid-up capital, profits, withholding,  Social Security, single
business and unemployment, disability, real  property, personal property,
registration, ad valorem, value added,  alternative or add-on minimum,
estimated, or other tax or governmental fee  of any kind whatsoever, imposed
or required to be withheld by the United  States or any state, local, or
foreign government or subdivision or agency  thereof, whether disputed or
not, including any related interest,  penalties, and additions imposed
thereon or with respect thereto, and  including any liability for Taxes of
another Person pursuant to a  contract, as a transferee or successor, under
Treasury Regulation Section  1.1502-6 or analogous provision of state, local
or foreign law or  otherwise. The term "Tax" shall also include any universal
service fund or  similar charge imposed by any state, Federal or other
Governmental  Authority.   "TAX RETURN" shall mean any report, return,
information return, or  other information provided or required to be provided
to a Taxing  Authority in connection with Taxes, including any return of an
Affiliated  or combined or unitary group that includes a Party or its
Subsidiaries and  including without limitation any estimated Tax return.  
-37-     "TAXABLE PERIOD" shall mean any period prescribed by any Taxing 
Authority.   "TAXING AUTHORITY" shall mean any federal, state, local,
municipal,  foreign, or other Governmental Authority, instrumentality,
commission,  board or body having jurisdiction over the Parties to impose or
collect  any Tax.   "TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS" shall mean the electronic data
processing,  information, record keeping, communications, telecommunications,
hardware,  third party software, networks, peripherals, and computer
systems,  including any outsourced systems and processes, used by
Raindance.   "TERMINATION FEE" shall mean $4,500,000.   "WEST COMMON
STOCK" shall mean the $.01 par value per share common  stock of West.   (b)
The terms set forth below shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the
referenced sections:    ~~  Adjusted West Proposal..................
Section 4.9(b) Agreement...............................
Preamble CERCLA.................................. Section
3.3(h) Certificates............................ Section 1.4(b) Certificate
of Merger................... Section
1.3 Closing................................. Section 1.2 Closing
Date............................ Section 1.2 Continuing
Employees.................... Section 4.11(a) Covered
Parties......................... Section 4.12(b) Directors\'
Recommendation............... Section 3.3(b)(ii) Disclosure
Letter....................... Section 3.1 Dissenting
Shares....................... Section 1.4(a) Effective
Time.......................... Section
1.3 ESPP.................................... Section 1.6(e) Exchange
Fund........................... Section 2.1(a) Excluded
Shares......................... Section 1.4(d) Final Exercise
Period................... Section 1.6(e) Indemnified
Parties..................... Section 4.12(a) Large
Customer.......................... Section 3.3(l)(ii) Material Adverse
Effect................. Section 3.2 Merger..................................
Section 1.1 Merger Consideration.................... Section 1.4(a) Merger
Sub.............................. Preamble Outside
Proposal........................ Section 4.9(b) Paying
Agent............................ Section
2.1(a) PCBs.................................... Section 3.3(h) Per Share
Purchase Price................ Section 1.4(a) Required
Consents....................... Section
4.5(a) Raindance............................... Preamble    -38-     
~~  Raindance Warrant....................... Section 1.7 Proxy
Statement......................... Section 4.4(b) Sarbanes-Oxley
Act...................... Section 3.3(d)(iv) SEC
Reports............................. Section 3.3(d)(i) Stockholder
Agreements.................. Preamble Surviving
Corporation................... Section 1.1 Takeover
Laws........................... Section 3.3(t) Terminable
Contract..................... Section
3.3(l) Warrantholder........................... Section
1.7 West.................................... Preamble    (c) Any singular
term in this Agreement shall be deemed to include the plural, and any plural
term the singular. Whenever the words "include," "includes," or "including"
are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed followed by the words
"without limitation." The words "hereby," "herein," "hereof" or "hereunder,"
and similar terms are to be deemed to refer to this Agreement as a whole and
not to any specific section.   7.2 NON-SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND
COVENANTS. Except for Articles 1 and 2, Sections 4.7(b) and 4.12 and this
Article 7, the respective representations, warranties, obligations,
covenants, and agreements of the Parties shall be deemed only to be
conditions of the Merger and shall not survive the Effective Time.   7.3
EXPENSES.   (a) Except as otherwise provided in this Section 7.3 or in
Section 7.4, each of the Parties shall bear and pay all direct costs and
expenses incurred by it or on its behalf in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereunder, including filing, registration, and application fees,
printing fees, and fees and expenses of its own financial or other
consultants, investment bankers, accountants, and counsel.   (b) In the
event that the Termination Fee becomes payable by Raindance to West pursuant
to Section 7.4(a), or 7.4(b), in addition to the Termination Fee and at the
same time as it becomes payable pursuant to Section 7.4, Raindance shall make
a nonrefundable cash payment to West in an amount equal to the aggregate
amount of all fees and expenses (including all attorneys\' fees, investment
bankers\' fees, accountants\' fees and filing fees) that have been paid or
that may become payable by or on behalf of West in connection with the
preparation and negotiation of this Agreement, and otherwise in
connection with the Merger and the other transactions contemplated in this
Agreement; provided, that the aggregate amount payable by Raindance to West
under the first sentence of this Section 7.3(b) shall in no event exceed
$700,000. In the event that Raindance fails to pay when due any amount
payable under this Section 7.3(b), then (i) Raindance shall reimburse West
for all costs and expenses (including disbursements and reasonable fees of
counsel) incurred in connection with the collection of such overdue amount,
and (ii) Raindance shall pay to West interest on such overdue amount (for the
period commencing as of the date such overdue amount was originally required
to be paid and ending on the date such overdue amount is actually paid in
full) at a rate per annum equal to the Prime Rate in effect on the date such
overdue amount was originally required to be paid.   (c) Nothing contained
in this Section 7.3 shall constitute or shall be deemed to constitute
liquidated damages for the willful breach by a Party of the terms of this
Agreement or otherwise limit the rights of the non-breaching Party.  
-39-     7.4 TERMINATION FEE.   (a) In the event that (A) (i) either
Party shall terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 6.1(c)(ii), or (ii)
West shall terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 6.1(e)(i), or (iii)
West shall terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 6.1(b) on the basis
of a material breach by Raindance of Section 4.4 or 4.9, (B) at any time
after the date of this Agreement and prior to such termination there shall
have been publicly announced an Acquisition Proposal that has not been
formally withdrawn or abandoned prior to such termination, and (C) within 12
months following such termination an Acquisition Proposal is consummated or a
definitive agreement or letter of intent is entered into by Raindance with
respect to an Acquisition Proposal, Raindance shall pay West the Termination
Fee within five business days of the earlier of the consummation of such
Acquisition Proposal or the date on which Raindance enters into a definitive
agreement, letter of intent, agreement in principle, memorandum of
understanding or other agreement with respect to such Acquisition Proposal,
by wire transfer of immediately available funds.   (b) In the event that
West shall terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 6.1(e)(ii), Raindance
shall pay to West the Termination Fee within five business days after the
date this Agreement is terminated, by wire transfer of immediately available
funds.   (c) In the event that Raindance shall terminate this
Agreement pursuant to Section 6.1(f), then Raindance shall pay West the
Termination Fee on the date this Agreement is terminated, by wire transfer of
immediately available funds.   (d) Raindance hereby acknowledges that the
agreements contained in this Section 7.4 are an integral part of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and that, without these
agreements, West would not enter into this Agreement. In the event that
Raindance fails to pay when due any amount payable under this Section 7.4,
then (i) Raindance shall reimburse West for all costs and expenses (including
disbursements and reasonable fees of counsel) incurred in connection with the
collection of such overdue amount, and (ii) Raindance shall pay to West
interest on such overdue amount (for the period commencing as of the date
such overdue amount was originally required to be paid and ending on the date
such overdue amount is actually paid in full) at a rate per annum equal to
the Prime Rate in effect on the date such overdue amount was
originally required to be paid.   7.5 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. Except as otherwise
expressly provided herein, this Agreement (including the Disclosure Letters
and Exhibits) constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties with
respect to the transactions contemplated hereunder and supersedes all prior
arrangements or understandings with respect thereto, written or oral, other
than the Confidentiality Agreement, which shall remain in effect. Nothing in
this Agreement expressed or implied, is intended to confer upon any Person,
other than the Parties or their respective successors, any rights, remedies,
obligations, or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement except as
expressly set forth in Section 4.12.   7.6 AMENDMENTS. Before the Effective
Time, this Agreement may be amended by a subsequent writing signed by each of
the Parties, whether before or after the Raindance Stockholder Approval has
been obtained, except to the extent that any such amendment would violate
applicable Law or would require the approval of the stockholders of
Raindance, unless such required approval is obtained.   -40-     7.7
WAIVERS.   (a) Prior to or at the Effective Time, either Party shall have
the right to waive any Default in the performance of any term of this
Agreement by the other Party, to waive or extend the time for the compliance
or fulfillment by the other Party of any and all of such other Party\'s
obligations under this Agreement, and to waive any or all of the conditions
precedent to its obligations under this Agreement, except any condition
which, if not satisfied, would result in the violation of any Law. No waiver
by a Party shall be effective unless in writing signed by a duly authorized
officer of such Party.   (b) The failure of any Party at any time or times
to require performance of any provision hereof shall in no manner affect the
right of such Party at a later time to enforce the same or any other
provision of this Agreement. No waiver of any condition or of the breach of
any term contained in this Agreement in one or more instances shall be deemed
to be or construed as a further or continuing waiver of such condition or
breach or a waiver of any other condition or of the breach of any other term
of this Agreement.   7.8 ASSIGNMENT. Except as expressly contemplated
hereby, neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests, or
obligations hereunder shall be assigned by any Party hereto (whether by
operation of Law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of each
other party. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement will be
binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by the parties and
their respective successors and assigns.   7.9 NOTICES. All notices or other
communications which are required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing
and sufficient if delivered by hand, by facsimile transmission, by registered
or certified mail, postage pre-paid, or by courier or overnight carrier, to
the Persons at the addresses set forth below (or at such other address as may
be provided hereunder), and shall be deemed to have been delivered as of the
date so delivered:   Raindance: Raindance Communications, Inc.  1157
Century Drive  Louisville, CO 80027  Telecopy Number: (___) ___-____  
Attention: Donald F. Detampel, Jr.  Stephanie Anagnostou   Copy to Counsel
(which  shall not constitute notice): Cooley Godward LLP  380 Interlocken
Crescent, Suite 900  Broomfield, CO 80021  Telecopy Number: (720)
566-4099   Attention: Michael Platt   West: West Corporation  11808
Miracle Hills Drive  Omaha, Nebraska 68154  Telecopy Number: (___) ___-
____   Attention: Thomas B. Barker  David C. Mussman   -41-     Copy
to Counsel (which  shall not constitute notice): Blackwell Sanders Peper
Martin LLP  1620 Dodge Street, Suite 2100  Omaha, NE 68102  Telecopy
Number: (402) 964-5050   Attention: James C. Creigh   7.10 GOVERNING LAW.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws
of the State of Delaware, without regard to any applicable principles of
conflicts of Laws that would result in the application of the law of another
jurisdiction.   7.11 COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in two or
more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all
of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The exchange
of copies of this Agreement and of signature pages by facsimile or electronic
transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this
Agreement as to the parties and may be used in lieu of the original Agreement
for all purposes. Signatures of the parties transmitted by facsimile or
electronic transmission shall be deemed to be their original signatures for
all purposes.   7.12 CAPTIONS. The captions contained in this Agreement are
for reference purposes only and are not part of this Agreement.   7.13
INTERPRETATIONS. Neither this Agreement nor any uncertainty or ambiguity
herein shall be construed or resolved against any Party, whether under any
rule of construction or otherwise. No Party to this Agreement shall
be considered the draftsman. The Parties acknowledge and agree that this
Agreement has been reviewed, negotiated, and accepted by all Parties and
their attorneys and shall be construed and interpreted according to the
ordinary meaning of the words used so as fairly to accomplish the purposes
and intentions of the Parties.   7.14 SEVERABILITY. If any term or
provision of this Agreement is determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remaining provisions
hereof, or the application of such provision to Persons or circumstances
other than those as to which it has been held invalid or unenforceable, shall
remain in full force and effect and in no way be affected, impaired or
invalidated thereby, so long as the economic or legal substance of the
transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially
adverse to any Party. Upon such determination, the Parties and Merger Sub
shall negotiate in good faith in an effort to agree upon a suitable and
equitable substitute provision to effect the original intent of the
Parties. If any provision of this Agreement is so broad as to be
unenforceable, the provision shall be interpreted to be only so broad as is
enforceable.   -42-     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the Parties has
caused this Agreement to be executed on its behalf and its corporate seal to
be hereunto affixed and attested by officers thereunto as of the day and year
first above written.   RAINDANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.   By: /s/ Donald F.
Detampel, Jr.  ----------------------------------------------  Donald F.
Detampel, Jr.  Chief Executive Officer   WEST CORPORATION   By: /s/
Thomas B. Barker  ----------------------------------------------  Thomas B.
Barker  Chief Executive Officer   ROCKIES ACQUISITION CORPORATION   By:
/s/ Thomas B. Barker  ----------------------------------------------  Thomas
B. Barker  Chief Executive Officer   '

