 EXHIBIT 2.1 - AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER  
Exhibit 2.1   EXECUTION COPY     AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER    
among     E. I. DU PONT DE NEMOURS AND COMPANY,     PURPLE ACQUISITION
CORPORATION     and     CHEMFIRST INC.     Dated as of July 23,
2002                  TABLE OF CONTENTS   Page   
ARTICLE I   The Merger   ~~   SECTION 1.01. The
Merger.................................................................................1 
SECTION 1.02. Closing
...................................................................................1 
SECTION 1.03. Effective
Time.............................................................................2 
SECTION 1.04. Effects of the
Merger......................................................................2 
SECTION 1.05. Articles of Incorporation and By-
laws......................................................2  SECTION 1.06.
Directors..................................................................................2 
SECTION 1.07.
Officers...................................................................................2  
ARTICLE II   Effect of the Merger on the Capital Stock of the  Constituent
Corporations; Exchange of Certificates   SECTION 2.01. Effect on Capital
Stock....................................................................2 
SECTION 2.02. Exchange of
Certificates...................................................................3 
SECTION 2.03. Adjustment to Merger
Consideration.........................................................5  
ARTICLE III   Representations and Warranties   SECTION 3.01.
Representations and Warranties of the
Company..............................................5  SECTION 3.02.
Representations and Warranties of Parent and
Sub..........................................23   ARTICLE IV   Covenants
Relating to Conduct of Business   SECTION 4.01. Conduct of
Business.......................................................................25 
SECTION 4.02. No
Solicitation...........................................................................30  
ARTICLE V   Additional Agreements   SECTION 5.01. Preparation of the Proxy
Statement........................................................32  SECTION
5.02. Company Shareholders
Meeting..............................................................33 
SECTION 5.03. Access to
Information.....................................................................33 
SECTION 5.04. Reasonable Best
Efforts...................................................................34 
SECTION 5.05. Employee
Matters..........................................................................34 
SECTION 5.06. Stock Based
Awards........................................................................36 
SECTION 5.07. Fees and Expenses; Termination
Fee........................................................37  SECTION 5.08.
Indemnification, Exculpation and
Insurance................................................38  SECTION 5.09.
Shareholder
Litigation....................................................................39 
SECTION 5.10. Rights
Agreement..........................................................................39  
ARTICLE VI   Conditions Precedent   SECTION 6.01. Conditions to Each
Party\'s Obligation To Effect the Merger................................39 
SECTION 6.02. Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Sub To Effect the
Merger..........................39  SECTION 6.03. Conditions to Obligation of
the Company To Effect the Merger..............................40  SECTION
6.04. Frustration of Closing
Conditions.........................................................40  
ARTICLE VII   Termination and Amendment   SECTION 7.01.
Termination...............................................................................41 
SECTION 7.02. Effect of
Termination.....................................................................42 
SECTION 7.03.
Amendment.................................................................................42 
SECTION 7.04. Extension;
Waiver.........................................................................42 
SECTION 7.05. Procedure for Termination, Amendment, Extension or
Waiver.................................42   ARTICLE VIII   General
Provisions   SECTION 8.01. Nonsurvival of Representations and
Warranties.............................................43  SECTION 8.02.
Notices..................................................................................
43  SECTION 8.03. Definitions;
Interpretation...............................................................44 
SECTION 8.04.
Counterparts..............................................................................45 
SECTION 8.05. Entire Agreement; No Third-Party
Beneficiaries............................................45  SECTION 8.06.
Governing
Law.............................................................................45 
SECTION 8.07.
Publicity.................................................................................45 
SECTION 8.08.
Assignment................................................................................46 
SECTION 8.09.
Enforcement...............................................................................46 
SECTION 8.10.
Severability..............................................................................46  
ANNEX I - Index of Defined Terms       AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER 
(this "Agreement") dated as of July 23,  2002, among E. I. DU PONT DE
NEMOURS  AND COMPANY, a Delaware corporation  ("Parent"), PURPLE
ACQUISITION  CORPORATION, a Mississippi corporation  and a wholly owned
subsidiary of Parent  ("Sub"), and CHEMFIRST INC., a  Mississippi
corporation (the  "Company").   WHEREAS the respective Boards of Directors
of Parent, Sub and the Company have approved the merger of Sub with and into
the Company (the "Merger"), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in this Agreement, whereby each issued and outstanding share of common
stock, par value $1.00 per share, of the Company ("Company Common Stock") not
owned by Parent, Sub or the Company will be converted into the right to
receive $29.20 in cash;   WHEREAS the respective Boards of Directors of Sub
and the Company have adopted this Agreement;   WHEREAS, simultaneously with
the execution and delivery of this Agreement and as a condition and
inducement to the willingness of Parent and Sub to enter into this Agreement,
Parent and a certain shareholder of the Company are entering into a
shareholder agreement (the "Shareholder Agreement") pursuant to which, among
other things, such shareholder has agreed to vote to approve this Agreement
and to take certain other actions in furtherance of the Merger, upon the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein;   WHEREAS Parent,
Sub and the Company desire to make certain representations, warranties,
covenants and agreements in connection with the Merger and also to prescribe
various conditions to the Merger.   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
foregoing and the respective representations, warranties, covenants and
agreements set forth herein, the parties agree as follows:   ARTICLE I  
The Merger   SECTION 1.01. The Merger. Upon the terms and subject to
the conditions set forth in this Agreement, and in accordance with
the Mississippi Business Corporation Act (the "MBCA"), Sub shall be merged
with and into the Company at the Effective Time. Following the Merger,
the separate corporate existence of Sub shall cease and the Company
shall continue as the surviving corporation (the "Surviving Corporation")
and shall succeed to all the rights and obligations of Sub in accordance
with the MBCA.   SECTION 1.02. Closing. The closing of the Merger (the
"Closing") will take place at 10:00 a.m. on a date to be specified by the
parties (the "Closing Date"), which shall be no later than the second
business day following the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth
in Article VI (other than those conditions that by their terms are to be
satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or waiver of
those conditions), at the offices of Cravath, Swaine and Moore, Worldwide
Plaza, 825 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10019, unless another time, date
or place is agreed to in writing by the parties.   SECTION 1.03. Effective
Time. Prior to the Closing, the parties shall prepare and execute articles of
merger in accordance with Section 79-4-11.06(a) of the MBCA (the "Articles of
Merger"), and as soon as practicable on the Closing Date, the Surviving
Corporation shall deliver the Articles of Merger to the Secretary of State of
the State of Mississippi for filing in accordance with the relevant
provisions of the MBCA. The Merger shall become effective at such time as the
Articles of Merger are duly filed in accordance with Section 79-4-11.06(b) of
the MBCA, or at such other time as Parent and the Company shall agree and
shall specify in the Articles of Merger (the time the Merger becomes
effective being hereinafter referred to as the "Effective Time").   SECTION
1.04. Effects of the Merger. The Merger shall have the effects set forth in
Section 79-4-11.07 of the MBCA.   SECTION 1.05. Articles of Incorporation
and By-laws. (a) The articles of incorporation of Sub, as in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the articles of
incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter changed or
amended as provided therein or by applicable law.   (b) The by-laws of Sub,
as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the by-laws of
the Surviving Corporation until thereafter changed or amended as provided
therein or by applicable law.   SECTION 1.06. Directors. The directors of
Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the directors of the
Surviving Corporation to hold office until the earlier of their resignation
or removal or until their respective successors are duly elected and
qualified, as the case may be.   SECTION 1.07. Officers. The officers of
Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the officers of the
Surviving Corporation to hold office until the earlier of their resignation
or removal or until their respective successors are duly elected and
qualified, as the case may be.   ARTICLE II   Effect of the Merger on the
Capital Stock of the  Constituent Corporations; Exchange of Certificates  
SECTION 2.01. Effect on Capital Stock. At the Effective Time, by virtue of
the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder of any shares of
capital stock of the Company, Parent or Sub:   (a) Capital Stock of Sub.
Each issued and outstanding share of common stock of Sub shall be converted
into and become one fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock of the
Surviving Corporation.   (b) Cancelation of Certain Stock. Each share of
Company Common Stock that is owned by the Company, as treasury stock, or by
any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, or by Parent
or Sub, in each case immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall
automatically be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist and no
consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor.   (c) Conversion of
Company Common Stock. Each share of Company Common Stock issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares to be
canceled in accordance with Section 2.01(b)) shall be converted into the
right to receive $29.20 in cash, without interest (the "Merger
Consideration"). At the Effective Time, all such shares shall no longer be
outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and shall cease to exist, and
each holder of a certificate that immediately prior to the Effective Time
represented any such shares (a "Certificate") shall cease to have any rights
with respect thereto, except the right to receive the Merger Consideration.
The right of any holder of any share of Company Common Stock to receive the
Merger Consideration shall be subject to and reduced by the amount of any
withholding that is required under applicable tax law.   SECTION 2.02.
Exchange of Certificates. (a) Paying Agent. Prior to the Effective Time,
Parent shall appoint a bank or trust company that is reasonably satisfactory
to the Company to act as paying agent (the "Paying Agent") for the payment of
the Merger Consideration. At or immediately prior to the Effective Time,
Parent shall deliver, or cause the Surviving Corporation to deliver, to the
Paying Agent immediately available funds in the amount necessary for the
payment of the Merger Consideration pursuant to Section 2.01(c) upon
surrender of Certificates (such funds, the "Exchange Fund"). Subject to
Section 2.02(d), the Paying Agent shall, pursuant to irrevocable
instructions, deliver the Merger Consideration out of the Exchange Fund in
accordance with this Article II. Except as contemplated by this Article II,
the Exchange Fund shall not be used for any other purpose.   (b) Exchange
Procedures. As soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Time,
Parent shall cause the Paying Agent to mail to each holder of record of a
Certificate (i) a form of letter of transmittal (which shall specify that
delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the Certificates
shall pass, only upon proper delivery of the Certificates to the Paying Agent
and which shall be in customary form and contain customary provisions) and
(ii) instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates in
exchange for the Merger Consideration. Upon surrender of a Certificate for
cancelation to the Paying Agent, together with such letter of transmittal,
duly completed and validly executed, and such other documents as may
reasonably be required by the Paying Agent, the holder of such Certificate
shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor the amount of cash into
which the shares formerly represented by such Certificate shall have been
converted pursuant to Section 2.01(c), and the Certificate so surrendered
shall forthwith be canceled. In the event of a transfer of ownership of
shares that is not registered in the stock transfer books of the Company,
payment may be made to a person other than the person in whose name the
Certificate so surrendered is registered if such Certificate shall be
properly endorsed or otherwise be in proper form for transfer and the person
requesting such payment shall pay any transfer or other taxes required by
reason of the payment to a person other than the registered holder of such
Certificate or establish to the satisfaction of the Surviving Corporation
that such tax has been paid or is not applicable. No interest shall be paid
or shall accrue on the cash payable upon surrender of any Certificate.  
(c) No Further Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock. All cash paid upon
the surrender of Certificates in accordance with the terms of this Article II
shall be deemed to have been paid in full satisfaction of all rights
pertaining to the shares of Company Common Stock formerly represented by such
Certificates. At the close of business on the day on which the Effective Time
occurs, the stock transfer books of the Company shall be closed, and there
shall be no further registration of transfers on the stock transfer books of
the Surviving Corporation of the shares of Company Common Stock that were
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. If, after the Effective
Time, any Certificate is presented to the Surviving Corporation for transfer
or any other reason, it shall be canceled against delivery of cash to the
holder thereof as provided in this Article II.   (d) Termination of
Exchange Fund. Any portion of the Exchange Fund which remains undistributed
to the holders of the Certificates for six months after the Effective Time
shall be delivered to the Surviving Corporation, upon demand, and any holders
of the Certificates who have not theretofore complied with this Article II
shall thereafter look only to the Surviving Corporation or Parent for payment
of their claim for the Merger Consideration.   (e) No Liability. None of
Parent, Sub, the Company, the Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent shall
be liable to any person in respect of any cash from the Exchange Fund
delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property,
escheat or similar law.   (f) Investment of Exchange Fund. The Paying Agent
shall invest any cash included in the Exchange Fund as directed by Parent
provided, however, that any such investments shall be in (i) securities
issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States
government or any agency or instrumentality thereof and having maturities of
not more than one month from the date of investment, (ii) certificates of
deposit, eurodollar time deposits and bankers\' acceptances with maturities
not exceeding one month and overnight bank deposits with any commercial bank,
depository institution or trust company incorporated or doing business under
the laws of the United States of America, any state thereof or the District
of Columbia, provided that such commercial bank, depository institution
or trust company has, at the time of investment, (A) capital and
surplus exceeding $500,000,000 and (B) outstanding short-term debt securities
which are rated at least A-1 by Standard and Poor\'s, a division of The McGraw-
Hill Companies, Inc., or at least P-1 by Moody\'s Investors Services, Inc.,
(iii) repurchase obligations with a term of not more than 30 days for
underlying securities of the types described in clauses (i) and (ii) above
entered into with any financial institution meeting the qualifications
specified in clause (ii) above, (iv) commercial paper having a rating in the
highest rating categories from Standard and Poor\'s, a division of The McGraw-
Hill Companies, Inc., or Moody\'s Investors Services, Inc. and in each
case maturing within one month from the date of investment and (v) money
market mutual or similar funds having assets in excess of $1,000,000,000.
Any interest and other income resulting from such investments shall be paid
to Parent.   (g) Lost Certificates. If any Certificate shall have been
lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by
the person claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and,
if required by Parent, the posting by such person of a bond in such
reasonable and customary amount as Parent may direct as indemnity against any
claim that may be made against it with respect to such Certificate, the
Paying Agent shall deliver in exchange for such lost, stolen or
destroyed Certificate the applicable Merger Consideration with respect
thereto.   (h) Withholding Rights. Parent shall be entitled to deduct
and withhold from the consideration otherwise payable to any holder of
Company Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement such amounts as may be
required to be deducted and withheld with respect to the making of such
payment under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), or
under any provision of state, local or foreign tax law. To the extent that
amounts are so withheld and paid over to the appropriate taxing authority
by Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent, such
withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as
having been paid to the holder of the shares of Company Common Stock in
respect of which such deduction and withholding was made by Parent, the
Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent.   SECTION 2.03. Adjustment to
Merger Consideration. Without limiting or in any way modifying the covenant
of the Company set forth in Section 4.01(a)(i), in the event that, prior to
the Effective Time, the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock are
changed into a different number of shares as a result of a stock split, stock
dividend, recapitalization, subdivision, reclassification, combination,
exchange of shares or similar transaction, the Merger Consideration shall be
proportionately adjusted to reflect such stock split, stock dividend,
recapitalization, subdivision, reclassification, combination, exchange of
shares or similar transaction.   ARTICLE III   Representations and
Warranties   SECTION 3.01. Representations and Warranties of the
Company. Except as set forth on the disclosure schedule (with specific
reference to the particular subsection of this Agreement to which the
information set forth in such disclosure schedule relates; provided, however,
that to the extent it is reasonably apparent on the face of such exception
that such exception also relates to another subsection of this Section 3.01,
each such other subsection shall also be qualified by such exception)
delivered by the Company to Parent prior to the execution of this Agreement
(the "Company Disclosure Schedule") and except as disclosed in the Company
SEC Documents filed and publicly available prior to the date of this
Agreement (the "Company Filed SEC Documents"), the Company represents and
warrants to Parent and Sub as follows:   (a) Organization, Standing and
Corporate Power. The Company and each of its subsidiaries is a corporation or
other legal entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
(with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) under the laws of
the jurisdiction in which it is organized and has all requisite corporate
or other power, as the case may be, and authority to carry on its business
as now being conducted. The Company and each of its subsidiaries is
duly qualified or licensed to do business and is in good standing (with
respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) in each jurisdiction in
which the nature of its business or the ownership, leasing or operation of
its assets makes such qualification or licensing necessary, except for
those jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified or licensed or to be
in good standing, individually or in the aggregate, has not had and would
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company
has made available to Parent prior to the execution of this Agreement
complete and correct copies of its articles of incorporation and by-laws,
each as amended to the date of this Agreement.   (b) Subsidiaries. Section
3.01(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and correct
list of each of the Company\'s subsidiaries and the jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization of each such subsidiary. All the outstanding
shares of capital stock of, or other equity interests in, each subsidiary of
the Company have been validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable and
are owned directly or indirectly by the Company, free and clear of all
pledges, claims, liens, charges, encumbrances, mortgages and security
interests of any kind or nature whatsoever (collectively, "Liens") and free
of any restriction on the right to vote, sell or otherwise dispose of such
capital stock or other equity interests. Except for the capital stock of its
subsidiaries, the Company does not own, directly or indirectly, any capital
stock or other ownership interest in any person.   (c) Capital Structure.
(i) The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (A) 100,000,000
shares of Company Common Stock, par value $1.00 per share, and (B) 20,000,000
shares of preferred stock, without a set par value, of the Company ("Company
Preferred Stock"), of which 1,000,000 shares have been designated Series X
Junior Participating Preferred Stock, par value $1.00 per share (the "Rights
Plan Preferred Stock"), 97,000 shares have been designated 1987-A Series
Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $1.00 per share, 156,000 shares have
been designated 1988-A Series Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $1.00
per share, 11,000 shares have been designated 1988-1 Series
Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $1.00 per share, 103,000 shares have
been designated 1989-A Series Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $1.00
per share, 45,000 shares have been designated 1989-1 Series
Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $1.00 per share, 11,000 shares have
been designated 1989-2 Series Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $1.00
per share, 138,000 shares have been designated 1990-1 Series
Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $1.00 per share, 11,000 shares have
been designated 1990-2 Series Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $1.00
per share, 155,000 shares have been designated 1991-1 Series
Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $1.00 per share, 11,000 shares have
been designated 1991-2 Series Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $1.00
per share, 11,000 shares have been designated 1992-1 Series
Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $1.00 per share, and 1,000 shares have
been designated 1994-1 Series Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $1.00
per share. At the close of business on July 19, 2002, (A) 14,184,806 shares
of Company Common Stock were issued and outstanding, (B) no shares of
Company Common Stock were held by the Company in its treasury, (C) no shares
of Company Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding, (D) 3,128,736
shares of Company Common Stock were reserved and available for issuance
pursuant to the Company\'s 1988 Long-Term Incentive Plan, 1995 Long-Term
Incentive Plan and 1998 Long-Term Incentive Plan (such plans, collectively,
the "Company Stock Plans"), of which 2,450,055 shares were subject
to outstanding options under the Company Stock Plans, (E) 61,593 shares
of Company Common Stock were reserved and available for issuance pursuant
to the Company\'s 1997 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "ESPP") and
(F) 1,000,000 shares of Rights Plan Preferred Stock were reserved for
issuance in connection with the rights (the "Rights") issued pursuant to the
Rights Agreement between the Company and KeyCorp Shareholder Services,
Inc. ("KeyCorp"), dated as of October 30, 1996, as amended by the
First Amendment to Rights Agreement, effective May 1, 1997, by and among
the Company, KeyCorp and The Bank of New York and the Second Amendment
to Rights Agreement, effective October 1, 2001, by and among the Company,
The Bank of New York and American Stock Transfer and Trust Company (as
so amended, the "Rights Agreement"). The Company has delivered to Parent
a complete and correct list, as of the close of business on July 19, 2002,
of all outstanding stock options or other rights to purchase Company
Common Stock granted under the Company Stock Plans or otherwise
(collectively, the "Company Stock Options"), the number of shares of Company
Common Stock subject to each such Company Stock Option, the grant dates and
exercise prices and vesting schedule of each such Company Stock Option and
the names of the holders thereof. As of the close of business on July 19,
2002, there were outstanding Company Stock Options to purchase 2,450,055
shares of Company Common Stock with exercise prices on a per share basis
lower than the Merger Consideration, and the weighted average exercise price
of such Company Stock Options was equal to approximately $22.003 per share
of Company Common Stock. The maximum number of shares of Company Common
Stock that could be purchased with accumulated payroll deductions under the
ESPP as of July 19, 2002 (assuming for such purpose that the fair market
value of a share of Company Common Stock on such date is equal to the
Merger Consideration) is 4,500.   (ii) Except as set forth above, at the
close of business on  July 19, 2002, no shares of capital stock or other
voting  securities of the Company were issued, reserved for issuance or 
outstanding, and there were no outstanding stock appreciation  rights, rights
to receive shares of Company Common Stock on a  deferred basis or other
rights that are linked to the value of  Company Common Stock, granted under
the Company Stock Plans or  otherwise. Since July 19, 2002, until the date of
this Agreement,  (A) there have been no issuances by the Company of shares
of  capital stock or other voting securities of the Company other than 
issuances of shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to the  exercise of
Company Stock Options or the settlement of purchase  rights under the ESPP,
in each case outstanding at such date as  required by their terms as in
effect on the date of this Agreement  and (B) there have been no issuances by
the Company of options,  warrants or other rights to acquire shares of
capital stock or  other voting securities from the Company, other than rights
that  may have arisen under the ESPP.   (iii) All outstanding shares of
capital stock of the Company  are, and all shares which may be issued
pursuant to the Company  Stock Plans and the ESPP will be, when issued in
accordance with  the terms thereof, duly authorized, validly issued, fully
paid and  nonassessable, and not subject to preemptive rights. There are no 
bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness of the Company or  any of its
subsidiaries, and no securities or other instruments or  obligations of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries the value of  which is in any way based
upon or derived from any capital or  voting stock of the Company, having the
right to vote (or  convertible into, or exchangeable for, securities having
the right  to vote) on any matters on which shareholders of the Company may 
vote. Except as set forth above and except as expressly permitted  under
Section 4.01(a), there are no outstanding securities,  options, warrants,
calls, rights, contracts, commitments,  agreements, instruments,
arrangements, understandings, obligations  or undertakings of any kind to
which the Company or any of its  subsidiaries is a party, or by which the
Company or any of its  subsidiaries is bound, obligating the Company or any
of its  subsidiaries to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, 
delivered or sold, additional shares of capital stock or other  voting
securities of, or securities convertible into, or  exchangeable or
exercisable for, shares of capital stock or other  voting securities of, the
Company or of any of its subsidiaries or  obligating the Company or any of
its subsidiaries to issue, grant,  extend or enter into any such security,
option, warrant, call,  right, contract, commitment, agreement, instrument,
arrangement,  understanding, obligation or undertaking. There are no
outstanding  contractual obligations of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries  to (A) repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of 
capital stock of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or (B)  vote or
dispose of any shares of the capital stock of any of its  subsidiaries.  
(d) Authorization; Noncontravention. The Company has the requisite corporate
power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, subject, in the case of the
Merger, to obtaining the Company Shareholder Approval, and to comply with the
provisions of this Agreement. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by
the Company, the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and the compliance by the Company with the provisions of
this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on
the part of the Company and no other corporate proceedings on the part of the
Company are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, subject, in the case of the
Merger, to obtaining the Company Shareholder Approval. This Agreement has
been duly executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming the due
authorization, execution and delivery by Parent and Sub, constitutes a valid
and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in
accordance with its terms. The Board of Directors of the Company, at a
meeting duly called and held at which all directors of the Company were
present either in person or by telephone, duly and unanimously adopted
resolutions (i) adopting this Agreement, (ii) declaring that it is in the
best interests of the Company\'s shareholders that the Company enter into
this Agreement and consummate the Merger on the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in this Agreement, (iii) declaring that the
consideration to be paid to the Company\'s shareholders in the Merger is fair
to such shareholders, (iv) directing that this Agreement be submitted to a
vote at a meeting of the Company\'s shareholders to be held as promptly as
practicable following the date of this Agreement and (v) recommending that
such shareholders approve this Agreement, which resolutions have not been
modified, supplemented or rescinded and remain in full force and effect. The
execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and compliance by the
Company with the provisions of this Agreement do not and will not conflict
with, or result in any violation or breach of, or default (with or without
notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of, or
result in, termination, cancelation or acceleration of any obligation or to
loss of a material benefit under, or result in the creation of any Lien in or
upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries under, or give rise to any increased, additional, accelerated or
guaranteed rights or entitlements under, any provision of (i) the articles
of incorporation or by-laws of the Company or comparable
organizational documents of any subsidiary of the Company, (ii) any loan or
credit agreement, bond, debenture, note, mortgage, indenture, lease or
other contract, commitment, agreement, instrument, arrangement,
understanding, obligation, undertaking, permit, concession, franchise or
license to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or any of
their respective properties or assets is subject or (iii) subject to
obtaining or making the consents, approvals, orders, authorizations,
registrations, declarations and filings referred to in the following
sentence, any (A) statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation or (B)
judgment, order or decree, in each case, applicable to the Company or any of
its subsidiaries or their respective properties or assets, other than, in the
case of clauses (ii) and (iii), any such conflicts, violations, breaches,
defaults, rights, losses, Liens or entitlements that individually or in the
aggregate would not reasonably be expected to (x) have a Material Adverse
Effect, (y) impair in any material respect the ability of the Company to
perform its obligations under this Agreement or (z) prevent or materially
impede, interfere with, hinder or delay the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No consent, approval, order
or authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with, any
domestic or foreign governmental entity, including any Federal, state or
local government or any court, administrative agency or commission or
other governmental or regulatory authority or agency (each, a
"Governmental Entity") is required by or with respect to the Company or any
of its subsidiaries in connection with the execution and delivery of
this Agreement by the Company, the consummation by the Company of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the compliance by
the Company with the provisions of this Agreement, except for (1) the filing
of a premerger notification and report form by the Company under the Hart-
Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act"),
or similar filings under any other applicable competition, merger control,
antitrust or similar law, (2) the filing with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the "SEC") of a proxy statement relating to the meeting of the
shareholders of the Company to be called and convened for such shareholders
to consider the approval of this Agreement (such proxy statement as amended
or supplemented from time to time, the "Proxy Statement") and such reports
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"),
as may be required in connection with this Agreement, the Shareholder
Agreement and the other transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, (3) the
delivery to the Secretary of State of the State of Mississippi for filing in
accordance with Section 79-4-11.06(b) of the MBCA of the Articles of Merger
and the filing of appropriate documents with the relevant authorities of
other states in which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is qualified to
do business, (4) any filings required under the rules and regulations of the
New York Stock Exchange (the "NYSE"), (5) such consents, approvals,
orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings as may be
required as a result of the status of Parent or Sub and (6) such other
consents, approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations and
filings, the failure of which to be obtained or made, individually or in
the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to (x) have a Material
Adverse Effect, (y) impair in any material respect the ability of the Company
to perform its obligations under this Agreement or (z) prevent or
materially impede, interfere with, hinder or delay the consummation of any of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (e) SEC Documents;
Financial Statements; Undisclosed Liabilities. The Company has filed all
reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents (including exhibits
and other information incorporated therein) required to be filed by the
Company with the SEC since January 1, 2000 (the "Company SEC Documents"). As
of their respective dates, each of the Company SEC Documents complied in all
material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the "Securities Act"), or the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and
the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to
such Company SEC Documents, and none of the Company SEC Documents at the time
it was filed contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to
make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading. The financial statements (including, in each case,
any related notes thereto) of the Company included in the Company SEC
Documents, as of their respective dates of filing, comply as to form in all
material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published
rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, in effect at the time
of filing, have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles ("GAAP") (except, in the case of unaudited statements,
as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC) applied on a consistent basis during
the periods involved (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and
fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position
of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and
the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods
then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end
audit adjustments). Except as set forth in the most recent financial
statements included in the Company Filed SEC Documents, and except for
liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice or in connection with this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has any
liabilities or obligations of any nature (whether accrued, absolute,
contingent or otherwise) (i) of a nature required to be disclosed on a
balance sheet or in the related notes to financial statements prepared in
accordance with GAAP or (ii) which, individually or in the aggregate, have
had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  
(f) Information Supplied. The Proxy Statement will not, at the date the Proxy
Statement is first mailed to the shareholders of the Company or at the time
of the Company Shareholders Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they are made, not misleading, except that no
representation or warranty is made by the Company with respect to statements
made or incorporated by reference therein based on information supplied by or
on behalf of Parent or Sub specifically for inclusion or incorporation by
reference therein.   (g) Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Since the
date of the most recent audited financial statements included in the Company
Filed SEC Documents, the Company and its subsidiaries have conducted their
respective businesses only in the ordinary course consistent with past
practice, and there has not been:   (i) any Material Adverse Change;  
(ii) any declaration, setting aside or payment of any  dividend or other
distribution (whether in cash, stock or  property) with respect to any shares
of capital stock of the  Company or any of its subsidiaries or any repurchase
for value by  the Company or any of its subsidiaries of any shares of
capital  stock of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, other than (A) 
dividends or distributions by a direct or indirect wholly owned  subsidiary
of the Company to its parent and (B) regular quarterly  cash dividends with
respect to the Company Common Stock in the  amount of $0.10 per share with
usual declaration, record and  payment dates;   (iii) any split,
combination or reclassification of any  shares of capital stock of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries  or any issuance or the authorization of
any issuance of any other  securities in respect of, in lieu of or in
substitution for shares  of capital stock of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries;   (iv) (A) any granting by the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries to any current or former director, officer or  employee of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries of any increase  in compensation, bonus or
other benefits, except for normal  increases in compensation in the ordinary
course of business  consistent with past practice or as was required under
any  employee benefit plan or employment agreement set forth in Section 
3.01(m) or Section 3.01(n)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule,  as the
case may be, or applicable law, (B) any granting by the  Company or any of
its subsidiaries to any current or former  director, officer or employee of
the Company or any of its  subsidiaries of any increase in severance or
termination pay,  except as was required under any employee benefit plan or 
employment, severance or termination agreement set forth in  Section 3.01(m)
or Section 3.01(n)(i) of the Company Disclosure  Schedule, as the case may
be, or applicable law, (C) any entry by  the Company or any of its
subsidiaries into, or any amendment of,  (1) any employment, deferred
compensation, consulting, severance,  termination or indemnification
agreement, arrangement or  understanding with any current or former director,
officer or  employee or (2) any agreement with any current or former
director,  officer or employee the benefits of which are contingent, or the 
terms of which are materially altered, upon the occurrence of a  transaction
involving the Company of a nature contemplated by this  Agreement (all such
agreements under this clause (C),  collectively, "Benefit Agreements") or (D)
any amendment to, or  modification of, any Company Stock Option or Company
Stock-Based  Award;   (v) any change in accounting methods, principles or 
practices by the Company or any of its subsidiaries materially  affecting the
consolidated assets, liabilities or results of  operations of the Company,
except insofar as may have been  required by a change in GAAP, or any
material revaluation of any  material assets of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries;   (vi) any material election with respect to taxes by the 
Company or any of its subsidiaries or settlement or compromise by  the
Company or any of its subsidiaries of any material tax  liability; or  
(vii) any damage, destruction or loss, whether or not  covered by insurance,
that individually or in the aggregate has  had or would reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse  Effect.   (h) Litigation. There is no
suit, action or proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its subsidiaries that
individually or in the aggregate has had or would reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect, nor is there any judgment, decree,
injunction, rule or order of any Governmental Entity or arbitrator
outstanding against, or, to the knowledge of the Company, investigation by
any Governmental Entity involving, the Company or any of its subsidiaries
that individually or in the aggregate has had or would reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect.   (i) Taxes. (i) Each of the Company and
its subsidiaries has timely filed all Federal, state and local, domestic and
foreign, income and franchise tax returns and reports and all other tax
returns and reports required to be filed by it and all such returns and
reports are complete and correct, except for such failures to file or to be
complete and correct that individually or in the aggregate has not had and
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each of
the Company and its subsidiaries has timely paid all taxes due with respect
to the taxable periods covered by such returns and reports and all other
material taxes, except where the failures so to pay individually or in the
aggregate has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect, and the most recent financial statements contained in the
Company Filed SEC Documents reflect an adequate reserve for all taxes payable
by the Company and its subsidiaries for all taxable periods and
portions thereof through the date of such financial statements, whether or
not any such taxes are shown as being due on any tax return of the Company or
any of its subsidiaries.   (ii) No Federal, state or local, domestic or
foreign, income  or franchise tax return or report or any other material tax
return  or report of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is currently 
under audit or examination by any taxing authority, and no written  or, to
the knowledge of the Company, unwritten notice of such an  audit or
examination has been received by the Company or any of  its subsidiaries,
except for such audits or examinations that  individually or in the aggregate
have not had and would not  reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. There is  no deficiency, refund litigation, proposed adjustment or
matter in  controversy with respect to any taxes due and owing by the
Company  or any of its subsidiaries, other than those that individually or 
in the aggregate have not had and would not reasonably be expected  to have a
Material Adverse Effect. Each deficiency resulting from  any audit or
examination or any concluded litigation relating to  taxes by any taxing
authority has been timely paid, except where  the failures so to pay
individually or in the aggregate has not  had and would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material  Adverse Effect. No issues relating to taxes were
raised in writing  by the relevant taxing authority during any presently
pending  audit or examination that would reasonably be expected to recur in 
a later taxable period, other than those that individually or in  the
aggregate have not had and would not reasonably be expected to  have a
Material Adverse Effect. All assessments for taxes due and  owing by the
Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to  completed and settled
audits or examinations or concluded  litigation have been paid.   (iii)
There is no currently effective agreement or other  document extending, or
having the effect of extending, the period  of assessment or collection of
any material taxes, and no power of  attorney with respect to any taxes has
been executed or filed with  any taxing authority.   (iv) No Liens for
taxes exist with respect to any assets or  properties of the Company or any
of its subsidiaries, except for  statutory Liens for taxes that are not yet
due or are being  contested in good faith in appropriate proceedings and any
other  Liens that individually or in the aggregate have not had and would 
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.   (v) None of
the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a  party to or bound by any tax
sharing agreement, tax indemnity  obligation or similar agreement,
arrangement or practice with  respect to taxes (including any advance pricing
agreement, closing  agreement or other agreement relating to taxes with any
taxing  authority).   (vi) The Company and its subsidiaries have complied
with all  applicable statutes, laws, ordinances, rules and regulations 
relating to the payment and withholding of taxes (including  withholding of
taxes pursuant to Sections 1441, 1442, 3121 and  3402 of the Code or similar
provisions under any Federal, state or  local, domestic or foreign, laws) and
have, within the time and  the manner prescribed by law, withheld from and
paid over to the  proper taxing authorities all amounts required to be so
withheld  or paid over under applicable laws, except where the failures so 
to comply, withhold and pay over individually or in the aggregate  has not
had and would not reasonably be expected to have a  Material Adverse
Effect.   (vii) Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has 
constituted either a "distributing corporation" or a "controlled 
corporation" in a distribution of stock qualifying for tax-free  treatment
under Section 355 of the Code in the two years prior to  the date of this
Agreement.   (viii) To the knowledge of the Company, neither the Company 
nor any of its subsidiaries (A) has been a member of an affiliated  group
filing a consolidated, combined or unitary tax return (other  than a group
the common parent of which was the Company) in any  open tax year or (B) has
any liability for taxes of any person  (other than the Company or any of its
subsidiaries) under Treasury  Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any other
similar provision of  state, local or foreign law), as a transferee or
successor, by  contract or otherwise.   (ix) Neither the Company nor any of
its subsidiaries is or  has been a United States real property holding
corporation (as  defined in Section 897(c)(2) of the Code) during the
applicable  period specified in Section 897(c)(1)(ii) of the Code.   (x)
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has been  the subject of an
IRS tax ruling that has had or would reasonably  be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect with respect to any  open tax year.   (xi) Neither
the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has  agreed to include, or, to the
knowledge of the Company, is  required to include, in income any material
adjustment under  Section 481(a) of the Code (or an analogous provision of
state,  local or foreign law) by reason of a change in accounting method  or
otherwise that has had or would reasonably be expected to have  a Material
Adverse Effect.   (xii) As used in this Agreement, "tax" or "taxes" shall 
include all Federal, state and local, domestic and foreign,  income,
franchise, property, sales, excise, employment, payroll,  social security,
value-added, ad valorem, transfer, withholding  and other taxes, including
taxes based on or measured by gross  receipts, profits, sales, use or
occupation, tariffs, levies,  impositions, assessments or governmental
charges of any nature  whatsoever, including any interest penalties or
additions with  respect thereto, and any obligations under any agreements
or  arrangements with any other person with respect to such amounts.   (j)
Contracts. (i) Section 3.01(j) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth
each contract, commitment, agreement, lease, instrument, arrangement,
understanding, obligation or undertaking to which the Company or any of its
subsidiaries is a party or by or to which any of their properties are bound
or subject that is material to the business of the Company and its
subsidiaries, taken as a whole, including any such contract, commitment,
agreement, lease, instrument, arrangement, understanding, obligation or
undertaking:   (A) pursuant to which the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries has agreed not to compete with any person, or  to actively
engage, in any line of business;   (B) pursuant to which the Company or any
of its  subsidiaries has entered into an exclusive distributorship 
arrangement;   (C) with (1) any beneficial owner of more than one  percent
of the outstanding Company Common Stock or more than  one percent of the
capital stock of any of the Company\'s  subsidiaries, (2) any affiliate of
the Company or any of its  subsidiaries or (3) any current or former
director, officer,  employee or consultant of the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries or of any affiliate of the Company or any of  its subsidiaries
(other than pursuant to Benefit Agreements  or Benefit Plans);   (D) that
grants exclusive license rights to material  Intellectual Property of the
Company;   (E) under which the Company or any of its  subsidiaries has (1)
incurred any indebtedness for borrowed  money that is currently owing or (2)
given any guarantee in  respect of indebtedness for repayment of borrowed
money, in  each case having an aggregate principal amount in excess of 
$100,000;   (F) that contains any guarantees as to the Company\'s  or any
of its subsidiaries future revenues or operating  income;   (G) that is
otherwise material and that requires any  consent (including any consent to
assignment) of or notice  to a third party, or any approval, authorization, 
qualification or order of any Governmental Entity, in  connection with this
Agreement or the consummation of the  transactions contemplated hereby in
order to avoid  termination of or loss of benefits thereunder;   (H)
providing for payments of royalties to third  parties at a current rate in
excess of $100,000 per year;   (I) not made in the ordinary course of
business  granting a third party any license to any material  Intellectual
Property rights of the Company or any of its  subsidiaries, other than
"shrink-wrap" licenses or licenses  granted in connection with the sale of
products;   (J) providing confidential treatment by the Company  or any of
its subsidiaries of third party information, other  than (1) nondisclosure
agreements entered into by the  Company or any of its subsidiaries in the
ordinary course of  business or (2) the Confidentiality Agreement;   (K)
granting the other party thereto or a third party  "most favored nation"
status that, following consummation of  the Merger, would in any way apply to
Parent or any of its  subsidiaries (other than the Company and its
subsidiaries  and their products);   (L) pursuant to which the Company or
any of its  subsidiaries receives or has a continuing obligation to 
purchase any information technology services or information  technology
products that are material to the conduct of the  business of the Company and
its subsidiaries, taken as a  whole.   (ii) Each contract of the Company
and its subsidiaries  required to be listed in Section 3.01(j) of the Company
Disclosure  Schedule is in full force and effect and is a legal, valid and 
binding agreement of the Company or such subsidiary and, to the  knowledge of
the Company, of each other party thereto, enforceable  against the Company or
such subsidiary, as the case may be, and,  to the knowledge of the Company,
against the other party or  parties thereto, in each case, in accordance with
its terms,  except for such failures to be in full force and effect or 
enforceable that individually or in the aggregate have not had and  would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse  Effect. Each of the
Company and its subsidiaries has performed or  is performing in all material
respects all material obligations  required to be performed by it under such
contracts and is not  (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) in
breach or  default in any material respect thereunder, and, to the
knowledge  of the Company, no other party to any of such contracts is (with 
or without notice or lapse of time or both) in breach or default  in any
material respect thereunder except, in each case, for such  instances of
nonperformance and such breaches that individually or  in the aggregate have
not had and would not reasonably be expected  to have a Material Adverse
Effect.   (k) Compliance with Laws. The Company and its subsidiaries
are, and since December 31, 2000 have been, in compliance with all
statutes, laws, ordinances, rules, regulations, judgments, orders and decrees
of any Governmental Entity applicable to their businesses or operations,
except for instances of noncompliance that individually or in the aggregate
have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect, impair in any material respect the ability of the Company
to perform its obligations under this Agreement or prevent or
materially impede, interfere with, hinder or delay the consummation of any of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. None of the Company or any
of its subsidiaries has received, since December 31, 2000, a written notice
or other written communication alleging a violation of any statute,
law, ordinance, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any
Governmental Entity applicable to its businesses or operations, except for
such violations that individually or in the aggregate have not had and would
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company
and its subsidiaries have in effect all Federal, state and local, domestic
and foreign, governmental consents, approvals, orders,
authorizations, certificates, filings, notices, permits, concessions,
franchises, licenses and rights (collectively "Permits") necessary for them
to own, lease or operate their properties and assets and to carry on their
businesses as now conducted and there has occurred no violation of, or
default under, any such Permit, except for the lack of Permits and for
violations of, or defaults under, Permits, which lack of Permits, violations
or defaults individually or in the aggregate have not had and would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The consummation of
the Merger, in and of itself, would not reasonably be expected to cause the
revocation or cancelation of any such Permit, which revocation or cancelation
would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.   (l)
Environmental Matters. Except as has not had and would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (i) to the knowledge of the
Company, each of the Company and its subsidiaries are, and within the period
of all applicable statutes of limitations has been, in compliance with all
applicable Environmental Laws, including with respect to the use and disposal
of Hazardous Materials; (ii) each of the Company and its subsidiaries has
received all air, water and waste Permits required under any Environmental
Law for the emission and/or disposal of solid, liquid and gaseous materials
from its operations at all its sites, including any Permits for construction
under the Clean Air Act, and is operating in compliance with such Permits;
(iii) to the knowledge of the Company, no property currently or formerly
owned or operated by the Company or any of its subsidiaries (including soils,
groundwater, surface water, buildings or other structures) has been
contaminated with any Hazardous Materials which would subject the Company to
any liability under Environmental Laws or require any expenditure for
remediation to meet applicable standards thereunder; (iv) to the knowledge of
the Company, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is subject to
any liability for Hazardous Materials disposal or contamination on any third
party property; (v) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has
received, since December 31, 1997, any written notice, demand, letter, claim
or request for information from any Governmental Entity indicating that it
is or may be in violation of or subject to liability under any
Environmental Law, other than written notices, demands, letters, claims, or
requests for information that relate to matters that have been resolved with
the appropriate Governmental Entity with no further anticipated liability
to the Company or its subsidiaries; (vi) neither the Company nor any of
its subsidiaries is subject to any order, decree, injunction or
other arrangement with any Governmental Entity or any indemnity or
other agreement with any person, in each case relating to liability under
any Environmental Law; (vii) Section 3.01(l) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule sets forth a complete and correct list of each property of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries that contains any underground storage
tanks; and (viii) there are no other circumstances or conditions involving
the Company or any of its subsidiaries that would reasonably be expected to
result in any claims, liability, investigations, costs or restrictions on
the ownership, use, or transfer of any property of the Company or any of
its subsidiaries in connection with any Environmental Law. The
representations and warranties set forth in this Section 3.01(1) are the
Company\'s sole and exclusive representations in this Agreement relating to
environmental matters. The term "Environmental Laws" means all statutes,
laws, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, orders, decrees, judgments,
injunctions, Permits or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered
into by any Governmental Entity, relating in any way to the environment,
preservation or reclamation of natural resources, the presence, management,
Release or threat of Release of, or exposure to, Hazardous Materials, or to
human health and safety. The term "Hazardous Materials" means (A)
petroleum products and by-products, asbestos and asbestos-containing
materials, urea formaldehyde foam insulation, medical or infectious wastes,
polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, chlorofluorocarbons and all other
ozone-depleting substances or (B) any chemical, material, substance, waste,
pollutant or contaminant that is prohibited, limited or regulated by or
pursuant to any Environmental Law. The term "Release" means any spilling,
leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting,
escaping, leaching, dumping, disposing or migrating into or through the
environment.   (m) Absence of Changes in Benefit Plans; Labor Relations.
Except as required to comply with applicable law, since the date of the
most recent audited financial statements included in the Company Filed
SEC Documents, there has not been any adoption or amendment in any
material respect by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of any
collective bargaining agreement or any employment, bonus, pension, profit
sharing, deferred compensation, incentive compensation, stock ownership,
stock purchase, stock appreciation, restricted stock, stock option,
phantom stock, performance, retirement, thrift, savings, stock bonus, paid
time off, perquisite, fringe benefit, vacation, severance, disability,
death benefit, hospitalization, medical, welfare benefit or other plan,
program, policy, arrangement or understanding (whether or not legally
binding) maintained, contributed to or required to be maintained or
contributed to by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any other person
or entity that, together with the Company, is treated as a single employer
under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code (each, a "Commonly
Controlled Entity"), in each case providing benefits to any current or
former director, officer, employee or consultant of the Company or any of
its subsidiaries (collectively, the "Benefit Plans"), or any material change
in any actuarial or other assumption used to calculate funding
obligations with respect to any Pension Plans, or any change in the manner in
which contributions to any Pension Plans are made or the basis on which
such contributions are determined. Section 3.01(m) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule contains a complete and correct list of (i) each
currently binding Benefit Agreement and (ii) each collective bargaining
agreement or other labor union contract to which the Company or any of its
subsidiaries are a party as of the date of this Agreement. There is no labor
dispute, strike or work stoppage against the Company or any of its
subsidiaries pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened which
would interfere with the respective business activities of the Company or its
subsidiaries, except where such dispute, strike or work stoppage has not had
and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. None
of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company,
any of their respective representatives or employees has committed an
unfair labor practice in connection with the operation of the
respective businesses of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, there is no
charge or complaint against the Company or any of its subsidiaries by the
National Labor Relations Board or any comparable Governmental Entity pending
or threatened in writing and there are no other pending, or, to the
knowledge of the Company, threatened lawsuits, grievances or claims involving
the Company or any of its subsidiaries related to labor or employment
matters, in each case other than any such matter that has not had and would
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.   (n) ERISA
Compliance. (i) Section 3.01(n)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
contains a complete and correct list of each Benefit Plan that is an
"employee pension benefit plan" (as defined in Section 3(2) of the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA")) (a "Pension
Plan"), each Benefit Plan that provides severance benefits, vacation, paid
time off or bonus leave, each Benefit Plan that provides for the purchase or
issuance of shares of capital stock, warrants, options, stock appreciation
rights or other rights in respect of any shares of capital stock of any
entity or any securities convertible or exchangeable into such shares, each
"employee welfare benefit plan" (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA) that
provides for medical, dental, life and disability insurance benefits, and
each other material Benefit Plan. The Company has made available to Parent
complete and correct copies of (A) each Benefit Plan required to be listed on
Section 3.10(n)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule (or, in the case of any
such Benefit Plan that is unwritten, descriptions thereof), (B) the two most
recent annual reports on Form 5500 required to be filed with the Internal
Revenue Service (the "IRS") with respect to each Benefit Plan (if any such
report was required), (C) the most recent summary plan description for each
Benefit Plan for which such summary plan description is required and (D) each
trust agreement and insurance or group annuity contract relating to any
Benefit Plan. Each Benefit Plan maintained, contributed to or required to
be contributed to by the Company or any of its subsidiaries has
been administered in all material respects in accordance with its terms.
The Benefit Plans have been established and administered in compliance in
all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and
all other applicable laws, including laws of foreign jurisdictions.   (ii)
All Pension Plans maintained, contributed to or  required to be contributed
to by the Company or any of its  subsidiaries intended to be tax-qualified
have been the subject of  determination letters from the IRS to the effect
that such Pension  Plans are qualified and exempt from Federal income taxes
under  Sections 401(a) and 501(a), respectively, of the Code, no such 
determination letter has been revoked (or, to the knowledge of the  Company,
has revocation been threatened) and, to the knowledge of  the Company, (A) no
event has occurred since the date of the most  recent determination letter or
application therefor relating to  any such Pension Plan that would adversely
affect the  qualification of such Pension Plan and (B) no event has
occurred  since the date of the most recent audited financial statements 
included in the Company Filed SEC Documents that would reasonably  be
expected to materially increase the costs relating to such  Pension Plan or
require security under Section 307 of ERISA. All  Pension Plans maintained,
contributed to or required to be  contributed to by the Company or any of its
subsidiaries required  to have been approved by any foreign Governmental
Entity have been  so approved, no such approval has been revoked (or, to
the  knowledge of the Company, has revocation been threatened) and, to  the
knowledge of the Company, (A) no event has occurred since the  date of the
most recent approval or application therefor relating  to any such Pension
Plan that would materially affect any such  approval relating thereto and (B)
no event has occurred since the  date of the most recent audited financial
statements included in  the Company Filed SEC Documents that would reasonably
be expected  to materially increase the costs relating to any such Pension 
Plan. The Company has made available to Parent a complete and  correct copy
of the most recent determination letter received with  respect to each
Pension Plan maintained, contributed to or  required to be contributed to by
the Company or any of its  subsidiaries, as well as a complete and correct
copy of each  pending application for a determination letter, if any. The 
Company has also made available to Parent a complete and correct  list of all
amendments to any Pension Plan maintained, contributed  to or required to be
contributed to by the Company or any of its  subsidiaries as to which a
favorable determination letter has not  yet been received.   (iii) Neither
the Company nor any Commonly Controlled Entity  (A) maintains, contributes to
or is required to contribute to any  Benefit Plan that is subject to Title IV
of ERISA or (B) has any  unsatisfied liability under Title IV of ERISA.  
(iv) All material reports, returns and similar documents  with respect to all
Benefit Plans required to be filed with any  Governmental Entity or
distributed to any Benefit Plan participant  have been duly and timely filed
or distributed. The Company has  received no notice of, and to the knowledge
of the Company, there  are no investigations by any Governmental Entity with
respect to,  termination proceedings or other claims (except claims for 
benefits payable in the normal operation of the Benefit Plans),  suits or
proceedings against or involving any Benefit Plan or  asserting any rights or
claims to benefits under any Benefit Plan  that could give rise to any
material liability, and, to the  knowledge of the Company, there are not any
facts that could give  rise to any material liability in the event of any
such  investigation, claim, suit or proceeding.   (v) All contributions,
premiums and benefit payments under  or in connection with the Benefit Plans
that are required to have  been made as of the date hereof in accordance with
the terms of  the Benefit Plans have been timely made or have been reflected
on  the most recent consolidated balance sheet filed or incorporated  by
reference into the Company Filed SEC Documents. No Pension Plan  has an
"accumulated funding deficiency" (as such term is defined  in Section 302 of
ERISA or Section 412 of the Code), whether or  not waived.   (vi) With
respect to each Benefit Plan, (A) there has not  occurred any prohibited
transaction in which the Company or any of  its subsidiaries or any of their
respective employees has engaged  that could subject the Company or any of
its subsidiaries or any  of their respective employees, or, to the knowledge
of the  Company, a trustee, administrator or other fiduciary of any trust 
created under any Benefit Plan, to the tax or penalty on  prohibited
transactions imposed by Section 4975 of ERISA or the  sanctions imposed under
Title I of ERISA and (B) neither the  Company nor any of its subsidiaries
nor, to the knowledge of the  Company, any trustee, administrator or other
fiduciary of any  Benefit Plan nor any agent of any of the foregoing, has
engaged in  any transaction or acted in a manner that could, or failed to
act  so as to, subject the Company or any of its subsidiaries or, to  the
knowledge of the Company, any trustee, administrator or other  fiduciary, to
any liability for breach of fiduciary duty under  ERISA or any other
applicable law. No Pension Plan or related  trust has been terminated, nor
has there been any "reportable  event" (as that term is defined in Section
4043 of ERISA) for  which the 30-day reporting requirement has not been
waived with  respect to any Benefit Plan during the last five years, and no 
advance notice of a reportable event will be required to be filed  in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this  Agreement.   (vii)
Each Benefit Plan that is an employee welfare benefit  plan and which is
required to be listed in Section 3.01(n)(i) of  the Company Disclosure
Schedule may be amended or terminated  (including with respect to benefits
provided to retirees and other  former employees) without material liability
to the Company or any  of its subsidiaries at any time after the Effective
Time (subject  to any applicable notice periods). Each of the Company and
its  subsidiaries complies in all material respects with the applicable 
requirements of Section 4980B(f) of the Code or any similar state  statute
with respect to each Benefit Plan that is a group health  plan, as such term
is defined in Section 5000(b)(1) of the Code or  such state statute. Neither
the Company nor any of its  subsidiaries has any material obligations for
retiree health or  life insurance benefits under any Benefit Plan that is
required to  be listed in Section 3.01(n)(i) of the Company Disclosure 
Schedule.   (viii) None of the execution and delivery of this Agreement, 
the obtaining of the Company Shareholder Approval or the  consummation of the
Merger or any other transaction contemplated  by this Agreement (including as
a result of any termination of  employment during a fixed period following
the Effective Time)  will (A) entitle any current or former director,
officer, employee  or consultant of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
to  severance or termination pay, (B) accelerate the time of payment  or
vesting or trigger any payment or funding (through a grantor  trust or
otherwise) of compensation or benefits under, increase  the amount payable or
trigger any other material obligation  pursuant to, any Benefit Plan or (C)
result in any breach or  violation of, or a default under, any Benefit
Plan.   (ix) Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has any 
material liability or obligations under or on account of a Benefit  Plan and
arising out of the hiring of persons to provide services  to the Company or
any of its subsidiaries and treating such  persons as consultants or
independent contractors and not as  employees of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries.   (o) No Excess Parachute Payments. Other than payments or
benefits that may be made pursuant to the agreements and plans listed in
Section 3.01(o) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no amount or other
entitlement or economic benefit that could be received (whether in cash or
property or the vesting of property) by or for the benefit of any director,
officer, employee or consultant of the Company or any of its affiliates who
is a "disqualified individual" (as such term is defined in proposed
Treasury Regulation Section 1.280G-1) under any Benefit Plan, Benefit
Agreement or otherwise would be characterized as an "excess parachute
payment" (as such term is defined in Section 280G(b)(1) of the Code). Section
3.01(o) of the Company Disclosure sets forth a complete and correct list of
the name and title of each person entitled to receive any additional payment
from the Company or any of its subsidiaries, the Surviving Corporation or any
other person in the event that the excise tax required by Section 4999(a) of
the Code is imposed on such person.   (p) Vote Required. The affirmative
vote of holders of a majority of the shares represented in person or by proxy
at a meeting at which a quorum consisting of at least a majority of the
outstanding shares of Company Common Stock to approve this Agreement (the
"Company Shareholder Approval") is the only vote of the holders of any class
or series of capital stock of the Company necessary to approve this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby.   (q) State Takeover Statutes.
The Board of Directors of the Company has unanimously approved the terms of
this Agreement and the consummation of the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, and such approval represents all action
necessary to render inapplicable to this Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the provisions of the
Mississippi Shareholder Protection Act and paragraph (A) of Article V of the
Company\'s articles of incorporation to the extent, if any, the Mississippi
Shareholder Protection Act or such paragraph (A) would otherwise be
applicable to this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. The Mississippi Control Share Act is not
applicable to this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement pursuant to Article X of the Company\'s
articles of incorporation. No other fair price, moratorium, control share
acquisition or other form of antitakeover statute, rule or regulation of the
State of Mississippi applies or purports to apply to this Agreement, the
Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (r)
Rights Agreement. The Company and the Board of Directors of the Company have
taken all action necessary to cause the Rights Agreement to be amended to (i)
render the Rights inapplicable to this Agreement, the Shareholder Agreement,
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the
Shareholder Agreement and (ii) ensure that (A) none of Parent, Sub or any of
their respective affiliates or associates is or will become an "Acquiring
Person" or "Adverse Person" (each, as defined in the Rights Agreement) by
reason of this Agreement, the Shareholder Agreement, the Merger or any other
transaction contemplated by this Agreement and the Shareholder Agreement and
(B) a "Distribution Date" (as defined in the Rights Agreement) shall not
occur by reason of this Agreement, the Shareholder Agreement, the Merger or
any other transaction contemplated by this Agreement and the Shareholder
Agreement.   (s) Brokers. No broker, investment banker, financial advisor
or other person, other than Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation, the
fees and expenses of which will be paid by the Company, is entitled to
any broker\'s, finder\'s, financial advisor\'s or other similar fee or
commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Company. The Company
has delivered to Parent complete and correct copies of all agreements
under which any such fees or expenses are payable and all indemnification
and other agreements related to the engagement of the persons to whom such
fees are payable.   (t) Opinion of Financial Advisor. The Board of
Directors of the Company has received the opinion of Credit Suisse First
Boston Corporation, dated the date of this Agreement, to the effect that, as
of such date, the Merger Consideration is fair, from a financial point of
view, to holders of Company Common Stock, and a signed copy of such opinion
has been, or will promptly be, delivered to Parent solely for informational
purposes.   (u) Title to Properties. (i) The Company and each of
its subsidiaries has good and valid title to, or valid leasehold interests
in, all of its material properties and assets except for such as are no
longer used or useful in the conduct of its business or as have been disposed
of in the ordinary course of business and except for defects in
title, easements, restrictive covenants and similar encumbrances that
individually or in the aggregate have not materially interfered with, and
would not reasonably be expected to materially interfere with, its ability to
conduct its business as presently conducted. All such material assets
and properties, other than assets and properties in which the Company or any
of its subsidiaries has a leasehold interest, are free and clear of all
Liens, except for Liens that individually or in the aggregate have not
materially interfered with, and would not reasonably be expected to
materially interfere with, the ability of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries to conduct its business as presently conducted.   (ii) Each of
the Company and its subsidiaries has complied  in all material respects with
the terms of all material leases to  which it is a party and under which it
is in occupancy, and all  such leases are in full force and effect, except
for such  instances of noncompliance or failures to be in full force and 
effect that individually or in the aggregate have not had and  would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse  Effect. Each of the
Company and its subsidiaries enjoys peaceful  and undisturbed possession
under all such material leases, except  for failures to do so that,
individually or in the aggregate, have  not had and would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material  Adverse Effect.   (v) Intellectual Property.
(i) Section 3.01(v) of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists all patents,
patent applications, registrations of or applications for trademarks, trade
names, service marks and registered copyrights and applications therefor, if
any, owned by or licensed to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, and all
material license agreements relating to any Intellectual Property (other
than "shrink-wrap" licenses or licenses granted in connection with the sale
of products) to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party,
in each case as of the date of this Agreement.   (ii) Except as has not had
and would not reasonably be  expected to have a Material Adverse Effect:  
(A) the Company and each of its subsidiaries owns, or  is licensed or
otherwise has the right to use (in each  case, free and clear of any Liens),
all Intellectual  Property used in carrying on its business as presently 
being conducted;   (B) to the knowledge of the Company, neither the 
Company nor any of its subsidiaries is, in the conduct of  its business as
presently being conducted, infringing on  any valid and/or enforceable patent
or patent application  or otherwise violating any other valid and/or
enforceable  Intellectual Property owned or controlled by any other 
person;   (C) the Company and each of its subsidiaries is in  substantial
compliance with the terms of all material  licenses, agreements and contracts
pursuant to which the  Company or such subsidiary has the right to use any 
Intellectual Property owned by any other person, and the  consummation of the
Merger will not impair or adversely  affect the rights of the Company to use
any such  Intellectual Property;   (D) there is no suit, claim, action,
investigation or  proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, 
threatened orally or in writing by any other person  naming or accusing the
Company or any of its subsidiaries  of possible infringement of any patent or
patent  application or of otherwise violating any Intellectual  Property
owned or controlled by any other person;   (E) to the knowledge of the
Company, no person is  infringing on or otherwise violating any right of
the  Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to any  Intellectual
Property owned by, licensed to or otherwise  used by the Company or any of
its subsidiaries;   (F) to the knowledge of the Company, none of the 
former or current research scientists, technicians or  other personnel of the
Company or any of its  subsidiaries, including all former and current
employees,  agents, consultants and contractors who have contributed  to or
participated in the conception and development of  the material Intellectual
Property of the Company or any  of its subsidiaries, have asserted in writing
or, to the  Company\'s knowledge, threatened to assert a valid claim 
against the Company or any of its subsidiaries in  connection with the
involvement of such persons in the  conception and development of any such
Intellectual  Property;   (G) the Company and each of its subsidiaries
has  taken commercially reasonable steps to protect their  material
Intellectual Property and their rights  thereunder, and to the knowledge of
the Company no  material rights to such Intellectual Property have been 
lost, diluted or otherwise materially impaired or are in  jeopardy of being
lost, diluted or otherwise materially  impaired through failure to act by the
Company or any of  its subsidiaries.   (iii) As used in this Agreement,
"Intellectual Property"  means trademarks (registered or unregistered),
service marks,  brand names, certification marks, trade dress, assumed
names,  trade names, domain names and other indications of origin, the 
goodwill associated with the foregoing and registrations in any  jurisdiction
of, and applications in any jurisdiction to register,  the foregoing,
including any extension, modification or renewal of  any such registration or
application; inventions, discoveries and  ideas, whether patented, patentable
or not in any jurisdiction;  chemical formulas and manufacturing processes;
computer programs  and software (including source code, object code and
data),  know-how and any other technology; trade secrets and confidential 
information and rights in any jurisdiction to limit the use or  disclosure
thereof by any person; writings and other works,  whether copyrighted,
copyrightable or not in any jurisdiction;  registration or applications for
registration of copyrights in any  jurisdiction, and any renewals or
extensions thereof; any similar  intellectual property or proprietary rights
similar to any of the  foregoing; and licenses, immunities, covenants not to
sue and the  like relating to any of the foregoing.   SECTION 3.02.
Representations and Warranties of Parent and Sub. Parent and Sub represent
and warrant to the Company as follows:   (a) Organization and Authority.
Each of Parent and Sub is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and has
all requisite corporate power and authority to conduct its business as
presently conducted. Parent has made available to the Company prior to the
execution of this agreement complete and correct copies of the articles of
incorporation and by-laws of Sub, as amended to the date of this
Agreement.   (b) Authorization; Noncontravention. Parent and Sub have
the requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver
this Agreement, to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and to comply with the provisions of this Agreement. The execution
and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Sub, the consummation by
Parent and Sub of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
the compliance by Parent and Sub with the provisions of this Agreement
have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part
of Parent and Sub (including approval of this Agreement by the
sole shareholder of Sub) and no other corporate proceedings on the part
of Parent or Sub are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. This Agreement
has been duly executed and delivered by Parent and Sub, as applicable, and,
assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by the Company,
constitutes a valid and binding obligation of Parent and Sub, as applicable,
enforceable against Parent and Sub, as applicable, in accordance with its
terms. The execution and delivery by Parent and Sub of this Agreement and
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and compliance by Parent and Sub with the provisions of this Agreement do
not and will not conflict with, or result in any violation or breach of,
or default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or
give rise to a right of, or result in, termination, cancelation or
acceleration of any obligation or to loss of a material benefit under, or
result in the creation of any Lien in or upon any of the properties or assets
of Parent or Sub under, or give rise to any increased, additional,
accelerated or guaranteed rights or entitlements under, any provision of (i)
the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of Parent or the articles
of incorporation or by-laws of Sub, (ii) any loan or credit agreement,
bond, debenture, note, mortgage, indenture, lease or other contract,
commitment, agreement, instrument, arrangement, understanding, obligation,
undertaking, permit, concession, franchise or license to which Parent or Sub
is a party or any of their respective properties or assets is subject or
(iii) subject to obtaining or making the consents, approvals, orders,
authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings referred to in the
following sentence, any (A) statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation or
(B) judgment, order or decree, in each case, applicable to Parent or Sub or
any of their respective properties or assets, other than, in the case
of clauses (ii) and (iii), any such conflicts, violations, breaches,
defaults, rights, losses, Liens or entitlements that individually or in the
aggregate would not reasonably be expected to impair in any material respect
the ability of each of Parent and Sub to perform its obligations under
this Agreement or prevent or materially impede, interfere with, hinder or
delay the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. No consent, approval, order or authorization of, or
registration, declaration or filing with, any Governmental Entity is required
by or with respect to Parent or Sub in connection with the execution and
delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Sub, the consummation by Parent and
Sub of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the compliance by
Parent or Sub with the provisions of this Agreement, except for (1) the
filing of a premerger notification and report form under the HSR Act or
similar filings under any other applicable competition, merger control,
antitrust or similar law, (2) the filing with the SEC of such reports under
the Exchange Act as may be required in connection with this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby, (3) the delivery to the Secretary
of State of the State of Mississippi for filing in accordance with
Section 79-4-11.06(b) of the MBCA of the Articles of Merger and the filing
of appropriate documents with the relevant authorities of other states
in which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is qualified to do
business and (4) such other consents, approvals, orders,
authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings the failure of which
to be obtained or made individually or in the aggregate would not reasonably
be expected to impair in any material respect the ability of each of Parent
and Sub to perform its obligations under this Agreement or prevent or
materially impede, interfere with, hinder or delay the consummation of any of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (c) Information
Supplied. None of the information supplied or to be supplied by or on behalf
of Parent or Sub for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Proxy
Statement will, at the date the Proxy Statement is first mailed to
shareholders of the Company or at the time of the Company Shareholders
Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading.   (d) Interim Operations of Sub. Sub was formed solely for
the purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
and has engaged in no business other than in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (e) Financing. Parent has
sufficient funds available to pay the aggregate amount of Merger
Consideration and to pay all fees and expenses related to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.   (f) Ownership of Company Common Stock.
Neither Parent nor Sub nor any affiliate or associate (as such terms are
defined under the Mississippi Shareholder Protection Act) thereof
beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, any shares of Company Common Stock
or is a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding (other than this
Agreement and the Shareholder Agreement) for the purpose of acquiring,
holding, voting or disposing of any shares of Company Common Stock.   (g)
Brokers. No broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other person,
other than Merrill Lynch and Co., Inc., the fees and expenses of which will be
paid by Parent, is entitled to any broker\'s, finder\'s, financial advisor\'s
or other similar fee or commission in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf
of Parent or Sub.   ARTICLE IV   Covenants Relating to Conduct of
Business   SECTION 4.01. Conduct of Business. (a) Conduct of Business by
the Company. During the period from the date of this Agreement to the
Effective Time, except as contemplated by this Agreement or as consented to
in advance in writing by Parent, the Company shall, and shall cause each
of its subsidiaries to, carry on its business in the ordinary
course consistent with past practice and in compliance in all material
respects with all applicable laws and regulations and, to the extent
consistent therewith, use its reasonable best efforts to preserve intact its
current business organizations, keep available the services of its
current officers, employees and consultants and preserve its relationships
with customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees, distributors,
contract manufacturers and others having business dealings with it with
the intention that its goodwill and ongoing business shall be unimpaired at
the Effective Time. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
during the period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time,
except as contemplated by this Agreement or expressly set forth in Section
4.01(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company shall not, and shall
not permit any of its subsidiaries to, without Parent\'s prior written
consent:   (i) (x) declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, or make  any
other distributions (whether in cash, stock or property) in  respect of, any
of its capital stock, other than (1) dividends or  distributions by a direct
or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of  the Company to its parent and (2)
regular quarterly cash dividends  with respect to the Company Common Stock,
not in excess of $0.10  per share, with usual declaration, record and payment
dates and in  accordance with the Company\'s past dividend policy, (y)
split,  combine or reclassify any of its capital stock or issue or 
authorize the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in  lieu of or
in substitution for shares of its capital stock or (z)  purchase, redeem or
otherwise acquire any shares of capital stock  of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries or any other securities  thereof or any rights, warrants or
options to acquire any such  shares or other securities;   (ii) issue,
deliver, sell, grant, pledge or otherwise  encumber any shares of its capital
stock, any other voting  securities or any securities convertible into, or
exchangeable  for, or any rights, warrants or options to acquire, any such 
shares, voting securities or convertible securities, or any  "phantom" stock,
"phantom" stock rights, stock appreciation rights  or stock-based performance
units, other than (1) the issuance of  shares of Company Common Stock (and
associated Rights) upon the  exercise of Company Stock Options or Company
Stock-Based Awards or  the settlement of purchase rights under the ESPP, in
each case  outstanding on the date of this Agreement and in accordance with 
their present terms and (2) the granting of rights that may arise  under the
ESPP, as the ESPP is in effect on the date of this  Agreement;   (iii) (x)
amend its articles of incorporation or by-laws or  comparable charter or
organizational documents or alter through  merger, liquidation,
reorganization, restructuring or in any other  manner the corporate structure
or ownership of any subsidiary of  the Company that does not constitute an
inactive subsidiary as of  the date of this Agreement, or (y) adopt a plan of
complete or  partial liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation, 
recapitalization or other reorganization of the Company or any of  its
subsidiaries that does not constitute an inactive subsidiary  as of the date
of this Agreement, other than the Merger;   (iv) acquire or agree to acquire
(x) by merging or  consolidating with, or by purchasing a substantial portion
of the  assets of, or by purchasing all of or a substantial equity  interest
in, or by any other manner, any business or any  corporation, partnership,
limited liability company, joint  venture, association or other business
organization or division  thereof or (y) except as permitted by Section
4.01(a)(vii), any  assets other than inventory, supplies, raw materials or
other  immaterial assets, in each case in the ordinary course of business 
consistent with past practice;   (v) sell, lease, license, mortgage, sell
and leaseback or  otherwise encumber or subject to any Lien or otherwise
dispose of  any of its properties or assets or any interests therein 
(including securitizations), except sales of inventory in the  ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice;   (vi) (x) other than (A)
Yen-denominated short-term  borrowings incurred in the ordinary course of
business consistent  with past practice not to exceed JPY2,500,000,000 at any
time  outstanding and (B) borrowings to satisfy letter of credit 
obligations not to exceed $1,000,000 at any time outstanding,  incur or
suffer to exist any indebtedness for borrowed money or  guarantee any such
indebtedness of another person, issue or sell  any debt securities or
warrants or other rights to acquire any  debt securities of the Company or
any of its subsidiaries,  guarantee any debt securities of another person,
enter into any  "keep well" or other agreement to maintain any financial
statement  condition of another person or enter into any arrangement having 
the economic effect of any of the foregoing or (y) make any loans,  advances
or capital contributions to, or investments in, any other  person, other than
to or in the Company or any direct or indirect  wholly owned subsidiary of
the Company;   (vii) make any new capital expenditure or capital 
expenditures, or incur any obligations or liabilities in  connection
therewith, (A) that are not included in the Company\'s  capital expenditure
budget provided to Parent prior to the date of  this Agreement or (B) that
are included in such capital  expenditure budget but that are in excess of
$1,000,000 on an  individual basis;   (viii) except as required by law, (w)
pay, discharge, settle  or satisfy any claims, liabilities, obligations or
litigation  (whether absolute, accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent
or  otherwise), other than the payment, discharge or satisfaction in  the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or  in accordance
with their terms as in effect on the date of this  Agreement, of liabilities
reflected or reserved against in the  most recent audited financial
statements (or the notes thereto) of  the Company included in the Company
Filed SEC Documents (for  amounts not in excess of such reserves) or incurred
since the date  of such financial statements in the ordinary course of
business  consistent with past practice, (x) cancel any material 
indebtedness, (y) waive, release, grant or transfer any claims or  rights of
substantial value or (z) waive any benefit of, or agree  to modify in any
respect, or fail to enforce, the confidentiality  provisions relating to the
Company\'s information in any agreement  to which the Company or any of its
subsidiaries is a party;   (ix) except in the ordinary course of business
consistent  with past practice, modify, amend or terminate any material 
contract or agreement to which the Company or any of its  subsidiaries is a
party or waive, release or assign any material  rights or claims
thereunder;   (x) enter into any contract, agreement, binding arrangement 
or understanding (w) relating to research and development, or to  the
distribution of, or the supply of raw materials for, or the  manufacturing by
third parties of, products of the Company, other  than any such contracts,
agreements, arrangements or  understandings that (A) individually, has
aggregate future payment  or other obligations of no greater than $250,000
and, in the  aggregate, have future payment or other obligations of no
greater  than $1,000,000 or (B) relate to the supply of raw materials, are 
entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with  past
practice and in each case have a term of no greater than  three months, (x)
that limits in any material respect the ability  of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries to engage in any  business activities or operations or that,
following consummation  of the Merger, would restrict in any way the ability
of Parent or  any of its subsidiaries (other than the Company and its 
subsidiaries) to engage in any business activities or operations,  (y) that
is of a nature that would be required to be filed as an  exhibit to Form 10-K
under the Exchange Act or (z) if consummation  of the transactions
contemplated hereby or compliance by the  Company with the provisions of this
Agreement will violate or  conflict with, or result in any violation or
breach of, or default  (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both)
under, or give  rise to a right of, or result in, termination, cancelation
or  acceleration of any obligation or to loss of a material benefit  under,
or result in the creation of any Lien in or upon any of the  properties or
assets of the Company or Parent or any of their  respective subsidiaries
under, any provision of such contract,  agreement, binding arrangement or
understanding;   (xi) except as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement
or  as required in accordance with the terms of any agreement or plan  as in
effect on the date hereof or to comply with applicable law,  (A) adopt, enter
into, terminate or amend in any material respect  (I) any collective
bargaining agreement or other labor union  contract or Benefit Plan or (II)
any other agreement, plan or  policy involving the Company and one or more of
its current or  former directors, officers, employees or consultants, (B)
increase  in any manner the compensation, bonus or fringe or other benefits 
of, or pay any bonus to, any current or former officer, director  or employee
(except for normal increases of cash compensation or  cash bonuses in the
ordinary course of business consistent with  past practice that, in the
aggregate, do not materially increase  the benefits or compensation expenses
of the Company), (C) pay any  benefit or amount under any Benefit Plan or
Benefit Agreement not  required under such Benefit Plan or Benefit Agreement
or any other  benefit plan or arrangement of the Company as in effect on
the  date of this Agreement, (D) increase in any manner the severance  or
termination pay of any current or former director, officer or  employee, (E)
enter into or amend any Benefit Agreement, (F) grant  any awards under any
bonus, incentive, performance or other  compensation plan or arrangement or
Benefit Plan (including the  grant of stock options, "phantom" stock, stock
appreciation  rights, "phantom" stock rights, stock based or stock related 
awards, performance units or restricted stock or the removal of  existing
restrictions in any Benefit Plans or agreements or awards  made thereunder),
(G) amend or modify any Company Stock Option or  Company Stock-Based Award,
(H) take any action to fund or in any  other way secure the payment of
compensation or benefits under any  employee plan, agreement, contract or
arrangement or Benefit Plan,  (I) other than as contemplated in Section 5.06,
take any action to  accelerate the vesting or payment of any compensation or
benefit  under any Benefit Plan or (J) materially change any actuarial or 
other assumption used to calculate funding obligations with  respect to any
Pension Plan or change the manner in which  contributions to any Pension Plan
are made or the basis on which  such contributions are determined;   (xii)
except as required by GAAP or otherwise required by  law, revalue any
material assets of the Company or any of its  subsidiaries or make (A) any
change in accounting principles or  (B) any material change in accounting
methods or practices;   (xiii) sell, transfer or license to any person or
otherwise  extend, amend or modify any rights to the material Intellectual 
Property rights of the Company, other than in the ordinary course  of
business consistent with past practice; or   (xiv) authorize any of, or
commit, resolve or agree to take  any of, the foregoing actions to the extent
prohibited by the  terms of this Agreement.   (b) Other Actions. None of
the Company, Parent or Sub shall, nor shall any of them permit any of its
subsidiaries to, knowingly take any action (or omit to take any action) if
such action (or omission) would, or would reasonably be expected to, result
in (i) any of the representations and warranties of such party set forth in
this Agreement that are qualified as to materiality becoming untrue at or
before the Effective Time, (ii) any of such representations and warranties
that are not so qualified becoming untrue in any material respect at or
before the Effective Time or (iii) any of the conditions to the Merger set
forth in Article VI not being satisfied.   (c) Advice of Changes; Filings.
The Company and Parent shall promptly advise the other party in writing of
(i) any representation or warranty made by it (and, in the case of Parent,
made by Sub) contained in this Agreement that is qualified as to materiality
becoming untrue or inaccurate in any respect or any such representation or
warranty that is not so qualified becoming untrue or inaccurate in any
material respect or (ii) the failure of it (or, in the case of Parent, Sub)
to comply with or satisfy in any material respect any covenant, condition or
agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it (or, in the case of Parent,
Sub) under this Agreement; provided, however, that no such notification shall
affect the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of the
parties (or remedies with respect thereto) or the conditions to the
obligations of the parties under this Agreement. The Company and Parent shall
promptly provide the other with copies of all filings made by such party with
any Governmental Entity in connection with this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby, other than the portions of such filings
that include confidential information not directly related to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (d) Certain Tax Matters.
During the period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, (i)
the Company shall, and shall cause each of its subsidiaries to, timely file
all Federal, state and local, domestic and foreign, income and franchise tax
returns and reports and all other material tax returns and reports ("Post-
Signing Returns") required to be filed by each such entity (after taking into
account any applicable extensions); (ii) the Company and its subsidiaries
shall timely pay all taxes due and payable with respect to such Post-Signing
Returns that are so filed; (iii) the Company shall accrue a reserve in its
books and records and financial statements in accordance with past practice
for all taxes payable by the Company or any of its subsidiaries for which no
Post-Signing Return is due prior to the Effective Time; (iv) the Company
shall promptly notify Parent of any material action, suit, proceeding, claim
or audit pending against or with respect to the Company or any of its
subsidiaries in respect of any tax matter and shall not settle or compromise
any such action, suit, proceeding, claim or audit without Parent\'s prior
written consent; and (v) none of the Company or any of its subsidiaries shall
make or change any material tax election without Parent\'s prior written
consent.   SECTION 4.02. No Solicitation. (a) The Company shall not,
nor shall it permit any of its subsidiaries to, nor shall it authorize
any director, officer or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
or any investment banker, attorney, accountant or other advisor
or representative of the Company or any of its subsidiaries to, directly
or indirectly, (i) solicit, initiate or encourage, or take any other
action knowingly to facilitate, any Takeover Proposal (as defined below) or
any inquiries or the making of any proposal that constitutes or
could reasonably be expected to lead to a Takeover Proposal or (ii) enter
into, continue or otherwise participate in any discussions or
negotiations regarding, or furnish to any person any information with respect
to, or otherwise cooperate in any way with, any Takeover Proposal;
provided, however, that, at any time prior to obtaining the Company
Shareholder Approval, the Company may, in response to a bona fide written
Takeover Proposal that the Board of Directors of the Company determines in
good faith constitutes or is reasonably likely to lead to a Superior
Proposal (as defined below), and which Takeover Proposal did not result from
a breach of this Section 4.02, and subject to compliance with paragraphs
(c) and (d) of this Section 4.02, participate in discussions or
negotiations regarding such Takeover Proposal and furnish information with
respect to the Company and its subsidiaries to the person making such
Takeover Proposal (and its representatives) pursuant to a customary
confidentiality agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, it is understood
that any violation of the restrictions set forth in the preceding sentence by
any director, officer or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
or any investment banker, attorney, accountant or other advisor
or representative of the Company or any of its subsidiaries shall be deemed
to be a breach of this Section 4.02(a) by the Company.   For purposes of
this Agreement (except as set forth in Section 5.07(b)), the term "Takeover
Proposal" means any inquiry, proposal or offer from any person relating to,
or that is reasonably likely to lead to, any direct or indirect acquisition,
in one transaction or a series of transactions, including any merger, tender
offer, exchange offer, stock acquisition, asset acquisition, statutory share
exchange, business combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution,
joint venture or similar transaction, other than the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, of (A) assets or businesses that constitute
or represent 20% or more of the total revenue, operating income, EBITDA or
assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (B) 20% or more
of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock or (C) 20% or more of
the outstanding shares of capital stock of, or other equity or voting
interests in, any of the Company\'s subsidiaries directly or indirectly
holding, individually or taken together, the assets or businesses referred to
in clause (A) above.   (b) Neither the Board of Directors of the Company
nor any committee thereof shall (i) withdraw (or modify in a manner adverse
to Parent) or propose publicly to withdraw (or modify in a manner adverse
to Parent) the recommendation by such Board of Directors or any such
committee to the shareholders of the Company that such shareholders approve
this Agreement and the Merger, or resolve or agree to take any such action
(each such action being referred to as an "Adverse Recommendation
Change"), unless the Board of Directors determines in good faith, based on
such matters as it deems appropriate, after consulting with legal counsel,
that the failure to make an Adverse Recommendation Change would be
reasonably likely to result in a breach of its fiduciary duties under
applicable law, (ii) adopt or approve, or propose publicly to adopt or
approve, any Takeover Proposal, or resolve or agree to take any such action
or (iii) cause or permit the Company to enter into any letter of intent,
memorandum of understanding, agreement in principle, acquisition agreement,
merger agreement, option agreement, joint venture agreement, partnership
agreement or other agreement (other than a confidentiality agreement referred
to in Section 4.02(a)) (an "Acquisition Agreement") constituting or related
to, or which is intended to or is reasonably likely to lead to, any
Takeover Proposal, or resolve or agree to take any such action.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time prior to obtaining the Company
Shareholder Approval, the Board of Directors of the Company may, in response
to a Superior Proposal, cause the Company to terminate this Agreement
pursuant to Section 7.01(f) and concurrently enter into an Acquisition
Agreement; provided, however, that the Company shall not have the right to
terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.01(f) unless the Company shall
have paid to Parent the Termination Fee prior to or concurrently with such
termination; and provided further, however, that the Company shall not be
entitled to exercise its right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to
Section 7.01(f) until after the third business day following Parent\'s
receipt of a written notice (a "Notice of Superior Proposal") from the
Company advising Parent that the Board of Directors of the Company has
received a Superior Proposal and specifying the terms and conditions of such
Superior Proposal and identifying the person making such Superior Proposal
(it being understood and agreed that any amendment to the price or any other
material term of a Superior Proposal shall require a new Notice of Superior
Proposal and a new three business day period). It is understood and agreed
that the termination of this Agreement in accordance with the previous
sentence shall not constitute a breach of any provision of this
Agreement.   The term "Superior Proposal" means any bona fide written
offer made by a third party that if consummated would result in such third
party (or its shareholders) owning, directly or indirectly, more than 80% of
the shares of Company Common Stock then outstanding (or of the shares of
the surviving entity in a merger involving the Company or the direct
or indirect parent of the surviving entity in a merger involving the
Company) or all or substantially all the assets of the Company and its
subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and otherwise on terms that the Board of
Directors of the Company determines in its good faith judgment (after
consultation with a financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation) to
be more favorable to the Company\'s shareholders than the Merger, taking into
account, among other things, (x) any changes to the terms of this Agreement
proposed by Parent in response to such third-party written offer or otherwise
and (y) the conditions to consummating such third-party written offer
(including those relating to financing).   (c) In addition to the
obligations of the Company set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this
Section 4.02, the Company shall promptly advise Parent orally and in writing
of any Takeover Proposal or any request for information or inquiry that the
Company reasonably believes could lead to a Takeover Proposal, the material
terms and conditions of such Takeover Proposal, request or inquiry (including
any subsequent material amendments or modifications to such terms and
conditions) and the identity of the person making any such Takeover Proposal,
request or inquiry. The Company shall keep Parent informed in all material
respects as to the status and details (including material amendments or
proposed amendments) of any such Takeover Proposal, request or inquiry.  
(d) Nothing contained in this Section 4.02 or elsewhere in this Agreement
shall prohibit the Company from (i) taking and disclosing to its shareholders
a position contemplated by Rule 14e-2(a) promulgated under the Exchange Act
or (ii) making any disclosure to the Company\'s shareholders if, in the good
faith judgment of the Board of Directors of the Company, after consultation
with outside counsel, failure to do so would be inconsistent with its
obligations under applicable law; provided, however, that in no event shall
the Company or its Board of Directors or any committee thereof take, agree or
resolve to take, any action prohibited by Section 4.02(b)(i) or 4.02(b)(ii)
pursuant to this Section 4.02(d).   ARTICLE V   Additional Agreements  
SECTION 5.01. Preparation of the Proxy Statement. As promptly as practicable
following the date of this Agreement, the Company shall prepare and file with
the SEC the Proxy Statement. Each of the parties shall furnish all
information concerning itself and its affiliates that is required to be
included in the Proxy Statement or that is customarily included in proxy
statements prepared in connection with transactions of the type contemplated
by this Agreement. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to
respond as promptly as practical to any comments of the SEC with respect to
the Proxy Statement and to cause the Proxy Statement to be mailed to the
Company\'s shareholders as promptly as practicable after the date of this
Agreement. The Company shall promptly notify Parent upon the receipt of any
comments from the SEC or its staff or any request from the SEC or its staff
for amendments or supplements to the Proxy Statement or for additional
information and shall provide Parent with copies of all correspondence
between the Company and its representatives, on the one hand, and the SEC and
its staff, on the other hand. If at any time prior to the Effective Time any
information relating to the Company or Parent, or any of their respective
directors, officers or affiliates, should be discovered by the Company or
Parent which should be set forth in an amendment or supplement to the Proxy
Statement, so that the Proxy Statement would not include any misstatement of
a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading, the party which discovers such information shall promptly
notify the other parties and an appropriate amendment or supplement
describing such information shall be promptly filed with the SEC and, to the
extent required by law, disseminated to the shareholders of the Company.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary stated above, prior to filing or
mailing the Proxy Statement (or any amendment or supplement thereto) or
responding to any comments of the SEC with respect thereto, the Company shall
(i) provide Parent an opportunity to review, comment on and approve such
document or response, (ii) include in such document or response all comments
reasonably proposed by Parent and (iii) not file or mail such document or
respond to the SEC prior to receiving Parent\'s approval, which approval
shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. The Company agrees that the
Proxy Statement will comply as to form in all material respects with
the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder.   SECTION 5.02. Company Shareholders Meeting. The
Company shall, as soon as practicable following the date of this Agreement,
establish a record date (which will be as soon as practicable following the
date of this Agreement) for, duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a
meeting of its shareholders (the "Company Shareholders Meeting") for the
purpose of obtaining the Company Shareholder Approval. The Company shall
cause the Company Shareholders Meeting to be held as promptly as practicable
after the date of this Agreement. Subject to Section 4.02(b)(i), the
Company shall, through its Board of Directors, recommend to its shareholders
that they approve this Agreement and shall include such recommendation in
the Proxy Statement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
the Company agrees that its obligations pursuant to this Section 5.02 shall
not be affected by (i) the commencement, public proposal, public disclosure
or communication to the Company or any other person of any Takeover
Proposal or (ii) the withdrawal or modification by the Board of Directors of
the Company or any committee thereof of such Board of Directors\' or
such committee\'s approval or recommendation of the Merger or this
Agreement.   SECTION 5.03. Access to Information. Except as set forth
in Section 5.03 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, upon reasonable
notice, the Company shall, and shall cause each of its subsidiaries to (in
order to permit Parent to evaluate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement), (i) at reasonable intervals from time to time, confer with Parent
to report on operational matters and other matters reasonably requested by
Parent and (ii) afford to Parent and to its officers, employees, accountants,
counsel and other representatives, reasonable access, during normal business
hours during the period prior to the Effective Time, to their
respective properties, books, contracts, commitments, directors, officers,
attorneys, accountants, auditors (and, to the extent within the Company\'s
control, former auditors), other advisors and representatives, records
and personnel, but only to the extent that such access does not
unreasonably interfere with the business or operations of the Company or any
such subsidiary, and, during such period, the Company shall, and shall
cause each of its subsidiaries to, furnish promptly to Parent (a) a copy of
each material report, schedule, registration statement and other document
filed or received by it during such period pursuant to the requirements
of Federal, state or local, domestic or foreign, laws and (b) such
other information concerning its business, properties and personnel as Parent
may reasonably request; provided, however, that the Company shall not
be required to (or to cause any of its subsidiaries to) so confer, afford
such access or furnish such copies or other information if doing so would,
or would reasonably be expected to, subject the Company to liability under,
or constitute a violation of, applicable laws or confidentiality
obligations to a third party. All such information shall constitute
Information (as such term is defined in the Confidentiality Agreement dated
as of November 6, 2001, between the Company and Parent (the "Confidentiality
Agreement")) and shall be subject thereto as provided therein, and Parent
shall, and shall cause its advisors and representatives who receive
Information to agree to, hold all such Information in confidence to the
extent required by, and in accordance with, the terms of the Confidentiality
Agreement. The Confidentiality Agreement shall survive any termination of
this Agreement.   SECTION 5.04. Reasonable Best Efforts. Upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, each of the parties
agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken,
all actions, that are necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and
make effective the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by
this Agreement and the Shareholder Agreement, including using its
reasonable best efforts to accomplish the following: (i) the taking of all
reasonable acts necessary to cause the conditions precedent set forth in
Article VI to be satisfied, (ii) the obtaining of all necessary actions or
nonactions, waivers, consents, approvals, orders and authorizations from
Governmental Entities and the making of all necessary registrations,
declarations and filings (including registrations, declarations and filings
with Governmental Entities, if any), (iii) the taking of all reasonable steps
as may be necessary to avoid any suit, claim, action, investigation
or proceeding by a Governmental Entity and (iv) the obtaining of all
necessary consents, approvals or waivers from third parties. In connection
with and without limiting the foregoing, the Company and its Board of
Directors shall, if any state takeover statute or similar statute or
regulation is or becomes applicable to this Agreement, the Shareholder
Agreement, the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated hereby or
thereby, use their reasonable best efforts to ensure that the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated hereby or thereby may be consummated as
promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated by this Agreement and
otherwise to minimize the effect of such statute or regulation on this
Agreement, the Shareholder Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby. If any objections are asserted with respect
to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement under any antitrust
or competition law, each of Parent and the Company shall use its
reasonable best efforts and cause its subsidiaries to use their reasonable
best efforts to resolve any such objections so as to permit consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Notwithstanding the
foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in no
event shall any party hereto be obligated to (A) agree to, or proffer to,
divest or hold separate, or enter into any licensing or similar arrangement
with respect to, any assets (whether tangible or intangible) or any portion
of any business of Parent, the Company or any of their respective
subsidiaries or (B) litigate any suit, claim, action, investigation or
proceeding, whether judicial or administrative, brought by any Governmental
Entity (1) challenging or seeking to restrain or prohibit the consummation of
the Merger; (2) seeking to prohibit or limit the ownership or operation by
the Company, Parent or any of their respective affiliates of any portion of
the business or assets of the Company or its subsidiaries or Parent or
its subsidiaries or to require any such person to dispose of or hold
separate any portion of the business or assets of the Company or its
subsidiaries, or Parent or its subsidiaries, as a result of the Merger; or
(3) seeking to prohibit Parent or any of its affiliates from effectively
controlling the business or operations of the Company or its subsidiaries.
The Company and Parent will provide such assistance, information and
cooperation to each other as is reasonably required to obtain any such
nonactions, waivers, consents, approvals, orders and authorizations and, in
connection therewith, will notify the other person promptly following the
receipt of any comments or requests from any Governmental Entity for
amendments, supplements or additional information in respect of any
registration, declaration or filing with such Governmental Entity and will
supply the other person with copies of all correspondence between such person
or any of its representatives, on the one hand, and any Governmental Entity,
on the other hand.   SECTION 5.05. Employee Matters. (a) For a period of
not less than one year after the Effective Time, employees of the Company and
its subsidiaries who continue their employment after the Effective Time
(the "Affected Employees") shall be provided cash compensation (including
bonus opportunity) and employee benefits that are substantially comparable in
the aggregate to those provided to the Affected Employees immediately prior
to the Effective Time; provided that Parent agrees to cause the
Surviving Corporation to continue the Company\'s annual incentive program in
effect for the remainder of 2002 calendar year on the same terms and
conditions as in effect immediately before the Effective Time. Neither Parent
nor the Surviving Corporation shall have any obligation to issue, or adopt
any plans or arrangements providing for the issuance of, shares of
capital stock, warrants, options, stock appreciation rights or other rights
in respect of any shares of capital stock of any entity or any
securities convertible or exchangeable into such shares pursuant to any such
plans or arrangements. Any plans or arrangements of the Company providing for
such issuance shall be disregarded in determining whether employee benefits
are substantially comparable in the aggregate.   (b) Parent shall cause the
service of each Affected Employee to be recognized (i) for purposes of
eligibility and vesting (but not benefit accrual) under any pension program
in which the Affected Employee participates, (ii) for purposes of eligibility
under any vacation and/or sick leave program in which the Affected Employee
participates and (iii) for eligibility and benefit accrual purposes under any
severance plan in which the Affected Employee participates. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, such service shall be recognized only to the extent such
Affected Employee participated in a comparable plan of the Company and its
subsidiaries prior to the Effective Time and only to the extent such service
was recognized under such plan.   (c) With respect to any welfare plan in
which Affected Employees are eligible to participate after the Effective
Time, Parent shall, and shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, (i) waive
all limitations as to preexisting conditions, exclusions and waiting periods
with respect to participation and coverage requirements applicable to such
Affected Employees to the extent such conditions were satisfied under the
welfare plans of the Company and its subsidiaries prior to the Effective Time
and (ii) provide each such Affected Employee with credit for any co-
payments and deductibles paid prior to the Effective Time in satisfying
any analogous deductible or out-of-pocket requirements to the extent
applicable under any such plan.   (d) Except as provided in subsection (f)
below, nothing contained herein shall be construed as requiring Parent or the
Surviving Corporation to continue any specific plans or to continue the
employment of any specific person.   (e) The Company shall amend the ESPP
on the date of this Agreement to provide that (i) participants may not
increase their payroll deductions or purchase elections from those in effect
on the date of this Agreement, (ii) no offering periods shall be commenced
after the date of this Agreement, (iii) each participant\'s outstanding right
to purchase shares of Company Common Stock under the ESPP shall terminate
immediately prior to the Effective Time in exchange for a cash payment in an
amount equal to the excess, if any, of (A) the product of (1) the number of
shares of Company Common Stock that could have been purchased with such
participant\'s accumulated payroll deductions immediately prior to the
Effective Time (the "Applicable ESPP Shares") at the applicable option price
determined in accordance with the terms of the ESPP (the "Applicable ESPP
Price") and (2) the Merger Consideration, over (B) the product of the number
of Applicable ESPP Shares and the Applicable ESPP Price and (iv) the ESPP
shall terminate at the Effective Time.   (f) Parent shall, and shall cause
the Surviving Corporation to, honor all Benefit Agreements and Company
severance policies identified or described in Section 5.05(f) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule in accordance with their terms as in effect immediately
before the Effective Time, subject to any right to amend or terminate any
Benefit Agreement as permitted in accordance with such terms. Parent will
recalculate the cutback provided for in Section 5 of such Benefit Agreements
on the third anniversary of the termination of any employee party thereto
whose compensation or benefits were reduced as a result of the application
of such Section 5 to take into account the termination prior to
the recalculation date of the continued medical benefits provided under
such Benefit Agreement. Parent will make any payment that it determines can
be made to any such employee consistently with such Section 5; provided
that Parent shall not be required to make any payment that Parent determines,
in its sole and absolute discretion, could result in any such
employee receiving any "excess parachute payment" (as contemplated by Section
280G of the Code). For the avoidance of doubt, Parent shall not be required
to make any payment or take any action that it determines in its sole
and absolute discretion, could jeopardize the deductibility of any
"parachute payment" (as contemplated by Section 280G of the Code) made to any
such employee.   SECTION 5.06. Stock Based Awards. On or as soon as
practicable following the date of this Agreement, the Board of Directors of
the Company (or, if appropriate, any committee administering the Company
Stock Plans) shall adopt such resolutions or take such other actions (if
any), including amending such Company Stock Plans and obtaining appropriate
consents thereto, as may be required to cause:   (i) each holder of each
Company Stock Option outstanding  immediately prior to the Effective Time,
whether vested or  unvested, to become entitled to receive as promptly as
practicable  after the Effective Time an amount in cash equal to (A) the 
excess, if any, of (1) the Merger Consideration over (2) the  exercise price
per share of Company Common Stock subject to such  Company Stock Option,
multiplied by (B) the number of shares of  Company Common Stock for which
such Company Stock Option shall not  theretofore have been exercised, plus
(C) to the extent  applicable, an additional payment in accordance with the
Company  policy described in Section 5.06(i) of the Company Disclosure 
Schedule; and   (ii) rights of any kind, whether vested or unvested, 
contingent or accrued, to acquire or receive shares of Company  Common Stock
or to receive benefits measured by the value of a  number of shares of
Company Common Stock, that may be held,  awarded, outstanding, credited,
payable or reserved for issuance  under the Company Stock Plans and any other
Benefit Plan, except  for Company Stock Options converted in accordance with
clause (i)  above (each, a "Company Stock-Based Award"), that are
outstanding  immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than pursuant
to  the agreements identified in Section 5.06(ii) of the Company  Disclosure
Schedule) to be converted into a fully-vested right to  receive cash in an
amount equal to the product of (A) the Merger  Consideration and (B) the
number of shares of Company Common Stock  subject to such Company Stock-Based
Award. The cash value of any  converted Company Stock-Based Award shall be
distributed in  accordance with the terms of such Company Stock-Based Award.
To  the extent the cash value of such Company Stock-Based Award is not  paid
or distributed at the Effective Time, the value of such  Company Stock-Based
Award after the Effective Time shall be  measured without regard to the value
of Company Common Stock and  shall instead be credited with earnings or
losses by reference to,  at the holder\'s election, either any other
alternative deemed  investment or investments that may be generally
available  immediately prior to the Effective Time under the plan or other 
arrangement under which the Company Stock-Based Award is  outstanding at such
time or such other deemed investment or  investments as the appropriate
officers of the Surviving  Corporation may from time to time establish for
such purpose.   SECTION 5.07. Fees and Expenses; Termination Fee. (a)
Whether or not the Merger is consummated, all costs and expenses incurred
in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such costs or expenses.   (b)
In the event that (i) (A) a Takeover Proposal has been made to the Company or
its shareholders or any person has announced an intention (whether or not
conditional) to make a Takeover Proposal, and such Takeover Proposal or
announced intention remains outstanding at the date of the Company
Shareholders Meeting, (B) thereafter this Agreement is terminated by either
Parent or the Company (x) pursuant to Section 7.01(b)(i) without the Company
Shareholder Approval having been obtained prior to the date of such
termination or (y) pursuant to Section 7.01(b)(iv) and (C) within 12 months
after such termination, the Company or any of its subsidiaries enters into
any Acquisition Agreement with respect to, or consummates, any Takeover
Proposal (solely for purposes of this Section 5.07(b)(i)(C), the term
"Takeover Proposal" shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of
Takeover Proposal contained in Section 4.02(a) except that all references to
20% therein shall be deemed references to 40%), (ii) this Agreement is
terminated by Parent pursuant to Section 7.01(c) or (iii) this Agreement is
terminated by the Company pursuant to Section 7.01(f), then the Company shall
pay Parent a fee equal to $12,500,000 (the "Termination Fee") by wire
transfer of same day funds to an account designated by Parent (x) in the case
of a termination by the Company pursuant to Section 7.01(f), prior to or
concurrently with such termination, (y) in the case of a termination by
Parent pursuant to Section 7.01(c), within two business days after such
termination and (z) in the case of a payment as a result of any event
referred to in Section 5.07(b)(i)(C), upon the first to occur of such
events.   (c) The Company acknowledges and agrees that the
agreement contained in Section 5.07(b) is an integral part of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and that, without such
agreement, Parent would not enter into this Agreement; accordingly, if the
Company fails promptly to pay any amount due pursuant to Section 5.07(b),
and, in order to obtain such payment, Parent commences a suit that results in
a judgment against the Company for any of the amounts due to Parent pursuant
to Section 5.07(b), the Company shall pay to Parent its costs and
expenses (including attorneys\' fees and expenses) in connection with such
suit, together with interest on the amounts due to Parent pursuant to
Section 5.07(b) from the date such payment was required to be made until the
date of payment at the prime rate of Citibank, N.A. in effect on the date
such payment was required to be made.   SECTION 5.08. Indemnification,
Exculpation and Insurance. (a) All rights to indemnification and exculpation
from liability for acts or omissions occurring at or prior to the Effective
Time and rights to advancement of expenses relating thereto now existing in
favor of the current or former directors or officers of the Company and its
subsidiaries (such persons, "Indemnified Persons"), as provided in their
respective articles of incorporation or by-laws (or comparable
organizational documents) and any existing indemnification agreements or
arrangements of the Company or any of its subsidiaries shall survive the
Merger and shall not be amended, repealed or otherwise modified in any manner
that would adversely affect the rights thereunder of any such Indemnified
Persons. The parties agree that the Surviving Corporation shall maintain, for
a period of six years from the Effective Time, the run-off policy (including
any excess limits coverage purchased in connection therewith) that the
Company contemplates purchasing prior to the Effective Time under the
Company\'s current directors\' and officers\' insurance and indemnification
policy (the "DandO; Insurance") to provide coverage for events occurring at or
prior to the Effective Time for all Indemnified Persons (the "Run-Off DandO;
Policy"). The Company covenants and agrees that the total premium for the
Run-Off DandO; Policy (including any excess limits coverage purchased in
connection therewith) will not exceed the sum of (x) 250% of the last annual
premium payable with respect to the DandO; Insurance prior to the date of
this Agreement, which the Company represents and warrants was $190,000, and
(y) the amount of any pro rata return premium with respect to the DandO;
Insurance received by the Company in connection with the purchase of the Run-
Off DandO; Policy (such sum, the "Maximum Premium"); provided, however, that
the Surviving Corporation may, in lieu of maintaining the Run-Off DandO; Policy
as provided above, cause comparable coverage to be provided under any
policy issued by a reputable insurance company, so long as the material
terms thereof, including coverage and amount, are no less favorable to
the Indemnified Persons than the existing DandO; Insurance. If the Company
is unable to obtain the Run-Off DandO; Policy or the Run-Off DandO; Policy
expires, is terminated or is canceled during such six-year period, the
Surviving Corporation shall cause to be obtained as much directors\' and
officers\' insurance covering the Indemnified Persons as can be obtained for
the remainder of such period for an aggregate premium not in excess of
the Maximum Premium.   (b) The parties agree that the provisions of this
Section 5.08 are (i) intended to be for the benefit of, and shall be
enforceable by, each Indemnified Person and each Indemnified Person\'s heirs
and representatives and (ii) in addition to, and not in substitution for, any
other rights to indemnification or contribution that any such person may have
by contract or otherwise. The parties agree that in the event that the
Surviving Corporation or any of its successors or assigns (i) consolidates
with or merges into any other person and is not the continuing or
surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger or (ii)
transfers or conveys all or substantially all of its properties and assets to
any person, then, and in each such case, proper provision shall be made by
such person so that the successors and assigns of the Surviving
Corporation assume the obligations of the parties and the Surviving
Corporation set forth in this Section 5.08. In the event that the Surviving
Corporation transfers any material portion of its assets, in a single
transaction or in a series of transactions, Parent shall take such action as
may be necessary to ensure that the ability of the Surviving Corporation,
legal and financial, to satisfy the indemnification obligations set forth in
this Section 5.08(a) will not be diminished in any material respect.  
SECTION 5.09. Shareholder Litigation. The Company shall give Parent the
opportunity to participate in the defense or settlement of any shareholder
litigation against the Company and/or its directors relating to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Shareholder Agreement, and
no such settlement shall be agreed to without Parent\'s prior written
consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.   SECTION 5.10.
Rights Agreement. The Board of Directors of the Company shall take all
further action (in addition to that referred to in Section 3.01(r)) requested
by Parent in order to render the Rights inapplicable to the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Shareholder
Agreement. Except as provided above with respect to the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Shareholder Agreement,
the Board of Directors of the Company shall not, without the prior written
consent of Parent, (i) amend the Rights Agreement (other than any such
amendment solely to ensure that the Rights remain redeemable) or (ii) take
any action with respect to, or make any determination under, the Rights
Agreement, including a redemption of the Rights or any action to facilitate a
Takeover Proposal.   ARTICLE VI   Conditions Precedent   SECTION 6.01.
Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation To Effect the Merger. The respective
obligation of each party to effect the Merger is subject to the satisfaction
or waiver on or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:  
(a) Company Shareholder Approval. The Company Shareholder Approval shall have
been obtained.   (b) Antitrust. The waiting period applicable to the Merger
under each of the HSR Act and the Federal Republic of Germany\'s Act
Against Restraints of Competition 1957 (GWB), as amended, shall have expired
or been terminated. Any other consents, approvals and filings under
any foreign antitrust law, the absence of which would prohibit the
consummation of the Merger, shall have been obtained or made, except for
those the failure of which to be obtained or made would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.   (c) No Injunctions or
Restraints; Illegality. No temporary restraining order, preliminary or
permanent injunction or other order or decree issued by any court of
competent jurisdiction or other legal restraint or prohibition (collectively,
"Legal Restraints") that has the effect of preventing the consummation of the
Merger shall be in effect.   SECTION 6.02. Conditions to Obligations of
Parent and Sub To Effect the Merger. The obligations of Parent and Sub to
effect the Merger are further subject to the satisfaction or waiver on or
prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:   (a)
Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the
Company shall be true and correct as of the Closing Date as though made on
and as of the Closing Date (except to the extent any such representations and
warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case as of such
earlier date), except where the failure of such representations and
warranties to be so true and correct (without giving effect to any limitation
as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect set forth therein) would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and Parent shall
have received a certificate to such effect signed on behalf of the Company by
its chief executive officer and its chief financial officer.   (b)
Performance of Obligations of the Company. The Company shall have performed
in all material respects all obligations required to be performed by it under
this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date, and Parent shall have
received a certificate to such effect signed on behalf of the Company by its
chief executive officer and its chief financial officer.   (c) No
Litigation. There shall not be pending any suit, action or proceeding brought
by any Governmental Entity (i) challenging or seeking to restrain or prohibit
the consummation of the Merger, (ii) seeking to prohibit or limit the
ownership or operation by the Company, Parent or any of their respective
affiliates of any portion of the business or assets of the Company, Parent or
any such affiliate, or to require any such person to divest or hold separate
any portion of its business or assets, as a result of the Merger or (iii)
seeking to impose limitations on the ability of Parent or any of its
affiliates to acquire or hold, or exercise full rights of ownership of, any
shares of Company Common Stock, including the right to vote the Company
Common Stock on all matters properly presented to the shareholders of the
Company or (iv) seeking to prohibit Parent or any of its affiliates from
effectively controlling the business or operations of the Company or its
subsidiaries.   SECTION 6.03. Conditions to Obligation of the Company To
Effect the Merger. The obligation of the Company to effect the Merger is
further subject to the satisfaction or waiver on or prior to the Closing Date
of the following conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties. The
representations and warranties of Parent and Sub set forth in this Agreement
that are qualified as to materiality shall be true and correct, and the
representations and warranties of Parent and Sub that are not qualified as to
materiality shall be true and correct in all material respects, in each case
as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date (except
to the extent any such representations and warranties expressly relate to
an earlier date, in which case as of such earlier date), and the Company
shall have received a certificate to such effect signed on behalf of Parent
by an executive officer of Parent.   (b) Performance of Obligations of
Parent and Sub. Each of Parent and Sub shall have performed in all material
respects all obligations required to be performed by it under this Agreement
at or prior to the Closing Date, and the Company shall have received a
certificate to such effect signed on behalf of Parent by an executive officer
of Parent.   SECTION 6.04. Frustration of Closing Conditions. None of
Parent, Sub or the Company may rely on the failure of any condition set forth
in Section 6.01, 6.02 or 6.03, as the case may be, to be satisfied if
such failure was caused by such party\'s failure to use its reasonable
best efforts to consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and the Shareholder Agreement, as required by and subject
to Section 5.04.   ARTICLE VII   Termination and Amendment   SECTION
7.01. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated, and the Merger
contemplated hereby may be abandoned, at any time prior to the Effective
Time, whether before or after the Company Shareholder Approval has been
obtained:   (a) by mutual written consent of Parent and the Company;   (b)
by either Parent or the Company:   (i) if the Merger shall not have been
consummated on or  before December 31, 2002 (as such date may be extended
pursuant to  this clause (i), the "Outside Date"); provided, however, that
the  right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section  7.01(b)(i)
shall not be available to any party whose action or  failure to act has been
a principal cause of or resulted in the  failure of the Merger to occur on or
before such date and such  action or failure to act constitutes a breach of
this Agreement;  and provided further, however, that, in the event that the 
conditions set forth in Sections 6.01(b) or 6.01(c) (to the  extent, but only
to the extent, that the underlying Legal  Restraint was issued upon the
application of a person other than a  Governmental Entity) shall not have
been satisfied by such date,  either Parent or the Company may unilaterally
extend the Outside  Date by written notice to the other by December 31, 2002,
in which  case the Outside Date shall instead be March 31, 2003;   (ii)
upon the receipt by either party of notice from any  Governmental Entity of
its intent to file or bring any suit,  action or proceeding, whether
administrative or judicial, seeking  to restrain, prohibit or enjoin the
consummation of the Merger;   (iii) if (A) any Legal Restraint having the
effect set forth  in Section 6.01(c) issued upon the application of any
Governmental  Entity shall be in effect or (B) any such Legal Restraint
issued  upon the application of any other person shall be in effect and 
shall have become final and nonappealable; or   (iv) if the Company
Shareholder Approval shall not have been  obtained at the Company
Shareholders Meeting duly convened  therefor or at any adjournment or
postponement thereof;   (c) by Parent in the event an Adverse Recommendation
Change has occurred;   (d) by Parent if the Company shall have breached or
failed to perform any of its representations, warranties, covenants or
other agreements contained in this Agreement, which breach or failure to
perform (i) would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in
Section 6.02(a) or 6.02(b) and (ii) has not been or is incapable of being
cured by the Company within 30 calendar days after its receipt of written
notice thereof from Parent;   (e) by the Company if Parent shall have
breached or failed to perform any of its representations, warranties,
covenants or other agreements contained in this Agreement, which breach or
failure to perform (i) would give rise to the failure of a condition set
forth in Section 6.03(a) or 6.03(b) and (ii) has not been or is incapable of
being cured by Parent within 30 calendar days after its receipt of written
notice thereof from the Company; or   (f) by the Company in accordance with
the terms and subject to the conditions of Section 4.02(b).   SECTION 7.02.
Effect of Termination. In the event of termination of this Agreement by
either Parent or the Company as provided in Section 7.01, this Agreement
shall forthwith become void and have no effect, and there shall be no
liability or obligation on the part of Parent, Sub or the Company, except
with respect to Section 3.01(s), Section 3.02(g), the second and third
sentences of Section 5.03, Section 5.07, this Section 7.02 and Article VIII
(except Section 8.07 therein), which provisions shall survive such
termination; provided, however, that no such termination shall relieve any
party hereto from any liability or damages resulting from the willful and
material breach by a party of any of its representations, warranties,
covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement.   SECTION 7.03.
Amendment. This Agreement may be amended by the parties at any time, whether
before or after the Company Shareholder Approval has been obtained; provided,
however, that after the Company Shareholder Approval has been obtained, no
amendment shall be made which by law requires further approval by the
shareholders of the Company without such further approval having been
obtained. This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in
writing signed on behalf of each of the parties.   SECTION 7.04. Extension;
Waiver. At any time prior to the Effective Time, the parties may (a) extend
the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the
other parties, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and
warranties contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto and
(c) subject to the proviso to the first sentence of Section 7.03, waive
compliance with any of the agreements or conditions contained herein. Any
agreement on the part of a party to any such extension or waiver shall be
valid only if set forth in a written instrument signed on behalf of such
party. The failure of any party to assert any of its rights under this
Agreement or otherwise shall not constitute a waiver of those rights nor
shall any single or partial exercise by any party to this Agreement of any of
its rights under this Agreement preclude any other or further exercise of
such rights or any other rights under this Agreement.   SECTION 7.05.
Procedure for Termination, Amendment, Extension or Waiver. A termination of
this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.01 or an amendment of this Agreement
pursuant to Section 7.03 shall, in order to be effective, require, in the
case of Parent or the Company, action by its Board of Directors or, with
respect to any amendment of this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.03, the duly
authorized committee or other designee of its Board of Directors to the
extent permitted by law.   ARTICLE VIII   General Provisions   SECTION
8.01. Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties. None of the
representations and warranties in this Agreement or in any instrument
delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the Effective Time. This
Section 8.01 shall not limit any covenant or agreement of the parties which
by its terms contemplates performance after the Effective Time.   SECTION
8.02. Notices. Except for notices that are specifically required by the terms
of this Agreement to be delivered orally, all notices and other
communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if
delivered personally, telecopied (with confirmation) or sent by overnight or
same-day courier (providing proof of delivery) to the parties at the
following addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be
specified by like notice):   (a) if to the Company, to:   ChemFirst Inc. 
700 North Street  P.O. Box 1249  Jackson, Mississippi 39215-1249  Attention
of J. Steve Chustz, Esq.  General Counsel  Facsimile: (601) 949-0292  
with a copy to:   Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher and Flom (Illinois)  333 West
Wacker Drive  Chicago, Illinois 60606  Attention of Charles W. Mulaney, Jr.,
Esq.  Facsimile: (312) 407-0411; and   (b) if to Parent or Sub, to:   E.
I. du Pont de Nemours and Company  1007 Market Street  Wilmington, Delaware
19898  Attention of John W. Ward, Esq.  Corporate Counsel  Facsimile: (302)
773-7054   with a copy to:   Cravath, Swaine and Moore  Worldwide Plaza 
825 Eighth Avenue  New York, New York 10019  Attention of Ronald Cami,
Esq.  Facsimile: (212) 474-3700.   SECTION 8.03. Definitions;
Interpretation. (a) As used in this Agreement:   (i) an "affiliate" of any
person means another person that  directly or indirectly, through one or more
intermediaries,  controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with,
such  first person, where "control" means the possession, directly or 
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the  management
policies of a person, whether through the ownership of  voting securities, by
contract or otherwise;   (ii) "business day" means any day on which banks
are not  required or authorized to close in the City of New York;   (iii)
as it relates to the Company or any subsidiary of the  Company, "knowledge"
means, with respect to any matter in  question, that any executive officer of
the Company has knowledge  of such matter;   (iv) "Material Adverse Change"
or "Material Adverse Effect"  means any change, effect, event, occurrence,
state of facts or  development that is materially adverse to the business, 
properties, assets, liabilities (contingent or otherwise),  financial
condition or results of operations of the Company and  its subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, other than any change, effect,  event, occurrence, state of
facts or development (i) relating to  economic, market (including securities
market), regulatory or  political conditions in general, (ii) relating to the
industry or  markets in which the Company or any of its subsidiaries
operates  in general and not specifically relating to the Company or any of 
its subsidiaries or (iii) resulting from the execution or  announcement of
this Agreement or the Shareholder Agreement or the  consummation of the
Merger;   (v) "person" means an individual, corporation, partnership, 
limited liability company, joint venture, association, trust,  unincorporated
organization or other entity; and   (vi) a "subsidiary" of any person means
another person, an  amount of the voting securities, other voting ownership
or voting  partnership interests of which is sufficient to elect at least a 
majority of its board of directors or other governing body (or, if  there are
not such voting interests, more than 50% of the equity  interests of which)
is owned directly or indirectly by such first  person.   (b) When a
reference is made in this Agreement to a party or to an Article, Section,
Exhibit or Schedule, such reference shall be to a party to, an Article or
Section of, or an Exhibit or Schedule to, this Agreement unless otherwise
indicated. The table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are
for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words "include", "includes" or
"including" are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed
by the words "without limitation". The words "hereof", "herein" and
"hereunder" and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall
refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of
this Agreement. The term "or" when used in this Agreement is not exclusive.
All terms defined in this Agreement shall have the defined meanings when used
in any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto unless
otherwise defined therein. The definitions contained in this Agreement are
applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms. Any
agreement, instrument or statute defined or referred to herein or in any
agreement or instrument that is referred to herein means such agreement,
instrument or statute as from time to time amended, modified or supplemented,
including (in the case of agreements or instruments) by waiver or consent and
(in the case of statutes) by succession of comparable successor statutes and
references to all attachments thereto and instruments incorporated therein.
References to a person are also to its permitted successors and assigns.  
SECTION 8.04. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more
counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and
shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each
of the parties and delivered to the other party.   SECTION 8.05. Entire
Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement, together with the
Confidentiality Agreement, (a) constitutes the entire agreement and
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral,
among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof; provided that
the Confidentiality Agreement shall survive the execution and delivery of
this Agreement, and (b) other than Section 5.08, is not intended to confer
upon any person other than the parties any rights or remedies hereunder.  
SECTION 8.06. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware,
without regard to any principles of conflicts of law of such State, except to
the extent that the laws of the State of Mississippi are mandatorily
applicable to the Merger.   SECTION 8.07. Publicity. Except as otherwise
permitted by this Agreement or required by law or the rules of the NYSE, so
long as this Agreement is in effect, none of Parent, Sub or the Company
shall, or shall permit any of their respective affiliates to, issue or cause
the publication of any press release or other public announcement or
statement (any of the foregoing, a "Public Statement") with respect to this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby without first obtaining the
consent of the Company, in the case of Parent or Sub, or Parent, in the case
of the Company; provided that, if any such Public Statement is required by
law or the rules of the NYSE, the party subject to such requirement will use
its reasonable best efforts to consult in good faith with and obtain
the consent of the Company, in the case of Parent or Sub, or Parent, in
the case of the Company, prior to publication of such Public Statement .
The parties agree that the initial press release to be issued with respect
to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be in the
form heretofore agreed to by the parties.   SECTION 8.08. Assignment.
Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations
hereunder shall be assigned, in whole or in part, by any of the parties
(whether by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written consent
of the other parties, and any such assignment that is not so consented to
shall be null and void.   SECTION 8.09. Enforcement. The parties agree that
irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of
this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms
or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall
be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of
this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of
this Agreement in any Federal court located in the State of New York, this
being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or
in equity. In addition, each of the parties (a) consents to submit itself
to the personal jurisdiction of any Federal court located in the State of
New York in the event any dispute arises out of this Agreement or any of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (b) agrees that it will
not attempt to deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction by motion or
other request for leave from any such court.   SECTION 8.10. Severability.
If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or
incapable of being enforced by any rule or law or public policy, all other
conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full
force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the
transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially
adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any term or other
provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties
shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the
original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner
to the end that transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the extent
possible.        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Sub and the Company
have caused this Agreement to be signed by their respective officers
thereunto duly authorized, all as of the date first above written.    E.
I. DU PONT DE NEMOURS AND COMPANY,   by /s/ Robert M. Reardon 
------------------------------------  Name: Robert M. Reardon  Title:
Director, Merger and Acquisition    PURPLE ACQUISITION CORPORATION,   by
/s/ Robert M. Reardon  ------------------------------------  Name: Robert M.
Reardon  Title: President    CHEMFIRST INC.,   by /s/ J. Kelley
Williams  ------------------------------------  Name: J. Kelley Williams 
Title: Chairman of the Board and  Chief Executive Officer        ANNEX
I  TO THE MERGER AGREEMENT    Index of Defined
Terms   Term  Acquisition
Agreement...................................Section 4.02(b) Adverse
Recommendation Change.......................... Section 4.02(b) Affected
Employees......................................Section
5.05(a) affiliate...............................................Section
8.03(a) Applicable ESPP Price...................................Section
5.05(e) Applicable ESPP Shares..................................Section
5.05(e) Agreement......................................................Preamble Articles
of Merger.........................................Section 1.03 Benefit
Agreements......................................Section 3.01(g) Benefit
Plans...........................................Section 3.01(m) business
day............................................Section
8.03(a) Certificate.............................................Section
2.01(c) Closing....................................................Section
1.02 Closing Date...............................................Section
1.02 Code....................................................Section
2.02(h) Commonly Controlled Entity..............................Section
3.01(m) Company........................................................Preamble Company
Common Stock...........................................Recitals Company
Disclosure Schedule................................Section 3.01 Company Filed
SEC Document.................................Section 3.01 Company Preferred
Stock.................................Section 3.01(c) Company SEC
Documents...................................Section 3.01(e) Company
Shareholder Approval............................Section 3.01(p) Company
Shareholders Meeting...............................Section 5.02 Company
Stock-Based Award..................................Section 5.06 Company Stock
Options ..................................Section 3.01(c) Company Stock
Plans.....................................Section 3.01(c) Confidentiality
Agreement..................................Section
5.03 control.................................................Section
8.03(a) DandO; Insurance...........................................Section
5.08(a) Effective Time.............................................Section
1.03 Environmental Laws......................................Section
3.01(l) ERISA...................................................Section
3.01(n) ESPP....................................................Section
3.01(c) Exchange Act............................................Section
3.01(d) Exchange Fund...........................................Section
2.02(a) GAAP....................................................Section
3.01(e) Governmental Entity.....................................Section
3.01(d) Hazardous Materials.....................................Section
3.01(l) HSR Act.................................................Section
3.01(d) Indemnified Persons.....................................Section
5.08(a) Intellectual Property...................................Section
3.01(v) IRS.....................................................Section
3.01(n) KeyCorp................................................ Section
3.01(c) knowledge...............................................Section
8.03(a) Legal Restraints........................................Section
6.01(c) Liens...................................................Section
3.01(b) Material Adverse Change.................................Section
8.03(a) Material Adverse Effect.................................Section
8.03(a) Maximum Premium.........................................Section
5.08(a) MBCA.......................................................Section
1.01 Merger.........................................................Recitals Merger
Consideration....................................Section 2.01(c) Notice of
Superior Proposal.............................Section
4.02(b) NYSE....................................................Section
3.01(d) Outside Date............................................Section
7.01(b) Parent.........................................................Preamble Paying
Agent............................................Section 2.02(a) Pension
Plan............................................Section
3.01(n) Permits.................................................Section
3.01(k) person..................................................Section
8.03(a) Post-Signing Returns....................................Section
4.01(d) Proxy Statement.........................................Section
3.01(d) Public Statement...........................................Section
8.07 Release.................................................Section
3.01(l) Rights..................................................Section
3.01(c) Rights Agreement........................................Section
3.01(c) Rights Plan Preferred Stock.............................Section
3.01(c) Run-Off DandO; Policy.........................................Section
5.08 SEC.....................................................Section
3.01(d) Securities Act..........................................Section
3.01(e) Shareholder
Agreement..........................................Recitals Sub............................................................Preamble subsidiary..............................................Section
8.03(a) Superior Proposal.......................................Section
4.02(b) Surviving Corporation......................................Section
1.01 Takeover Proposal.......................................Section
4.02(a) tax.....................................................Section
3.01(i) Termination Fee.........................................Section
5.07(b)      '

