IBIT 2.1  -----------    EXECUTION
COPY            AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER    DATED AS OF
FEBRUARY 9, 2001    among    POTOMAC ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY    NEW
RC, INC.    and    CONECTIV        TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page  ARTICLE I THE MERGERS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. 1   1.1. The Mergers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1  1.2.
Closing . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2  1.3. Effective Time
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3  1.4. Effects of the Merger . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . 3  1.5. Certificate of Incorporation . . . . . . . .
. . . . . 3  1.6. By-Laws . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3 
1.7. Officers and Directors of Surviving Corporations . . . 3  1.8. Effect on
Parent and Conectiv Capital Stock . . . . . 4  1.9. Form of Election . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7  1.10. Deemed Non-Election . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . 8  1.11. Cancellation of HoldCo Common Stock . . . . . . . .
. 8  1.12. Conversion of Merger Sub A and Merger Sub B Common  Stock . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8  1.13. Shares of Dissenting Holders
. . . . . . . . . . . . 9  1.14. Anti-Dilution Provisions . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . 9  1.15. Further Assurances . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
9  ARTICLE II EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
10   2.1. Exchange Fund . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10  2.2.
Exchange Procedures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10  2.3. Distributions
with Respect to Unexchanged Shares . . 11  2.4. No Further Ownership Rights .
. . . . . . . . . . . 11  2.5. No Fractional Shares of HoldCo Common Stock .
. . . 11  2.6. Termination of Exchange Fund . . . . . . . . . . . . 11  2.7.
No Liability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12  2.8. Investment of
the Exchange Fund . . . . . . . . . . 12  2.9. Lost Certificates . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . 12  2.10. Withholding Rights . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . 12  2.11. Stock Transfer Books . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
12  ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES . . . . . . . . . . . . .
13   3.1. Representations and Warranties of Conectiv . . . . . 13  3.2.
Representations and Warranties of Parent . . . . . . 23  ARTICLE IV
COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS . . . . . . . . 30   4.1.
Covenants of Conectiv . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30  4.2. Covenants of
Parent . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 36  4.3. Advice of Changes;
Governmental Filings . . . . . . 39  4.4. Transition Planning . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . 39  4.5. Control of Other Party\'s Business . . . . . . . . .
39  4.6. Payment of Dividends . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 40  ARTICLE V
ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 40   5.1.
Preparation of Proxy Statement; Stockholders  Meeting. . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . 40  5.2. HoldCo Board of Directors . . . . . . . . . .
. . . 41         5.3. Access to Information . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . 41  5.4. Reasonable Best Efforts. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 42  5.5.
Acquisition Proposals . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 43  5.6. Conectiv Stock
Options; Employee Benefits Matters. . 44  5.7. Fees and Expenses . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . 46  5.8. Directors\' and Officers\' Indemnification
and  Insurance. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 46  5.9. Public
Announcements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 48  5.10. Accountants\' Letters
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 48  5.11. Listing of Shares of HoldCo Common
Stock . . . . . 48  5.12. Significant Presence; Community Support . . . . . .
48  5.13. Parent Share Repurchase Program. . . . . . . . . . . 48  5.14.
Conveyance Taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 48  ARTICLE VI CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 49   6.1. Conditions to Each
Party\'s Obligation to Effect the  Mergers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . 49  6.2. Additional Conditions to Obligations of Parent . . . 50 
6.3. Additional Conditions to Obligations of Conectiv . . 51  ARTICLE VII
TERMINATION AND AMENDMENT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 51   7.1.
Termination . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 51  7.2. Effect of
Termination . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 54  7.3. Amendment . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . 55  7.4. Extension; Waiver . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . 55  ARTICLE VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . 55   8.1. Non-Survival of Representations, Warranties and 
Agreements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 55  8.2. Notices . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 56  8.3. Interpretation . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . 56  8.4. Counterparts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . 57  8.5. Entire Agreement; Third Party Beneficiaries . . . . 57  8.6.
GOVERNING LAW . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 57  8.7. Severability . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 57  8.8. Assignment . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . 57  8.9. Submission to Jurisdiction; Waivers . . . . . .
. . 57  8.10. Enforcement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 58  8.11.
Definitions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 58  8.12. Other
Agreements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 59             
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of
February 9, 2001 (this "Agreement"), among POTOMAC ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY,
a corporation organized under the laws of the District of Columbia and
the Commonwealth of Virginia ("Parent"), NEW RC, INC., a Delaware
corporation and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent ("HoldCo"), and
CONECTIV, a Delaware corporation ("Conectiv").   W I T N E S S E T H :  
WHEREAS, Conectiv and Parent have determined to engage in a business
combination;   WHEREAS, in furtherance thereof the respective Boards
of Directors of Conectiv, Parent and HoldCo have approved the
consummation of a reorganization provided for in this Agreement, pursuant to
which two wholly owned, newly formed subsidiaries of HoldCo will merge with
and into Conectiv and Parent on the terms and conditions set forth in
this Agreement (such transactions are referred to herein individually as
the Conectiv Merger and the Parent Merger (as defined in Section 1.1(c))
and collectively as the "Mergers"), as a result of which the
common stockholders of Conectiv and Parent will together own all of
the outstanding shares of common stock of HoldCo and each share of each
other class of capital stock of Conectiv and Parent shall be unaffected
and remain outstanding;   WHEREAS, Parent, HoldCo and Conectiv desire to
make certain representations, warranties, covenants and agreements
in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and also
to prescribe various conditions to the transactions contemplated hereby;
and   WHEREAS, for federal income tax purposes, it is intended that the
Mergers, taken together, qualify as a transaction described in Section 351 of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code");   NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the respective
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth herein, and
intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as
follows:   ARTICLE I   THE MERGERS   1.1. The Mergers. (a) To effectuate
the transactions contemplated herein, Parent shall cause the
following corporations (together, the "Merger Subs") to be organized as
wholly owned subsidiaries of HoldCo:    -1-      (i) Merger Sub A
Corp., a corporation  organized under the laws of the District of Columbia
and the  Commonwealth of Virginia ("Merger Sub A"), the articles of 
incorporation and bylaws of which shall be in such forms as  shall be
determined by Parent with the consent of Conectiv,  which consent shall not
be unreasonably withheld, and the  authorized capital stock of which shall
initially consist of 100  shares of common stock, without par value, which
shall be issued  to HoldCo at a price of $1.00 per share.   (ii) Merger Sub
B Corp., a corporation  organized under the laws of the State of Delaware
("Merger  Sub B"), the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of which 
shall be in such forms as shall be determined by Parent with the  consent of
Conectiv, which consent shall not be unreasonably  withheld, and the
authorized capital stock of which shall  initially consist of 100 shares of
common stock, par value $.01  per share, which shall be issued to HoldCo at a
price of $1.00  per share.   (b) In connection with the organization of
the Merger Subs, as soon as practicable following the creation of the
Merger Subs, HoldCo shall: (a) designate the respective directors and
officers of the Merger Subs; (b) cause the directors and officers of the
Merger Subs to take such steps as may be necessary or appropriate to
complete the organization of the Merger Subs; (c) cause the boards of
directors of the Merger Subs to approve this Agreement; (d) adopt (as sole
stockholder of each of the Merger Subs) this Agreement; (e) cause the Merger
Subs to enter into and become parties to this Agreement; and (f) cause
each Merger Sub to perform its obligations hereunder.   (c) Upon the terms
and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, at the Effective Time (as
defined in Section 1.3):   (i) Merger Sub A shall be merged with and  into
Parent (the "Parent Merger") in accordance with the  applicable provisions of
the laws of the Commonwealth of  Virginia and the District of Columbia.
Parent shall be the  surviving corporation in the Parent Merger ("Surviving 
Corporation A") and shall continue its corporate existence under  the laws of
the District of Columbia and the Commonwealth of  Virginia. As a result of
the Parent Merger, Parent shall become  a subsidiary of HoldCo. The effects
and consequences of the  Parent Merger shall be as set forth in this
Agreement and in  Section 13.1-721 of the Virginia Stock Corporation Act
(the  "VSCA") and Section 29-370 of the Business Corporations Act of  the
District of Columbia (the "DCBCA").   (ii) Merger Sub B shall be merged with
and  into Conectiv (the "Conectiv Merger") in accordance with the     
-2-     laws of the State of Delaware. Conectiv shall be the surviving 
corporation in the Conectiv Merger ("Surviving Corporation B")  and shall
continue its existence under the laws of the State of  Delaware. As a result
of the Conectiv Merger, Conectiv shall  become a subsidiary of HoldCo. The
effects and consequences of  the Conectiv Merger shall be as set forth in
this Agreement and  in Sections 259-261 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law (the  "DGCL").   1.2. Closing. The closing of the Mergers
(the "Closing") will take place at 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on
the fifth Business Day after the satisfaction or waiver of the
conditions (excluding conditions that, by their terms, cannot be satisfied
until the Closing Date) set forth in Article VI (the "Closing Date"),
unless another time or date is agreed to in writing by the parties hereto.
The Closing shall be held at the offices of Simpson Thacher and Bartlett,
425 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York, 10017, unless another place
is agreed to in writing by the parties hereto.   1.3. Effective Time. As
part of the Closing, the parties hereto shall (i) file a certificate of
merger (the "Conectiv Certificate of Merger") in such form as is required by
and executed in accordance with the relevant provisions of the DGCL and make
all other filings or recordings required under the DGCL and (ii) file
certificates of merger (the "Parent Certificates of Merger", and together
with the Conectiv Certificate of Merger, the "Certificates of Merger")
with respect to the Parent Merger with the State Corporation Commission
of Virginia pursuant to the relevant provisions of the VSCA and with
the Mayor of the District of Columbia pursuant to the relevant provisions
of the DCBCA and make all other filings or recordings required under
the VSCA and the DCBCA. The Mergers shall become effective
simultaneously and at such time on the Closing Date as Parent and Conectiv
shall agree and is specified in the Certificates of Merger (the date and time
the Mergers become effective being the "Effective Time").   1.4. Effects of
the Merger. At and after the Effective Time, the Mergers will have the
effects set forth in the VSCA, the DCBCA and the DGCL. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time all
property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of Parent and Merger Sub
A shall be vested in Surviving Corporation A, and all debts, liabilities and
duties of Parent and Merger Sub A shall become debts, liabilities and duties
of the Surviving Corporation A. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time all the property,
rights, privileges, powers and franchises of Conectiv and Merger Sub B shall
be vested in the Surviving Corporation B, and all debts, liabilities and
duties of Conectiv and Merger Sub B shall become the debts, liabilities and
duties of the Surviving Corporation B.       -3-      1.5.
Certificate of Incorporation. At or prior to the Effective Time, HoldCo shall
adopt a certificate of incorporation substantially in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit A, which shall be the certificate of incorporation of
HoldCo following the Effective Time, until duly amended. The articles of
incorporation of Parent as in effect at the Effective Time shall be the
articles of incorporation of Surviving Corporation A until thereafter changed
or amended as provided therein and under applicable law. The certificate of
incorporation of Conectiv as in effect at the Effective Time shall be the
certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation B until thereafter
changed or amended as provided therein and under applicable law.   1.6. By-
Laws. At or prior to the Effective Time, HoldCo shall adopt by-laws
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, which shall be the
by-laws of HoldCo following the Effective Time, until duly amended. The by-
laws of Merger Sub A as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time
shall be the by-laws of Surviving Corporation A following the Effective Time,
until duly amended. The by- laws of Merger Sub B as in effect immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall be the by-laws of Surviving Corporation B
following the Effective Time, until duly amended.   1.7. Officers and
Directors of Surviving Corporations. (a) The officers of Merger Sub A
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the officers of Surviving
Corporation A, until the earlier of their resignation or removal or otherwise
ceasing to be an officer or until their respective successors are duly
elected and qualified. The directors of Merger Sub A immediately prior to
the Effective Time shall be the directors of Surviving Corporation A
until the earlier of their resignation or removal or otherwise ceasing to be
a director or until their respective successors are duly elected
and qualified.   (b) The officers of Merger Sub B immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be the officers of Surviving Corporation B, until the
earlier of their resignation or removal or otherwise ceasing to be an officer
or until the respective successors are duly elected and qualified. The
directors of Merger Sub B immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be
the directors of Surviving Corporation B until the earlier of their
resignation or removal or otherwise ceasing to be a director or until their
respective successors are duly elected and qualified.   1.8. Effect on
Parent and Conectiv Capital Stock. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the
Mergers and without any action on the part of Parent, Merger Sub A, Merger
Sub B, HoldCo, Conectiv or the holders of any of the following
securities:   (a) Cancellation of Certain Common Stock. Each share of
common stock, par value $1.00 per share, of Parent ("Parent    
-4-     Common Stock"), each share of common stock, par value $.01 per
share, of Conectiv ("Conectiv Common Stock") and each share of Class A
common stock, par value $.01 per share, of Conectiv ("Class A Stock"
and together with the Conectiv Common Stock, the "Conectiv Stock"), that
are owned by Parent, Conectiv or any of their Subsidiaries (as defined
in Section 8.11), shall be canceled and shall cease to exist, and
no consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor.   (b) Conversion
of Certain Common Stock. (i) Each share of Parent Common Stock issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares
canceled pursuant to Section 1.8(a) and shares with respect to which the
holder thereof duly exercises the right to dissent under applicable law)
shall be converted into the right to receive one share of common stock, par
value $.01 per share, of HoldCo ("HoldCo Common Stock") (the "Parent Merger
Consideration").   (ii) (A) Each share of Conectiv Common Stock issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than
shares canceled pursuant to Section 1.8(a) and shares with respect to which
the holder thereof duly exercises the right to dissent under applicable
law) shall be converted into the right to receive (x) $25.00 in cash
(the "Conectiv Common Stock Cash Consideration") or (y) the number of
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable shares of HoldCo Common Stock
(the "Conectiv Common Stock Share Consideration") determined by
dividing $25.00 by the Average Final Price (the "Conectiv Common Stock
Exchange Ratio"); provided, however, that:   (1) if the Average Final Price
is less than $19.50, the Conectiv Common Stock Exchange Ratio shall be
1.28205; and   (2) If the Average Final Price is greater than $24.50, the
Conectiv Common Stock Exchange Ratio shall be 1.02041.  As used herein, the
term "Average Final Price" shall mean the volume-weighted average (rounded to
the nearest $0.0001) of the closing trading prices of Parent Common Stock on
the New York Stock Exchange (the "NYSE"), as reported in the Wall Street
Journal, Eastern Edition (or such other sources as the parties shall agree in
writing), for the 20 Trading Days (as defined in Section 8.11) randomly
selected by lot out of 30 consecutive Trading Days ending on the fifth
business day immediately preceding the Closing Date. On the fourth Business
Day immediately preceding the Closing Date, the parties hereto shall announce
by press release the amount of the Average Final Price.   (B) Each share of
Class A Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
(other than shares canceled pursuant to Section 1.8(a) and shares with
respect to which the holder thereof duly exercises the right to dissent under
applicable law) shall be converted into the right to receive (x) $21.69 in
cash (the "Class A Cash Consideration" and together with the Conectiv Common
Stock    -5-     Cash Consideration, the "Conectiv Cash
Consideration") or (y) the number of validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable shares of HoldCo Common Stock (the "Class A Share
Consideration" and together with the Conectiv Common Stock Share
Consideration, the "Conectiv Share Consideration") determined by dividing
$21.69 by the Average Final Price (the "Class A Stock Exchange Ratio");
provided, however, that:   (1) if the Average Final Price is less than
$19.50, the Class A Stock Exchange Ratio shall be 1.11227; and   (2) if the
Average Final Price is greater than $24.50, the Class A Stock Exchange Ratio
shall be 0.88528.   The Conectiv Common Stock Cash Consideration and
the Conectiv Common Stock Share Consideration are referred to herein
together as the "Common Stock Consideration". The Class A Cash Consideration
and the Class A Share Consideration are referred to herein together as
the "Class A Consideration". The Conectiv Cash Consideration and the
Conectiv Share Consideration are referred to herein together as the
"Conectiv Merger Consideration". The Conectiv Merger Consideration and the
Parent Merger Consideration are referred to herein together as the
"Merger Consideration".   (c) Stock Election. Subject to the
immediately following sentence, each record holder of shares of Conectiv
Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be entitled to elect
to receive shares of HoldCo Common Stock for all or any part of
such holder\'s shares of Conectiv Stock (a "Stock Election").
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the sum (the "Stock Election Number") of (i)
the aggregate number of shares of Conectiv Common Stock to be converted into
the right to receive HoldCo Common Stock at the Effective Time and (ii) the
product of 0.86757 and the aggregate number of shares of Class A Stock to
be converted into the right to receive HoldCo Common Stock at the
Effective Time, will be 50% of the sum of (x) the total number of shares
of Conectiv Common Stock issued and outstanding as of the close of
business on the third trading day prior to the Effective Time (excluding for
these purposes shares to be cancelled pursuant to Section 1.8(a)) and (y)
the product of 0.86757 and the total number of shares of Conectiv Class
A Stock issued and outstanding as of the close of business on the
third trading day prior to the Effective Time (excluding for these
purposes shares to be cancelled pursuant to Section 1.8(a)).   (d) Stock
Election Shares. As used herein, the term "Stock Election Shares" means
shares of Conectiv Stock for which a Stock Election has been made and the
term "Aggregate Stock Election Share Number" means the sum of (i) the
aggregate number of shares of Conectiv Common Stock covered by Stock
Elections and (ii) the product of (A) the aggregate number of shares of Class
A Stock covered by Stock Elections and (B) 0.86757. If the Aggregate Stock
Election Share Number exceeds the Stock Election Number, each Stock Election
Share shall be converted into     -6-     the right to receive shares
of HoldCo Common Stock or cash in the following manner:   (i) a proration
factor (the "Stock Proration Factor") shall be determined by dividing the
Stock Election Number by the Aggregate Stock Election Share Number;   (ii)
the number of Stock Election Shares covered by each Stock Election that will
be converted into the right to receive HoldCo Common Stock shall be
determined by multiplying the Stock Proration Factor by each of (A) the total
number of shares of Conectiv Common Stock that are covered by such Stock
Election and (B) the total number of Shares of Class A Stock that are covered
by such Stock Election; and   (iii) each Stock Election Share other than
those shares converted into the right to receive HoldCo Common Stock
in accordance with Section 1.8(d)(ii), shall be converted into the right
to receive cash in accordance with Section 1.8(f)(ii).   (e) Cash Election.
Subject to the immediately following sentence, each record holder of shares
of Conectiv Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be entitled
to elect to receive Conectiv Cash Consideration for all or any part of such
holders\' shares of Conectiv Stock (a "Cash Election"). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the sum (the "Cash Election Number") of (i) the
aggregate number of shares of Conectiv Common Stock to be converted into the
right to receive cash at the Effective Time and (ii) the product of 0.86757
and the aggregate number of shares of Class A Stock to be converted into
the right to receive cash at the Effective Time, will be equal to (x) the
sum of (I) the total number of shares of Conectiv Common Stock issued
and outstanding as of the close of business on the third trading day prior
to the Effective Time (excluding for these purposes shares to be
cancelled pursuant to Section 1.8(a)) and (II) the product of 0.86757 and the
total number of shares of Class A Stock issued and outstanding as of the
close of business on the third trading day prior to the Effective
Time (excluding for these purposes shares to be cancelled pursuant to
Section 1.8(a)), minus (y) the Stock Election Number.   (f) Cash Election
Shares. As used herein, the term "Cash Election Shares" means the shares of
Conectiv Stock for which a Cash Election has been made and the term
"Aggregate Cash Election Share Number" means the sum of (i) the aggregate
number of shares of Conectiv Common Stock covered by Cash Elections and (ii)
the product of (A) the aggregate number of shares of Class A Stock covered by
Cash Elections and (B) 0.86757. If the Aggregate Cash Election Share Number
exceeds the Cash Election Number, each share of Conectiv Stock that is a Cash
Election Share shall be converted into the right to receive cash or HoldCo
Common Stock in the following manner:      -7-      (i) a proration
factor (the "Cash Proration Factor") shall be determined by dividing the Cash
Election Number by the number of Aggregate Cash Election Share Number;  
(ii) the number of Cash Election Shares covered by each Cash Election that
will be converted into the right to receive Conectiv Cash Consideration shall
be determined by multiplying the Cash Proration Factor by each of (A) the
total number of shares of Conectiv Common Stock covered by such Cash Election
and (B) the total number of shares of Class A Stock covered by such Cash
Election; and   (iii) each Cash Election Share other than those shares
converted into the right to receive cash in accordance with Section
1.8(f)(ii), shall be converted into the right to receive HoldCo Common Stock
in accordance with Section 1.8(d)(ii) (and cash in lieu of fractional
shares).   (g) Mixed Election. Subject to the immediately following
sentence, each record holder of shares of Conectiv Stock immediately prior to
the Effective Time shall be entitled to elect to receive shares of HoldCo
Common Stock for part of such holder\'s shares of Conectiv Stock and cash for
the remaining part of such holder\'s shares of Conectiv Stock (the "Mixed
Election" and, collectively with Stock Election and Cash Election, the
"Election"). With respect to each holder of Conectiv Stock who makes a Mixed
Election, the shares of Conectiv Stock such holder elects to be converted
into the right to receive Conectiv Share Consideration shall be treated as
Stock Election Shares for purposes of the provisions contained in Sections
1.8(c) and (d) and the shares such holder elects to be converted into the
right to receive Conectiv Cash Consideration shall be treated as Cash
Election Shares for purposes of the provisions contained in Sections 1.8(e)
and (f).   (h) Preferred Stock Unchanged. Each share of the Parent
Preferred Stock (as defined in Section 3.2(c)) shall be unchanged and shall
remain outstanding as Parent Preferred Stock after the Mergers.   1.9. Form
of Election. (a) Prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall appoint a bank or
trust company as may be approved by Conectiv (which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld) as the exchange and paying agent (the "Exchange
Agent") for the payment and exchange of the Merger Consideration.   (b)
Parent shall prepare a form of election (the "Form of Election") which shall
be subject to the approval of Conectiv (which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed) to be mailed by the Exchange Agent to the
record holders of Conectiv Stock not more than 60 Business Days nor less than
20 Business Days prior to the Election Date. The Form of Election shall be
used by each record holder of shares of Conectiv Stock who wishes to elect to
receive HoldCo Common Stock or cash for any or all shares of Conectiv Stock
held by such      -8-      holder, subject to the provisions of
Section 1.8. The Exchange Agent shall use reasonable efforts to make the Form
of Election available to all persons who become holders of Conectiv Stock
during the period between the record date (for the mailing of the Form of
Election) and the Election Date. Any holder\'s election shall have been
properly made only if the Exchange Agent shall have received at its
designated office, by 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Business Day
specified in the Form of Election (or a later Business Day specified by
Parent in a subsequent press release) (the "Election Date"), which Election
Date shall be two Business Days prior to the date on which the Effective Time
will occur, a Form of Election properly completed and signed and accompanied
by certificates that immediately prior to the Effective Time
represented issued and outstanding shares of Conectiv Stock (the
"Conectiv Certificates") representing the shares of Conectiv Stock to which
such Form of Election relates, duly endorsed in blank or otherwise in
form acceptable for transfer on the books of Conectiv (or by an
appropriate guarantee of delivery of such Conectiv Certificates as set forth
in such Form of Election from a firm which is an "eligible guarantor
institution" (as defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended the "Exchange Act")); provided that such Conectiv
Certificates are in fact delivered to the Exchange Agent by the time set
forth in such guarantee of delivery).   (c) Any Form of Election may be
revoked by the stockholder submitting it to the Exchange Agent only by
written notice received by the Exchange Agent prior to 5:00 p.m., New York
City time, on the Election Date. If a Form of Election is revoked, the
Conectiv Certificate or Conectiv Certificates (or guarantees of delivery,
as appropriate) for the shares of Conectiv Stock to which such Form
of Election relates shall be promptly returned by the Exchange Agent to
the stockholder of Conectiv submitting the same.   (d) Parent shall have
the discretion, which it may delegate in whole or in part to the Exchange
Agent, to determine whether Forms of Election have been properly completed,
signed and submitted or revoked and to disregard immaterial defects in Forms
of Election. The decision of Parent or the Exchange Agent in such matters
shall be conclusive and binding. Neither Parent nor the Exchange Agent shall
be under any obligation to notify any person of any defect in a Form
of Election submitted to the Exchange Agent. The Exchange Agent shall
also make all computations contemplated by Section 1.8, and all
such computations shall be conclusive and binding on the holder of shares
of Conectiv Stock.   1.10. Deemed Non-Election. For the purposes hereof, a
holder of shares of Conectiv Stock who does not submit a Form of Election
which is subsequently received by the Exchange Agent prior to the Election
Date (the "Non Election Shares") shall be deemed not to have made a Cash
Election, Stock Election or Mixed Election. If Parent or the Exchange Agent
shall determine that any purported Election was not      
-9-   properly made, the shares subject to such improperly made Election
shall be treated as Non Election Shares. Non Election Shares may be treated
as Cash Election Shares or Stock Election Shares, as Parent shall
determine.   1.11. Cancellation of HoldCo Common Stock. Each share of
HoldCo Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall be canceled, and no consideration shall be delivered in exchange
therefor.   1.12. Conversion of Merger Sub A and Merger Sub B Common Stock.
(a) Each share of common stock, without par value, of Merger Sub A that is
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be
converted into one share of common stock, without par value, of Surviving
Corporation A.   (b) Each share of common stock, par value $.01 per share,
of Merger Sub B that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be converted into one share of common stock, par value
$.01 per share, of Surviving Corporation B.   1.13. Shares of Dissenting
Holders. Any issued and outstanding shares of Conectiv Stock, Parent Common
Stock or Parent Preferred Stock held by a person who objects to the Mergers
and complies with all applicable provisions of Section 262 of the DGCL,
Section 13.1- 730 of the VSCA and/or Section 29-373 of the DCBCA, as
applicable, concerning the right of such person to dissent from the Mergers
and demand appraisal of such shares ("Dissenting Holder") shall from
and after the Effective Time represent only the right to receive
such consideration as may be determined to be due to such Dissenting
Holder with respect to such shares pursuant to applicable provisions of
the DGCL, the VSCA and the DCBCA and, in the case of shares of Conectiv
Stock and Parent Common Stock, shall not be converted as described in
Section 1.8(b); provided, however, that shares outstanding immediately prior
to the Effective Time and held by a Dissenting Holder who shall withdraw
the demand for appraisal, or lose the right of appraisal of such
shares, pursuant to Section 262 of the DGCL, Section 13.1-730 of the VSCA
and/or Section 29-373 of the DCBCA shall (i) in the case of shares of
Conectiv Stock or Parent Common Stock, be deemed to be converted, as of
the Effective Time, into the right to receive HoldCo Common Stock
specified in Section 1.8(b) and cash in lieu of fractional shares in
accordance with Section 2.5, without interest, and (ii) in the case of shares
of Parent Preferred Stock be unchanged in and remain outstanding after
the Mergers, without interest.   1.14. Anti-Dilution Provisions. In the
event Conectiv or Parent, as applicable, (i) changes (or establishes a
record date for changing) the number of shares of Conectiv Stock or
Parent Common Stock issued and outstanding prior to the Effective Time as
a result of a stock split, stock dividend, stock
combination, recapitalization, reclassification, reorganization or similar
transaction       -10-   with respect to the outstanding Conectiv
Stock or Parent Common Stock or (ii) pays or makes an extraordinary dividend
or distribution in respect of Conectiv Stock or Parent Common Stock (other
than a distribution referred to in clause (i) of this sentence) and, in
either case, the record date therefor shall be prior to the Effective Time,
the Conectiv Merger Consideration and/or the Parent Merger Consideration,
as appropriate, shall be proportionately adjusted. Regular quarterly
cash dividends and changes thereto shall not be considered extraordinary
for purposes of the preceding sentence.   1.15. Further Assurances. At and
after the Effective Time, the officers and directors of Surviving Corporation
A will be authorized to execute and deliver, in the name and on behalf of
Parent or Merger Sub A, any deeds, bills of sale, assignments or assurances
and to take and do, in the name and on behalf of Parent or Merger Sub A,
any other actions and things to vest, perfect or confirm of record
or otherwise in the Surviving Corporation A any and all right, title
and interest in, to and under any of the rights, properties or
assets acquired or to be acquired by Surviving Corporation A as a result of,
or in connection with, the Parent Merger. At and after the Effective
Time, the officers and directors of Surviving Corporation B will be
authorized to execute and deliver, in the name and on behalf of Conectiv or
Merger Sub B, any deeds, bills of sale, assignments or assurances and to
take and do, in the name and on behalf of Conectiv or Merger Sub B, any
other actions and things to vest, perfect or confirm of record or otherwise
in Surviving Corporation B any right, title and interest in, to and
under any of the rights, properties or assets acquired or to be acquired
by Surviving Corporation B as a result of, or in connection with,
the Conectiv Merger.   ARTICLE II   EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES   2.1.
Exchange Fund. At or prior to the Effective Time, Parent and HoldCo shall
deposit with the Exchange Agent, in trust for the benefit of holders of
shares of Parent Common Stock and Conectiv Stock, sufficient cash and
certificates representing HoldCo Common Stock to make all payments and
deliveries pursuant to Article II. Any cash and certificates for HoldCo
Common Stock deposited with the Exchange Agent shall hereinafter be referred
to as the "Exchange Fund."   2.2. Exchange Procedures. As soon as
reasonably practicable after the Effective Time (and in any case no later
than 5 days thereafter), Surviving Corporation A and Surviving Corporation
B shall cause the Exchange Agent to mail (a) to each record holder of
a certificate that immediately prior to the Effective Time
represented issued and outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock
("Parent Certificates" and together with the Conectiv Certificates,
the "Certificates") and (b) to each record holder of an Conectiv
Certificate        -11-   immediately prior to the Effective Time
who has not surrendered Conectiv Certificates representing all of the shares
of Conectiv Stock owned by such holder pursuant to Section 1.9(b), a letter
of transmittal which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk
of loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of the
Certificates to the Exchange Agent, and which letter shall be in customary
form and have such other provisions as HoldCo may reasonably specify and
(ii) instructions for effecting the surrender of such Certificates in
exchange for the Parent Merger Consideration or the Conectiv Merger
Consideration, as the case may be. Upon surrender of a Certificate to the
Exchange Agent together with such letter of transmittal, duly executed
and completed in accordance with the instructions thereto, and such
other documents as may reasonably be required by the Exchange Agent, the
holder of such Certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor
(A) a certificate representing, in the aggregate, the whole number of
shares of HoldCo Common Stock that such holder has the right to receive
pursuant to Section 1.8 (after taking into account all shares of Conectiv
Stock or Parent Common Stock, as the case may be, then held by such holder)
and/or (B) a check in the amount equal to the cash that such holder has
the right to receive pursuant to Sections 1.8, 2.3 and/or 2.5. No
interest will be paid or will accrue on any cash payable pursuant to Section
1.8, 2.3 or 2.5. In the event of a transfer of ownership of Conectiv Stock
or Parent Common Stock, as the case may be, which is not registered in
the transfer records of Conectiv or Parent, as the case may be, a
certificate representing, in the aggregate, the proper number of shares of
HoldCo Common Stock and/or a check in the proper amount pursuant to
Sections 1.8, 2.3 and/or 2.5 may be issued with respect to such Conectiv
Stock or Parent Common Stock, as the case may be, to such a transferee if
the Certificate formerly representing such shares of Conectiv Stock or
Parent Common Stock, as the case may be, is presented to the Exchange
Agent, accompanied by all documents required to evidence and effect
such transfer and to evidence that any applicable stock transfer taxes
have been paid. Persons who have submitted an effective Form of Election
as provided in Section 1.9(b) and surrendered Certificates as
provided therein shall be treated as if they have properly
surrendered Certificates together with the letter of transmittal pursuant to
this Section 2.2.   2.3. Distributions with Respect to Unexchanged Shares.
No dividends or other distributions declared or made with respect to shares
of HoldCo Common Stock with a record date after the Effective Time shall be
paid to the holder of any unsurrendered Certificate with respect to the
shares of HoldCo Common Stock that such holder would be entitled to receive
upon surrender of such Certificate until such holder shall surrender such
Certificate in accordance with Section 2.2. Subject to the effect of
applicable laws, following surrender of any such Certificate, there shall be
paid to such holder of shares of HoldCo Common Stock issuable in exchange
therefor, without interest, (a) promptly after the time of such surrender,
the amount of dividends or other distributions with a record date after the
Effective      -12-   Time theretofore paid with respect to such whole
shares of HoldCo Common Stock and (b) at the appropriate payment date, the
amount of dividends or other distributions with a record date after the
Effective Time but prior to such surrender and a payment date subsequent to
such surrender payable with respect to such whole shares of HoldCo Common
Stock.   2.4. No Further Ownership Rights. All shares of HoldCo Common
Stock issued and cash paid upon conversion of shares of Parent Common Stock
and Conectiv Common Stock in accordance with the terms of Article I and this
Article II (including any cash paid pursuant to Section 2.3 or 2.5) shall be
deemed to have been issued or paid in full satisfaction of all rights
pertaining to the shares of Parent Common Stock and Conectiv Stock, as the
case may be.   2.5. No Fractional Shares of HoldCo Common Stock. (a) No
fractional shares of HoldCo Common Stock and no certificates or scrip
representing fractional shares of HoldCo Common Stock shall be issued upon
the surrender for exchange of Certificates and such fractional share
interests will not entitle the owner thereof to vote or to have any rights of
a shareholder of HoldCo or a holder of shares of HoldCo Common Stock.   (b)
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, each holder of shares
of Parent Common Stock or Conectiv Stock exchanged pursuant to the Mergers
who would otherwise have been entitled to receive a fraction of a share of
HoldCo Common Stock (after taking into account all Certificates delivered by
such holder) shall receive, in lieu thereof, cash (without interest) in an
amount equal to the product of (i) such fractional part of a share of HoldCo
Common Stock multiplied by (ii) the last sales price per share of Parent
Common Stock reported on the NYSE Composite Tape as reported in The Wall
Street Journal, Eastern edition, with respect to the Closing Date.   2.6.
Termination of Exchange Fund. Any portion of the Exchange Fund which remains
undistributed to the holders of Certificates for twelve months after the
Effective Time shall be delivered to HoldCo or otherwise on the instruction
of HoldCo, and any holders of the Certificates who have not theretofore
complied with this Article II shall thereafter look only to HoldCo for the
Merger Consideration with respect to the shares of Conectiv Stock
formerly represented thereby to which such holders are entitled pursuant
to Sections 1.8 and 2.2, any cash in lieu of fractional shares of
HoldCo Common Stock to which such holders are entitled pursuant to Section
2.5 and any dividends or distributions with respect to shares of
HoldCo Common Stock to which such holders are entitled pursuant to Section
2.3.   2.7. No Liability. None of Parent, Merger Sub A, Merger Sub B,
HoldCo, Conectiv, Surviving Corporation A, Surviving Corporation B or the
Exchange Agent shall be liable to any Person in respect of any Merger
Consideration from the Exchange Fund delivered to a      -13-   public
official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar
law.   2.8. Investment of the Exchange Fund. The Exchange Agent shall
invest any cash included in the Exchange Fund as reasonably directed by
HoldCo; provided that, such investments shall be in obligations of or
guaranteed by the United States of America and backed by the full faith and
credit of the United States of America or in commercial paper obligations
rated P-1 and A-1 or better by Moody\'s Investors Service, Inc. and Standard
and Poor\'s Corporation, respectively. Any interest and other income resulting
from such investments shall be payable to HoldCo.   2.9. Lost Certificates.
If any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making
of an affidavit of that fact by the Person claiming such Certificate to be
lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by HoldCo, the posting by such
Person of a bond in such reasonable amount as HoldCo may direct as indemnity
against any claim that may be made against it with respect to such
Certificate, the Exchange Agent will deliver in exchange for such lost,
stolen or destroyed Certificate the applicable Merger Consideration with
respect to the shares of Parent Common Stock or Conectiv Stock formerly
represented thereby, any cash in lieu of fractional shares of HoldCo Common
Stock and unpaid dividends and distributions on shares of HoldCo Common
Stock deliverable in respect thereof, pursuant to this Agreement.   2.10.
Withholding Rights. Each of Surviving Corporation A, Surviving Corporation B
and HoldCo shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the consideration
otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement to any holder of shares of
Parent Common Stock or Conectiv Stock such amounts as it is required to
deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such payment under the Code
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or any provision of
state, local or foreign tax law. To the extent that amounts are so withheld
by Surviving Corporation A, Surviving Corporation B or HoldCo, as the case
may be, such withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this
Agreement as having been paid to the holder of the shares of Parent Common
Stock or Conectiv Stock in respect of which such deduction and withholding
was made by Surviving Corporation A, Surviving Corporation B or HoldCo,
as the case may be.   2.11. Stock Transfer Books. At the close
of business, New York City time, on the day the Effective Time occurs,
the stock transfer books of (a) Parent with respect to Parent Common
Stock issued and outstanding prior to the Effective Time shall be closed
and, thereafter, there shall be no further registration of transfers on
the records of Parent of shares of Parent Common Stock issued and
outstanding prior to the Effective Time, and (b) Conectiv with respect to
Conectiv Stock issued and outstanding prior to the Effective Time shall be
closed and, thereafter, there shall be no further registration of transfers
on    -14-     the records of Conectiv of shares of Conectiv Stock
issued and outstanding prior to the Effective Time. From and after the
Effective Time, the holders of Certificates shall cease to have any rights
with respect to such shares of Conectiv Stock or Parent Common Stock, as
the case may be, formerly represented thereby, except as otherwise
provided herein or by law. On or after the Effective Time, any
Certificates presented to the Exchange Agent or HoldCo for any reason shall
be exchanged for the applicable Merger Consideration with respect to
the shares of Conectiv Stock or Parent Common Stock, as the case may
be, formerly represented thereby, any cash in lieu of fractional shares
of HoldCo Common Stock to which the holders thereof are entitled pursuant
to Section 2.5 and any dividends or other distributions to which the
holders thereof are entitled pursuant to Section 2.3.   ARTICLE III  
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES   3.1. Representations and Warranties of
Conectiv. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedule delivered by
Conectiv to Parent prior to the execution of this Agreement (the "Conectiv
Disclosure Schedule") and except as set forth in the Conectiv SEC Reports
(as defined in Section 3.1(f)) filed prior to the date of this
Agreement, Conectiv represents and warrants to Parent as follows:   (a)
Organization, Standing and Power. (i) Conectiv and each of its Subsidiaries
(as defined in Section 8.11) is a corporation or other entity duly
incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, has all
requisite power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to
carry on its business as now being conducted and is duly qualified and in
good standing to do business in each jurisdiction in which the nature of its
business or the ownership or leasing of its properties makes such
qualification necessary other than in such jurisdictions where the failure to
so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in Section 8.11) on Conectiv. The
copies of the certificate of incorporation and by-laws of Conectiv which
were previously furnished to Parent are true, complete and correct copies
of such documents as in effect on the date of this Agreement.   (ii) Each
of Conectiv\'s Joint Ventures (as defined below) is a corporation duly
incorporated or an entity otherwise organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization,
has all requisite power and authority to own, lease and operate its
properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted and is duly
qualified and in good standing to do business in each jurisdiction in which
the nature of its business or the ownership or leasing of its properties
makes such qualification necessary, except in each case as would not
reasonably be      -15-   expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect on Conectiv. As used in this Agreement, "Joint Venture" with respect
to any person shall mean any corporation or other entity (including
partnerships and other business associations and joint ventures) in which
such person or one or more of its Subsidiaries owns an equity interest that
is less than a majority of any class of the outstanding voting securities or
equity, other than equity interests held for investment purposes that are
less than 20% of any class of the outstanding voting securities or
equity.   (b) Subsidiaries. Section 3.1(b) of the Conectiv Disclosure
Schedule contains a description as of the date hereof of all Subsidiaries and
Joint Ventures of Conectiv, including the name of each such entity, the state
or jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, a brief description of
the principal line or lines of business conducted by each such entity and
Conectiv\'s interest therein.   (c) Capital Structure.   (i) As of January
3, 2001, the authorized  capital stock of Conectiv consisted of (A)
150,000,000 shares of  Conectiv Common Stock, of which 82,977,813 shares
were  outstanding, (B) 10,000,000 shares of Class A Stock, of which 
5,742,315 shares were outstanding, and (C) 20,000,000 shares of  Preferred
Stock, of which no shares were outstanding but of  which 1,200,000 shares
have been designated as Series One Junior  Preferred Stock and 65,606 shares
have been designated as Series  Two Junior Preferred Stock, in each case
reserved for issuance  upon exercise of the Preferred Stock Purchase Rights
(the  "Rights") distributed to the holders of Conectiv Stock pursuant  to
the Stockholders Rights Agreement, dated as of April 23,  1998, between
Conectiv and Conectiv Resource Partners, Inc., as  Rights Agent (the "Rights
Plan"). From January 3, 2001 to the  date of this Agreement, there have been
no issuances of shares  of the capital stock of Conectiv or any other
securities of  Conectiv other than issuances of shares (and accompanying 
Rights) pursuant to options or rights outstanding as of January  3, 2001
under the Benefit Plans (as defined in Section 8.11) of  Conectiv. All issued
and outstanding shares of the capital  stock of Conectiv are duly authorized,
validly issued, fully  paid and nonassessable, and no class of capital stock
is  entitled to preemptive rights. There were outstanding as of  January 3,
2001 no options, warrants or other rights to acquire  capital stock from
Conectiv other than (x) the Rights and (y)  options representing in the
aggregate the right to purchase up  to 3,036,600 shares of Conectiv Common
Stock (collectively, the  "Conectiv Stock Options") under the Conectiv
Incentive  Compensation Plan (the "Conectiv Stock Option Plan"). As of 
January 3, 2001, Conectiv had further reserved 1,678,300 shares  of Conectiv
Common Stock for purchase pursuant to the Conectiv  Stock Option Plan. Other
than the associated Rights issued with      -16-    the shares issued
as described above, no options or warrants or  other rights to acquire
capital stock from Conectiv have been  issued or granted from January 3, 2001
to the date of this  Agreement.   (ii) As of the date of this Agreement,
no  bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness of Conectiv  having the
right to vote on any matters on which stockholders  may vote ("Conectiv
Voting Debt") are issued or outstanding.   (iii) All of the outstanding
shares of  capital stock of, or other equity interests in, each of 
Conectiv\'s Subsidiaries have been duly authorized and validly  issued and
are fully paid and nonassessable and are owned  directly or indirectly by
Conectiv, free and clear of all  pledges, claims, liens, charges,
encumbrances and security  interests of any kind or nature whatsoever
(collectively,  "Liens"). To Conectiv\'s knowledge, all of the shares of
capital  stock or other equity interests which Conectiv owns in all of  its
Joint Ventures, have been duly authorized and validly issued  and are fully
paid and nonassessable. All such shares of capital  stock or other equity
interests are owned directly or indirectly  by Conectiv, free and clear of
all Liens (other than any  customary provisions contained in the applicable
investment,  shareholder, joint venture or similar agreements governing
such  Joint Venture). Except as otherwise set forth in this Section  3.1(c)
or as contemplated by Section 5.6, as of the date of this  Agreement, there
are no securities, options, warrants, calls,  rights, commitments,
agreements, arrangements or undertakings of  any kind to which Conectiv or
any of its Subsidiaries is a  party, or by which any of them is bound,
obligating Conectiv or  any of its Subsidiaries to issue, deliver or sell, or
cause to  be issued, delivered or sold, additional shares of capital stock 
or other voting securities of Conectiv or any of its  Subsidiaries or
obligating Conectiv or any of its Subsidiaries  to issue, grant, extend or
enter into any such security, option,  warrant, call, right, commitment,
agreement, arrangement or  undertaking. As of the date of this Agreement,
there are no  outstanding obligations of Conectiv or any of its
Subsidiaries  to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of
capital  stock of Conectiv or any of its Subsidiaries.   (d) Authority; No
Violations.   (i) Conectiv has all requisite corporate  power and authority
to enter into this Agreement and to  consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby, subject in the  case of the consummation of the Conectiv Merger to
the adoption  of this Agreement by the Required Conectiv Vote (as defined
in  Section 3.1(i)). The execution and delivery of this Agreement     
-17-    and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby  have
been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on  the part of
Conectiv, subject in the case of the consummation of  the Conectiv Merger to
the adoption of this Agreement by the  Required Conectiv Vote. This Agreement
has been duly executed  and delivered by Conectiv and constitutes a valid and
binding  agreement of Conectiv, enforceable against it in accordance with 
its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by  bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar  laws relating to or
affecting creditors generally, by general  equity principles (regardless of
whether such enforceability is  considered in a proceeding in equity or at
law) or by an implied  covenant of good faith and fair dealing.   (ii)
Conectiv is not currently in violation  of, or in default under, (A) any
provision of the certificate of  incorporation or by-laws of Conectiv or (B)
except as would not  reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect on  Conectiv, any loan or credit agreement, contract, note, 
mortgage, bond, indenture, lease, benefit plan or other  agreement,
obligation, instrument, permit, concession,  franchise, license, judgment,
order, decree, statute, law,  ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to
Conectiv or any of  its Subsidiaries or their respective properties or
assets. The  execution and delivery of this Agreement by Conectiv do not,
and  the consummation by Conectiv of the Conectiv Merger and the  other
transactions contemplated hereby will not, result in any  violation of, or
constitute a default (with or without notice or  lapse of time, or both)
under, or give rise to a right of  termination, amendment, cancellation or
acceleration of any  obligation or the loss of a material benefit under, or
the  creation of a lien, pledge, security interest, charge or other 
encumbrance on any assets (any such conflict, violation,  default, right of
termination, amendment, cancellation or  acceleration, loss or creation, a
"Violation") pursuant to:  (C) any provision of the certificate of
incorporation or by-laws  of Conectiv or (D) except as would not reasonably
be expected to  result in a Material Adverse Effect on Conectiv, subject to 
obtaining or making the consents, approvals, orders, permits, 
authorizations, registrations, declarations, notices and filings  referred to
in paragraph (iii) below, any loan or credit  agreement, note, contract,
mortgage, bond, indenture, lease,  benefit plan or other agreement,
obligation, instrument, permit,  concession, franchise, license, judgment,
order, decree,  statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation of any kind to
which  Conectiv or any of its Subsidiaries is now subject to, a party  to or
by which any of them or any of their respective properties  or assets may be
bound or affected.       -18-     (iii) No material consent,
approval, order,  permit or authorization of, or registration, declaration,
notice  or filing with, any supranational, national, state, municipal or 
local government, any instrumentality, subdivision, court,  administrative
agency or commission or other authority thereof,  or any quasi-governmental
or private body exercising any  regulatory, taxing, importing or other
governmental or quasi-  governmental authority (a "Governmental Entity"), is
required by  or with respect to Conectiv or any Subsidiary of Conectiv in 
connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by  Conectiv or
the consummation by Conectiv of the Conectiv Merger  and the other
transactions contemplated hereby, except for those  required under or in
relation to (A) the Hart-Scott-Rodino  Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as
amended (the "HSR Act"),  (B) state securities or "blue sky" laws (the "Blue
Sky Laws"),  (C) the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities 
Act"), (D) the Exchange Act, (E) the DGCL with respect to the  filing of the
Certificates of Merger, (F) rules and regulations  of the NYSE and (G) the
consents, approvals, orders, permits,  authorizations, registrations,
declarations, notices and filings  set forth in Section 3.1(d)(iii) of the
Conectiv Disclosure  Schedule. Consents, approvals, orders, permits,
authorizations,  registrations, declarations, notices and filings required
under  or in relation to any of the foregoing clauses (A) through (F)  are
hereinafter referred to as "Necessary Approvals" and those  required under or
in relation to clause (G) are hereinafter  referred to as "Conectiv Required
Statutory Approvals."   (e) Compliance; Permits. Neither Conectiv nor
any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of any law, rule, regulation,
order, judgment or decree applicable to Conectiv or any of its Subsidiaries
or by which its or any of their respective properties are bound, except
for any such violation which would not reasonably be expected to result in
a Material Adverse Effect on Conectiv. Conectiv and its Subsidiaries
have all permits, licenses, authorizations, exemptions, orders,
consents, approvals and franchises from Governmental Entities required to
conduct their respective businesses as now being conducted, except for any
such permit, license, authorization, exemption, order, consent, approval
or franchise the absence of which would not reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect on Conectiv.   (f) Reports and
Financial Statements. Conectiv and its Subsidiaries have filed all reports,
schedules, forms, statements, declarations, applications and other documents
required to be filed by them with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
"SEC") since January 1, 1999 (collectively, including all exhibits thereto,
the "Conectiv SEC Reports"). None of Conectiv SEC Reports, as of
their respective dates (and, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to
the date of this Agreement or the Closing Date, then on the date of
such filing), contained or will contain any untrue statement of a
material     -19-    fact or omitted or will omit to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. Each of the financial statements of Conectiv (including the
related notes) included in the Conectiv SEC Reports presents fairly, in all
material respects, the consolidated financial position and consolidated
results of operations and cash flows of Conectiv and its consolidated
Subsidiaries as of the respective dates or for the respective periods set
forth therein, all in conformity with United States generally
accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") consistently applied during the
periods involved except as otherwise noted therein, and subject, in the case
of the unaudited interim financial statements, to the absence of
footnotes and to normal year-end adjustments that have not been and are
not expected to be material in amount. All of such Conectiv SEC Reports,
as of their respective dates (and as of the date of any amendment to
the respective Conectiv SEC Report), complied as to form in all
material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act,
the Exchange Act and the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935,
as amended (the "1935 Act"), and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder.   (g) Absence of Certain Changes or Events;
Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities. (i) Since December 31, 1999, Conectiv
and its Subsidiaries have conducted their business in the ordinary course
of business and no event has occurred which has had, and no fact
or circumstance exists that would reasonably be expected to result in,
a Material Adverse Effect on Conectiv.   (ii) Neither Conectiv nor any of
its Subsidiaries has any liabilities or obligations (whether absolute,
contingent, accrued or otherwise) of a nature required by GAAP to be
reflected in a consolidated corporate balance sheet, except liabilities,
obligations or contingencies that are accrued or reserved against in the
consolidated financial statements of Conectiv or are reflected in the notes
thereto for the year ended December 31, 1999, that were incurred in the
ordinary course of business since December 31, 1999 or that would not
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on
Conectiv.   (h) Board Approval. The Board of Directors of Conectiv, by
resolutions duly adopted at a meeting duly called and held and not
subsequently rescinded or modified in any way (the "Conectiv Board
Approval"), has duly (i) determined that this Agreement and the Conectiv
Merger are advisable and in the best interests of Conectiv and its
stockholders, (ii) approved this Agreement and the Mergers and
(iii) recommended that the stockholders of Conectiv adopt this Agreement
and the Mergers. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and
warranties set forth in Section 3.2(p), the Conectiv Board Approval
constitutes approval of this Agreement and the Mergers for purposes of
Section 203 of the DGCL.       -20-    (i) Vote Required. Assuming
the accuracy of the representations and warranties set forth in Section
3.2(p), the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the total voting
power of the outstanding shares of Conectiv Common Stock and Class A
Stock, voting together as a single class, to adopt this Agreement (the
"Required Conectiv Vote") is the only vote of the holders of any class or
series of Conectiv capital stock necessary to adopt this Agreement and
approve the transactions contemplated hereby.   (j) Rights Plan. Conectiv
has heretofore provided Parent with a complete and correct copy of the Rights
Plan, including all amendments and exhibits thereto. The Board of Directors
of Conectiv has approved an amendment to the Rights Plan, and the Rights Plan
has been so amended, so that neither the execution of this Agreement nor
the consummation of the Merger will (i) cause the Rights to
become exercisable, (ii) cause Parent or Merger Sub B to become an
Acquiring Person (as such term is defined in the Rights Plan) or (iii) give
rise to a Stock Acquisition Date or a Distribution Date (as each such term
is defined in the Rights Plan).   (k) Takeover Statutes. No "fair
price," "moratorium," "control share acquisition" or other similar
antitakeover statute or regulation enacted under state or federal laws in the
United States (with the exception of Section 203 of the DGCL) applicable
to Conectiv is applicable to the Conectiv Merger or the other
transactions contemplated hereby (other than the Parent Merger).   (l)
Brokers or Finders. No agent, broker, investment banker, financial advisor or
other firm or Person is or will be entitled to any broker\'s or finder\'s fee
or any other similar commission or fee in connection with any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement based on arrangements made by or
on behalf of Conectiv, except Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation (the
"Conectiv Financial Advisor"), whose fees and expenses will be paid by
Conectiv in accordance with Conectiv\'s agreement with such firm, based upon
arrangements made by or on behalf of Conectiv and previously disclosed to
Parent.   (m) Opinion of Conectiv Financial Advisor. Conectiv has received
the opinion of Conectiv Financial Advisor, dated the date of this Agreement,
to the effect that, as of such date, the Common Stock Consideration is fair
to the holders of Conectiv Common Stock from a financial point of view and
the Class A Consideration is fair to the holders of Conectiv Class A Stock
from a financial point of view.   (n) Regulation as a Utility; 1935 Act.
Conectiv is a public utility holding company registered under, and subject to
the provisions of, the 1935 Act and Conectiv has the following
two "subsidiary companies" that are "public utility companies" (as such
terms are defined in the 1935 Act): Atlantic City Electric Company ("ACE")
and        -21-   Delmarva Power and Light Company ("DPandL;"). ACE is
subject to regulation as a public utility or public service company (or
similar designation) in the States of New Jersey and Pennsylvania and DPandL;
is subject to regulation as a public utility or public service company (or
similar designation) in the States of Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania
and Virginia. Except as set forth in the two preceding sentences,
neither Conectiv nor any "subsidiary company" or "affiliate" (as such terms
are defined in the 1935 Act) of Conectiv is subject to regulation as a
public utility holding company, a public utility or public service company
(or similar designation) by any state in the United States or
any municipality or political subdivision of any state, by the United
States or any agency or instrumentality of the United States (including
under the 1935 Act) or by any foreign country.   (o) Taxes. Except for
matters which would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect on Conectiv, (i) Conectiv and each of its Subsidiaries, and
any consolidated, combined, unitary or aggregate group for tax purposes
of which Conectiv or any of its Subsidiaries is or has been a member
has timely filed all Tax Returns (as defined below) required to be filed
by it in the manner provided by law; (ii) all such Tax Returns filed
by Conectiv or any of its Subsidiaries are true, complete and accurate
in all material respects; (iii) all Taxes (as defined below) with respect
to Conectiv and its Subsidiaries due and payable (without regard to
whether such Taxes have been assessed) have been timely paid or adequate
reserves have been established for the payment of such Taxes; (iv) there are
no Tax liens upon the assets of Conectiv or any of its Subsidiaries
except liens for Taxes not yet due; (v) no audits or other
administrative proceedings or court proceedings are presently pending with
regard to any Taxes or Tax Returns of Conectiv or any of its Subsidiaries and
no issue that has not yet been resolved has been raised in writing after
December 31, 1993 by any Tax authority in connection with any income or
gross receipt Tax or Tax Return; (vi) Conectiv and its Subsidiaries have
made available to Parent complete and accurate copies of (A) the most
recently filed material income Tax Returns and any amendments thereto as of
the date of this Agreement and (B) any Tax Rulings issued or entered
into after December 31, 1993 by Conectiv or any of its Subsidiaries with
any Tax authority that could materially impact income or gross receipt
Taxes of Conectiv or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any Tax
Return that has not been filed; (vii) with respect to the assessment of
all income or gross receipt Taxes for all taxable periods of Conectiv and
its Subsidiaries through December 31, 1992, either (A) the statute
of limitations has expired for all applicable Tax Returns of Conectiv
and its Subsidiaries or (B) those Tax Returns have been examined by
the appropriate taxing authorities; (viii) no deficiency for any income
or gross receipt Taxes has been proposed, asserted or assessed
against Conectiv or any of its Subsidiaries that has not been resolved and
paid in full; (ix) neither Conectiv nor any of its Subsidiaries has
any liability for Taxes of any person other than Conectiv and
its Subsidiaries (A) under Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6 (or
any        -22-   similar provision of state, local or foreign law),
(B) as a transferee or successor, (C) by contract or (D) otherwise; and (x)
neither Conectiv nor any of its Subsidiaries has constituted a "distributing
corporation" in a distribution of stock qualifying for tax-free treatment
under Section 355 of the Code (A) in the past 24-month period or (B) in a
distribution which could otherwise constitute part of a "plan" or "series of
related transactions" (within the meaning of Section 355(e) of the
Code). "Tax(es)," as used in this Agreement, means any federal, state,
county, local or foreign taxes, charges, fees, levies, or other
assessments, including all net income, gross income, sales and use, ad
valorem, transfer, gains, profits, windfall profits, excise, franchise, real
and personal property, gross receipts, capital stock, production,
business and occupation, disability, employment, payroll, license,
estimated, stamp, custom duties, severance or withholding taxes or other
taxes or similar charges imposed by any governmental authority, and includes
any interest and penalties (civil or criminal) on or additions to any
such taxes or in respect of a failure to comply with any requirement
relating to any Tax Return and any expenses incurred in connection with
the determination, settlement or litigation of any tax liability.
"Tax Return," as used in this Agreement, means a report, return or
other information supplied to a governmental authority with respect to
Taxes including, where permitted or required, combined or consolidated
returns for any group of entities that includes Conectiv or any of
its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, or Parent or any of its Subsidiaries,
on the other hand. "Tax Ruling," as used in this Agreement, shall mean
a written ruling of a Tax authority relating to Taxes.   (p) Benefit Plans.
(i) Section 3.1(p)(i) of the Conectiv Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list
of each material Benefit Plan (as defined in Section 8.11) of Conectiv. The
Benefit Plans of Conectiv have been administered and operated in accordance
with their terms, and with all applicable requirements of the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), the Code and
other applicable laws, except where the failure to so comply would
not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect
on Conectiv. Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in
a Material Adverse Effect on Conectiv, there are no pending or, to
the knowledge of Conectiv, threatened claims and no pending or, to
the knowledge of Conectiv, threatened litigation with respect to any
Benefit Plan of Conectiv, other than ordinary and usual claims for benefits
by participants and beneficiaries.   (ii) Each Benefit Plan of Conectiv
that is intended to be "qualified" within the meaning of Section 401(a) of
the Code or its predecessor(s) has received a favorable determination letter
from the IRS and, to the knowledge of Conectiv, no event has occurred and no
condition exists that would reasonably be expected to result in the
revocation of any such determination.        -23-    (iii) No
unsatisfied liability that would reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect on Conectiv has been, or would reasonably be expected
to be, incurred under Title IV of ERISA (other than for benefits payable in
the ordinary course or Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation insurance
premiums) or Sections 412(f) or (n) of the Code by Conectiv or by any entity
required to be aggregated with Conectiv pursuant to Section 4001 of ERISA
and/or Section 414 of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder (an
"ERISA Affiliate"). No Benefit Plan of Conectiv or of any ERISA Affiliate of
Conectiv that is subject to Title IV of ERISA has been terminated or is or
has been the subject of termination proceedings pursuant to Title IV of ERISA
which termination would reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect on Conectiv.   (iv) No Benefit Plan of Conectiv is a
"multiemployer plan" (as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA) and neither
Conectiv nor any ERISA Affiliate has been obligated to contribute to
any multiemployer plan or has incurred or would reasonably be expected
to incur any withdrawal liability under Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA
with respect to any multiemployer plan which liability would reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on Conectiv.   (v) No
Benefit Plan of Conectiv nor any Benefit Plan of an ERISA Affiliate of
Conectiv has incurred any "accumulated funding deficiency" (within the
meaning of Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code) whether or not
waived.   (vi) Neither Conectiv nor any of its Subsidiaries, or, to the
knowledge of Conectiv, any other "disqualified person" or "party in interest"
(as defined in Section 4975(e)(2) of the Code and Section 3(14) of ERISA,
respectively), has engaged in any transaction in connection with any Benefit
Plan of Conectiv that has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to
result in, the imposition of a penalty pursuant to Section 502(i) of ERISA,
damages pursuant to Section 409 of ERISA or a tax pursuant to Section 4975(a)
of the Code which liability would reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect on Conectiv.   (vii) Neither the execution nor
performance of this Agreement nor the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby, whether alone or in conjunction with a termination of
employment, will accelerate the time of payment or vesting, or increase the
amount of compensation owed to any current or former employee, officer or
director of Conectiv or any of its Subsidiaries (including under the Delmarva
Sub- Plan of the Conectiv Retirement Plan).   (viii) With respect to each
Benefit Plan of Conectiv, Conectiv has made available to the Parent true and
complete copies of the following documents, as applicable: (i) all plan
documents, with all amendments thereto; (ii) the current summary plan
description with any        -24-   applicable summaries of material
modifications thereto; (iii) all current trust agreements and/or other
documents establishing plan funding arrangements; (iv) the most recent IRS
determination letter and, if a request for such a letter is currently
pending, a copy of such filing; (v) the most recently prepared actuarial
valuation report; and (vi) the most recently prepared financial
statements.   (ix) No Benefit Plan of Conectiv provides for the payment of
severance benefits solely by reason of the consummation of the transaction
contemplated in this Agreement.   (q) Litigation. Except for claims,
actions, suits, proceedings or investigations that would not reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on Conectiv, there are no
claims, actions, suits, proceedings or investigations pending or, to
Conectiv\'s knowledge, threatened against Conectiv or any of its
Subsidiaries, or any of their respective properties, before or by any
Governmental Entity. As of the date hereof, neither Conectiv nor any of its
Subsidiaries nor any of their respective properties is or are subject to any
order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree or award having, or which would
reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect on
Conectiv.   (r) Environmental Matters. Except as would not reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on Conectiv: (i) Conectiv and
each of its Subsidiaries comply with all applicable Environmental Laws (as
defined below), and possess and comply with all applicable Environmental
Permits (as defined below) and all requirements for application, renewal or
modification thereof, as well as air emission allowances and air emissions
reduction credits required under such laws to operate as it presently
operates; (ii) to the knowledge of Conectiv, there are no Materials of
Environmental Concern (as defined below) at any current or former assets,
facilities, businesses or properties owned or operated by Conectiv or any of
its Subsidiaries, under circumstances that are reasonably likely to result
in liability of Conectiv or any Subsidiary under any
applicable Environmental Law; (iii) neither Conectiv nor any of its
Subsidiaries has received any written notification alleging that it is liable
for, or has received any request for information pursuant to section 104(e)
of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act
or similar state statute or any other similar applicable Environmental
Laws, concerning any release or threatened release of Materials
of Environmental Concern at any location; (iv) to the knowledge of
Conectiv, no capital expenditures will be required to achieve or
maintain compliance with Environmental Laws; and (v) to the knowledge of
Conectiv, neither Conectiv nor any of its Subsidiaries has contractually
assumed or retained from any person or entity (including any Governmental
Entity), liability for any matters arising under or pursuant to any
Environmental Laws. For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall
have the following meanings: (x) "Environmental Laws" shall mean all
foreign, federal, state, or local statutes, regulations, ordinances, codes,
or        -25-   decrees and any binding administrative or judicial
interpretation thereof protecting the quality of the ambient air, soil,
natural resources, surface water or groundwater, in effect as of the date of
this Agreement; (y) "Environmental Permits" shall mean all permits,
licenses, registrations, and other authorizations required under
applicable Environmental Laws; and (z) "Materials of Environmental Concern"
shall mean any hazardous, acutely hazardous, or toxic substance or
waste defined, characterized or regulated as such under Environmental
Laws, including without limitation the federal Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act and the federal Clean
Air Act, Clean Water Act, Toxic Substances Control Act, Resource Conservation
and Recovery Act and any analogous state and local laws and regulations.  
(s) No Parent Capital Stock. Conectiv does not own or hold directly or
indirectly any shares of Parent Common Stock or any other capital stock of
Parent, or any options, warrants or other rights to acquire any shares of
Parent Common Stock or any other capital stock of Parent, or in each case,
any interests therein.   (t) Intellectual Property. Conectiv and
its Subsidiaries have all right, title and interest in, or a valid
and binding license to use, all Intellectual Property (as defined
below) material to the conduct of the business of Conectiv and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole. Neither Conectiv nor any Subsidiary of
Conectiv is in default (or with the giving of notice or lapse of time or
both, would be in default) under any license to use such Intellectual
Property and, to the knowledge of Conectiv, such Intellectual Property is not
being infringed by any third party, and neither Conectiv nor any Subsidiary
of Conectiv is infringing any Intellectual Property of any third
party, except for such defaults and infringements which would not reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on Conectiv. For
purposes of this Agreement "Intellectual Property" means patents and
patent rights, trademarks and trademark rights, trade names and trade
name rights, service marks and service mark rights, service names and
service name rights, copyrights and copyright rights and other
proprietary intellectual property rights and all pending applications for
and registrations of any of the foregoing.   (u) Nuclear Operations and NRC
Actions.   (i) Conectiv\'s Subsidiaries hold minority- interest ownerships
in those facilities set forth in Section 3.1(u) of the Conectiv Disclosure
Schedule (the "Company Nuclear Facilities"). Such Subsidiaries hold the
required operating licenses with respect to the Company Nuclear Facilities.
To the knowledge of Conectiv, the operations of the Company Nuclear
Facilities are and have at all times been conducted in compliance with
applicable health, safety, regulatory and other legal requirements, and no
Company Nuclear Facility is or has been in violation of any applicable
health, safety, regulatory or other legal requirements applicable to the
Company Nuclear Facilities, except for        -26-   such failures
to comply as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect on Conectiv. To the knowledge of Conectiv, the Company Nuclear
Facilities maintain or have maintained emergency plans designed to respond to
an unplanned release therefrom of radioactive materials into the environment
and liability insurance to the extent required by law, and such further
insurance (other than liability insurance) as is consistent with the
Company\'s view of the risks inherent in the operation of a nuclear power
facility and with the general practices of the nuclear power industry.  
(ii) Neither Conectiv nor any of its Subsidiaries has been given written
notice of or been charged with actual or potential violation of, or, to the
knowledge of Conectiv, is the subject of any ongoing proceeding, inquiry,
special inspection, diagnostic evaluation or other Nuclear Regulatory
Commission ("NRC") action of which Conectiv or any of its Subsidiaries has
received notice under the Atomic Energy Act, any applicable regulations
thereunder or the terms and conditions of any license granted to Conectiv or
any of its Subsidiaries regarding the Company Nuclear Facilities that would
reasonably be expected to result in likely to have, a Material Adverse Effect
on Conectiv. No Company Nuclear Facility is, as of the date of this
Agreement, on the List of Nuclear Power Plants Warranting Increased
Regulatory Attention maintained by the NRC.   (v) Insurance. Conectiv and
each of Conectiv\'s Subsidiaries is, and has been continuously since January
1, 1996, insured with financially responsible insurers (or maintained self-
insurance) in such amounts and against such risks and losses as are customary
for companies conducting the business as conducted by Conectiv and
its Subsidiaries during such time period.   (w) Commodity Matters. As of
February 6, 2001, Conectiv and its Subsidiaries do not have open forward
price exposure exceeding, in the aggregate (as qualified on a mark-to-market
basis, using FASB 133 guidelines, and calculated with respect to its
physical and financial position exposure) $5.3 million of one-day value at
risk and $11.9 million of five-day value at risk for the following
energy related commodity products, including but not limited to: natural gas
and natural basis, oil and oil related products, coal, emissions
allowances, weather derivatives, and electricity, including installed
capacity, transmission capacity and other ancillary products.   3.2.
Representations and Warranties of Parent. Except as set forth in the
Disclosure Schedule delivered by Parent to Conectiv prior to the execution of
this Agreement (the "Parent Disclosure Schedule") and except as set forth in
the Parent SEC Reports (as defined in Section 3.2(f)) filed prior to the date
of this Agreement, Parent represents and warrants to Conectiv as
follows:       -27-     (a) Organization, Standing and Power. (i)
Parent and each of its Subsidiaries (including HoldCo, Merger Sub A and
Merger Sub B) is a corporation or other entity duly incorporated or
otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, has all requisite
power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry
on its business as now being conducted and is duly qualified and in
good standing to do business in each jurisdiction in which the nature of
its business or the ownership or leasing of its properties makes
such qualification necessary other than in such jurisdictions where
the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on Parent. The copies
of the articles of incorporation and by-laws of Parent and HoldCo,
which were previously furnished to Conectiv are true, complete and
correct copies of such documents as in effect on the date of this
Agreement. HoldCo is a direct wholly-owned Subsidiary of Parent.   (ii)
Each of Parent\'s Joint Ventures is a corporation duly incorporated or an
entity otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, has all requisite
power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on
its business as now being conducted and is duly qualified and in good
standing to do business in each jurisdiction in which the nature of its
business or the ownership or leasing of its properties makes such
qualification necessary, except in each case as would not reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.   (b)
Subsidiaries. Section 3.2(b) of the Parent Disclosure Schedule contains a
description as of the date hereof of all Subsidiaries of Parent, including
the name of each such entity, the state or jurisdiction of its incorporation
or organization, a brief description of the principal line or lines of
business conducted by each such entity and Parent\'s interest
therein.        -28-                   (c) Capital
Structure.   (i) As of January 31, 2001, the authorized  capital stock of
Parent consisted of (A) 200,000,000 shares of  Parent Common Stock, par value
$1.00 per share, of which  110,751,976 shares were outstanding, (B) 8,800,000
shares of  Preference Stock, par value $25 per share, of which no shares 
were outstanding and 7,750,000 shares of preferred stock, par  value $50 per
share (the "Parent Preferred Stock"), of which  1,806,543 shares are
outstanding. From January 31, 2001 to the  date of this Agreement, there have
been no issuances of shares  of the capital stock of Parent or any other
securities of Parent  other than issuances of shares pursuant to options or
rights  outstanding as of January 31, 2001 under the Benefit Plans of 
Parent. All issued and outstanding shares of the capital stock  of Parent are
duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and  nonassessable, and no class
of capital stock is entitled to  preemptive rights. There were outstanding as
of January 31, 2001  no options, warrants or other rights to acquire capital
stock  from Parent other than the right to purchase up to 1,332,441  shares
of Parent Common Stock. No options or warrants or other  rights to acquire
capital stock from Parent have been issued or  granted from January 31, 2001
to the date of this Agreement.  The issuance by HoldCo of HoldCo Common Stock
to the holders of  Conectiv Stock pursuant to this Agreement has been duly 
authorized by all requisite corporate action of HoldCo and  Parent and, upon
such issuance, all such shares of HoldCo Common  Stock will be validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable.   (ii) As of the date of this
Agreement, no  bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness of Parent
having  the right to vote on any matters on which stockholders may vote 
("Parent Voting Debt") are issued or outstanding.   (iii) All of the
outstanding shares of  capital stock of, or other equity interests in, each
of Parent\'s  Subsidiaries have been duly authorized and validly issued and 
are fully paid and nonassessable and are owned directly or  indirectly by
Parent, free and clear of all Liens. To Parent\'s  knowledge, all of the
shares of capital stock or other equity  interests which Parent owns in all
of its Joint Ventures, have  been duly authorized and validly issued and are
fully paid and  nonassessable. All such shares of capital stock or other
equity  interests are owned directly or indirectly by Parent, free and 
clear of all Liens (other than any customary provisions  contained in the
applicable investment, shareholder, joint  venture or similar agreements
governing such Joint Venture).  Except as otherwise set forth in this Section
3.2(c), as of the  date of this Agreement, there are no securities,
options,  warrants, calls, rights, commitments, agreements,
arrangements      -29-    or undertakings of any kind to which Parent
or any of its  Subsidiaries is a party, or by which any of them is bound, 
obligating Parent or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, deliver  or sell, or
cause to be issued, delivered or sold, additional  shares of capital stock or
other voting securities of Parent or  any of its Subsidiaries or obligating
Parent or any of its  Subsidiaries to issue, grant, extend or enter into any
such  security, option, warrant, call, right, commitment, agreement, 
arrangement or undertaking. As of the date of this Agreement,  there are no
outstanding obligations of Parent or any of its  Subsidiaries to repurchase,
redeem or otherwise acquire any  shares of capital stock of Parent or any of
its Subsidiaries.   (d) Authority; No Violations.   (i) Each of Parent,
Merger Sub A, Merger  Sub B and HoldCo have all requisite corporate power
and  authority to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the 
transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of  this
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions  contemplated hereby have
been duly authorized by all necessary  corporate action on the part of
Parent, Merger Sub A, Merger Sub  B and HoldCo. This Agreement has been duly
executed and  delivered by each of Parent, Merger Sub A, Merger Sub B and 
HoldCo and constitutes a valid and binding agreement of each of  Parent,
Merger Sub A, Merger Sub B and HoldCo, enforceable  against each of them in
accordance with its terms, except as  such enforceability may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency,  reorganization, moratorium and similar laws relating
to or  affecting creditors generally, by general equity principles 
(regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a  proceeding in
equity or at law) or by an implied covenant of  good faith and fair
dealing.   (ii) Parent is not currently in violation  of, or in default
under, (A) any provision of the articles of  incorporation or by-laws of
Parent or (B) except as would not  reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect on  Parent, any loan or credit agreement, contract,
note, mortgage,  bond, indenture, lease, benefit plan or other agreement, 
obligation, instrument, permit, concession, franchise, license,  judgment,
order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or  regulation applicable to
Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or  their respective properties or assets.
The execution and  delivery of this Agreement by Parent, Merger Sub A, Merger
Sub B  and HoldCo do not, and the consummation by Parent, Merger Sub A, 
Merger Sub B and HoldCo of the Mergers and the other  transactions
contemplated hereby will not, result in a Violation  pursuant to: (C) any
provision of the articles of incorporation  or by-laws of Parent or (D)
except as would not reasonably be        -30-    expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect on Parent,  subject to obtaining or making the
consents, approvals, orders,  permits, authorizations, registrations,
declarations, notices  and filings referred to in paragraph (iii) below, any
loan or  credit agreement, note, contract, mortgage, bond, indenture, 
lease, benefit plan or other agreement, obligation, instrument,  permit,
concession, franchise, license, judgment, order, decree,  statute, law,
ordinance, rule or regulation of any kind to which  Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries is now subject to or a party  to or by which any of them or any
of their respective properties  or assets may be bound or affected.   (iii)
No material consent, approval, order,  permit or authorization of, or
registration, declaration, notice  or filing with, any Governmental Entity is
required by or with  respect to Parent or any Subsidiary of Parent in
connection with  the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent,
Merger  Sub A, Merger Sub B and HoldCo or the consummation by Parent, 
Merger Sub A, Merger Sub B and HoldCo of the Mergers and the  other
transactions contemplated hereby, except for (A) the  Necessary Approvals and
(B) the consents, approvals, orders,  permits, authorizations, registrations,
declarations, notices  and filings set forth in Section 3.2(d)(iii) of the
Parent  Disclosure Schedule (the "Parent Required Statutory Approvals").  
(e) Compliance; Permits. Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries is in
violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable
to Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or by which its or any of their
respective properties are bound, except for any such violation which would
not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.
Parent and its Subsidiaries have all permits, licenses, authorizations,
exemptions, orders, consents, approvals and franchises from Governmental
Entities required to conduct their respective businesses as now being
conducted, except for any such permit, license, authorization, exemption,
order, consent, approval or franchise the absence of which would not
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.  
(f) Reports and Financial Statements. Parent and its Subsidiaries have filed
all reports, schedules, forms, statements, declarations, applications and
other documents required to be filed by them with the SEC since January 1,
1999 (collectively, including all exhibits thereto, the "Parent SEC
Reports"). None of the Parent SEC Reports, as of their respective dates (and,
if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement or
the Closing Date, then on the date of such filing), contained or will contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or will omit to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading. Each of the financial statements of Parent (including
the        -31-   related notes) included in the Parent SEC Reports
presents fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial
position and consolidated results of operations and cash flows of Parent and
its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the respective dates or for the
respective periods set forth therein, all in conformity with GAAP
consistently applied during the periods involved except as otherwise noted
therein, and subject, in the case of the unaudited interim financial
statements, to the absence of footnotes and to normal year-end adjustments
that have not been and are not expected to be material in amount. All of such
Parent SEC Reports, as of their respective dates (and as of the date of any
amendment to the respective Parent SEC Report), complied as to form in all
material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act,
the Exchange Act and the 1935 Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder.   (g) Absence of Certain Changes or Events;
Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities. (i) Since December 31, 1999, Parent and
its Subsidiaries have conducted their business in the ordinary course
of business and no event has occurred which has had, and no fact
or circumstance exists that would reasonably be expected to result in,
a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.   (ii) Neither Parent nor any of its
Subsidiaries has any liabilities or obligations (whether absolute,
contingent, accrued or otherwise) of a nature required by GAAP to be
reflected in a consolidated corporate balance sheet, except liabilities,
obligations or contingencies that are accrued or reserved against in the
consolidated financial statements of Parent or are reflected in the notes
thereto for the year ended December 31, 1999, that were incurred in the
ordinary course of business since December 31, 1999 or that would not
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.  
(h) Brokers or Finders. No agent, broker, investment banker, financial
advisor or other firm or Person is or will be entitled to any broker\'s or
finder\'s fee or any other similar commission or fee in connection with any
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements
made by or on behalf of Parent, except Merrill Lynch and Co., Inc. (the "Parent
Financial Advisor"), whose fees and expenses will be paid by Parent in
accordance with Parent\'s agreement with such firm based upon arrangements
made by or on behalf of Parent and previously disclosed to Conectiv.   (i)
Opinion of Parent Financial Advisor. Parent has received the opinion of
Parent Financial Advisor, dated the date of this Agreement, to the effect
that, as of such date, the Parent Merger Consideration is fair, from a
financial point of view, to each of the holders of Parent Common Stock.  
(j) Regulation as a Utility; 1935 Act. Parent is not a public utility holding
company within the meaning of the 1935 Act,      -32-    but is a
"public-utility company" within the meaning of the 1935 Act. Parent is
regulated as a public utility in the District of Columbia and the State of
Maryland and, to a limited extent, in the Commonwealths of Pennsylvania and
Virginia and in no other state. Except as set forth in the two preceding
sentences, neither Parent nor any "subsidiary company" or "affiliate" (as
such terms are defined in the 1935 Act) of Parent is subject to regulation as
a public utility holding company, a public utility or public service company
(or similar designation) by any state in the United States or any
municipality or political subdivision of any state, by the United States or
any agency or instrumentality of the United States (including under the 1935
Act) or by any foreign country.   (k) Taxes. Except for matters which would
not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on
Parent, (i) Parent and each of its Subsidiaries, and any consolidated,
combined, unitary or aggregate group for tax purposes of which Parent or any
of its Subsidiaries is or has been a member has timely filed all Tax
Returns required to be filed by it in the manner provided by law; (ii) all
such Tax Returns filed by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries are true,
complete and accurate in all material respects; (iii) all Taxes with respect
to Parent and its Subsidiaries due and payable (without regard to
whether such Taxes have been assessed) have been timely paid or adequate
reserves have been established for the payment of such Taxes; (iv) there are
no Tax liens upon the assets of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries
except liens for Taxes not yet due; (v) no audits or other
administrative proceedings or court proceedings are presently pending with
regard to any Taxes or Tax Returns of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries and
no issue that has not yet been resolved has been raised in writing after
December 31, 1995 by any Tax authority in connection with any income or
gross receipt Tax or Tax Return; (vi) with respect to the assessment of
all income or gross receipt Taxes for all taxable periods of Parent and
its Subsidiaries through December 31, 1995, either (A) the statute
of limitations has expired for all applicable Tax Returns of Parent and
its Subsidiaries or (B) those Tax Returns have been examined by
the appropriate taxing authorities; (vii) no deficiency for any income
or gross receipt Taxes has been proposed, asserted or assessed
against Parent or any of its Subsidiaries that has not been resolved and paid
in full; (viii) neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has any
liability for Taxes of any person other than Parent and its Subsidiaries (A)
under Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of
state, local or foreign law), (B) as a transferee or successor, (C) by
contract or (D) otherwise; and (ix) neither Parent nor any of its
Subsidiaries has constituted a "distributing corporation" in a distribution
of stock qualifying for tax-free treatment under Section 355 of the Code (A)
in the past 24-month period or (B) in a distribution which could
otherwise constitute part of a "plan" or "series of related transactions"
(within the meaning of Section 355(e) of the Code).        -33-   
(l) Benefit Plans.   (i) Each Benefit Plan of Parent has been administered
and operated in accordance with its terms, and with all applicable
requirements of ERISA, the Code and other applicable laws, except where the
failure to so comply would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect on Parent. Except as would not reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect on Parent, there are no pending or, to
the knowledge of Parent, threatened claims and no pending or, to the
knowledge of Parent, threatened litigation with respect to any Benefit Plan
of Parent, other than ordinary and usual claims for benefits by participants
and beneficiaries.   (ii) Each Benefit Plan of Parent that is intended
to be "qualified" within the meaning of Section 401(a) of the Code or
its predecessor(s) has received a favorable determination letter from the
IRS and, to the knowledge of Parent, no event has occurred and no
condition exists that would reasonably be expected to result in the
revocation of any such determination except to the extent failure to have
received a favorable determination letter or revocation of such determination
letter would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect on Parent.   (iii) No unsatisfied liability that would
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on Parent, has
been, or would reasonably be expected to be, incurred under Section 502(i)
or 409 or Title IV of ERISA (other than for benefits payable in the
ordinary course or Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation insurance premiums)
or Sections 412(f), 412(n) or 4975(a) of the Code by Parent or by any
ERISA Affiliate. No Benefit Plan of Parent nor any Benefit Plan of an
ERISA Affiliate of Parent has incurred any "accumulated funding
deficiency" (within the meaning of Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 of the
Code) whether or not waived except to the extent such deficiency would
not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on
Parent.   (m) Litigation. Except for claims, actions, suits, proceedings or
investigations that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect on Parent, there are no claims, actions, suits, proceedings or
investigations pending or, to Parent\'s knowledge, threatened against Parent
or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective properties, before or
by any Governmental Entity. As of the date hereof, neither Parent nor any of
its Subsidiaries nor any of their respective properties is or are subject to
any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree or award having, or which would
reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.  
(n) Environmental Matters. Except as would not reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect on Parent: (i) Parent and each of its
Subsidiaries comply with all applicable Environmental Laws, and possess and
comply with all applicable Environmental Permits and all requirements for
application, renewal or modification thereof, as well as air emission
allowances and air       -34-    emissions reduction credits
required under such laws to operate as it presently operates; (ii) to the
knowledge of Parent, there are no Materials of Environmental Concern at any
current or former assets, facilities, businesses or properties owned or
operated by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, under circumstances that are
reasonably likely to result in liability of Parent or any Subsidiary under
any applicable Environmental Law; (iii) neither Parent nor any of its
Subsidiaries has received any written notification alleging that it is liable
for, or has received any request for information pursuant to section 104(e)
of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act
or similar state statute or any other similar applicable Environmental
Laws, concerning any release or threatened release of Materials
of Environmental Concern at any location; (iv) to the knowledge of
Parent, no capital expenditures will be required to achieve or
maintain compliance with Environmental Laws; and (v) to the knowledge of
Parent, neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has contractually assumed
or retained from any person or entity (including any Governmental
Entity), liability for any matters arising under or pursuant to any
Environmental Laws.   (o) Vote Required. Assuming the accuracy of
the representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.1(s),
the affirmative vote of (i) the holders of 66 2/3% of outstanding shares
or Parent Common Stock voting separately as a class and (ii) a majority
of all outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock and Parent Preferred
Stock, voting together as a single class (the "Required Parent Vote") is
the only vote of the holders of any class or series of Parent capital
stock necessary to adopt this Agreement and approve the
transactions contemplated hereby.   (p) No Conectiv Capital Stock. Neither
Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries own or hold directly or indirectly any
shares of Conectiv Stock, or any options, warrants or other rights to acquire
any shares of Conectiv Stock, or in each case, any interests therein,
other than pursuant to the Mergers as contemplated by this Agreement.   (q)
HoldCo. HoldCo has not conducted any activities other than in connection with
the organization of HoldCo, the negotiation and execution of this Agreement
and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Other than
Merger Sub A and Merger Sub B, HoldCo has no Subsidiaries.   (r) Sufficient
Funds. Parent and HoldCo will have at the Effective Time sufficient
immediately available funds and sufficient authorized but unissued shares or
treasury shares of HoldCo Common Stock to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby and to pay all related fees and expenses.   (s)
Insurance. Parent and each of its Subsidiaries is, and has been continuously
since January 1, 1996, insured with        -35-   financially
responsible insurers (or maintained self-insurance) in such amounts and
against such risks and losses as are customary for companies conducting the
business as conducted by Parent and its Subsidiaries during such time
period.   (t) Intellectual Property. Parent and its Subsidiaries have all
right, title and interest in, or a valid and binding license to use, all
Intellectual Property material to the conduct of the business of Parent and
its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. Neither Parent nor any Subsidiary of
Parent is in default (or with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both,
would be in default) under any license to use such Intellectual Property and,
to the knowledge of Parent, such Intellectual Property is not being infringed
by any third party, and neither Parent nor any Subsidiary of Parent is
infringing any Intellectual Property of any third party, except for such
defaults and infringements which would not reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.   (u) Board Approval. The Board of
Directors of Parent, by resolutions duly adopted a meeting duly called and
held and not subsequently rescinded or modified in any way (the "Parent
Board Approval"), has duly (i) determined that this Agreement and the
Mergers are advisable and in the best interests of Parent and its
stockholders, (ii) approved this Agreement and the Mergers and (iii)
recommended that the stockholders of Parent adopt this Agreement and the
Mergers. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties set
forth in Section 3.1(s), the Parent Board Approval constitutes approval of
this Agreement and the Mergers for purposes of Sections 13.1-725 through
13.1-727 of the VSCA.   (v) Rights Plan. Parent does not have
a stockholders rights agreement, shareholders rights plan or any
other similar plan or agreement.   (w) Takeover Statutes. No "fair
price," "moratorium," "control share acquisition" or other similar
antitakeover statute or regulation enacted under state or federal laws in the
United States (with the exception of Sections 13.1-725 through 13.1-727 of
the VSCA) applicable to Parent is applicable to the Parent Merger or
the other transactions contemplated hereby (other than the Conectiv
Merger).   ARTICLE IV   COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS   4.1.
Covenants of Conectiv. During the period from the date of this Agreement and
continuing until the Effective Time, Conectiv agrees as to itself and its
Subsidiaries that (except as expressly contemplated or permitted by this
Agreement or as otherwise indicated on the Conectiv Disclosure Schedule or as
required by a        -36-   Governmental Entity of competent
jurisdiction or by applicable law, rule or regulation, or to the extent that
Parent shall otherwise consent in writing (which consent not to be
unreasonably delayed or withheld)):   (a) Ordinary Course of Business.
Conectiv shall,  and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, carry on its and
their  businesses in the usual, regular and ordinary course consistent  with
past practice and use all commercially reasonable efforts  to preserve intact
their present business organizations and  goodwill, preserve the goodwill and
relationships with  customers, suppliers and others having business dealings
with  them and, subject to prudent management of their workforces and  on-
going programs currently in force, keep available the  services of their
present officers and employees, to the end  that their goodwill and ongoing
businesses shall not be impaired  in any material respect at the Effective
Time. Conectiv shall  not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to,
(i) enter  into a new line of business involving any material investment of 
assets or resources or any material exposure to liability or  loss
(including, without limitation, any loans or capital  contributions to, and
the undertaking of any guarantees in favor  of or any "keep well" or other
agreements to maintain the  financial condition of, another person), or (ii)
make  investments (including without limitation any loans or capital 
contributions to, and the undertaking of any guarantees in favor  of or any
"keep well" or other agreements to maintain the  financial condition of,
another person) in excess of $25 million  in the aggregate, except
investments in Subsidiaries and except  investments in the ordinary course of
business.   (b) Dividends. Conectiv shall not, and shall not  permit any of
its Subsidiaries to: (i) declare or pay any  dividends on or make other
distributions in respect of any of  their capital stock other than (A) by a
wholly owned Subsidiary  or by a partially owned Subsidiary (provided that
Conectiv or a  Subsidiary of Conectiv receives its proportionate share of
such  dividend or distribution), (B) dividends required to be paid on  any
preferred stock of Subsidiaries in accordance with their  terms, (C) regular
dividends on Conectiv Common Stock with usual  record and payment dates at a
rate not in excess of $0.22 per  share per quarter, (D) regular dividends on
the Class A Stock  with usual record and payment dates (1) at a rate not in
excess  of $0.80 per share per quarter for the period through and  including
March 31, 2001 and (2) thereafter, at an annual rate  up to (x) 90% of the
"Company Net Income Attributable to the  Atlantic Utility Group" (as defined
in the certificate of  incorporation of Conectiv) multiplied by (y) the
"Outstanding  Atlantic Utility Fraction" (as defined the certificate of 
incorporation of Conectiv) and (E) with respect to any quarter  in which the
Effective Time occurs, a special dividend with        -37-   
respect to each of Conectiv Common Stock and the Class A Stock  in an amount
consisting of the pro rata portion of the dividend  permitted under clause
(C) or (D), as applicable, for the period  from and including the first day
of such quarter through, but  not including, the day of the Effective Time;
(ii) split,  combine or reclassify any of their capital stock or issue or 
authorize or propose the issuance of any other securities in  respect of, in
lieu of, or in substitution for, shares of its  capital stock; or (iii)
redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire  any shares of their capital stock
other than (x) redemptions,  repurchases and other acquisitions of shares of
capital stock in  the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice  including, without limitation, (1) repurchases, redemptions and 
other acquisitions in connection with the administration of  Benefit Plans
and dividend reinvestment plans as in effect on  the date hereof in the
ordinary course of the operation of such  plans consistent with past
practice, (2) redemptions, purchases  or acquisitions required by the terms
of any series of preferred  stock of any Subsidiary or (3) in connection with
the refunding  of the preferred stock of any Subsidiary through the issuance
of  additional preferred stock of any Subsidiary or indebtedness  either at
its stated maturity or at a lower cost of funds  (calculating such cost on an
aggregate after-tax basis) or  through the incurrence of indebtedness
permitted under Section  4.1(g) and (y) intercompany acquisitions of capital
stock.   (c) Issuance of Securities. Conectiv shall not,  and shall not
permit any of its Subsidiaries to, issue, deliver  or sell, or authorize or
propose the issuance, delivery or sale  of, any shares of their capital stock
of any class or any  securities convertible into or exchangeable for, or any
rights,  warrants or options to acquire, any such shares or convertible  or
exchangeable securities, except for (v) in connection with  the refunding of
the preferred stock of any Subsidiary through  the issuance of additional
preferred stock of any Subsidiary  either at its stated maturity or at a
lower cost of funds  (calculating such cost on an aggregate after-tax basis),
(w) the  issuance of common stock pursuant to the dividend reinvestment 
plans of Conectiv as in effect on the date hereof in the  ordinary course of
the operation of such plans, (x) the issuance  of common stock, or stock
options, stock appreciation or similar  rights, as the case may be, pursuant
to Benefit Plans of  Conectiv as in effect on the date hereof in the ordinary
course  of the operation of such plans not to exceed the amounts set  forth
in Section 4.1(c) of the Conectiv Disclosure Schedule, (y)  the issuance by a
Subsidiary of shares of its capital stock to  its parent and (z) any issuance
required under the Rights Plan.   (d) Charter Documents. Conectiv shall not
amend or  propose to amend its certificate of incorporation or its
bylaws.        -38-    (e) Acquisitions. Except (i) for acquisitions
not  exceeding $25 million in the aggregate during any fiscal year,  or more
than $50 million in the aggregate during the period from  the date of this
Agreement to the Effective Time, or (ii) in the  ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice,  Conectiv shall not, and shall not permit any
of its Subsidiaries  to, acquire or agree or publicly propose to acquire, by
merging  or consolidating with, or by purchasing a substantial equity 
interest in or a substantial portion of the assets of, or by any  other
manner, any business or any corporation, partnership,  association or other
business organization or division thereof,  or otherwise acquire or agree to
acquire any material amount of  assets.   (f) No Dispositions. Other than
(i) dispositions  not exceeding $50 million during any fiscal year, (ii) 
dispositions publicly announced prior to the date hereof or  pursuant to
agreements in effect on the date hereof, (iii)  dispositions of Conectiv
Communications, Inc., Conectiv Thermal  Systems, Inc., Petron Oil Corp. and
Conectiv Solutions, LLC,  (iv) dispositions of investments made in or by
Enertech Capital  Partners I or Enertech Capital Partners II, (v)
dispositions of  assets of Burney Forest Power (Burney, CA), Vineland 
Cogeneration, L.P. (Vineland, NJ), Pedricktown Cogeneration,  L.P.
(Pedricktown, NJ), SEGS IV (Kramer Junction, CA) and Hydro  Kennebec
(Winslow, ME), (vi) disposition of transmission and  distribution assets in
Vineland, New Jersey or (vii) in the  ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice,  Conectiv shall not, and shall not permit any of its
Subsidiaries  to, sell, lease, license, encumber or otherwise dispose of,
any  material amount of assets. In addition to the above, Conectiv  shall
provide to Parent copies of all agreements which Conectiv  or its
Subsidiaries propose to enter into in connection with any  disposition
described in this paragraph (f) which is material to  Conectiv and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole and shall confer  and consult with Parent prior
to execution of any such  agreements which provide for material ongoing
obligations on  behalf of Conectiv or its Subsidiaries.   (g) Indebtedness.
Conectiv shall not, and shall  not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, incur
or guarantee any  indebtedness (including any debt borrowed or guaranteed
or  otherwise assumed, including without limitation the issuance of  debt
securities or warrants or rights to acquire debt) or enter  into any "keep
well" or other agreement to maintain the  financial condition of another
person or enter into arrangements  having the effect of any of the foregoing
other than (i) short-  term indebtedness in the ordinary course of business
consistent  with past practice, (ii) long-term indebtedness in connection 
with the refinancing of existing indebtedness either at its       
-39-    stated maturity or at a lower cost of funds (calculating such 
cost on an aggregate after-tax basis), (iii) long-term  indebtedness in
connection with the refunding of the preferred  stock of any Subsidiary
either at its stated maturity or at a  lower cost of funds (calculated as
aforesaid), (iv) as  contemplated in the Conectiv SEC Reports filed prior to
the date  of this Agreement pursuant to the 1935 Act, (v) pursuant to 
securitizations to the extent permitted by the applicable  Governmental
Entity, (vi) to finance acquisitions or capital  expenditures permitted by
Sections 4.1(e) or 4.1(h), (vii) such  indebtedness, guarantees and
agreements among Conectiv and its  Subsidiaries and (viii) additional
indebtedness in any fiscal  year not exceeding $100 million.   (h) Capital
Expenditures. Conectiv shall not, and  shall not permit any of its
Subsidiaries to, make any capital  expenditures, other than, with respect to
ACE and DPandL;, (i)  capital expenditures incurred in connection with the 
construction of new facilities, (ii) capital expenditures to  repair or
replace facilities destroyed or damaged due to  casualty or accident (whether
or not covered by insurance) and  (iii) capital expenditures required to
provide or maintain  reliable electric and natural gas service and, with
respect to  all other Subsidiaries of Conectiv those which do not exceed,
in  the aggregate, capital expenditures provided for in each  category in
the budget set forth in Section 4.1(h) of the  Conectiv Disclosure
Schedule.   (i) Compensation and Benefits. Conectiv shall not,  and shall
not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into,  adopt or amend, or
increase the amount or accelerate the payment  or vesting of any benefit or
amount payable under, any Benefit  Plan or employee benefit plan or other
arrangement that would be  a Benefit Plan of Conectiv or its Subsidiaries if
it were in  effect as of the date of this Agreement, or increase the 
compensation or benefits of any director, employee or officer of  Conectiv or
any of its Subsidiaries, (x) except for any of the  foregoing required by a
Benefit Plan of Conectiv or collective  bargaining agreement, (y) except for
normal (including  incentive) increases in the ordinary course of business
that, in  the aggregate, do not result in a material increase in benefits 
or compensation expense to Conectiv and its Subsidiaries taken  as a whole,
and (z) except in the case of new hires and  promotions; provided, however,
that the Personnel and  Compensation Committee of Conectiv shall be permitted
to consult  with participants in the Conectiv Supplemental Retirement Plan 
and the Conectiv Deferred Compensation Plan, and to determine  whether
benefits under such plans will be distributed in one  lump sum or in
accordance with the distribution options  previously selected by each
participant upon a participant\'s       -40-    termination of
employment or service for any reason following  the Effective Time.   (j)
Accounting. Conectiv shall not, and shall not  permit any of its Subsidiaries
to, make any changes in their  accounting methods, except as permitted by
GAAP.   (k) Rate Matters; 1935 Act. (i) To the extent  permitted by law,
except for currently pending rate filings, any  fuel cost recovery
applications, routine or administrative  filings and informational filings in
connection with market-  based rates, Conectiv shall, and shall cause its
Subsidiaries  to, discuss with Parent prior to initiating any proposed
changes  in its or its Subsidiaries\' rates or charges (other than cost 
pass-through rate adjustment clauses), standards of service or  regulatory
accounting from those in effect on the date hereof  and consult with Parent
prior to making any filing (or any  amendment thereto), or effecting any
agreement, commitment,  arrangement or consent with any Governmental Entity,
whether  written or oral, formal or informal, with respect thereto, and 
Conectiv and its Subsidiaries shall not make any filing to  change their
rates or charges on file with the public utility  commission of any state or
FERC that would reasonably be  expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect on Conectiv.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither Conectiv nor any
of its  Subsidiaries shall be required to consult or have discussions  with
Parent prior to entering into arrangements with customers  in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past  practice.   (ii) To the extent
permitted by law, Conectiv shall,  and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries
to, deliver to Parent a  copy of each filing or agreement related to
generally applicable  rates, charges, standards of service, accounting or
regulatory  policy which could lead to a material change in any of those 
areas at least four days prior to the filing or execution  thereof so that
Parent may comment thereon. Conectiv shall, and  shall cause its Subsidiaries
to, make all such filings only in  the ordinary course of business (i)
consistent with past  practice or (ii) as required by a Governmental Entity
or  regulatory agency with appropriate jurisdiction or under  existing
settlement agreements to which Conectiv is a party.   (iii) Conectiv shall
not, and shall not permit any of  its Subsidiaries to, except as required or
contemplated by this  Agreement, engage in any activities which would cause a
change  in its status, or that of its Subsidiaries, under the 1935 Act; 
provided that, in any event, such Subsidiaries shall be  permitted to obtain
"exempt wholesale generator" status under  the 1935 Act.    
-41-      (l) Insurance. Conectiv shall, and shall cause its 
Subsidiaries, to maintain with financially responsible insurance  companies
(or through self-insurance not inconsistent with such  party\'s past
practice), insurance in such amounts and against  such risks and losses as
are customary for companies engaged in  the utility industry and such other
business as conducted by  Conectiv and its Subsidiaries employing methods of
generating  electric power and fuel sources similar to those methods 
employed and fuels used by Conectiv and its Subsidiaries.   (m) Tax-Free
Qualification. Conectiv shall not,  and shall not permit any of its
Subsidiaries to, take any action  that would prevent or impede the Mergers,
taken together, from  qualifying as a transaction described in Section 351 of
the  Code.   (n) Rights Plan. Conectiv shall not amend, modify  or waive
any provision of the Rights Plan in any way that is  materially adverse to
Parent, and shall not take any action to  redeem the Rights or render the
Rights inapplicable to any  transaction in any way that is materially adverse
to Parent,  other than, in each case, to permit another transaction that 
Conectiv Board has determined is a Superior Proposal (as defined  in Section
8.11), to be consummated after termination of this  Agreement.   (o)
Affiliate Letter and Agreements. On or prior  to the Closing Date, Conectiv
will deliver to Parent a letter  (the "Conectiv Affiliate Letter")
identifying all persons who  are "affiliates" of Conectiv for purposes of
Rule 145 under the  Securities Act ("Rule 145"). On or prior to the Closing
Date,  Conectiv will use all reasonable efforts to cause each person 
identified as an "affiliate" in the Conectiv Affiliate Letter to  deliver a
written agreement (an "Affiliate Agreement") in  connection with restrictions
on affiliates under Rule 145.   (p) Third Party Standstill Agreements.
Subject to  Section 5.5, during the period from the date of this Agreement 
through the Effective Time, neither Conectiv nor any of its  Subsidiaries
shall terminate, amend, modify or waive any  provision of any standstill
agreement or any standstill  provisions of other agreements to which it is a
party. Subject  to Section 5.5, during such period, Conectiv shall take all 
appropriate steps to enforce the provisions of any such  agreement.   (q)
Contracts. Conectiv shall not, and Conectiv  shall not permit any of its
Subsidiaries to, except in the  ordinary course of business, modify, amend or
terminate any  contract or agreement which Conectiv or any Subsidiary
of       -42-     Conectiv is a party (other than a modification,
amendment or  termination of any agreement identified in Section
8.11(e)(iv)  of the Conectiv Disclosure Schedule that would not reasonably
be  expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on Conectiv),  that is
material to Conectiv and its Subsidiaries taken as a  whole, to waive,
release or assign any material rights to claims  therein, or agree to any
provisions thereof which would impede  the ability of Conectiv to consummate
the Mergers, or in respect  to which the Mergers would constitute a default,
or would result  in the Mergers triggering a right of termination by any 
unaffiliated parties. Conectiv will confer and consult with  Parent before
entering into any new contract or agreement  material to Conectiv and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole.   (r) No Breach, Etc. Conectiv shall not, nor
shall  Conectiv permit any of its Subsidiaries to, take any action that 
would or is reasonably likely to result in the conditions in  Sections 6.2(a)
and (b) not being satisfied.   (s) Environmental Matters. (i) Conectiv
shall, and  to the extent applicable shall cause its Subsidiaries to, use 
reasonable best efforts to obtain, prior to the Closing Date,  from the New
Jersey Department of Environmental Protection  ("NJDEP") a written
determination that the New Jersey Industrial  Site Recovery Act (N.J. Stat.
Ann. Sec. 13:K1-6 et seq.)  ("ISRA") does not apply to the transactions
contemplated by this  Agreement. In the event that NJDEP determines that ISRA
does  apply, then Conectiv shall use its reasonable best efforts, or  shall
cause its Subsidiaries to use their reasonable best  efforts, to obtain from
the NJDEP, prior to the Closing Date,  either a letter of "no further action"
or a "Negative  Declaration" or, alternatively, execute a Remediation
Agreement  with the NJDEP on commercially reasonable terms, which 
Remediation Agreement shall be implemented by Conectiv and/or  its
Subsidiaries at their sole cost and expense.   (ii) Except as would not
reasonably be expected to  result in a Material Adverse Effect on Conectiv:
(A) Conectiv  shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, promptly notify 
Parent of any information requests by or any communications with  or any
enforcement action by Governmental Entities with respect  to the operation or
maintenance or improvement of any currently  or formerly owned or operated
assets, properties, facilities or  business that may give rise to any
allegation of noncompliance  with Environmental Law or violation of
Environmental Permit, and  (B) with respect to such noncompliance with
Environmental Law or  any violation of Environmental Permit, neither Conectiv
nor any  of its Subsidiaries shall enter into any settlement or agreement 
with any third parties or Governmental Entities or pay any  judgment or fines
or agree to any penalties.      -43-         (t) Tax Matters.
Neither Conectiv nor any of its  Subsidiaries shall, other than in the
ordinary course of  business and consistent with its past practices, (i) make
or  rescind any material express or deemed election relating to  Taxes, (ii)
settle or compromise any material claim, action,  suit, litigation,
proceeding, arbitration, investigation, audit  or controversy relating to
Taxes, or (iii) change in any  material respect any of its methods of
reporting income or  deductions for federal income tax purposes from those
employed  in the preparation of its federal income tax return for the 
taxable year ending December 31, 1999; provided, that Conectiv  and its
Subsidiaries shall keep Parent reasonably informed and  timely provide Parent
with copies of all relevant documents and  consult with Parent on matters
described in the foregoing  clauses (i) through (iii).   (u) Tax Rulings.
Neither Conectiv nor any of its  Subsidiaries shall make a request for a Tax
Ruling (or submit  any material in connection with such Tax Ruling) without
first  consulting with Parent (including providing Parent with advance 
copies of and reasonable opportunity (not less than ten (10)  Business Days)
to review and comment on any submissions to any  Tax authority before such
submissions are made) and shall inform  Parent as to the status of the Tax
Ruling and communications  with such Tax authority.   (v) Certain Consents.
If requested by Parent,  Conectiv shall use reasonable best efforts to obtain
the  consents identified in Section 3.1(d)(ii) of the Conectiv  Disclosure
Schedule (provided that such consents and any  obligations thereunder shall
not be effective until the  Closing).   4.2. Covenants of Parent. During
the period from the date of this Agreement and continuing until the Effective
Time, Parent agrees as to itself and its Subsidiaries that (except as
expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement or as otherwise
indicated on the Parent Disclosure Schedule or as required by a Governmental
Entity of competent jurisdiction or by applicable law, rule or regulation, or
to the extent that Conectiv shall otherwise consent in writing
(which consent not to be unreasonably delayed or withheld)):   (a) Ordinary
Course of Business. Parent shall and  shall cause its Subsidiaries to, carry
on their respective  existing businesses in the usual, regular and ordinary
course  and use all commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact 
their respective present business organizations and goodwill,  preserve the
goodwill and relationships with customers,  suppliers and others having
business dealings with them and,        -44-    subject to prudent
management of their workforces and on-going  programs currently in force,
keep available the services of  their present officers and employees, to the
end that their  goodwill and ongoing businesses shall not be impaired in
any  material respect at the Effective Time.   (b) Dividends. Parent shall
not, and shall not  permit any of its Subsidiaries to: (i) declare or pay
any  dividends on or make other distributions in respect of any of  their
capital stock other than (A) by a wholly owned Subsidiary  or by a partially
owned Subsidiary (provided that Parent or a  Subsidiary of Parent receives
its proportional share of such  dividend or distribution), (B) dividends
required to be paid on  any preferred stock of Subsidiaries in accordance
with their  terms, (C) regular quarterly dividends on Parent Common Stock 
with usual record and payment dates at an annual rate not  greater than $1.00
per share, and (D) with respect to any  quarter in which the Effective Time
occurs, a special dividend  with respect to Parent Common Stock in an amount
consisting of  the pro rata portion of the dividend permitted under clause
(C),  for the period from and including the first day of such quarter 
through, but not including, the day of the Effective Time; (ii)  split,
combine or reclassify any of their capital stock or issue  or authorize or
propose the issuance of any other securities in  respect of, in lieu of, or
in substitution for, shares of its  capital stock; or (iii) redeem,
repurchase or otherwise acquire  any shares of their capital stock other than
(x) redemptions,  repurchases and other acquisitions of shares of capital
stock in  the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice 
including, without limitation, (1) repurchases, redemptions and  other
acquisitions in connection with the administration of  Benefit Plans and
dividend reinvestment plans as in effect on  the date hereof in the ordinary
course of the operation of such  plans, (2) redemptions, purchases or
acquisitions permitted by  the respective terms of any series of preferred
stock or (3) in  connection with the refunding of the preferred stock through
the  issuance of additional preferred stock or indebtedness either at  its
stated maturity or at a lower cost of funds (calculating  such cost on an
aggregate after-tax basis) or through the  incurrence of indebtedness
permitted under Section 4.2(g) and  (y) intercompany acquisitions of capital
stock.   (c) Issuance of Securities. Parent shall not, and  shall not
permit any of its Subsidiaries to, issue, deliver or  sell, or authorize or
propose the issuance, delivery or sale of,  any shares of their capital stock
of any class or any securities  convertible into or exchangeable for, or any
rights, warrants or  options to acquire, any such shares or convertible or 
exchangeable securities, except for (x) those so issued,  delivered or sold
for consideration as determined in good faith       -45-      by
the Board of Directors of Parent, (y) the issuance of common  stock or stock
options, stock appreciation or similar rights, as  the case may be, pursuant
to Benefit Plans or dividend  reinvestment plans of Parent as in effect on
the date hereof in  the ordinary course of the operation of such plans and
(z) the  issuance by a Subsidiary of shares of its capital stock to its 
parent.   (d) Charter Documents. Parent shall not amend or  propose to
amend its articles of incorporation or its bylaws in  a manner that would
reasonably be expected to materially impede  or materially delay the
Mergers.   (e) Acquisitions. Parent shall not, and shall not  permit any of
its Subsidiaries to, acquire or agree or publicly  propose to acquire, by
merging or consolidating with, or by  purchasing a substantial equity
interest in or a substantial  portion of the assets of, or by any other
manner, any business  which is inconsistent with the permitted business
activities of  a registered holding company under the 1935 Act.   (f) No
Dispositions. Other than (i) dispositions  not exceeding $200 million during
any fiscal year, (ii)  dispositions publicly announced prior to the date
hereof or  pursuant to agreements in effect on the date hereof or (iii) in 
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice,  Parent shall
not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries  to, sell, lease, license,
encumber or otherwise dispose of, any  material amount of assets.   (g)
Indebtedness. Parent shall not, and shall not  permit any of its Subsidiaries
to, incur or guarantee any  indebtedness (including any debt borrowed or
guaranteed or  otherwise assumed, including without limitation the issuance
of  debt securities or warrants or rights to acquire debt) or enter  into
any "keep well" or other agreement to maintain the  financial condition of
another person or enter into arrangements  having the effect of any of the
foregoing, to the extent any  such indebtedness, agreements or arrangements
would cause Parent  to fail to maintain at least a "Baa2" rating by
Moody\'s  Investors Service and a "BBB" rating by Standard and Poor\'s 
Corporation.   (h) Accounting. Parent shall not, and shall not  permit any
of its Subsidiaries to, make any changes in their  accounting methods, except
as permitted by GAAP.   (i) 1935 Act. Parent shall not, and shall not 
permit any of its Subsidiaries to, except as required or  contemplated by
this Agreement, engage in any activities which       -46-    would
cause a change in its status, or that of its Subsidiaries,  under the 1935
Act.   (j) Insurance. Parent shall, and shall cause its  Subsidiaries, to
maintain with financially responsible insurance  companies (or through self-
insurance not inconsistent with such  party\'s past practice), insurance in
such amounts and against  such risks and losses as are customary for
companies engaged in  the utility industry and such other businesses as
conducted by  Parent and its Subsidiaries employing methods of generating 
electric power and fuel sources similar to those methods  employed and fuels
used by Parent and its Subsidiaries.   (k) Tax-Free Qualification. Parent
shall not, and  shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, take any
action  that would prevent or impede the Mergers, taken together, from 
qualifying as a transaction described in Section 351 of the  Code.   (l)
Certain Other Actions. Parent shall not, and  shall not permit its
Subsidiaries to, (i) acquire or agree to  acquire by merger or consolidation
or similar transaction with,  or by purchasing a substantial portion of the
assets of or  equity in, any business or any corporation, partnership, 
association or other business organization or division thereof  or (ii) enter
into or agree to enter into new lines of business,  encumber shares of their
capital stock or take any other action,  if the taking of any such action
referred to in clause (i) or  (ii) could reasonably be expected to (A) impose
any material  delay in the obtaining of, or materially increase the risk of 
not obtaining, any authorizations, consents, orders,  declarations or
approvals of any Governmental Entity necessary  to consummate the Mergers or
the expiration or termination of  any applicable waiting period, (B)
materially increase the risk  of any Governmental Entity entering an order
prohibiting the  consummation of the Mergers or materially increase the risk
of  not being able to remove any such order on appeal or otherwise  or (C)
otherwise materially delay or impede the consummation of  the Mergers.  
(m) Activities. Prior to the Effective Time,  Parent shall, and shall cause
HoldCo, Merger Sub A and Merger  Sub B to, (A) perform its respective
obligations under this  Agreement in accordance with its terms and (B) not
engage,  directly or indirectly, in any business or activity of the type  or
kind, and not enter into any agreement or arrangement with  any person, or be
subject to or bound to any obligation or  undertaking, which is not
consistent with this Agreement.      -47-      (n) No Breach, Etc.
Parent shall not, nor shall  Parent permit any of its Subsidiaries to, take
any action that  would or is reasonably likely to result in the conditions
set  forth in Sections 6.3(a) and (b) not being satisfied.   4.3. Advice of
Changes; Governmental Filings. Conectiv shall (a) confer with Parent on a
regular and frequent basis and (b) report to Parent (to the extent permitted
by law or regulation or any applicable confidentiality agreement) on
operational matters. Conectiv and Parent shall file all reports required to
be filed by each of them with the SEC (and all other Governmental Entities)
between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time and shall (to the
extent permitted by law or regulation or any applicable confidentiality
agreement) deliver to the other party copies of all such reports,
announcements and publications promptly after the same are filed. Subject to
applicable laws relating to the exchange of information, each of Conectiv and
Parent shall have the right to review in advance, and will consult with
the other with respect to, all the information relating to the other
party and each of their respective Subsidiaries, which appears in any
filings, announcements or publications made with, or written materials
submitted to, any third party or any Governmental Entity in connection with
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In exercising the
foregoing right, each of the parties hereto agrees to act reasonably and
as promptly as practicable. Each party agrees that, to the
extent practicable and as timely as practicable, it will consult with,
and provide all appropriate and necessary assistance to, the other party
with respect to the obtaining of all permits, consents, approvals
and authorizations of all third parties and Governmental Entities
necessary or advisable to consummate the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement and each party will keep the other party apprised of the
status of matters relating to completion of the transactions
contemplated hereby.   4.4. Transition Planning. Conectiv and Parent
shall each appoint one or more representatives to a committee that will
be responsible for coordinating transition planning and
implementation relating to the Mergers.   4.5. Control of Other Party\'s
Business. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to give
Conectiv, directly or indirectly, the right to control or direct Parent\'s
operations prior to the Effective Time. Nothing contained in this Agreement
shall be deemed to give Parent, directly or indirectly, the right to control
or direct Conectiv\'s operations prior to the Effective Time. Prior to
the Effective Time, each of Conectiv and Parent shall exercise,
consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, complete control
and supervision over its respective operations.   4.6. Payment of
Dividends. Conectiv, HoldCo and Parent shall coordinate with each other the
declaration, setting of record dates      -48-   and payment of
dividends on capital stock of Conectiv or any of Conectiv\'s Subsidiaries so
that holders of capital stock of Conectiv or any of Conectiv\'s Subsidiaries
do not receive dividends on both capital stock of Conectiv or any of
Conectiv\'s Subsidiaries and HoldCo Common Stock received in the Mergers in
respect of any calendar quarter or fail to receive a dividend on either
capital stock of Conectiv or any of Conectiv\'s Subsidiaries and HoldCo
Common Stock received in the Mergers in respect of any calendar quarter.
Nothing in this Section 4.6 shall prevent or limit the ability of the parties
to pay the dividend referred to in Section 4.1(b)(i)(E) or 4.2(b)(i)(D).  
ARTICLE V   ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS   5.1. Preparation of Proxy Statement;
Stockholders Meeting. (a) As promptly as practicable following the date
hereof, the parties shall prepare and file with the SEC preliminary
proxy materials which shall constitute the Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus (such proxy statement/prospectus, and any amendments or
supplements thereto, the "Proxy Statement/Prospectus") and a registration
statement on Form S-4 with respect to the issuance of HoldCo Common Stock
in connection with the Mergers (the "Form S-4"). The
Proxy Statement/Prospectus will be included in the Form S-4 as
HoldCo\'s prospectus. The Form S-4 and the Proxy Statement/Prospectus shall
comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable provisions of
the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations thereunder. Each of Parent and Conectiv shall use reasonable best
efforts to have the Form S-4 cleared by the SEC as promptly as practicable
after filing with the SEC and to keep the Form S-4 effective as long as
is necessary to consummate the Mergers. Each party shall, as promptly
as practicable after receipt thereof, provide copies of any written
comments received from the SEC to the other party with respect to the
Proxy Statement/Prospectus and advise the other party of any oral comments
with respect to the Proxy Statement/Prospectus received from the SEC.  
Parent agrees that none of the information supplied or to be supplied by
Parent for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto, at the time of
mailing thereof and at the time of the Parent and the Conectiv Stockholders
Meetings (as defined below), will contain an untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading. Conectiv agrees that none of the
information supplied or to be supplied by Conectiv for inclusion or
incorporation by reference in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and each
amendment or supplement thereto, at the time of mailing thereof and at the
time of the Parent and the Conectiv Stockholders Meetings, will contain an
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a     
-49-    material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading. For purposes of the foregoing, it is
understood and agreed that information concerning or related to Parent or
HoldCo will be deemed to have been supplied by Parent and information
concerning or related to Conectiv shall be deemed to have been supplied by
Conectiv. Parent will provide Conectiv with a reasonable opportunity to
review and comment on any amendment or supplement to the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus prior to filing such with the SEC, and will provide
Conectiv with a copy of all such filings made with the SEC. No amendment or
supplement to the information supplied by Conectiv for inclusion in the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus shall be made without the approval of Conectiv, which
approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.   (b) Parent and
Conectiv, as promptly as practicable following the execution of this
Agreement, shall each duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting
of its respective stockholders (the "Conectiv Stockholders Meeting" and the
"Parent Stockholders Meeting") for the purpose of obtaining the Required
Conectiv Vote and the Required Parent Vote with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, shall each take all lawful
action to solicit proxies in favor of the adoption of this Agreement by
the Required Conectiv Vote and the Required Parent Vote and the Board
of Directors of each party shall recommend adoption of this Agreement by
the stockholders of such party; provided that, the Board of Directors
of Conectiv shall not be required to solicit such proxies and shall not
be required to make, or may withdraw, modify or change, such
recommendation if it shall have determined in good faith, after consultation
with outside legal counsel, that such action is reasonably necessary for
such Board of Directors to act in a manner consistent with its
fiduciary duties under applicable law.   5.2. HoldCo Board of Directors. At
or prior to the Effective Time, the Board of Directors of HoldCo will take
all action necessary to elect, effective immediately following the
Effective Time, to such Board of Directors at least two persons who were
members of the Conectiv Board of Directors prior to the Effective Time,
chosen by the mutual agreement of Parent and Conectiv.   5.3. Access to
Information. Upon reasonable notice, (i) Conectiv shall (and shall cause its
Subsidiaries to) afford to the officers, employees, accountants, counsel,
financial advisors and other representatives of Parent reasonable access
during normal business hours, during the period prior to the Effective Time,
to all its properties, books, contracts, commitments and records and
personnel (including Conectiv\'s environmental, health and safety personnel)
and (ii) Parent shall and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, afford to
the officers, employees and accountants, counsel, financial advisors
and other representatives of Conectiv, reasonable access to senior
executives of Parent for the purpose of discussing Parent\'s business
(with        -50-   reasonable access to the documents related
thereto) during the period prior to the Effective Time. Each party shall (and
shall cause its Subsidiaries to) furnish promptly to the other party (a) a
copy of each report, schedule, registration statement and other document
filed, published, announced or received by it during such period pursuant to
the requirements of Federal or state securities laws, as applicable
(other than documents which such party is not permitted to disclose
under applicable law), and (b) consistent with its legal obligations, all
other information concerning its business, properties and personnel as
such other party may reasonably request (including Tax Returns and related
Tax information); provided, however, that either party may restrict
the foregoing access to the extent that (i) a Governmental Entity
requires such party or any of its Subsidiaries to restrict access to
any properties or information or (ii) any law, treaty, rule or regulation
of any Governmental Entity applicable to such party requires such party
or its Subsidiaries to restrict access to any properties or information.
The parties will hold any such information which is non-public in
confidence to the extent required by, and in accordance with, the provisions
of the letters dated October 6, 2000 and January 19, 2001 between Conectiv
and Parent (the "Confidentiality Agreements"). No investigation
conducted pursuant to this Section 5.3 shall affect or be deemed to modify
any representation or warranty made in this Agreement.   5.4. Reasonable
Best Efforts. (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each
party will, and cause its respective Subsidiaries to, use its reasonable best
efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be
done, all things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable laws and
regulations to consummate the Mergers and the other transactions contemplated
by this Agreement as soon as practicable after the date hereof. In
furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, each party hereto agrees
to make an appropriate filing (and to share equally in the filing fees) of a
Notification and Report Form pursuant to the HSR Act with respect to the
transactions contemplated hereby at a mutually agreed time and to supply as
promptly as practicable any additional information and documentary material
that may be requested pursuant to the HSR Act and to take all other actions
necessary to cause the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting
periods under the HSR Act as soon as practicable.   (b) Each of Parent and
Conectiv shall, and shall cause its respective Subsidiaries to, in connection
with the efforts referenced in Section 5.4(a) to obtain all requisite
approvals and authorizations for the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement under the HSR Act or any other applicable law or regulation, use
its best efforts to (i) make all appropriate filings and submissions with
any Governmental Entity that may be necessary, proper or advisable
under applicable laws or regulations in respect of any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) cooperate in all respects
with each other in connection with any such filing or submission and in
connection     -51-    with any investigation or other inquiry,
including any proceeding initiated by a private party, (iii) promptly inform
the other party of any communication received by such party from, or given by
such party to, the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice (the
"DOJ") or any other Governmental Entity and of any material communication
received or given in connection with any proceeding by a private party, in
each case regarding any of the transactions contemplated hereby and (iv)
permit the other party to review any communication given by it to, and
consult with each other in advance of any meeting or conference with, the DOJ
or any such other Governmental Entity or, in connection with any proceeding
by a private party, with any other Person, and to the extent permitted by
the DOJ or such other applicable Governmental Entity or other Person,
give the other party the opportunity to attend and participate in
such meetings and conferences.   (c) In furtherance and not in limitation
of the covenants of the parties contained in Sections 5.4(a) and 5.4(b),
if any administrative or judicial action or proceeding, including
any proceeding by a private party, is instituted (or threatened to
be instituted) challenging the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement as violative of any applicable law, regulation or agreement, each
of Parent and Conectiv shall, and shall cause its respective
Subsidiaries to, cooperate in all respects with each other and use its
reasonable best efforts to contest and resist any such action or proceeding
and to have vacated, lifted, reversed or overturned any decree, judgment,
injunction or other order, whether temporary, preliminary or permanent, that
is in effect and that prohibits, prevents or restricts consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Notwithstanding
the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement, nothing in
this Section 5.4 shall limit a party\'s right to terminate this
Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1(b) or 7.1(c) so long as such party has up
to then complied in all respects with its obligations under this Section
5.4.   (d) If any objections are asserted with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereby under any applicable law, regulation or agreement or if
any suit is instituted (or threatened to be instituted) by any Governmental
Entity challenging any of the transactions contemplated hereby as violative
of any applicable law, regulation or agreement, each of Parent and Conectiv
shall, and shall cause its respective Subsidiaries to, use its reasonable
best efforts to resolve any such objections or challenge as such Governmental
Entity may have to such transactions under such law, regulation or agreement
so as to permit consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   5.5. Acquisition Proposals. (a) Conectiv shall
immediately cease any existing discussions or negotiations, if any, with any
parties conducted heretofore with respect to any Acquisition Proposal (as
defined below). Conectiv shall not directly or indirectly, and it shall use
its      -52-      reasonable best efforts to cause its officers,
directors, employees, representatives, agents or affiliates, including any
investment bankers, attorneys or accountants retained by Conectiv or any of
its Subsidiaries or affiliates, not to, (i) solicit, initiate, knowingly
encourage or otherwise facilitate any inquiries or the making of any proposal
or offer with respect to a merger, recapitalization, consolidation, business
combination, sale of 15% or more of the consolidated assets of Conectiv and
its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, sale of 15% or more of the shares of
capital stock (including by way of a tender offer, share exchange or exchange
offer) of Conectiv or any of its Subsidiaries (whose assets constitute 15% or
more of the consolidated assets of Conectiv and its Subsidiaries, taken as
a whole) or similar or comparable transactions involving Conectiv or any
of its Subsidiaries, other than the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement and the dispositions permitted under Section 4.1(f) of
this Agreement (any such proposal or offer (other than a proposal or
offer made by Parent or an affiliate thereof or such permitted
dispositions) being herein referred to as an "Acquisition Proposal"), or (ii)
engage in negotiations or discussions concerning, or provide any non-
public information to any Person or entity relating to, any
Acquisition Proposal. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement,
the Board of Directors of Conectiv may furnish information (pursuant to
a customary confidentiality agreement no more favorable, in the
aggregate, to the party receiving information than the Confidentiality
Agreement (it being understood that Conectiv may enter into a confidentiality
agreement without a standstill or with a standstill provision less favorable
to Conectiv if it waives or similarly modifies the standstill provision
in the Confidentiality Agreement)) to, or engage in discussions
or negotiations with, any Person in response to an unsolicited bona
fide written Acquisition Proposal of such Person, if, and only to the
extent that, the Board of Directors of Conectiv determines in good faith,
after consultation with outside legal counsel, that such action is
reasonably necessary for the Board of Directors to act in a manner consistent
with its fiduciary duties under applicable law. Nothing contained in
this Section 5.5 shall prohibit Conectiv or its Board of Directors (i)
from taking and disclosing to its stockholders a position contemplated by
Rule 14d-9 and Rule 14e-2(a) promulgated under the Exchange Act or from
making any legally required disclosure to the stockholders of Conectiv
with regard to an Acquisition Proposal or (ii) from taking any
actions contemplated by Section 5.1(b) or 7.1(f).   5.6. Conectiv Stock
Options; Employee Benefits Matters. (a) Options. Conectiv shall take all
action reasonably necessary so that, immediately prior to the Effective
Time, each outstanding stock option issued under the Conectiv Stock Option
Plan shall become vested and exercisable as of the Effective Time and
shall, at the election of the holder thereof, be either (i) canceled and
the holder thereof shall be entitled to receive at the Effective Time
from Conectiv or as soon as practicable thereafter (but in no event later
than 10 days after the Effective Time) from HoldCo or Surviving Corporation
B in consideration for such stock option an amount in cash equal to (A)
the        -53-   excess, if any, of the Conectiv Common Stock Cash
Consideration under Section 1.8(b)(ii) over the exercise price per share
previously subject to such stock option, less any required withholding taxes,
multiplied by (B) the number of shares of Conectiv Common Stock subject to
such stock option, or (ii) converted into an option to purchase a number of
shares of HoldCo Common Stock (a "Converted Option") equal to the product of
the number of shares of Conectiv Common Stock subject to such stock
option and the number of shares of HoldCo Common Stock equal to the
Conectiv Common Stock Exchange Ratio under Section 1.8(b)(ii) (provided that
any fractional share resulting from such multiplication shall be rounded
up or down to the nearest whole share). The terms and conditions of
the Converted Option shall remain the same as the terms and conditions of
the related stock option of Conectiv, except that the exercise price
per share of each Converted Option shall equal the exercise price per
share of such stock option divided by the number of shares of HoldCo
Common Stock equal to the Conectiv Common Stock Exchange Ratio under
Section 1.8(b)(ii) (provided that such exercise price shall be rounded down
to the nearest whole cent). HoldCo shall take all corporate action necessary
to reserve for issuance a sufficient number of shares of HoldCo Common Stock
for delivery upon exercise of the Converted Options. HoldCo shall use its
best efforts to cause the registration of the shares of HoldCo Common Stock
subject to the Converted Options to become effective as part of the Form S-4,
or on the same date as the Form S-4 is declared effective; and, thereafter,
HoldCo shall file one or more registration statements on appropriate forms
with respect to shares of HoldCo Common Stock subject to the Converted
Options and shall use its best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of such
registration statement or registration statements for so long as the
Converted Options remain outstanding. Conectiv and HoldCo shall take all such
steps as may be required to cause the transactions contemplated by this
Section 5.6 and any other dispositions of Conectiv equity securities
(including derivative securities) or acquisitions of HoldCo equity securities
(including derivative securities) in connection with this Agreement by
each individual who (i) is a director or officer of Conectiv or (ii) at
the Effective Time will become a director or officer of HoldCo to
become exempt under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. As soon
as practicable after the Effective Time, HoldCo shall deliver or cause to
be delivered to each holder of Converted Options an appropriate
notice setting forth such holder\'s rights pursuant to the Conectiv Stock
Option Plan and agreements evidencing the grants of such Converted
Options, after giving effect to the transactions hereunder.   (b)
Employment Related Obligations; Employee Benefits.   (i) Obligations of
Parent;  Comparability of Benefits. HoldCo shall, or shall  cause Surviving
Corporation B to, assume all  employment-related obligations and agreements
with  respect to any current and former employees,      -54-   
directors and consultants of Conectiv or any of its  Subsidiaries ("Conectiv
Employees") (including  without limitation (A) recognizing and, as required 
by law, bargaining with, or continuing to recognize  and, as required by law,
bargain with, the current  exclusive collective bargaining representatives
and  (B) honoring, or continuing to honor, all current  collective
bargaining agreements), which  obligations and agreements shall be performed
in  accordance with their terms. In addition, each  Benefit Plan listed in
Section 3.1(p)(i) of the  Conectiv Disclosure Schedule shall be the 
obligation of HoldCo and Surviving Corporation B at  the Effective Time and,
for at least two years  thereafter, HoldCo shall, or shall cause Surviving 
Corporation B to, provide each Conectiv Employee  with a base salary or
wages, as applicable, at  least equal to that provided to such Conectiv 
Employee immediately prior to the Effective Time,  and to provide benefits to
Conectiv Employees that  are no less favorable than the benefits provided, 
in the aggregate, to Conectiv Employees immediately  prior to the Effective
Time as set forth in Section  3.1(p)(i) of the Conectiv Disclosure
Schedule;  provided, however, that for such two-year (or, if  applicable,
such longer) period, each Conectiv  Employee shall receive severance payments
and  benefits no less favorable than those provided  under the Conectiv
severance plans and policies as  set forth in Section 3.1(p)(i) of the
Conectiv  Disclosure Schedule in effect immediately prior to  the Effective
Time; provided, further, that nothing  contained in this Agreement shall
entitle any  Conectiv Employee to any severance rights that are  more
favorable than those provided under the  Conectiv severance plans and
policies set forth in  Section 3.1(p)(i) of the Conectiv Disclosure 
Schedule, including, without limitation, increased  eligibility to receive
severance payments or  benefits or increased level or type of severance 
payments or benefits. Notwithstanding the  foregoing, nothing herein shall
require the  continuation of any particular Benefit Plan of  Conectiv or
prevent the amendment or termination  thereof (subject to the maintenance of
the benefits  as provided in the preceding sentence and subject  to
satisfaction of any legal duty to bargain with  the collective bargaining
representatives of  Conectiv Employees with respect to such matters); 
provided, however, that for the two-year period     -55-        
following the Effective Time, HoldCo shall, or  shall cause Surviving
Corporation B to, subject to  the requirements of this Section 5.6(b)(i),
honor  the terms of the Conectiv Supplemental Retirement  Plan ("SERP") and
the Conectiv Deferred  Compensation Plan ("DCP"), as well as any action 
taken by the Board of Directors or the Personnel  and Compensation Committee
of Conectiv with respect  to such plans in accordance with section 4.1(i) 
herein, without amendment or termination (except  for the substitution of
stock of Parent for stock  of Conectiv). In addition, in the event the 
Personnel and Compensation Committee of Conectiv  shall have determined, in
its discretion, to  distribute benefits in accordance with the options 
previously selected by each participant in each of  the SERP and the DCP upon
a participant\'s  termination of employment or service for any reason 
following the Effective Time, Parent, HoldCo or  Surviving Corporation B
shall, to the extent  Conectiv has not already done so, contribute cash  to
a grantor trust or trusts (maintained by an  institutional trustee
independent of the parties  hereto), as soon as practicable after the
Effective  Time (but no more than 20 days after the Effective  Time), in an
amount not less than the value, as of  the Effective Time, of all
participants\' benefits  under the SERP and the DCP, respectively, as 
determined by Towers Perrin.   (ii) Pre-Existing Limitations;  Deductible;
Service Credit. With respect to any  Benefit Plans in which Conectiv
Employees  participate after the Effective Time, HoldCo shall,  or shall
cause Surviving Corporation B to: (A) to  the extent satisfied or
inapplicable under  applicable Benefit Plans of Conectiv immediately  prior
to the Effective Time, waive all limitations  as to pre-existing conditions,
exclusions and  waiting periods with respect to participation and  coverage
requirements applicable to Conectiv  Employees under any Benefit Plan in
which such  employees may be eligible to participate after the  Effective
Time, (B) provide each Conectiv Employee  with credit for any co-payments and
deductibles  paid prior to participation in such Benefit Plan in  satisfying
any applicable deductible or out-of-  pocket requirements under any welfare
Benefit Plan  in which such employees may be eligible to  participate after
the Effective Time, and     -56-         (C) recognize all service
except to the extent such  recognition would result in duplication of
benefits  (unless such duplication is expressly contemplated  in a plan,
agreement or other arrangement of, or  approved by, HoldCo) of Conectiv
Employees with  Conectiv and its current and former affiliates for  all
purposes (including, without limitation,  purposes of eligibility to
participate, vesting  credit, entitlement for benefits and benefit  accrual)
in any Benefit Plan in which such  employees may be eligible to participate
after the  Effective Time, to the same extent taken into  account under a
comparable Benefit Plan of Conectiv  immediately prior to the Effective
Time.   (iii) Change of Control. Conectiv  and Parent agree that, for
purposes of the Benefit  Plans of Conectiv set forth in Section 3.1(p)(vii) 
of the Conectiv Disclosure Schedule (other than the  Delmarva Sub-Plan of the
Conectiv Retirement Plan,  as to which, before the Effective Time, subject
to  its fiduciary duties under applicable law, the  Board of Directors of
DPandL; will take all actions  reasonably necessary to ensure that a "change
of  control" shall not be deemed to have occurred), the  approval or
consummation of the transactions  contemplated by this Agreement, as
applicable,  shall constitute a "Change in Control", as  applicable under
such Conectiv Benefit Plans.   5.7. Fees and Expenses. Whether or not
the Mergers are consummated, all Expenses (as defined below) incurred
in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such Expenses, except (a)
Expenses incurred in connection with the filing, printing and mailing of the
Proxy Statement/Prospectus, which shall be shared equally by Parent
and Conectiv, and (b) as provided in Section 7.2 and Section 5.4. As used
in this Agreement, "Expenses" includes all out-of-pocket expenses
(including all fees and expenses of counsel, accountants, investment
bankers, experts and consultants to a party hereto and its affiliates)
incurred by a party or on its behalf in connection with or related to
the authorization, preparation, negotiation, execution and performance
of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including
the preparation, printing, filing and mailing of the
Proxy Statement/Prospectus and the solicitation of stockholder approvals
and all other matters related to the transactions contemplated hereby.  
5.8. Directors\' and Officers\' Indemnification and Insurance. (a) After the
Effective Time through the sixth anniversary of the Effective Time, HoldCo
and Surviving Corporation B shall, jointly and     
-57-     severally, indemnify and hold harmless each present (as of the
Effective Time) or former officer, director or employee of Conectiv and its
Subsidiaries (the "Indemnified Parties"), against all claims, losses,
liabilities, damages, judgments, fines and reasonable fees, costs and
expenses (including attorneys\' fees and expenses) incurred in connection
with any claim, action, proceeding or investigation, whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative, arising out of or pertaining to (i) the fact
that the Indemnified Party is or was an officer, director or employee of
Conectiv or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) matters existing or occurring at
or prior to the Effective Time (including this Agreement and the transactions
and actions contemplated hereby), whether asserted or claimed prior to, at or
after the Effective Time, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable
law; provided that no Indemnified Party may settle any such claim without
the prior approval of HoldCo (which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed). Each Indemnified Party will be entitled
to advancement of expenses incurred in the defense of any claim,
action, proceeding or investigation from HoldCo or Surviving Corporation B
within ten Business Days of receipt by HoldCo or Surviving Corporation B
from the Indemnified Party of a request therefor; provided that any person
to whom expenses are advanced provides an undertaking, to the
extent required by the DGCL, to repay such advances if it is
ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to
indemnification.   (b) HoldCo shall cause Surviving Corporation B
to maintain in effect (i) in its certificate of incorporation and by-laws for
a period of six years after the Effective Time, the current provisions
regarding elimination of liability of directors and indemnification of, and
advancement of expenses to, officers, directors and employees contained in
the certificate of incorporation and by-laws of Conectiv and (ii) at the
election of HoldCo, for a period of six years after the Effective Time, (A)
maintain in effect the current policies of directors\' and officers\'
liability insurance and fiduciary liability insurance maintained by
Conectiv (provided that Surviving Corporation B may substitute therefor
policies of at least the same coverage and amounts containing terms and
conditions which are, in the aggregate, no less advantageous to the insured)
with respect to claims arising from facts or events that occurred on or
before the Effective Time; provided, however, that in no event shall
Surviving Corporation B be required to expend in any one year an amount in
excess of 200% of the annual premiums currently paid by Conectiv for
such insurance; and, provided, further, that if the annual premiums of
such insurance coverage exceed such amount, Surviving Corporation B shall
be obligated to obtain a policy with the greatest coverage available for
a cost not exceeding such amount or (B) provide tail coverage for
such persons covered by current policies of directors\' and officers\'
liability insurance and fiduciary liability insurance maintained by Conectiv
which tail coverage shall provide coverage for a period of six years for
acts prior to the Effective Time on terms no less favorable than the terms
of such current insurance coverage.      -58-      (c)
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if any claim, action,
proceeding or investigation (whether arising before, at or after the
Effective Time) is made against any Indemnified Party on or prior to the
sixth anniversary of the Effective Time, the provisions of this Section 5.8
shall continue in effect until the final disposition of such claim, action,
proceeding or investigation.   (d) In the event that Surviving
Corporation B or any of its successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or
merges into any other Person and shall not be the continuing or
surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger or (ii)
transfers or conveys all or substantially all of its properties and assets to
any Person, then, and in each such case, proper provision shall be made
so that the successors or assigns of Surviving Corporation B shall
succeed to the obligations set forth in Section 5.6 and this Section 5.8.  
5.9. Public Announcements. Conectiv and Parent shall cooperate to develop a
joint communications plan and cooperate (i) to ensure that all press releases
and other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated
hereby shall be consistent with such joint communications plan, and (ii)
unless otherwise required by applicable law or by obligations pursuant to any
listing agreement with or rules of any securities exchange, to consult with
each other before issuing any press release or otherwise making any
public statement with respect to this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby.   5.10. Accountants\' Letters. Upon reasonable notice
from the other, Conectiv and Parent shall use best efforts to cause their
respective representatives of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to deliver to
Conectiv or Parent, as the case may be, a letter, dated within two Business
Days of the date the Form S-4 is declared effective covering such matters as
are requested by Parent or Conectiv, as the case may be, and as are
customarily addressed in accountant\'s "comfort" letters. In connection with
Conectiv\'s efforts to obtain such letter, if requested
by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Parent shall provide a representation
letter to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP complying with the Statement on
Auditing Standards No. 72 promulgated by the American Institute of
Certified Public Accountants ("SAS 72"), if then required. In connection
with Parent\'s efforts to obtain such letter, if requested
by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Conectiv shall provide a
representation letter to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP complying with SAS 72, if
then required.   5.11. Listing of Shares of HoldCo Common Stock. HoldCo
shall use its best efforts to cause the shares of HoldCo Common Stock to be
issued in connection with the Mergers and the shares of HoldCo Common Stock
to be reserved for issuance upon exercise of Conectiv Stock Options to be
approved for listing, upon official notice of issuance, on the
NYSE.      -59-    5.12. Significant Presence; Community Support.
After the Effective Time, Parent intends that Surviving Corporation B shall
maintain a significant presence in Wilmington, Delaware. After the Effective
Time, Surviving Corporation B shall provide charitable contributions and
community support within the service areas of Conectiv and its Subsidiaries
at comparable levels of charitable contributions and community support as
have been provided by Conectiv and its Subsidiaries within their service
areas.   5.13. Parent Share Repurchase Program. Parent represents and
warrants that its Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of up
to $450 million of Parent Common Stock. Parent agrees that it shall not
rescind, nor modify in an adverse manner to Conectiv, such program prior to
the Effective Time. Parent agrees to implement such program in good faith
consistent with past practices and subject to its reasonable business
judgment.   5.14. Conveyance Taxes. Conectiv and Parent shall cooperate in
the preparation, execution and filing of all returns, questionnaires,
applications or other documents regarding any real property transfer or
gains, sales, use, transfer, value added, stock transfer and stamp Taxes, any
transfer, recording, registration and other fees and any similar Taxes which
become payable in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement that are required or permitted to be paid on or before the
Effective Time. If the Parent Merger is consummated, the Surviving
Corporation A shall pay, or cause to be paid, any and all property or
transfer taxes imposed on Parent or its Subsidiaries and any real property
transfer Tax imposed on any holder of shares of capital stock of Parent
resulting from the Parent Merger; and if the Conectiv Merger is consummated,
the Surviving Corporation B shall pay, or cause to be paid, any and all
property or transfer Taxes imposed on Conectiv or its Subsidiaries and any
real property transfer Tax imposed on any holder of shares of capital stock
of Conectiv resulting from the Conectiv Merger.   ARTICLE VI   CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT   6.1. Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect
the Mergers. The obligations of Conectiv and Parent to effect the Mergers
are subject to the satisfaction or waiver on or prior to the Closing Date of
the following conditions:   (a) Conectiv Stockholder Approval. Conectiv
shall have obtained the Required Conectiv Vote for the adoption of this
Agreement by the stockholders of Conectiv.         -60-    (b)
Parent Stockholder Approval. Parent shall have obtained the Required Parent
Vote for the adoption of this Agreement by the stockholders of Parent.  
(c) No Injunctions or Restraints; Illegality. No federal, state, local or
foreign, if any, law, statute, regulation, code, ordinance or decree shall
have been adopted or promulgated, and no temporary restraining order,
preliminary or permanent injunction or other order issued by a court or other
Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction shall be in effect, having the
effect of making the Mergers illegal or otherwise prohibiting consummation of
the Mergers; provided, however, that the provisions of this Section 6.1(c)
shall not be available to any party whose failure to fulfill its
obligations pursuant to Section 5.4 shall have been the cause of, or shall
have resulted in such order or injunction.   (d) Statutory Approvals. The
Conectiv Required Statutory Approvals and the Parent Required Statutory
Approvals shall have been obtained at or prior to the Effective Time,
such approvals shall have become Final Orders and no Final Order shall
impose terms or conditions that would reasonably be expected to result in
a Material Adverse Effect on HoldCo (giving effect to the Mergers).
"Final Order" means action by the relevant Governmental Entity that has not
been reversed, stayed, enjoined, set aside, annulled or suspended,
with respect to which any waiting period prescribed by law before
the transactions contemplated hereby may be consummated has expired
(but without the requirement for expiration of any applicable rehearing
or appeal period), and as to which all conditions to the consummation
of such transactions prescribed by law, regulation or order have
been satisfied. Any reference in this Agreement to the "obtaining" of
any such approvals shall mean making such declarations,
filings, registrations, giving such notice, obtaining such authorizations,
orders, consents, permits or approvals and having such waiting periods expire
as are, in each case, necessary to avoid a violation of law.   (e) HSR Act.
The waiting period (and any extension thereof) applicable to the Mergers
under the HSR Act shall have been terminated or shall have expired.   (f)
NYSE Listing. The shares of HoldCo Common Stock to be issued in connection
with the Mergers and such other shares to be reserved for issuance in
connection with the Mergers shall have been approved upon official notice of
issuance for listing on NYSE.   (g) Effectiveness of the Form S-4. The Form
S-4 shall have been declared effective by the SEC under the Securities Act.
No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Form S- 4 shall have been
issued by the SEC and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been
initiated or threatened by the SEC.       -61-    6.2. Additional
Conditions to Obligations of Parent. The obligations of Parent to effect the
Mergers are subject to the satisfaction of, or waiver by Parent, on or prior
to the Closing Date of the following additional conditions:   (a)
Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of
Conectiv in this Agreement that are qualified as to Material Adverse Effect
shall be true and correct and those not so qualified shall be true and
correct in all material respects in each case as of the Closing Date as
though made on the Closing Date, except to the extent such representations
and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date (in which case such
representations and warranties qualified as to Material Adverse Effect shall
be true and correct, and those not so qualified shall be true and correct in
all material respects, on and as of such earlier date); provided that this
paragraph (a) shall be deemed satisfied so long as the failure of all
such representations and warranties which are not qualified as to
Material Adverse Effect to be so true and correct, in the aggregate, has not
had or would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect; and Parent shall have received a certificate of the chief
executive officer or the chief financial officer of Conectiv to such
effect.   (b) Performance of Obligations of Conectiv. Conectiv shall have
performed or complied in all material respects with all material agreements
and covenants required to be performed by it under this Agreement at or prior
to the Closing Date; and Parent shall have received a certificate of the
chief executive officer or the chief financial officer of Conectiv to such
effect.   (c) Tax Opinion. Parent shall have received from LeBoeuf, Lamb,
Greene and MacRae, L.L.P., counsel to Parent, on the Closing Date, a written
opinion dated as of such date to the effect that the Mergers, taken together,
will be treated for federal income tax purposes as transactions described in
Section 351 of the Code. In rendering such opinion, counsel to Parent shall
be entitled to rely upon representations of officers of Parent and Conectiv
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such counsel.   (d)
Conectiv Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth in the Conectiv
Disclosure Schedules or in the Conectiv SEC Reports filed prior to the date
of this Agreement, no Material Adverse Effect on Conectiv shall have occurred
and there shall exist no fact or circumstance which would reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Conectiv.   (e) Conectiv
Specified Approvals. The Conectiv Required Statutory Approvals identified in
Items 2 and 5 of Section 3.1(d)(iii) of the Conectiv Disclosure Schedule (the
"Specified Approvals") shall have been obtained, and with respect to the
Specified Approvals such approvals shall have become Final Orders and no such
Final        -62-   Order shall impose terms and conditions that
would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on
Conectiv.   6.3. Additional Conditions to Obligations of Conectiv. The
obligations of Conectiv to effect the Mergers are subject to the satisfaction
of, or waiver by Conectiv, on or prior to the Closing Date of the following
additional conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties.
The representations and warranties of Parent in this Agreement that
are qualified as to Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct
and those not so qualified shall be true and correct in all material
respects in each case as of the Closing Date as though made on the Closing
Date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly
relate to an earlier date (in which case such representations and
warranties qualified as to Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct,
and those not so qualified shall be true and correct in all
material respects, on and as of such earlier date); provided that this
paragraph (a) shall be deemed to be satisfied so long as the failure of all
such representations and warranties which are not qualified as to
Material Adverse Effect to be so true and correct, in the aggregate, has not
had or would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect, and Conectiv shall have received a certificate of the chief
executive officer or the chief financial officer of Parent to such
effect.   (b) Performance of Obligations of Parent. Parent shall have
performed or complied in all material respects with all material agreements
and covenants required to be performed by it under this Agreement at or prior
to the Closing Date, and Conectiv shall have received a certificate of the
chief executive officer or the chief financial officer of Parent to such
effect.   (c) Tax Opinion. Conectiv shall have received from Simpson
Thacher and Bartlett, counsel to Conectiv, on the Closing Date, a written
opinion dated as of such date to the effect that the Mergers, taken together,
will be treated for federal income tax purposes as a transaction described in
Section 351 of the Code. In rendering such opinion, counsel to Conectiv shall
be entitled to rely upon representations of officers of Parent and Conectiv
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such counsel.   (d) Parent
Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth in the Parent Disclosure
Schedules or in the Parent SEC Reports filed prior to the date of this
Agreement, no Material Adverse Effect on Parent shall have occurred and there
shall exist no fact or circumstance which would reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.      -63-       ARTICLE
VII   TERMINATION AND AMENDMENT   7.1. Termination. This Agreement may
be terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time, by action taken
or authorized by the Board of Directors of the terminating party or
parties, and except as provided below, whether before or after approval of
the matters presented in connection with the Mergers by the stockholders
of Conectiv or Parent:   (a) By mutual written consent of Parent
and Conectiv, by action of their respective Boards of Directors;   (b) By
either Conectiv or Parent if the Effective Time shall not have occurred on or
before the 18 month anniversary date of the date of this Agreement (the
"Termination Date"); provided, however, that the right to terminate this
Agreement under this Section 7.1(b) shall not be available to any party whose
failure to fulfill any obligation under this Agreement (including without
limitation Section 5.4) has to any extent been the cause of, or resulted in,
the failure of the Effective Time to occur on or before the Termination
Date; provided, further, that if, on such anniversary date, (i) the
condition set forth in Section 6.1(d) has not been satisfied or waived, (ii)
all of the other conditions to the consummation of the Mergers set forth
in Article VI have been satisfied or waived or can readily be satisfied
and (iii) any approvals required in order for the condition set forth
in Section 6.1(d) to be satisfied that have not yet been obtained are
being pursued diligently and in good faith, then the Termination Date
shall, without any action by any of the parties, be extended to the date that
is six months after such anniversary date;   (c) By either Conectiv or
Parent if any Governmental Entity shall have issued an order, decree or
ruling or taken any other action (which the parties shall have used
reasonable best efforts to resist, resolve or lift, as applicable, in
accordance with Section 5.4) permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise
prohibiting the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and such order,
decree, ruling or other action shall have become final and
nonappealable; provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement
under this Section 7.1(c) shall not be available to any party whose failure
to comply with Section 5.4 has to any extent been the cause of such
action or inaction;   (d) By either Conectiv or Parent (i) if the Required
Conectiv Vote shall not have been obtained by reason of the failure to obtain
the Required Conectiv Vote upon the taking of such vote at a duly held
meeting of stockholders of Conectiv, or at any adjournment thereof or (ii) if
the Required Parent Vote shall not have been obtained by reason of the
failure to obtain the Required Parent Vote upon the      
-64-   taking of such vote at a duly held meeting of stockholders of
Parent, or at any adjournment thereof;   (e) By Parent (i) if the Board of
Directors of Conectiv (A) shall withdraw, or modify in any manner adverse
to Parent, the Conectiv Board Approval, (B) shall approve or recommend
an Acquisition Proposal or (C) shall resolve to take any of the
actions specified in clauses (A) or (B) above or (ii) if there shall
have occurred a material breach of the representations, warranties,
covenants or agreements of Conectiv contained in this Agreement such that
the conditions set forth in Sections 6.2(a) and (b) would not be satisfied
by the Termination Date and such breach shall not have been remedied
within 30 Business Days after receipt by Conectiv of notice in writing
by Parent, specifying the nature of such breach and requesting that it
be remedied; provided, that Parent shall not have the right to
terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.1(e)(ii) if Parent,
HoldCo, Merger Sub A or Merger Sub B is then in material breach of any of
its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained in
this Agreement;   (f) By Conectiv (i) if the Board of Directors of
Conectiv shall approve a Superior Proposal; provided, however, that, prior to
any such approval, Conectiv shall, and shall cause its financial and legal
advisors to, provide Parent with a reasonable opportunity (not to exceed a
period of three Business Days unless otherwise agreed in writing) to make
adjustments in the terms and conditions of this Agreement sufficient to cause
the Board of Directors of Conectiv to determine that such Superior Proposal
no longer constitutes a Superior Proposal; provided, however, that it shall
be a condition to termination by Conectiv pursuant to this Section
7.1(f)(i) that Conectiv shall have made the payment of the Conectiv
Termination Fee to Parent required by Section 7.2(b) or (ii) if there shall
have occurred a material breach of the representations, warranties, covenants
or agreements of Parent, Merger Sub A, Merger Sub B and HoldCo contained
in this Agreement such that the conditions set forth in Sections 6.3(a)
and (b) would not be satisfied by the Termination Date and such breach
shall not have been remedied within 30 Business Days after receipt by Parent
of notice in writing by Conectiv, specifying the nature of such breach
and requesting that it be remedied; provided, that Conectiv shall not
have the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section
7.1(f)(ii) if Conectiv is then in material breach of any of its
representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained in this
Agreement;   (g) By Conectiv if the Board of Directors of Parent shall
withdraw, or modify in any manner adverse to Conectiv, the Parent Board
Approval or shall resolve to take any such actions; and   (h) By Conectiv at
any time during the three-Business Day period commencing on the date on which
the Average Final Price has been determined, if the Average Final Price is
less than      -65-   $16.50, subject, however, to the following: (A)
if Conectiv elects to exercise its termination right pursuant to this Section
7.1(h), it shall give Parent written notice of its intention to terminate
(the "Termination Notice"), which termination shall be effective at the
close of business on the second Business Day following the delivery of
the Termination Notice (which Termination Notice may be withdrawn by
Conectiv at any time prior to the effectiveness of such termination), (B)
prior to the effectiveness of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to
clause (A), Parent shall have the option (the "Option"), by giving
Conectiv written notice to such effect, of either (x) adjusting (i) the
Conectiv Common Stock Exchange Ratio to equal the quotient determined by
dividing $21.15 by the Average Final Price and (ii) the Class A Stock
Exchange Ratio to equal the quotient determined by dividing $18.35 by the
Average Final Price, or (y) paying (i) under Section 1.8(b)(ii)(A)(y),
the Conectiv Common Stock Share Consideration consisting of shares of
HoldCo Common Stock equal to the Conectiv Common Stock Exchange Ratio and
cash (the "Conectiv Common Stock Cash Top-Up") equal to the difference
between $21.15 and the Conectiv Common Stock Exchange Ratio multiplied by
the Average Final Price, and (ii) under Section 1.8(b)(ii)(B)(y), the Class
A Share Consideration consisting of shares of HoldCo Common Stock equal
to the Class A Stock Exchange Ratio and cash (the "Class A Stock Cash
Top- Up") equal to the difference between $18.35 and the Class A
Stock Exchange Ratio multiplied by the Average Final Price or (z)
any combination of adjusting the amount of stock consideration pursuant
to clause (x) or paying additional cash consideration pursuant to clause
(y) (such combination to be in the same proportion with respect to
the Conectiv Common Stock and the Class A Stock) provided that the sum of
(I) the Conectiv Common Stock Cash Top-Up and (II) the Conectiv Common
Stock Exchange Ratio, as adjusted, multiplied by the Average Final
Price, equals $21.15, and that the sum of (III) the Class A Stock Cash Top-
Up and (IV) the Class A Stock Exchange Ratio, as adjusted, multiplied by
the Average Final Price, equals $18.35 and (C) if Parent exercises
the Option, then this Agreement shall not terminate pursuant to this
Section 7.1(h) and this Agreement shall remain in effect in accordance with
its terms (except as modified pursuant to this Section 7.1(h)), and
any references in this Agreement to the terms "the Conectiv Common
Stock Exchange Ratio", "the Class A Stock Exchange Ratio", "the Conectiv
Common Stock Share Consideration" and "the Class A Share Consideration"
shall thereafter be deemed to refer to such terms, as modified pursuant to
this Section 7.1(h).   7.2. Effect of Termination. (a) In the event of
termination of this Agreement by either Conectiv or Parent as provided in
Section 7.1, this Agreement shall forthwith become void and there shall be no
liability or obligation on the part of Parent or Conectiv or their respective
officers or directors except with respect to the third sentence of Section
5.3, Section 5.7, this Section 7.2 and Article VIII; provided, however, that
nothing herein shall relieve any party from liability for the willful breach
of any of its       -66-   representations, warranties, covenants or
agreements set forth in this Agreement.   (b) Parent and Conectiv agree
that Conectiv shall pay to Parent the sum of $60 million (the "Conectiv
Termination Fee") solely as follows: (i) if Conectiv shall terminate this
Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1(f)(i), or (ii) if (A) Conectiv or Parent
shall terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1(d)(i) due to the
failure of Conectiv\'s stockholders to adopt this Agreement, (B) at any time
after the date of this Agreement and at or before the time of the
Conectiv Stockholders Meeting, a bona fide Acquisition Proposal shall have
been made public and not been withdrawn and (C) within 12 months of
the termination of this Agreement, Conectiv enters into a
definitive agreement with a third party with respect to an Acquisition
Proposal (which is subsequently consummated) or an Acquisition Proposal
is consummated, or (iii) if Parent shall terminate this Agreement
pursuant to Section 7.1(e)(i) (unless the action of the Board of Directors
of Conectiv giving rise to such termination right was caused by
Parent entering into a definitive agreement with respect to a
merger, recapitalization, consolidation, business combination, sale
of substantially all assets, tender offer, exchange offer, share exchange
or similar transaction involving Parent (a "Parent Transaction") which
could reasonably be expected to materially delay or impede the consummation
of the Mergers) (provided that, for purposes of clause (ii) of this
Section 7.2(b), the term Acquisition Proposal shall have the meaning assigned
to such term in Section 5.5 except that the references to "15% or more"
in the definition of "Acquisition Proposal" shall each be deemed to be
a reference to "35% or more").   (c) Conectiv and Parent agree that
Parent shall pay to Conectiv the sum of $60 million (the "Parent
Termination Fee") solely as follows: (i) if Conectiv shall terminate this
Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1(g), or (ii) if (A) Conectiv or Parent
shall terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1(d)(ii) due to
the failure of the stockholders of Parent to adopt this Agreement, (B) at
any time after the date of this Agreement and at or before the time of
the Parent Stockholders Meeting, a bona fide proposal with respect to
a Parent Transaction shall have been made public and not withdrawn and
(C) within 12 months of the termination of this Agreement, Parent enters
into a definitive agreement with a third party with respect to a
Parent Transaction (which is subsequently consummated) or a Parent
Transaction is consummated.   (d) The Conectiv Termination Fee required to
be paid pursuant to clause (i) of Section 7.2(b) shall be made prior to, and
shall be a pre-condition to the effectiveness of, the termination of this
Agreement by Conectiv pursuant to Section 7.1(f)(i). The Conectiv Termination
Fee required to be paid pursuant to clause (ii) of Section 7.2(b) shall be
made to Parent not later than five Business Days after the consummation of
the applicable Acquisition Proposal. The Conectiv      
-67-    Termination Fee required to be paid pursuant to clause (iii) of
Section 7.2(b) shall be made to Parent not later than five Business Days
after the termination of this Agreement.   (e) The Parent Termination Fee
required to be paid pursuant to clause (i) of Section 7.2(c) shall be made
to Conectiv not later than five Business Days after the termination of
this Agreement. The Parent Termination Fee required to be paid pursuant
to clause (ii) of Section 7.2(c) shall be made to Conectiv not later
than five Business Days after the consummation of the applicable
Parent Transaction.   (f) All payments under this Section 7.2 shall be
made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated
by the party entitled to receive payment.   7.3. Amendment. This Agreement
may be amended by the parties hereto, by action taken or authorized by
their respective Boards of Directors, at any time before or after approval
of the matters presented in connection with the Mergers by the
stockholders of Conectiv, Parent, Merger Sub A and Merger Sub B, but, after
any such approval, no amendment shall be made which by law or in accordance
with the rules of any relevant stock exchange requires further approval
by such stockholders without such further approval. This Agreement may
not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each
of the parties hereto.   7.4. Extension; Waiver. At any time prior to the
Effective Time, the parties hereto, by action taken or authorized by their
respective Boards of Directors, may, to the extent legally allowed, (i)
extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts
of the other parties hereto, (ii) waive any inaccuracies in the
representations and warranties contained herein or in any document delivered
pursuant hereto and (iii) waive compliance with any of the agreements or
conditions contained herein. Any agreement on the part of a party hereto to
any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in a written
instrument signed on behalf of such party. The failure of any party to this
Agreement to assert any of its rights under this Agreement or otherwise shall
not constitute a waiver of those rights.   ARTICLE VIII   GENERAL
PROVISIONS   8.1. Non-Survival of Representations, Warranties and
Agreements. None of the representations, warranties, covenants and other
agreements in this Agreement or in any instrument delivered pursuant to this
Agreement, including any rights arising out of any breach of such
representations, warranties, covenants and other       
-68-   agreements, shall survive the Effective Time, except for those
covenants and agreements contained herein and therein that by their terms
apply or are to be performed in whole or in part after the Effective Time and
this Article VIII. Nothing in this Section 8.1 shall relieve any party for
any breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or other agreement
in this Agreement occurring prior to termination.   8.2. Notices. All
notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be
deemed duly given (a) on the date of delivery if delivered personally, or by
telecopy or telefacsimile, upon confirmation of receipt, (b) on the first
Business Day following the date of dispatch if delivered by a recognized
next-day courier service, or (c) on the tenth Business Day following the date
of mailing if delivered by registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid. All notices hereunder shall be delivered as set
forth below, or pursuant to such other instructions as may be designated in
writing by the party to receive such notice:   (a) if to Parent or HoldCo,
to   Potomac Electric Power Company  1900 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W. 
Washington, D.C. 20068  Fax: (202) 331-6485  Attention: Chief Executive
Officer   with a copy to   LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene and MacRae, L.L.P.  125
West 55th Street  New York, NY 10019  Fax: (212) 424-8500  Attention:
William S. Lamb, Esq.   (b) if to Conectiv to   Conectiv  800 King
Street  Wilmington, Delaware 19899  Fax: (302) 429-3367  Attention: Chief
Executive Officer                -69-    with a copy to  
Simpson Thacher and Bartlett  425 Lexington Avenue  New York, New York
10017-3954  Fax: (212) 455-2502  Attention: James M. Cotter and Casey
Cogut   8.3. Interpretation. When a reference is made in this Agreement to
Sections, Exhibits or Schedules, such reference shall be to a Section of or
Exhibit or Schedule to this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The table
of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference
purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation
of this Agreement. Whenever the words "include", "includes" or "including"
are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words
"without limitation".   8.4. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed
in one or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the
same agreement and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have
been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other parties, it
being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart.  
8.5. Entire Agreement; Third Party Beneficiaries. (a) This Agreement
constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and
understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the
subject matter hereof, other than the Confidentiality Agreements, which shall
survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement.   (b) This Agreement
shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of each party hereto,
and nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall
confer upon any other Person any right, benefit or remedy of any nature
whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement, other than Section 5.6 and
Section 5.8 (which is intended to be for the benefit of the Persons covered
thereby and may be enforced by such Persons).   8.6. GOVERNING LAW. THIS
AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE
STATE OF DELAWARE.   8.7. Severability. If any term or other provision of
this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any law
or public policy, all other terms and provisions of this Agreement shall
nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal
substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any
manner materially adverse to any party.     -70-    Upon such
determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or
incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith
to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties
as closely as possible in an acceptable manner in order that the transactions
contemplated hereby are consummated as originally contemplated to the
greatest extent possible.   8.8. Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any
of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by any of
the parties hereto, in whole or in part (whether by operation of law or
otherwise), without the prior written consent of the other parties, and any
attempt to make any such assignment without such consent shall be null and
void. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement will be binding upon,
inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties and their
respective successors and assigns.   8.9. Submission to Jurisdiction;
Waivers. Each of HoldCo, Parent, Merger Sub A, Merger Sub B and
Conectiv irrevocably agrees that any legal action or proceeding with respect
to this Agreement or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment
in respect hereof brought by any party hereto or its successors or
assigns may be brought and determined in the Chancery or other Courts of
the State of Delaware, or in the United States Courts in or for the
District of Delaware, in each case having subject matter jurisdiction, and
each of HoldCo, Parent, Merger Sub A, Merger Sub B and Conectiv
hereby irrevocably submits with regard to any such action or proceeding
for itself and in respect to its property, generally and unconditionally,
to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts. Each of
HoldCo, Parent, Merger Sub A, Merger Sub B and Conectiv hereby
irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert, by way of motion, as a
defense, counterclaim or otherwise, in any action or proceeding with respect
to this Agreement, (a) any claim that it is not personally subject to
the jurisdiction of the above-named courts for any reason other than
the failure to serve process in accordance with this Section 8.9, (b) that
it or its property is exempt or immune from jurisdiction of any such
court or from any legal process commenced in such courts (whether
through service of notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid
of execution of judgment, execution of judgment or otherwise) and (c) to
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, that (i) the suit, action
or proceeding in any such court is brought in an inconvenient forum,
(ii) the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper and (iii)
this Agreement, or the subject matter hereof, may not be enforced in or
by such courts. This Agreement does not involve less than $100,000, and
the parties intend that 6 Del.C. Section 2708 shall apply to this
Agreement.   8.10. Enforcement. The parties agree that irreparable damage
would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were
not performed in accordance with their specific terms. It is accordingly
agreed that the parties shall be entitled to     -71-     specific
performance of the terms hereof, this being in addition to any other remedy
to which they are entitled at law or in equity.   8.11. Definitions. As used
in this Agreement:   (a) "Benefit Plans" means, with respect to any
Person, each employee benefit plan, program, arrangement and
contract (including any "employee benefit plan," as defined in Section 3(3)
of ERISA, and any bonus, deferred compensation, stock bonus, stock
purchase, restricted stock, stock option, employment, termination, stay
agreement or bonus, change in control and severance plan, program,
arrangement and contract) in effect on the date of this Agreement that covers
current or former employees, consultants or directors of such Person or any
of its Subsidiaries, to which such Person or its Subsidiary is a party, which
is maintained or contributed to by such Person, or with respect to
which such Person could incur material liability under Section 4069, 4201
or 4212(c) of ERISA.   (b) "Board of Directors" means the Board
of Directors of any specified Person and any committees thereof.   (c)
"Business Day" means any day on which banks are not required or authorized to
close in The City of New York.   (d) "knowledge" when used with respect
to any party means the knowledge, after reasonable investigation, of
any executive officer of such party.   (e) "Material Adverse Effect" means,
with respect to any entity, any change or effect that would be
materially adverse to the business, financial condition or results of
operations of such entity and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, other than
any change or effect resulting from (i) changes in economic conditions, (ii)
the announcement and performance of this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby and compliance with the covenants set forth
herein, (iii) changes or developments in the industries in which such entity
and its subsidiaries operate, (iv) any failure to consummate the
transactions contemplated by any of the agreements identified in Section
8.11(e)(iv) of the Conectiv Disclosure Schedule or (v) any other item
identified in Section 8.11(e)(v) of the Conectiv Disclosure Schedule.   (f)
"the other party" means, with respect to Conectiv, Parent and means, with
respect to Parent, Conectiv.   (g) "Person" means an
individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association,
trust, unincorporated organization, other entity or group (as defined in
the Exchange Act).        -72-    (h) "Subsidiary" when used with
respect to any party means any corporation or other organization,
whether incorporated or unincorporated, (i) of which such party or any
other Subsidiary of such party is a general partner (excluding
partnerships, the general partnership interests of which held by such party
or any Subsidiary of such party do not have a majority of the voting
interests in such partnership), (ii) at least a majority of the securities or
other interests of which have by their terms ordinary voting power to elect
a majority of the Board of Directors or others performing similar
functions with respect to such corporation or other organization or (iii)
that is directly or indirectly controlled by such party or by any one or more
of its Subsidiaries, or by such party and one or more of its
Subsidiaries.   (i) "Superior Proposal" means a bona fide written
Acquisition Proposal that the Board of Directors of Conectiv concludes in
good faith (after consultation with its financial advisors and legal
counsel), taking into account all legal, financial, regulatory and other
aspects of the proposal and the Person making the proposal, (i) would, if
consummated, result in a transaction that is more favorable to Conectiv\'s
stockholders (in their capacities as stockholders), from a financial point of
view, than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (ii) is
reasonably capable of being completed, including, but not limited to, that
the Person or group making the proposal will have adequate sources of
financing to complete the Acquisition Proposal (provided that for purposes of
this definition the term Acquisition Proposal shall have the meaning assigned
to such term in Section 5.5 except that the references to "15% or more" in
the definition of "Acquisition Proposal" shall each be deemed to be a
reference to "a majority").   (j) "Trading Day" means a day on which
the NYSE is open for business.   8.12. Other Agreements. The parties
hereto acknowledge and agree that, except as otherwise expressly set forth
in this Agreement, the rights and obligations of Conectiv and Parent
under any other agreement between the parties shall not be affected by
any provision of this Agreement.   ____________________________ 
[Intentionally Left Blank]               -73-    IN WITNESS
WHEREOF, Parent, HoldCo and Conectiv have caused this Agreement to be signed
by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, all as of the day and
year first above written.  POTOMAC ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY    By: /s/ John
M. Derrick, Jr.  ____________________________  Name: John M. Derrick, Jr. 
Title: Chairman and CEO     NEW RC, INC.    By: /s/ Dennis R. Wraase 
______________________________  Name: Dennis R. Wraase  Title:
President     CONECTIV    By: /s/ Howard E. Cosgrove 
______________________________  Name: Howard E. Cosgrove  Title: Chairman
and CEO                         -74-       '

