 EXHIBIT 99.1 - AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER  
Exhibit 99.1  ------------     AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
dated August 1, 2001   between   TUCKER ANTHONY SUTRO   and   ROYAL
BANK OF CANADA      
------------------------------------------------------------------------------      
TABLE OF CONTENTS   SECTION PAGE -------
----  RECITALS.....................................................................1  ARTICLE
I CERTAIN DEFINITIONS; INTERPRETATION...........................2  1.1
Certain Definitions...........................................2  1.2
Interpretation................................................7  ARTICLE II
THE MERGER....................................................8  2.1 The
Merger....................................................8  2.1 Effective
Time................................................9  2.3
Closing.......................................................9  2.4
Reservation of Right to Revise Structure......................9  ARTICLE III
CONSIDERATION; EXCHANGE.......................................9  3.1 Merger
Consideration..........................................9  3.2 Rights as
Stockholders; Stock Transfers......................10  3.3 Payment for
Shares...........................................10  3.4 Dissenting
Stockholders......................................11  3.5 Options; Restricted
Stock....................................11  ARTICLE IV ACTIONS PENDING THE
EFFECTIVE TIME...........................11  4.1 Forbearances of the
Company..................................11  4.2 Forbearances of
Parent.......................................14  ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES...............................15  5.1 Disclosure
Schedules.........................................15  5.2
Standard.....................................................15  5.3
Representations and Warranties of the Company................15  5.4
Representations and Warranties of Parent.....................31  ARTICLE VI
COVENANTS....................................................33  6.1
Reasonable Best Efforts......................................33  6.2 Proxy
Statement..............................................34  6.3 Company
Stockholders Meeting.................................34  6.4 Press
Releases...............................................35  6.5 Access;
Information..........................................35  6.6 Acquisition
Proposals........................................36  6.7 No Rights
Triggered..........................................37  6.8 Regulatory
Applications......................................37  6.9 Employee
Matters.............................................38  6.10 Notification of
Certain Matters..............................39  6.11 Indemnification;
Directors\' and Officers\' Insurance..........39  6.12 Section 15 of the
Investment Company Act.....................41  6.13 ERISA
Clients................................................41   
-i-      SECTION PAGE ------- ----   6.14 Formation of Merger
Subsidiary...............................42  6.15 Internal
Reorganization......................................42  ARTICLE VII
CONDITIONS TO CONSUMMATION OF THE MERGER.....................42  7.1
Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect the Merger...42  7.2
Conditions to Obligation of the Company......................43  7.3
Conditions to Obligation of Parent and Merger Subsidiary.....43  ARTICLE
VIII TERMINATION..................................................44  8.1
Termination..................................................44  8.2 Effect
of Termination and Abandonment........................45  8.3 Termination
Fee..............................................45  ARTICLE IX
MISCELLANEOUS................................................46  9.1
Survival.....................................................46  9.2 Waiver;
Amendment............................................46  9.3
Counterparts.................................................46  9.4
Governing Law and Venue......................................46  9.5
Expenses.....................................................46  9.6
Notices......................................................47  9.7 Entire
Understanding; No Third-Party Beneficiaries...........47  9.8
Assignment...................................................48  9.9
Enforcement..................................................48   ANNEXES  Annex
A Form of Stock Option Agreement Annex B Form of Voting Agreement Annex C
List of Designated Executives to Execute Employment Agreements    
-ii-       AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated August 1, 2001, between
Tucker Anthony Sutro (the "Company") and Royal Bank of Canada
("Parent").    RECITALS   A. THE COMPANY. The Company is a Delaware
corporation, having its principal place of business in Boston,
Massachusetts.   B. PARENT. Parent is a Canadian chartered bank, having its
principal place of business in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.   C. MERGER
SUBSIDIARY. Merger Subsidiary ("MERGER SUBSIDIARY") will be a Delaware
corporation and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Parent that will have
been organized as of the Closing Date (as defined herein) for the purpose of
effecting the Merger (as defined herein) in accordance with
this Agreement.   D. THE MERGER. Subject to the terms and conditions
contained in this Agreement, the parties to this Agreement intend to effect
the merger of Merger Subsidiary with and into the Company, with the Company
being the corporation surviving such merger.   E. STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT.
As a condition and inducement to Parent\'s willingness to enter into this
Agreement, the Board of Directors of the Company has approved the grant to
Parent of an option to purchase shares of Company Common Stock (as defined
herein) pursuant to a Stock Option Agreement with Parent (the "Stock Option
Agreement"), and concurrently with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement, the Company has executed and delivered the Stock Option Agreement
with Parent, in the form of Annex A.   F. VOTING AGREEMENT. As a condition
and inducement to Parent\'s willingness to enter into this Agreement, TH Lee
Equity Fund III, L.P. and TH Lee Foreign Fund III, L.P., stockholders of, in
the aggregate, 18.85% of the Company Common Stock, concurrently with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement, have executed a Voting and Support
Agreement with Parent (the "Voting Agreement"), in the form of Annex B,
whereby such stockholders have agreed, among other things, to vote to adopt
this Agreement at the Company Stockholders Meeting (as defined herein).  
G. EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS. As further conditions and inducements to Parent\'s
willingness to enter into this Agreement, immediately prior to the execution
and delivery of this Agreement, each of the Designated Executives (as defined
herein) have executed and delivered an employment agreement with the Company
(each, an "Employment Agreement").   H. BOARD ACTION. The respective Boards
of Directors of each of the Company and Parent have adopted resolutions
approving this Agreement, the Merger and the Stock Option Agreement, and, in
the case of the Board of Directors of Parent, the Voting Agreement, and, in
the case of the Board of Directors of the Company, declaring the advisability
of this Agreement in accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law as
currently in effect (the "DGCL").    -1-       NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the premises, and of the mutual covenants, representations,
warranties and agreements contained herein, the parties agree as follows:  
ARTICLE I   CERTAIN DEFINITIONS; INTERPRETATION   1.1 CERTAIN DEFINITIONS.
The following terms are used in this Agreement with the meanings set forth
below:   "ACQUISITION PROPOSAL" has the meaning assigned in Section
6.06.   "AFFILIATE" means, with respect to any specified person, any other
person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or
indirect common control with such specified person. For the purposes of this
definition, "control" when used with respect to any specified person means
the power to direct the management and policies of such person, directly or
indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract
or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings
correlative to the foregoing.   "AGREEMENT" means this Agreement, as
amended or modified from time to time in accordance with Section 9.02.  
"AMEX" means the American Stock Exchange.   "BANKRUPTCY AND EQUITY
EXCEPTION" has the meaning assigned in Section 5.03(e)(i).   "BUSINESS DAY"
means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or any day on which banks in
the State of New York are required or authorized by law or regulation to be
closed.   "BYLAWS" has the meaning assigned in Section 2.01(c).  
"CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION" has the meaning assigned in Section
2.01(b).   "CFTC" means the Commodities Futures Trading Commission.  
"CLIENT" means any person to whom the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries provides brokerage, investment advisory or other financial
services under any Contract.   "CLOSING" and "CLOSING DATE" have the
meanings assigned in Section 2.03.   "CODE" means the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended.   "COMPANY" has the meaning assigned in the
Preamble.      -2-       "COMPANY COMMON STOCK" means the common
stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company.   "COMPANY FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS" has the meaning assigned in Section 5.03(h)(ii).   "COMPANY IP
RIGHTS" has the meaning assigned in Section 5.03(y)(i).   "COMPANY OPTIONS"
means, collectively, outstanding options to purchase shares of Company Common
Stock under the Company Stock Plans.   "COMPANY PROXY STATEMENT" has the
meaning assigned in Section 6.02(a).   "COMPANY REQUISITE VOTE" has the
meaning assigned in Section 5.03(e)(i).   "COMPANY RESTRICTED STOCK" has the
meaning assigned in Section 3.05(b).   "COMPANY SEC DOCUMENTS" has the
meaning assigned in Section 5.03(h).   "COMPANY STOCK PLANS" has the meaning
assigned in Section 5.03(b).   "COMPANY STOCKHOLDERS MEETING" has the
meaning assigned in Section 6.03.   "COMPENSATION AND BENEFIT PLANS" has,
with respect to any person, the meaning assigned in Section 5.03(r)(i).  
"CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT" means the Confidentiality Agreement, dated as of
December 5, 2000, between the Company and DR Corp.   "CONSTITUTIVE
DOCUMENTS" means with respect to any juridical person, such person\'s
articles or certificate of incorporation and its bylaws, or
similar constitutive documents.   "CONTRACT" means, with respect to any
person, any agreement, indenture, undertaking, debt instrument, contract,
lease, understanding, arrangement, or commitment to which such person or any
of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them may be bound or to
which any of their properties may be subject.   "COSTS" has the meaning
assigned in Section 6.11(a).   "DERIVATIVES" has the meaning assigned in
Section 5.03(w).   "DESIGNATED EXECUTIVES" means, collectively, the
individuals identified in Annex C.   "DGCL" has the meaning assigned in the
Recitals.   "DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE" has the meaning assigned in Section
5.01.      -3-       "DISSENTERS\' SHARES" means shares of Company
Common Stock the holders of which shall have perfected and not withdrawn or
lost their appraisal rights in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL.  
"DR CORP." means Dain Rauscher Corporation, an indirect wholly
owned Subsidiary of Parent.   "EFFECTIVE TIME" means the date and time at
which the Merger becomes effective in accordance with Section 2.02.  
"EMPLOYEES" has the meaning assigned in Section 5.03(r)(i).   "EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT" means an employment agreement entered into between the Company, on
the one hand, and each of the Designated Executives, on the other hand.  
"ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS" means any federal, state or local law,
regulation, order, decree, permit, authorization, common law or agency
requirement relating to: (a) the protection or restoration of the
environment, health or safety or natural resources; or (b) the handling, use,
presence, disposal, release or threatened release of, or exposure to, any
Hazardous Substance.   "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974, as amended.   "ERISA AFFILIATE" has, with respect to any
person, the meaning assigned in Section 5.03(r)(iii).   "ESPPs" has the
meaning assigned in Section 5.03(j).   "EXCHANGE ACT" means the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations
thereunder.   "FUND BOARD" has the meaning assigned in Section
5.03(z)(i).   "GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles in the
United States.   "GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY" means any United States or foreign
government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, any entity
exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative
functions of or pertaining to government, including, without limitation, the
Minister of Finance (Canada), the Office of the Superintendent of Financial
Institutions (Canada), the SEC or any other government authority, agency,
department, board, commission or instrumentality of the United States or any
foreign government or any state or other political subdivision thereof or any
state insurance or banking authority, the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System or the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and any court,
tribunal or arbitrator(s) of competent jurisdiction.     
-4-       "HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCE" means any hazardous or toxic substance,
material or waste, including those substances, materials and wastes listed in
the United States Department of Transportation Hazardous Materials Table (49
CFR ss. 172.101), or designated by the United States Environmental Protection
Agency as hazardous substances (40 CFR pt 302 and amendments thereto),
petroleum products or other such substances, materials and wastes that are or
become regulated under any applicable local, state or federal law, including
petroleum compounds, lead, asbestos and polychlorinated biphenyls.   "HSR
ACT" means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as
amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.   "INDEMNIFIED PARTIES"
has the meaning assigned in Section 6.11(a).   "INSURANCE AMOUNT" has the
meaning assigned in Section 6.11(c).   "INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS" has
the meaning assigned in Section 5.03(y)(iii).   "INVESTMENT ADVISERS ACT"
means the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and
regulations thereunder.   "INVESTMENT COMPANY" means any investment company
within the meaning of the Investment Company Act, disregarding Section 3(c)
thereof, that is sponsored, organized, advised or managed by the Company or
one of its Subsidiaries or with respect to which the Company or one of its
Subsidiaries acts as "principal underwriter" as defined in the Investment
Company Act (including the Registered Funds).   "INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT"
means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and
regulations thereunder.   "IRS" means the United States Internal Revenue
Service.   "LIEN" means any charge, mortgage, pledge, security interest,
restriction (other than a restriction on transfer arising under Securities
Laws), claim, lien or encumbrance of any nature whatsoever.   "LITIGATION"
has the meaning assigned in Section 5.03(l).   "MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT"
means, with respect to Parent, the Company or the Surviving Corporation,
respectively, an effect or change that, individually or in the aggregate with
such other effects or changes, is both material and adverse with respect to
the respective financial condition, results of operations, assets or business
of Parent and its Subsidiaries, the Company and its Subsidiaries or the
Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries, in each case taken as a whole;
provided, that "Material Adverse Effect" shall not be deemed to include any
effect resulting from this Agreement or the announcement thereof or the
effects of (i) changes of general scope in the economy or capital
markets conditions of the United States or Canada or (ii) changes in GAAP;
provided, further, that any exception in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii)
shall not apply to      -5-      any change to the extent such
change disproportionately affects the applicable party and its Subsidiaries
as compared to its peers.   "MERGER" has the meaning assigned in Section
2.01(a).   "MERGER CONSIDERATION" has the meaning assigned in Section
3.01(a).   "MERGER SUBSIDIARY" has the meaning assigned in the Recitals.  
"MSRB" means the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board.   "NASD" means the
National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.   "NEW PLANS" has the
meaning assigned in Section 6.09(b).   "NYSE" means the New York Stock
Exchange, Inc.   "PARENT" has the meaning assigned in the Preamble.  
"PAYING AGENT" has the meaning assigned in Section 3.03.   "PENSION PLAN"
has, with respect to any person, the meaning assigned in Section
5.03(r)(ii).   "PERSON" means any individual, bank, corporation, limited
liability company, partnership, association, joint-stock company, business
trust, unincorporated organization or other entity.   "PREVIOUSLY
DISCLOSED" has the meaning assigned in Section 5.01.   "REGISTERED FUNDS"
has the meaning assigned in Section 5.03(z)(i).   "REPORTS" has the meaning
assigned in Section 5.03(g).   "REPRESENTATIVES" means, with respect to any
person, such person\'s directors, officers, employees, legal, financial or
other advisers or any representatives of such legal, financial or other
advisers.   "RIGHTS" means, with respect to any person, securities or
obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving
any person any preemptive or other right to subscribe for or acquire, or any
options, calls or commitments relating to, or any stock or equity
appreciation right or other instrument the value of which is determined in
whole or in part by reference to the market price or value of, shares of
capital stock of such person.   "SEC" means the Securities and Exchange
Commission.   "SECURITIES ACT" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and the rules and regulations thereunder.      -6-      
"SECURITIES LAWS" means, collectively, the Securities Act, the Exchange Act,
the Investment Advisers Act, the Investment Company Act and all
state securities and "blue sky" laws and rules and regulations
thereunder.   "SELF-REGULATORY ORGANIZATION" means the NASD, the NYSE, the
AMEX, the MSRB, the Chicago Stock Exchange, The Chicago Mercantile Exchange,
the Chicago Board of Trade, the Cincinnati Stock Exchange, the Minneapolis
Grain Exchange, the New York Futures Exchange, the Philadelphia Stock
Exchange or any other commission, board, agency or body that is not a
Governmental Authority but is charged with the supervision or regulation of
brokers, dealers, securities underwriting or trading, stock exchanges,
commodities exchanges, insurance companies or agents, investment companies or
investment advisers, or to the jurisdiction or supervision of which the
Company or one of its Subsidiaries is otherwise subject.   "STOCK OPTION
AGREEMENT" has the meaning assigned in the Recitals.   "SUBSIDIARY" and
"SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARY" have the meanings ascribed to them in Rule 1-02 of
Regulation S-X of the SEC.   "SUPERIOR PROPOSAL" has the meaning assigned in
Section 6.06.   "SURVIVING CORPORATION" has the meaning assigned in Section
2.01(a).   "TAX RETURNS" means, collectively, all returns, declarations,
reports, estimates, information returns and statements required to be filed
under federal, state, local or any foreign tax laws.   "TAXES" means all
taxes, levies or other similar assessments, however denominated and whether
imposed by a taxing authority within or without the United States, including,
without limitation, all net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use,
ad valorem, goods and services, capital, transfer, franchise, profits,
license, withholding, payroll, employment, unemployment, social security,
employer health, excise, estimated, severance, stamp, occupation, property or
other taxes, custom duties or other similar assessments of any kind
whatsoever, together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax or
additional amounts imposed by any taxing authority whether arising before, on
or after the Effective Date.   "TREASURY SHARES" means shares of Company
Common Stock, if any, owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries other
than shares (i) held by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection
with any market-making or proprietary trading activity or for the account of
another person, (ii) as to which the Company is or may be required to act in
a fiduciary or similar capacity or (iii) held in satisfaction of a debt
previously contracted.   "VOTING AGREEMENT" has the meaning assigned in the
Recitals.   1.2 INTERPRETATION. When a reference is made in this Agreement
to RECITALS, SECTIONS, ANNEXES SCHEDULES or the PREAMBLE, such reference
shall be to a Recital or Section of,      -7-      or an Annex,
Schedule or the Preamble to, this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The
table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference
purposes only and are not part of this Agreement. Whenever the words
"include", "includes" or "including" are used in this Agreement, they shall
be deemed followed by the words "without limitation". No rule of construction
against the draftsperson shall be applied in connection with the
interpretation or enforcement of this Agreement. Whenever this
Agreement shall require a party to take an action, such requirement shall be
deemed an undertaking by such party to cause its Subsidiaries, and to use its
reasonable best efforts to cause its other Affiliates, to take appropriate
action in connection therewith.   ARTICLE II   THE MERGER   2.1 The
Merger. At the Effective Time:   (a) Structure and Effects of the Merger.
Subject to Section 2.04,  -----------------------------------  Merger
Subsidiary will merge with and into the Company in accordance with the  terms
set forth in this Agreement (the "MERGER") and the separate corporate 
existence of Merger Subsidiary will thereupon cease. The Company will be the 
surviving corporation in the Merger (sometimes hereinafter referred to as
the  "SURVIVING CORPORATION") and will continue to be governed by the laws of
the  State of Delaware, and the separate corporate existence of the Company,
with  all its rights, privileges, immunities, powers and franchises, will
continue  unaffected by the Merger, except as set forth in Section 2.01(b).
The Merger  will have the effects specified in the DGCL.   (b) Certificate
of Incorporation. At the Effective Time, and without 
----------------------------  any further action on the part of Parent,
Merger Subsidiary or any holder of  any shares of capital stock of the
Company, the certificate of incorporation  of the Company as in effect at the
Effective Time shall be amended and  restated to read in its entirety the
same as the certificate of incorporation  of Merger Subsidiary as in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time  (the "CERTIFICATE OF
INCORPORATION"), until duly amended in accordance with  the terms thereof and
the DGCL.   (c) Bylaws. The bylaws of the Surviving Corporation (the
"BYLAWS") will  ------  be the bylaws of Merger Subsidiary as in effect
immediately prior to  the Effective Time, until duly amended in accordance
with the terms thereof  and the Certificate of Incorporation.   (d)
Directors. The directors of the Surviving Corporation will be the 
---------  directors of Merger Subsidiary immediately prior to the Effective
Time, and  such directors, together with any additional directors as may
thereafter be  elected, shall hold such office until such time as their
successors shall be  duly elected or appointed and qualified or until their
earlier death,  resignation or removal in accordance with the Certificate of
Incorporation  and the Bylaws.      -8-       (e) Officers. The
officers of the Surviving Corporation will be the  --------  officers of
Merger Subsidiary immediately prior to the Effective Time, and  such
officers, together with any additional officers as may thereafter be  elected
or appointed, shall hold such office until such time as their  successors
shall be duly elected or appointed and qualified or until their  earlier
death, resignation or removal in accordance with the Certificate of 
Incorporation and the Bylaws.   2.2 EFFECTIVE TIME. The Merger shall become
effective upon the filing, in the office of the Secretary of State of the
State of Delaware, of a certificate of merger in accordance with 251 of the
DGCL, or at such later date and time as may be set forth in such certificate.
Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article
VII, the parties shall use their reasonable best efforts to cause the Merger
to become effective (a) on a date that is not later than three Business Days
after the last of the conditions set forth in Article VII (other than
conditions that by their terms cannot be satisfied until the time of Closing)
shall have been satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement (or, at the election of Parent, on the last business day of the
month in which such day occurs) or (b) on such other date as the parties may
agree in writing.   2.3 CLOSING. The closing of the Merger (the "CLOSING")
shall take place at 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the date (the "CLOSING
DATE") when the Effective Time is intended to occur, at the offices of
Sullivan and Cromwell, 125 Broad Street, New York, New York, or at such other
time and place as the parties shall agree.   2.4 RESERVATION OF RIGHT TO
REVISE STRUCTURE. At Parent\'s election, the Merger may alternatively be
structured (a) so that the Company is merged with and into Merger Subsidiary
(with Merger Subsidiary surviving) or a directly or indirectly wholly owned
subsidiary of Parent other than Merger Subsidiary or (b) so that a directly
or indirectly wholly owned subsidiary of Parent other than Merger Subsidiary
is merged with and into the Company; provided, however, that no such change
shall (i) alter or change the amount or kind of the Merger Consideration or
alter or change adversely the treatment of the holders of Company Options or
(ii) materially impede or delay consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement. In the event Parent makes such an election, the parties
agree to execute an appropriate amendment to this Agreement in order to
reflect such election.   ARTICLE III   CONSIDERATION; EXCHANGE   3.1
Merger Consideration. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
at the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the
part of Parent, Merger Subsidiary or any holder of shares of capital stock of
the Company:   (a) Each share of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding
immediately  prior to the Effective Time (other than Dissenters\' Shares,
Treasury Shares  and shares held directly or indirectly by Parent, except
shares held by  Parent or any of its Subsidiaries in a fiduciary capacity or
in satisfaction  of a debt previously contracted) will      
-9-       be converted into the right to receive U.S. $24 in cash,
without interest  thereon (the "MERGER CONSIDERATION").   (b) Each share of
Company Common Stock that, immediately prior to the  Effective Time, is a
Treasury Share or is owned directly or indirectly by  Parent, except shares
held by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries in a  fiduciary capacity or in
satisfaction of a debt previously contracted, will  be canceled and retired
and will cease to exist, and no exchange or payment  will be made
therefor.   (c) At the Effective Time, each share of Common Stock, par value
$0.01 per  share, of Merger Subsidiary issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the  Effective Time shall be converted into one share of common
stock of the  Surviving Corporation.   3.2 RIGHTS AS STOCKHOLDERS; STOCK
TRANSFERS. At the Effective Time, holders of Company Common Stock (other than
Dissenters\' Shares) will cease to be, and will have no rights as,
stockholders of the Company, other than to receive (a) any dividend or other
distribution with respect to such Company Common Stock with a record date
occurring prior to the Effective Time and (b) the Merger Consideration
provided for in this Article III. After the Effective Time, there will be no
transfers on the stock transfer books of the Company or the
Surviving Corporation of shares of Company Common Stock (other than
Dissenters\' Shares, if applicable).   3.3 PAYMENT FOR SHARES. Parent shall
make available or cause to be made available to a bank appointed by Parent
(which shall be reasonably acceptable to the Company), as paying agent (the
"PAYING AGENT"), amounts sufficient in the aggregate to provide all funds
necessary for the Paying Agent to make payments of Merger Consideration to
holders of shares of Company Common Stock that were outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time. Promptly after the Effective Time, Parent shall
cause the Paying Agent to mail to each person who was, at the Effective Time,
a holder of record of outstanding shares of Company Common Stock a form of
letter of transmittal and instructions (which shall be mutually agreed to by
Parent and the Company) for use in effecting the surrender in exchange for
payment of the certificates that, immediately prior to the Effective Time,
represented any of such shares. Upon surrender to the Paying Agent of such
certificates, together with such letter of transmittal, duly executed and
completed in accordance with the instructions thereto, Parent shall promptly
cause the Paying Agent to pay to each person entitled thereto a check in the
amount to which such person is entitled, after giving effect to any required
United States federal, state or local tax withholdings. No interest will be
paid or will accrue on the amount payable upon the surrender of any
such certificate. If payment is to be made to a person other than the
registered holder of the certificate surrendered, it shall be a condition of
such payment that the certificate so surrendered be properly endorsed or
otherwise in proper form for transfer and that the person requesting such
payment pay any transfer or other similar taxes required by reason of the
payment to a person other than the registered holder of the certificate
surrendered or establish to the satisfaction of Parent or the Paying Agent
that such tax has been paid or is not applicable. One hundred and eighty days
following the Effective Time, Parent shall be entitled to cause the Paying
Agent to deliver to it any funds (including any interest received with
respect thereto) made available to the Paying Agent that have not been
disbursed to holders of certificates formerly representing shares of Company
Common Stock outstanding at the Effective Time, and thereafter such holders
shall       -10-    be entitled to look to Parent only as general
creditors thereof with respect to the cash payable upon due surrender of
their certificates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Paying Agent
nor any party hereto shall be liable to any holder of certificates formerly
representing shares of Company Common Stock for any amount paid to a
Governmental Authority or public official pursuant to any applicable
abandoned property, escheat or similar law.   3.4 DISSENTING STOCKHOLDERS.
Dissenters\' Shares shall be purchased and paid for in accordance with
Section 262 of the DGCL. The Company shall give Parent (a) prompt notice of
any written demands for fair value received by the Company, withdrawals of
such demands and any other related instruments served pursuant to the DGCL
and received by the Company and (b) the opportunity to direct
all negotiations and proceedings with respect to demands for fair value under
the DGCL. The Company shall not, except with the prior written consent of
Parent, voluntarily make any payment with respect to any demands for fair
value for Dissenters\' Shares or offer to settle, or settle, any such
demands.   3.5 OPTIONS; RESTRICTED STOCK. (a) Prior to the Effective Time,
the Company shall use reasonable best efforts to take such action as may be
necessary, including obtaining consents from option holders to the extent
required by the applicable Company Stock Plan or option award agreement, such
that immediately prior to the Effective Time, all Company Options shall be
fully vested and each holder of a Company Option shall be paid in full
satisfaction of such Company Option a cash payment in an amount in respect
thereof equal to the product of (i) the excess, if any, of the Merger
Consideration over the exercise price of such Company Option and (ii) the
number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to the Company Option, less
any income or employment tax withholding required under the Code or any
provision of state or local law.   (b) Prior to the Effective Time, the
Company shall use reasonable best efforts to take such action as may be
necessary such that immediately prior to the Effective Time, each restricted
stock award (other than Hill Thompson Magid L.P. restricted stock awards,
which shall be converted into a right to receive the Merger Consideration,
and shall continue to vest and be payable following the Effective Time in
accordance with their terms) granted pursuant to the 1996 Stock Option Plan
or 1998 Long-Term Incentive Plan or otherwise ("Company Restricted Stock")
shall become immediately and fully payable or distributable and the
restrictions thereon shall lapse and any performance targets shall be deemed
achieved in full.   ARTICLE IV   ACTIONS PENDING THE EFFECTIVE TIME  
4.1 FORBEARANCES OF THE COMPANY. Except as expressly contemplated by
this Agreement and the Stock Option Agreement or as Previously Disclosed,
without the prior written consent of Parent, during the period from the date
of this Agreement to the Effective Time, the Company will not, and will cause
each of its Subsidiaries not to:   (a) Ordinary Course. Conduct the
business of the Company and its  ---------------  Subsidiaries other than in
the ordinary and usual course consistent  with past practice, fail to use
reasonable best efforts consistent with  the terms and provisions of this
Agreement      -11-       to preserve intact its business
organizations, operations and assets and  maintain its rights, franchises and
existing relations with clients,  customers, suppliers, counterparties,
employees and business associates;  subject to the further restriction in
Section 4.01(m)(ii), engage in any  material new activities or lines of
business or make any material changes  to its existing activities or lines of
business; take any action which  would reasonably be expected to have a
material adverse effect upon the  Company\'s ability to perform any of its
material obligations under this  Agreement or the Stock Option Agreement;
conduct any Derivatives  activities (except for hedging transactions) that
would require an  exception from the Company\'s existing policy limits or a
change in its  existing risk parameters; conduct any convertible preferred
arbitrage  activities, enter into any additional transactions under the
tender option  bond program or take any action in respect of any existing or
new Tucker  Anthony Private Equity Fund (or similar funds), except as
specified in  Schedule 4.01(a).   (b) Capital Stock. Other than pursuant to
Rights Previously  -------------  Disclosed and outstanding on the date
hereof or pursuant to the Stock  Option Agreement, (i) issue, sell or
otherwise permit to become  outstanding, or authorize the creation of, any
additional shares of  capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or any Rights  in respect thereof, (ii) enter into any agreement with respect
to the  foregoing or (iii) permit any additional shares of capital stock of
the  Company or any of its Subsidiaries to become subject to new grants of 
employee or director stock options, other Rights or similar stock-based 
employee rights.   (c) Dividends, Etc. (i) Make, declare, pay or set aside
for payment  --------------  any dividend (other than dividends from wholly
owned Subsidiaries to  the Company or another wholly owned Subsidiary of the
Company and  regular quarterly cash dividends on the Company Common Stock, at
a rate  not exceeding U.S. $0.07 per share per calendar quarter, that are to
be  paid to stockholders of record of the Company on the dates specified in 
Schedule 4.01(c)) or other distribution (whether in stock, cash or  property)
on or in respect of, or declare or make any distribution on,  any shares of
capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries  or (ii) directly or
indirectly adjust, split, combine, redeem,  reclassify, purchase or otherwise
acquire any shares of its capital  stock.   (d) Compensation; Employment
Agreements; Etc. Enter into, amend, 
----------------------------------------  modify or renew any employment,
consulting, severance or similar  contract, agreement or arrangement or any
other agreement with any  director, officer or employee of the Company or any
of its  Subsidiaries, or grant any salary or wage increase or increase any 
employee benefit (including incentive or bonus payments), except (i)  for
changes that are required by applicable law, (ii) to satisfy  Previously
Disclosed contractual obligations existing as of the date  hereof, (iii) for
merit-based or annual salary increases in the  ordinary course of business
and in accordance with past practice or  (iv) for employment arrangements
for, or grants of awards to, newly  hired employees in the ordinary and usual
course of business consistent  with past practice, provided that total annual
guaranteed compensation  for such newly-hired employee shall not exceed U.S.
$500,000.   (e) Benefit Plans. Enter into, establish, adopt or amend or 
-------------  communicate any intention to take such action (except (i) as
may be  required by applicable law, (ii) to      -12-      
satisfy Previously Disclosed contractual obligations existing as of the  date
hereof or (iii) amendments that do not increase benefits or result in 
increased administrative costs) any pension, retirement, stock option,  stock
purchase, savings, profit sharing, deferred compensation,  consulting, bonus,
group insurance or other employee benefit, incentive or  welfare contract,
plan or arrangement, or any trust agreement (or similar  arrangement) related
thereto, in respect of any director, officer or  employee of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries, or take any action to  accelerate the vesting or
exercisability of stock options, restricted  stock or other compensation or
benefits payable thereunder.   (f) Dispositions. Except (i) as Previously
Disclosed or (ii) for sales of  ------------  securities or other
investments or assets in the ordinary and usual course  of business
consistent with past practice, sell, transfer, mortgage,  encumber or
otherwise dispose of or permit the creation of any Lien in  respect of or
discontinue any material amount of the Company\'s or any of  its
Subsidiaries\' assets, businesses or properties.   (g) Acquisitions. (i)
Except (A) as Previously Disclosed or (B) in  ------------  the ordinary and
usual course of business consistent with past  practice, acquire any assets,
business or properties of any other  entity; or (ii) acquire beneficial
ownership or control of 5% or more  of any class of voting securities of a
person, 25% or more of any class  of securities of a person or 25% or more of
the total equity of a  person; provided that the cost of any acquisition
described in each of  (i) and (ii) shall not exceed $1 million and the
aggregate cost of all  such acquisitions shall not exceed $3 million.   (h)
Constitutive Documents. Amend the Constitutive Documents of the 
----------------------  Company or any of its Subsidiaries.   (i)
Accounting Methods. Implement or adopt any change in the 
------------------  accounting principles, practices or methods of the
Company or any of  its Subsidiaries, other than as may be required by
GAAP.   (j) Tax Matters. Make or change any material Tax election, change 
-----------  any method of Tax accounting, file any income Tax Return, settle
any  audit, examination or deficiency Litigation with respect to a material 
amount of Taxes, request any private letter or similar Tax ruling or  enter
into any closing agreement with any taxing authority with respect  to a
material amount of Taxes; provided, however, that the Company may  change a
method of tax accounting if it obtains the prior written  consent of Parent
(which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld and  shall be granted if
such change is required by a change in applicable  law).   (k) Contracts.
Enter into or terminate any Contract or amend or modify in  ---------  any
material respect any existing Contract of the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries where the amount payable by the Company or its Subsidiary  under
such Contract, individually or in the aggregate for all amounts  payable
under such Contract, exceeds $500,000.   (l) Claims. Settle any claim,
action or proceeding, except for any claim,  ------  action or proceeding
involving solely money damages in an amount,  individually and in the
aggregate for all such settlements, not more than  U.S. $250,000 and which
would not      -13-       reasonably be expected to establish an
adverse precedent or basis for  subsequent settlements or require material
changes in business practices.   (m) Adverse Actions. (i) Knowingly take any
action that would  ---------------  reasonably be expected to (x) result in
any of the Company\'s  representations or warranties set forth in this
Agreement (subject to  the standard set forth in Section 5.02) or the Stock
Option Agreement  being or becoming untrue at any time at or prior to the
Effective Time  or (y) result in any of the conditions to the Merger set
forth in  Article VII not being satisfied except, in each case, as may be 
required by applicable law, or (ii) engage in any new line of business  or
make any acquisition that would not be permissible for a United  States
financial holding company (as defined in the Bank Holding  Company Act of
1956, as amended) or would subject Parent, the Company  or any Subsidiary of
either to material regulation by a Governmental  Authority that does not
presently regulate such company or to  regulation by a Governmental Authority
that is materially different  from current regulation of such person by such
Governmental Authority.   (n) Indebtedness. Incur any indebtedness for
borrowed money other  ------------  than in the ordinary and usual course of
business consistent with past  practice.   (o) Fund Action. Except as and
to the extent required, based upon the  -----------  written advice of
outside counsel, in the exercise of the fiduciary  obligations of the Company
or one of its Subsidiaries to any Investment  Company, request that any
action be taken by any Fund Board, other than  (i) routine actions that could
not, individually or in the aggregate,  reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company  or any Investment Company or (ii)
actions Previously Disclosed.   (p) Organizational Structure. Subject to
Section 6.15, make any  ------------------------  significant change in the
organizational structure of the Company and  its Subsidiaries as of the date
of this Agreement, including, but not  limited to, a merger or consolidation
of Tucker Anthony Incorporated  and Sutro and Co. Inc.   (q) Commitments.
Agree, commit to or enter into any agreement to  -----------  take any of
the actions referred to in Section 4.01 (a) through (p).   4.2 FORBEARANCES
OF PARENT. Except as expressly contemplated by this Agreement and the Stock
Option Agreement, without the prior written consent of the Company, Parent
will not, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries not to, knowingly take any
action which could reasonably be expected to result in (a) any of its
representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement (subject to the
standard set forth in Section 5.02) or the Stock Option Agreement being or
becoming untrue in any material respect at any time at or prior to
the Effective Time or (b) any of the conditions to the Merger set forth in
Article VII not being satisfied, except, in each case, as may be expressly
required by applicable law.      -14-       ARTICLE V  
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES   5.1 DISCLOSURE SCHEDULES. On or prior to
the date hereof, the Company has delivered to Parent, and Parent has
delivered to the Company, a schedule (respectively, its "DISCLOSURE
SCHEDULE") setting forth, among other things, items the disclosure of which
is necessary or appropriate (subject to the standard set forth in Section
5.02) either (a) in response to an express informational requirement
contained in or requested by a provision hereof or (b) as an exception to one
or more representations or warranties contained in Section 5.03 or 5.04,
respectively, or to one or more of its covenants contained in Article IV;
PROVIDED that the mere inclusion of an item in a Disclosure Schedule as an
exception to a representation or warranty shall not be deemed an admission by
the disclosing party that such item (or any undisclosed item or information
of comparable or greater significance) represents a material exception or
fact, event or circumstance with respect to the Company or
Parent, respectively. Information set forth in a Disclosure Schedule, whether
in response to an express informational requirement or as an exception to one
or more representations or warranties or one or more covenants, in each case
that is contained in a correspondingly enumerated section of such
Disclosure Schedule, is described in this Agreement as "PREVIOUSLY DISCLOSED
" and each of Parent and the Company hereby represents and warrants that such
information is true and correct.   5.2 STANDARD. No disclosure contemplated
by Section 5.01 or representation or warranty of the Company or Parent
contained in Section 5.03 (other than Sections 5.03(b), 5.03(c)(i) (the
first, third, fourth and fifth sentences thereof), 5.03(e) and 5.03(i)) or
5.04 (other than Sections 5.04(b) and 5.04(e)) shall be deemed untrue or
incorrect for any purpose under this Agreement, and no party hereto shall be
deemed to have breached a particular representation or warranty or to have
made any misrepresentation, as a consequence of the existence of any fact,
event, or circumstance that should have been disclosed as an exception to a
particular representation or warranty, unless such fact, event or
circumstance, whether individually or taken together with all other
facts, events or circumstances that should have been but were not so
disclosed (whether or not as exceptions) with respect to any such particular
representation or warranty contained in Section 5.03 or 5.04, results or
would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect with
respect to the Company, in the case of Section 5.03, or Parent, in the case
of Section 5.04, or would materially impair the ability of the parties hereto
to consummate the Merger in a timely manner.   5.3 REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY. Except as Previously Disclosed in a section of its
Disclosure Schedule corresponding to the relevant paragraph below, the
Company hereby represents and warrants to Parent and Merger Subsidiary as
follows:   (a) Organization, Standing and Authority. The Company has been
duly  ------------------------------------  incorporated and is an existing
corporation in good standing under the  laws of the State of Delaware. The
Company is duly qualified to do  business and is in good standing in the
states of the United States and  each foreign jurisdiction where its
ownership or leasing of property or  the conduct of its business requires it
to be so qualified. Each of  the Company and its Subsidiaries has in effect
all federal, state,  local and foreign      -15-      
governmental authorizations necessary for it to own or lease its  properties
and assets and to carry on its business as it is now conducted.   (b)
Capital Stock. As of the date of this Agreement, the Company has 
-------------  (i) 60,000,000 authorized shares of Company Common Stock, of
which  25,058,212 shares were outstanding as of the close of business on 
July 30, 2001 (which number includes shares of restricted stock  described in
Section 5.03(b) of the Company\'s Disclosure Schedule),  provided that the
only changes in the outstanding shares of Company  Common Stock from such
date to the date hereof are as a result of the  exercise of options, and no
shares are held as Treasury Shares as of  the date hereof and (ii) 1,000,000
authorized shares of Preferred  Stock, par value $.01 per share, no shares of
which are issued or  outstanding. All of the outstanding shares of Company
Common Stock  have been duly authorized and are validly issued, fully paid
and  nonassessable, and have not been issued in violation of any preemptive 
rights. Set forth on the Company\'s Disclosure Schedule is a list of  each
Compensation and Benefit Plan under which any shares of capital  stock of the
Company or any Rights with respect thereto have been or  may be awarded or
issued ("Company Stock Plans"). As of the close of  business on July 30,
2001, the Company had outstanding Company Options  representing the right to
acquire 2,577,067 shares of Company Common  Stock, provided that the only
changes in outstanding Company Options  from such date to the date hereof are
as a result of the exercise of  options. Except as described in the
immediately preceding sentence,  the Company has no Company Common Stock
authorized for issuance  pursuant to any Company Stock Plans. Except as
described in this  Section 5.03(b) and except for a maximum of 130,000 shares
of Common  Stock issuable under Rights described in the Company\'s
Disclosure  Schedule, there are no outstanding Rights of any kind with
respect to  the Company, and no securities or obligations evidencing such
Rights  are authorized, issued or outstanding. The shares of Company Common 
Stock issuable pursuant to the Stock Option Agreement have been duly 
authorized for issuance by the Company and, upon any issuance of such  shares
in accordance with the terms of the Stock Option Agreement, such  shares will
be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and  nonassessable and free
and clear of any Liens. The Company does not  have outstanding any bonds,
debentures, notes or other obligations the  holders of which have the right
to vote (or which are convertible into  or exercisable for securities having
the right to vote) with the  stockholders of the Company on any matter.  
(c) Subsidiaries. (i) Exhibit 21 to the Company\'s Annual Report on 
------------  Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000 includes
all the  Subsidiaries of the Company which as of the date hereof are
Significant  Subsidiaries. The Company has Previously Disclosed a list of all
its  Subsidiaries, including the states in which such Subsidiaries are 
organized, a brief description of such Subsidiaries\' principal  activities
and if any of such Subsidiaries is not wholly owned by the  Company or one of
its Subsidiaries, the percentage owned by the Company  or any such Subsidiary
and the names and percentage ownership by any  other person. No equity
securities of any of the Company\'s  Subsidiaries are or may become required
to be issued (other than to the  Company or a wholly owned Subsidiary of the
Company) by reason of any  Rights with respect thereto. There are no
Contracts by which any of  the Company\'s Subsidiaries is or     
-16-       may be bound to sell or otherwise issue any shares of its
capital stock,  and there are no Contracts relating to the rights of the
Company to vote  or to dispose of such shares. All of the shares of capital
stock of each  of the Company\'s Subsidiaries are fully paid and
nonassessable and subject  to no Rights and, except as Previously Disclosed,
are owned by the Company  or a Company Subsidiary free and clear of any
Liens. Each of the Company\'s  Subsidiaries is in good standing under the
laws of the jurisdiction in  which it is organized, and is duly qualified to
do business and in good  standing in each jurisdiction where its ownership or
leasing of property  or the conduct of its business requires it to be so
qualified.   (ii) The Company has Previously Disclosed, as of the date
hereof, a list  of all equity securities it or any of its Subsidiaries holds
that amount  to, in the aggregate, beneficial ownership or control by the
Company or  any such Subsidiary of 5% or more of any class of the issuer\'s
voting  securities, 25% or more of any class of the issuer\'s securities or
25% or  more of the issuer\'s total equity, including a description of any
such  issuer and the percentage of the issuer\'s voting and/or non-voting 
securities and, as of the Effective Time, no additional persons would need 
to be included on such a list. The Company has Previously Disclosed a  list,
as of the date hereof, of all partnerships, limited liability  companies,
joint ventures or similar entities in which it owns or controls  an equity,
partnership or membership interest, directly or indirectly, and  the nature
and amount of each such interest and as of the Effective Time  no additional
persons would need to be included on such list; it being  understood and
agreed that the foregoing shall not require the disclosure  prior to the date
hereof of investment partnerships in which the Company  or any Subsidiary has
a less than 5% equity interest, provided that any  such equity interest shall
be disclosed to Parent in accordance with  Section 6.08.   (d) Corporate
Power. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has the  ---------------- 
corporate power and authority to carry on its business as it is now being 
conducted and to own or lease all its properties and assets. The Company  has
made available to Parent a brief description of each line of business  in
which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is engaged.   (e) Corporate
Authority and Action. (i) The Company has the 
------------------------------  requisite corporate power and authority, and
has taken all corporate  action necessary, in order to authorize the
execution and delivery of,  and the performance of its obligations under,
this Agreement and the  Stock Option Agreement and, subject only to obtaining
the requisite  adoption of this Agreement by the holders of a majority of the
shares  of Company Common Stock entitled to vote at the Company Stockholder 
Meeting (the "Company Requisite Vote"), to adopt the plan of merger 
contained in this Agreement and, in accordance therewith, to consummate  the
Merger. Each of this Agreement, the Stock Option Agreement and  each
Employment Agreement constitutes the valid and legally binding  agreement of
the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance  with its terms,
subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,  moratorium, fraudulent
transfer and similar laws of general  applicability relating to or affecting
creditors\' rights and to general  equity principles (the "BANKRUPTCY AND
EQUITY EXCEPTION").   (ii) The Company has taken all action necessary in
order to exempt this       -17-      Agreement, the Stock Option
Agreement, the Voting Agreement and the Merger  and the other transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby from, and this  Agreement, the Stock Option
Agreement, the Voting Agreement and the Merger  and the other transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby are exempt  from, (x) the requirements of any
"moratorium," "control share," "fair  price" or other antitakeover laws and
regulations of the State of  Delaware, including Section 203 of the DGCL, and
of any other state and  (y) any other applicable provisions of the Company\'s
Constitutive  Documents.   (f) Governmental Filings; No Violations. Other
than those (i)  -----------------------------------  referred to in Section
2.02, (ii) under the HSR Act, the Exchange Act  and the Securities Act, (iii)
required to be made with Self-Regulatory  Organizations and Governmental
Authorities regulating brokers, dealers,  investment advisers, investment
companies, banks, trust companies and  insurance companies, (iv) required to
be made pursuant to state  insurance or banking and trust company
regulations, including Section  383:9-h of the New Hampshire Revised Statutes
and (v) such other  filings and/or notices set forth in the Company\'s
Disclosure Schedule,  no notices, reports, applications or other filings are
required to be  made by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with, nor are
any  consents, registrations, approvals, permits or authorizations required 
to be obtained by any of them from, any Governmental Authority in  connection
with the execution and delivery of, and the performance of  its obligations
under, this Agreement and the Stock Option Agreement by  the Company and the
consummation by the Company of the Merger and the  other transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby. Subject, in the  case of clause (A) below,
to obtaining the Company Requisite Vote and  the making or obtaining of all
filings, notices, applications,  consents, registrations, approvals, permits
or authorizations with or  of any relevant Governmental Authority with
respect to the Merger and  the other transactions contemplated hereby and by
the Stock Option  Agreement, the execution, delivery and performance by the
Company of  this Agreement and the Stock Option Agreement and the
consummation by  the Company of the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated  hereby and thereby do not and will not (A) constitute a breach
or  violation of, or a default under, or cause or allow the acceleration or 
creation of a Lien (with or without the giving of notice, passage of  time or
both) pursuant to, any law, rule or regulation or any judgment,  decree,
order, governmental or non-governmental permit or license, or  any Contract
of it or of any of its Subsidiaries or to which the  Company or any of the
Company\'s Subsidiaries or its or their properties  is subject or bound or
(B) constitute a breach or violation of, or a  default under, the
Constitutive Documents of the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries or (C)
require any consent or approval under any such law,  rule, regulation,
judgment, decree, order, governmental or  non-governmental permit or license
or the consent or approval of any  other party to any such Contract.   (g)
Reports. The Company and its Subsidiaries have timely filed all  ------- 
reports, registrations, statements and other filings, together with any 
amendments required to be made with respect thereto, that were required  to
be filed since December 31, 1997 with (i) the SEC or the CFTC, (ii)  any
applicable federal, state, local or foreign Governmental  Authorities or
(iii) any Self-Regulatory Organization (all such reports  and statements,
including the financial statements, exhibits and  schedules thereto, being
collectively referred to herein as the  "REPORTS"), including without
limitation, all reports,      -18-       registrations, statements
and filings required under the Securities Laws.  Each of the Reports complied
with the statutes, rules, regulations and  orders enforced or promulgated by
the Governmental Authority with which  they were filed and did not contain
any untrue statement of a material  fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or  necessary to make the statements therein,
in the light of the  circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading.   (h) Company SEC Documents and Financial Statements. (i) The
Company  ----------------------------------------------  has made available
to Parent copies of each registration statement,  offering circular, report,
definitive proxy statement or information  statement under the federal
Securities Laws filed, used or circulated  by it or any of its Subsidiaries
with respect to periods from January  26, 1998 through the date of this
Agreement and will promptly make  available each such registration statement,
offering circular, report,  definitive proxy statement or information
statement filed, used or  circulated after the date hereof (collectively, the
"Company SEC  Documents"), each in the form (including exhibits and any
amendments  thereto) filed with the SEC (or if not so filed, in the form used
or  circulated). As of their respective dates (giving effect to any 
amendments or modifications if filed on or prior to the date of this 
Agreement), each of the Company SEC Documents, including the financial 
statements, exhibits and schedules thereto, filed, used or circulated  prior
to the date hereof complied (and each of the Company SEC  Documents filed
after the date of this Agreement, will comply) as to  form with applicable
Securities Laws and did not (or, in the case of  reports, statements or
circulars filed after the date of this  Agreement, will not) as of its date
of filing or mailing to  stockholders contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to  state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to  make the statements made therein, in the light of the
circumstances  under which they were made, not misleading.   (ii) Each of
the Company\'s consolidated statements of financial condition  or balance
sheets included in or incorporated by reference into the  Company SEC
Documents, including the related notes and schedules, fairly  presented (or,
in the case of Company SEC Documents filed after the date  of this Agreement,
will fairly present) in all material respects the  consolidated financial
position of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of  the date of such
statement of financial condition or balance sheet and  each of the
consolidated statements of income, cash flows and  stockholders\' equity
included in or incorporated by reference into Company  SEC Documents,
including any related notes and schedules (collectively,  the foregoing
financial statements and related notes and schedules are  referred to as the
"Company Financial Statements"), fairly presented (or,  in the case of those
contained in Company SEC Documents filed after the  date of this Agreement,
will fairly present) in all material respects the  consolidated results of
operations, cash flows and stockholders\' equity,  as the case may be, of the
Company and its Subsidiaries for the periods  set forth therein (subject, in
the case of unaudited statements, to normal  year-end audit adjustments), in
each case in accordance with GAAP  consistently applied during the periods
involved (except as may be noted  therein and except, in the case of
unaudited statements, for the absence  of notes).   (i) Absence of
Undisclosed Liabilities. Except as disclosed in the Company 
----------------------------------  Financial Statements or the Company SEC
Documents filed prior to the date  hereof, none       -19-      
of the Company or its Subsidiaries has any obligation or  liability
(contingent or otherwise) that, individually or in the  aggregate, would
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect  on the Company.  
(j) Absence of Certain Changes. Except as expressly contemplated by 
--------------------------  this Agreement or the Stock Option Agreement or
the transactions  contemplated hereby or thereby and except as disclosed in
the Company  SEC Documents filed prior to the date hereof, since December 31,
2000,  the Company and its Subsidiaries have conducted their business only
in  the ordinary and usual course consistent with past practice, and there 
has not been (i) any Material Adverse Effect on the Company or, to the 
knowledge of the Company, any development or combination of  developments
which would reasonably be expected to have a Material  Adverse Effect on the
Company, (ii) any declaration, setting aside or  payment of any dividend or
other distribution (whether in cash, stock  or property) with respect to any
of the Company\'s capital stock, other  than regular quarterly cash dividends
of from U.S. $0.05 per share to  U.S. $0.07 per share on the Company\'s
Common Stock, (iii) any split,  dividend, combination, recapitalization or
similar transaction with  respect to any of the Company\'s capital stock or
any issuance or the  authorization of any issuance of any other securities in
respect of, in  lieu of or in substitution for shares of the Company\'s
capital stock,  except for issuances of Company Common Stock upon the
exercise of  Company Options awarded prior to the date hereof in accordance
with  their terms or issuances of Company Common Stock pursuant to payroll 
deductions or employee contributions made on or prior to the date  hereof
under the Company\'s Employee Stock Purchase Plan for the  Employees of Hill
Thompson Magid L.P. and the Company\'s 1998 Employee  Stock Purchase Plan
(together, the "ESPPs"), (iv) (A) any granting by  the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries to any current or former  director, executive officer or other
key employee of the Company or its  Subsidiaries of any increase in
compensation, bonus or other benefits,  except for normal increases in the
ordinary and usual course of  business and consistent with past practice or
as was required under any  employment agreement in effect as of June 30,
2001, (B) any granting by  the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any such
current or former  director, executive officer or key employee of any
increase in  severance or termination pay, except in the ordinary and usual
course  of business and consistent with past practice, or (C) any entry by
the  Company or any of its Subsidiaries into, or any amendments of, any 
Compensation and Benefit Plan, other than in the ordinary and usual  course
of business and consistent with past practice, (v) except as  required by a
change in GAAP, any change in accounting methods,  principles or practices by
the Company materially affecting its assets,  liabilities or business or (vi)
any tax election that would be material  to the Company or any of its tax
attributes or any settlement or  compromise of any material income tax
liability.   (k) Properties; Securities. Except as specifically reserved
against  ----------------------  or otherwise disclosed in the Company
Financial Statements and except  for those properties and assets that have
been sold or otherwise  disposed of in the ordinary and usual course of
business consistent  with past practice, the Company and its Subsidiaries
have good and  marketable title, free and clear of all Liens, to all of the
properties  and assets, tangible and intangible, reflected in the Company
Financial  Statements as being owned by the Company or its      
-20-       Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof. The Company and its
Subsidiaries do  not, directly or indirectly, control any real property not
used in the  ordinary and usual course of their respective businesses. All
buildings  and all fixtures, equipment, and other property and assets which
are held  under leases or subleases by any of the Company or its Subsidiaries
are  held under valid leases or subleases enforceable in accordance with
their  respective terms. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has good
and  marketable title to all securities held by it (except securities sold 
under repurchase agreements or held in any fiduciary or agency capacity), 
free and clear of any Lien, except to the extent such securities are  pledged
in the ordinary and usual course of business consistent with  prudent
business practices to secure obligations of the Company or any of  its
Subsidiaries. Such securities are properly valued on the books of the 
Company or its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP.   (l) Litigation;
Regulatory Action. Except as Previously Disclosed or 
-----------------------------  disclosed in the Company SEC Documents filed
before the date of this  Agreement, no litigation, proceeding, investigation
or controversy  ("Litigation") before any court, arbitrator, mediator or
Governmental  Authority is pending against or involves the Company or any of
its  Subsidiaries, and, to the Company\'s knowledge, no such Litigation has 
been threatened; neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or 
properties is a party to or is subject to any order, decree, agreement, 
memorandum of understanding or similar arrangement with, or a  commitment
letter or similar submission to, any Governmental Authority  (including the
SEC, the CFTC and the Federal Trade Commission) or  Self-Regulatory
Organization charged with the supervision or regulation  of broker-dealers,
securities underwriting or trading, stock exchanges,  commodities exchanges,
investment companies, investment advisers or  insurance agents and brokers or
the supervision or regulation of the  Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
any of the other businesses they  conduct; and neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries has been  notified by or received another communication from
any such  Governmental Authority or Self-Regulating Organization to the
effect  that such Governmental Authority or Self-Regulatory Organization is 
contemplating issuing or requesting (or is considering the  appropriateness
of issuing or requesting) any such order, decree,  agreement, memorandum of
understanding, commitment letter or similar  submission. Previously Disclosed
is a true and complete list, as of  the date hereof, of all Litigation
pending or, to the Company\'s  knowledge, threatened arising out of any state
of facts relating to the  sale of investment, insurance or hedging products
by the Company, its  Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, its
employees or any  employees of its Subsidiaries (including, without
limitation, equity or  debt securities, mutual funds, insurance contracts,
annuities,  partnership and limited partnership interests, interests in
real  estate, investment banking services, securities underwritings in
which  the Company or any of its Subsidiaries was a manager, co-manager, 
syndicate member or distributor, derivatives contracts or structured 
notes).   (m) Compliance with Laws. Each of the Company and its
Subsidiaries,  --------------------  and, to the knowledge of the Company,
their respective officers and  employees:   (i) in the conduct of business,
including its sales and marketing  practices, is in compliance with all
applicable federal, state, local  and foreign      -21-      
statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments,  suitability
requirements, orders or decrees applicable thereto or to  the employees
conducting such businesses, and with the applicable  rules of all Self-
Regulatory Organizations to which it is subject;   (ii) has all permits,
licenses, authorizations, orders and  approvals of, and has made or obtained
all filings, notices,  applications, consents, registrations, approvals,
permits or  authorizations with, to or of all Governmental Authorities and 
Self-Regulatory Organizations that are required in order to permit it  to own
and operate its businesses as presently conducted; all such  permits,
licenses, authorizations, orders and approvals are in full  force and effect
and, to the Company\'s knowledge, no suspension or  cancellation of any of
them is threatened or reasonably likely; and  all such filings, applications
and registrations are current;   (iii) has, since December 31, 1998,
received no written  notification or, to the knowledge of the Company, other
communication  from any Governmental Authority or Self-Regulatory
Organization (A)  asserting that it is not in compliance with any of the
statutes,  rules, regulations, or ordinances which such Governmental
Authority or  Self-Regulatory Organization enforces, or has otherwise engaged
in any  unlawful business practice, (B) threatening to revoke any license, 
franchise, permit, seat on any stock or commodities exchange, or 
governmental authorization, (C) requiring it (including any of its  directors
or controlling persons) to enter into any order, decree,  agreement,
memorandum of understanding or similar arrangement (or  requiring the board
of directors thereof to adopt any resolution or  policy) or (D) restricting
or disqualifying the activities of the  Company or any of its Subsidiaries
(except for restrictions generally  imposed by rule, regulation or
administrative policy on brokers,  dealers or investment advisers
generally);   (iv) is not aware of any pending or threatened
investigation,  review or disciplinary proceedings by any Governmental
Authority or  Self-Regulatory Organization against the Company, any of its 
Subsidiaries or any officer, director or employee thereof (including  any
investigations, reviews or proceedings relating to sales or  marketing
practices);   (v) is not, nor is any Affiliate of it, subject to a
"statutory  disqualification" as defined in Section 3(a)(39) of the Exchange
Act  and is not subject to a disqualification that would be a basis for 
censure, limitations on the activities, functions or operations of, or 
suspension or revocation of the registration of any broker-dealer  Subsidiary
as a broker-dealer, municipal securities dealer, government  securities
broker or government securities dealer under Section 15,  Section 15B or
Section 15C of the Exchange Act, and there is no  reasonable basis for, nor
has the Company been notified of, any  proceeding or investigation, whether
preliminary or otherwise, that  would reasonably be expected to result in,
any such censure,  limitations, suspension or revocation;     
-22-       (vi) is not required to be registered as an investment
company  under the Investment Company Act;   (vii) is not acting as the
"sponsor" of a "broker-dealer trading  program", as such terms are defined in
Rule 17a-23 under the Exchange  Act; and   (viii) in the conduct of its
business with respect to employee  benefit plans subject to Title I of ERISA,
it has not (A) breached any  applicable fiduciary duty under Part 4 of Title
I of ERISA which,  individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be
expected to  subject it to material liability under Sections 405 or 409 of
ERISA,  (B) engaged in a "prohibited transaction" within the meaning of 
Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975(c) of the Code which,  individually or
in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to  subject it to material
liability or Taxes under Sections 409 or 502(i)  of ERISA or Section 4975(a)
of the Code or (C) engaged in any conduct  that would constitute a crime or
violation listed in Section 411 of  ERISA which would reasonably be expected
to preclude the Company from  providing services to any such plan.   (n)
Clients. (i) The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with 
-------  the terms of each Contract with each Client, and each such Contract
is in  full force and effect with respect to the applicable Client. There are
no  material disputes pending or threatened with any Client or with any
former  Client. The Company has made available to Parent true and complete
copies  of all material agreements with any Clients.   (ii) The Company has
Previously Disclosed a list of each investment  advisory Client that is
subject to regulation as an investment company  under the Investment Company
Act.   (iii) Each extension of credit by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries  to any Client is in compliance with Federal Reserve Board
Regulation T or  any substantially similar regulation of any Governmental
Authority.   (o) Registrations. (i) The Company, each of its Subsidiaries
and  -------------  each of its or their officers and employees who are
required to be  registered as a broker-dealer, an investment adviser, a
registered  representative, an insurance agent, a commodity trading adviser,
a  commodity pool operator, a futures commission merchant, an introducing 
broker, a transfer agent or a sales person (or in a similar capacity)  under
any United States federal, state, local or foreign statutes,  laws, rules or
regulations, including with the SEC, the CFTC, the  securities commission or
similar authority or insurance authority of  any state or foreign
jurisdiction or any Self-Regulatory Organization,  are duly registered as
such and such registrations are in full force  and effect. All United States
federal, state, local and foreign  registration requirements have been
complied with by the Company and  each of its Subsidiaries and such
registrations as currently filed, and  all periodic reports required to be
filed with respect thereto, are  accurate and complete. The Company has
Previously Disclosed a list of  all Governmental Authorities and/or Self-
Regulatory Organizations to  which the Company and each of its Subsidiaries
are subject, identifying  which entities are subject to which Governmental
Authorities and  Self-Regulatory      -23-       Organizations,
and a list of all material licenses granted to such entities  by each such
Governmental Authority or Self-Regulatory Organization.   (ii) The Company
has made available to Parent true and correct copies of  (A) each Form
G-37/G-38 filed with the MSRB since January 1, 1999 and (B)  all records
required to be kept by the Company under Rule G-8(a)(xvi) of  the MSRB.
Except as set forth in the foregoing, since January 1, 1999,  there have been
no contributions or payments, and there is no other  information, that would
be required to be disclosed by the Company or any  of the Company\'s
Subsidiaries on any such form or recorded by the Company  or any such
Subsidiary pursuant to such rule.   (p) Environmental Matters. The Company
and its Subsidiaries have  ---------------------  complied at all times with
applicable Environmental Laws and have not  owned or operated any property
(including buildings and any other  structures) or been deemed to have owned
or operated any such property  under any Environmental Law; and no property
in which the Company or  any of its Subsidiaries has had a Lien (whether as
fiduciary or  otherwise) has been contaminated with, or has had any release
of, any  Hazardous Substance in such form or substance so as to create any 
liability for the Company or its Subsidiaries; the Company is not  subject to
liability for any Hazardous Substance disposal or  contamination on any other
third-party property; the Company and its  Subsidiaries have not received any
notice, demand letter, claim or  request for information alleging any
violation of, or liability of the  Company under, any Environmental Law; the
Company and its Subsidiaries  are not subject to any order, decree,
injunction or other agreement  with any Governmental Authority or any third
party relating to any  Environmental Law; the Company and its Subsidiaries
are not aware of  any reasonably likely liability relating to environmental
circumstances  or conditions (including the presence of asbestos, underground
storage  tanks, lead products or polychlorinated biphenyls) involving the 
Company or one of its Subsidiaries, any currently or formerly owned or 
operated property (whether as fiduciary or otherwise) or any reasonably 
likely liability related to any Lien held by the Company or one of its 
Subsidiaries; and the Company has made available to Parent copies of  all
environmental reports, studies, sampling data, correspondence,  filings and
other environmental information in its possession relating  to the Company or
its Subsidiaries, or any currently or formerly owned  or operated property or
any property in which the Company or one of its  Subsidiaries (whether as
fiduciary or otherwise) has held a Lien.   (q) No Brokers. None of the
Company or its Subsidiaries, or any of  ----------  their directors,
officers or employees, has employed any broker or  finder, or incurred any
broker\'s or finder\'s commissions or fees, in  connection with the Merger or
the other transactions contemplated by  this Agreement or the Stock Option
Agreement, except that the Company  has engaged Goldman, Sachs and Co. as its
financial adviser, the  arrangements with which (including fees) have been
previously discussed  with Parent.   (r) Compensation and Benefit Plans.
(i) The Company has Previously  ------------------------------  Disclosed a
complete list of all benefit and compensation plans,  contracts, policies or
arrangements covering current or former  employees of the Company or its
Subsidiaries (the "EMPLOYEES") and  current or former directors of the
Company or its Subsidiaries,      -24-       including, but not
limited to, "employee benefit plans" within the  meaning of Section 3(3) of
ERISA, and bonus, deferred compensation,  pension, retirement, profit-
sharing, thrift, savings, severance,  employee stock ownership, stock bonus,
stock purchase, restricted stock  and stock option plans, all employment or
severance contracts (other  than offer letters to employees which
individually provide for total  annual compensation to an employee of less
than $250,000), all medical,  dental, health and life insurance plans and all
other employee benefit  plans, contracts or arrangements (the "COMPENSATION
AND BENEFIT  PLANS"). True and complete copies of all Compensation and
Benefit  Plans, including, but not limited to, any trust instruments and/or 
insurance contracts, if any, forming a part thereof, and all amendments 
thereto have been made available to Parent.   (ii) All Compensation and
Benefit Plans have been operated in accordance  with their terms and are in
substantial compliance with all applicable  law. Each Compensation and
Benefit Plan which is an "employee pension  benefit plan" within the meaning
of Section 3(2) of ERISA ("PENSION PLAN")  and which is intended to be
qualified, under Section 401(a) of the Code,  has received a favorable
determination letter from the IRS, and the  Company is not aware of any
circumstances which could reasonably be  expected to result in the revocation
or denial of any such favorable  determination letter or the loss of the
qualification of such Plan under  Section 401(a) of the Code. There is no
pending or, to the knowledge of  the Company, threatened litigation relating
to the Compensation and  Benefit Plans. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries has engaged  in a transaction with respect to any Compensation
and Benefit Plan that,  assuming the taxable period of such transaction
expired as of the date  hereof, could reasonably be expected to subject the
Company or any of its  Subsidiaries to a tax or penalty imposed by either
Section 4975 of the  Code or Section 502(i) of ERISA in an amount that would
be material.   (iii) No liability under Subtitle C or D of Title IV of ERISA
has been or  could reasonably be expected to be incurred by the Company or
any of its  Subsidiaries with respect to any ongoing, frozen or terminated 
"single-employer plan", within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(15) of  ERISA,
currently or formerly maintained by any of them, or the  single-employer plan
of any entity which is considered one employer with  the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries under Section 4001 of ERISA or  Section 414 of the Code (an
"ERISA AFFILIATE"). Neither the Company nor  any of its Subsidiaries
presently contributes to a "multiemployer plan"  within the meaning of
Section 3(37) of ERISA, nor have they contributed to  such a plan within the
past six calendar years. No notice of a "reportable  event", within the
meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA for which the 30-day  reporting requirement
has not been waived, other than pursuant to PBGC  Reg. Section 4043.66, has
been required to be filed for any Pension Plan  or by any ERISA Affiliate
within the 12-month period ending on the date  hereof.   (iv) All
contributions required to be made under the terms of any  Compensation and
Benefit Plan have been timely made or have been reflected  on the Company
Financial Statements. Neither any Pension Plan nor any  single-employer plan
of an ERISA Affiliate has an "accumulated funding  deficiency" (whether or
not waived) within the meaning of Section 412 of  the Code or Section 302 of
ERISA and no ERISA Affiliate has an outstanding  funding waiver. Neither the
Company nor any of its      -25-        Subsidiaries has provided,
or is required to provide, security to any  Pension Plan or to any single-
employer plan of an ERISA Affiliate pursuant  to Section 401(a)(29) of the
Code.   (v) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any
obligations for  post-termination health and life benefits other than as
required by Part 6  of Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA. There are no
restrictions on the rights  of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to
amend or terminate any such  post-termination health and life arrangement
without incurring any  liability thereunder.   (vi) Neither the Company nor
any entity which is considered one employer  with the Company under Section
4001 of ERISA or Section 414 of the Code  maintains any plan which is subject
to Title IV of ERISA.   (vii) Except as Previously Disclosed, there has been
no amendment to,  announcement by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
relating to, or  change in employee participation or coverage under, any
Compensation and  Benefit Plan which would increase materially the expense of
maintaining  such Plan above the level of the expense incurred therefor for
the most  recent fiscal year. Neither the execution and delivery of this
Agreement  or the Stock Option Agreement nor the consummation of the
transactions  contemplated hereby or thereby will (A) result in any payment
(including,  without limitation, severance, unemployment compensation, golden
parachute  or otherwise) becoming due to any director of the Company or any
of its  Subsidiaries or to any Employee under any Compensation and Benefit
Plan or  otherwise from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (B) increase
any  benefits otherwise payable under any Compensation and Benefit Plan,
(C)  result in any acceleration of the time of payment or vesting or
trigger  any payment on funding (through a grantor trust or otherwise) of
any  Company Option, Right or any benefit payable under any Compensation
and  Benefit Plan, (D) result in any payment that would not be deductible
under  Section 162(m) or Section 280G of the Code, (E) cause the Company or
any  of its Subsidiaries to record additional compensation expense on its 
income statement with respect to any outstanding stock option or  equity-
based award or (F) limit the right of the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries, in its sole discretion, to administer, amend or terminate  any
Compensation and Benefit Plan or any related trust instrument.   (s) No
Knowledge. The Company knows of no reason relating to the Company or 
------------  its Subsidiaries why the regulatory approvals referred to in
Section  7.01(b) should not be obtained without the imposition of any
condition of  the type referred to in the proviso contained in such Section
7.01(b).   (t) Labor Relations. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is
in  ---------------  compliance with all applicable laws respecting
employment and  employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and
wages and  hours, including, without limitation, the Immigration Reform and 
Control Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, any  such
laws respecting employment discrimination, disability rights or  benefits,
equal opportunity, plant closure issues, affirmative action,  workers\'
compensation, employee benefits, severance payments, labor  relations,
employee leave      -26-       issues, wage and hour standards,
occupational safety and health  requirements and unemployment insurance and
related matters. None of the  Company or its Subsidiaries is engaged in any
unfair labor practice and  there is no unfair labor practice complaint
pending or, to the knowledge  of the Company, threatened against any of the
Company or its Subsidiaries  before the National Labor Relations Board.
Neither the Company nor any of  its Subsidiaries is a party to, is
negotiating, or is bound by, any  collective bargaining agreement, contract
or other agreement or  understanding with a labor union or labor
organization, nor is the Company  or any of its Subsidiaries the subject of a
proceeding asserting that the  Company or any such Subsidiary has committed
an unfair labor practice  (within the meaning of the National Labor Relations
Act) or seeking to  compel it or such Subsidiary to bargain with any labor
organization as to  wages and conditions of employment, nor is there any
strike or other labor  dispute involving the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, pending or, to  its knowledge, threatened, nor is it aware of
any activity involving the  Company\'s or any of its Subsidiaries\' employees
seeking to certify a  collective bargaining unit or engaging in any other
organization activity.   (u) Insurance. The Company and its Subsidiaries are
insured with  ---------  reputable insurers against such risks and in such
amounts as the  management of the Company reasonably has determined to be
prudent in  accordance with industry practices. All of the insurance
policies,  binders or bonds maintained by the Company or its Subsidiaries are
in  full force and effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries are not in 
default thereunder and all claims thereunder have been filed in due and 
timely fashion. The Company has made available to Parent a list of all 
insurance policies maintained by or for the benefit of the Company or  its
Subsidiaries or their directors, officers, employees or agents.   (v) Taxes.
The Company and its Subsidiaries have filed completely  -----  and correctly
in all material respects all material Tax Returns which  are required by all
applicable laws to be filed by them, and have paid,  or made adequate
provision for the payment of, all Taxes which have or  may become due and
payable pursuant to said Tax Returns and all other  Taxes, governmental
charges and assessments received to date other than  those Taxes being
contested in good faith for which provision has been  made in accordance with
GAAP on the most recent consolidated balance  sheet of the Company set forth
in the Financial Statements. All Taxes  which the Company and its
Subsidiaries are required by law to withhold  and collect have been duly
withheld and collected, and have been paid  over, in a timely manner, to the
proper taxing authorities to the  extent due and payable. Each of the Company
and its Subsidiaries has  complied in all material respects with all
requirements (including  record retention) applicable to information
reporting. The Company and  its Subsidiaries have not executed any waiver to
extend, or otherwise  taken or failed to take any action that would have the
effect of  extending, the applicable statute of limitations in respect of any
Tax  liabilities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for the taxable 
years prior to and including the most recent taxable year. Neither the 
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (or any predecessor thereto) is a 
"consenting corporation" within the meaning of Section 341(f) of the  Code.
None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has been a member  of any
consolidated group (other than with the Company and its  Subsidiaries) for
Tax purposes. The Company and its      -27-       Subsidiaries are
not a party to any tax sharing agreement or arrangement  (other than with the
Company and its Subsidiaries). No material liens or  encumbrances for Taxes
exist with respect to any of the assets or  properties of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries, except for statutory  liens for Taxes not yet due or
payable or that are being contested in good  faith. All of the U.S. federal
income Tax Returns filed by or on behalf of  each of the Company and its
Subsidiaries have been examined by and settled  with the IRS, or the statute
of limitations with respect to the relevant  Tax liability expired, for all
taxable periods ending on or before the  date of this Agreement. All Taxes
due with respect to any completed and  settled audit, examination or
deficiency Litigation with any taxing  authority have been paid in full.
There is no audit, examination,  deficiency, or refund Litigation pending
with respect to any Taxes and no  taxing authority has given written notice
of the commencement of any  audit, examination or deficiency Litigation with
respect to any Taxes. No  closing agreements, private letter rulings,
technical advice memoranda or  similar agreements or rulings have been
entered into or issued by any  taxing authority with respect to the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries.  There are no outstanding assessments, claims or
deficiencies for any Taxes  of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that
have been proposed,  asserted or assessed in writing. There is no outstanding
written claim by  a taxing authority that the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries may be  subject to taxation or required to file a Tax Return in
a jurisdiction  where it does not file Tax Returns and none of the Company or
any of their  Subsidiaries is aware of any jurisdiction that could properly
make such a  claim. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries that is required
to be  registered for the purposes of sales tax, transfer taxes, value
added  taxes or any similar Tax has been so registered, and it has complied
in  all material respects with all statutory requirements, orders,
provisions,  directions or conditions relating to such Taxes. The Company has
not been  requested to and has not agreed to include in a taxable period
ending  after the Effective Time any taxable income attributable to income
that  economically accrued in a prior taxable period as a result of Section
481  of the Code, the installment method of accounting or any comparable 
provision of state or local Tax law. None of the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries has been a "distributing corporation" or a "controlled 
corporation" in any distribution occurring during the last 3 years in  which
the parties to such distribution treated the distribution as one to  which
Section 355 of the Code applied. No Tax is required to be withheld  pursuant
to Section 1445 of the Code as a result of the Merger. All Tax  Returns of
the Company and each of its Subsidiaries and all closing  agreements, private
letter rulings, technical advice memoranda or similar  agreements or rulings
(if any) entered into with or issued by any taxing  authority, by or with
respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries  that were delivered by the
Company pursuant to Parent\'s due diligence  request are true copies of such
documents.   (w) Derivatives. All exchange-traded or over-the-counter
swap,  -----------  forward, future, option, cap, floor or collar financial
contracts and  any other similar arrangements ("DERIVATIVES"), whether
entered into  for the Company\'s account or for the account of one or more of
the  Company\'s Subsidiaries or their customers, were entered into (i) in 
accordance with prudent business practices and all applicable laws,  rules,
regulations and regulatory policies and (ii) with counterparties  believed to
be financially responsible at the time; and each of them  constitutes the
valid and legally binding obligation of the      -28-       Company
or its Subsidiaries, as applicable, enforceable in accordance with  its terms
(except as enforceability may be limited by the Bankruptcy and  Equity
Exception), and are in full force and effect. Neither the Company  nor any of
its Subsidiaries, nor to the Company\'s knowledge any other  party thereto,
is in breach of any of its obligations under any such  agreement or
arrangement. The Company SEC Documents disclose the value of  such agreements
and arrangements on a mark-to-market basis in accordance  with GAAP, as
modified to give effect to Statement of Financial Accounting  Standards No.
133, and, since December 31, 2000, there has not been a  material change in
such value.   (x) Accounting Controls. Each of the Company and its
Subsidiaries  -------------------  has devised and maintained systems of
internal accounting controls  sufficient to provide reasonable assurances, in
the judgment of the  Board of Directors of the Company, that: (i) all
material transactions  are executed in accordance with management\'s general
or specific  authorization; (ii) all material transactions are recorded as
necessary  to permit the preparation of financial statements in conformity
with  GAAP consistently applied with respect to broker-dealers or any other 
criteria applicable to such statements; (iii) access to the material 
property and assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries is permitted  only in
accordance with management\'s general or specific authorization;  and (iv)
the recorded accountability for items is compared with the  actual levels at
reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken  with respect to any
differences.   (y) Intellectual Property. (i) The Company and its
Subsidiaries own  ---------------------  or have the right to use all
material Intellectual Property Rights (as  defined below) necessary or
required for the operation of their  business as currently conducted
(collectively, "COMPANY IP RIGHTS"),  and have the right to use, license,
sublicense or assign the same  without material liability to, or any
requirement of consent from, any  other person or party. Such Company IP
Rights constitute all  Intellectual Property Rights necessary for the conduct
of their  businesses in the manner conducted immediately prior to the
Effective  Time. All Company IP Rights are either owned by the Company or
its  Subsidiaries free and clear of all Liens or are used pursuant to a 
license agreement; each such license agreement is valid and enforceable  and
in full force and effect; neither the Company nor any of its  Subsidiaries is
in material default thereunder; and to the knowledge of  the Company, no
corresponding licensor is in material default  thereunder. None of the
Company IP Rights infringes or otherwise  conflicts with any Intellectual
Property Rights or other right of any  person; there is no pending or, to the
knowledge of the Company,  threatened litigation, adversarial proceeding,
administrative action or  other challenge or claim relating to any Company IP
Rights; there is no  outstanding order relating to any Company IP Rights; to
the knowledge  of the Company, there is currently no infringement by any
person of any  Company IP Rights; and the Company IP Rights owned, used or
possessed  by the Company and its Subsidiaries are sufficient and adequate
to  conduct the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries to the full 
extent as such business is currently conducted.   (ii) To the knowledge of
the Company, no employee of the Company or any of  its Subsidiaries is in
violation of any term of any employment contract,  patent disclosure
agreement or any other contract or agreement relating to  the relationship
of      -29-       any such employee with the Company or such
Subsidiary or any other party  because of the nature of the business
conducted by the Company or its  Subsidiaries or proposed to be conducted by
the Company or its  Subsidiaries.   (iii) As used herein, the term
"INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS" shall mean  all worldwide industrial and
intellectual property rights, including,  without limitation, patents, patent
applications, patent rights,  trademarks, trademark applications, trade
names, service marks, service  mark applications, copyright, copyright
applications, franchises,  licenses, inventories, know-how, trade secrets,
customer lists,  proprietary processes and formulae, all source and object
code,  algorithms, architecture, structure, display screens, layouts,
inventions,  development tools, software, databases and all documentation and
media  constituting, describing or relating to the above, including,
without  limitation, manuals, memoranda and records.   (z) Investment
Advisory Activities. (i) Certain of the Company\'s 
------------------------------  Subsidiaries provide investment management,
investment advisory,  sub-advisory, administration, distribution or certain
other services to  the Investment Companies. Each of the Investment Companies
(or the  trust or corporation of which it is a series) is duly organized
and  existing in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction under 
which it is organized. Each of the Investment Companies (or the trust  or
corporation of which it is a series) that is registered or required  to be
registered under the Investment Company Act ("REGISTERED FUNDS")  is governed
by a board of trustees or directors (each a "FUND BOARD"  and, collectively,
the "FUND BOARDS") consisting of at least 50% of  trustees or directors who
are not "interested persons" (as defined in  the Investment Company Act) of
the Registered Funds or the Company.  The Fund Boards operate in all material
respects in conformity with the  requirements and restrictions of Sections 10
and 16 of the Investment  Company Act, to the extent applicable.   (ii)
Each of the Investment Companies is in compliance with all applicable 
foreign, United States federal and state laws, rules and regulations of  the
SEC, the CFTC, the IRS and any Self-Regulatory Organization having 
jurisdiction over such Investment Company. The Company has made available  to
Parent true and complete copies of all the Constitutive Documents and 
related advisory agreements of all of the Investment Companies managed or 
advised by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.   (iii) Except for the
entities identified as such in the Company\'s  Disclosure Schedule, none of
the Company or its Subsidiaries is or has  been during the past five years an
"investment adviser" within the meaning  of the Investment Advisers Act,
required to be registered, licensed or  qualified as an investment advisor
under the Investment Advisers Act or  subject to any liability or disability
by reason of any failure to be so  registered, licensed or qualified.  
(iv) Each Investment Company has been operated in compliance with its 
respective objectives, policies, restrictions and guidelines, including 
without limitation those set forth in the applicable prospectus and 
registration statement for that Investment Company. The Company and its 
Subsidiaries have operated the investment accounts with respect to which 
they provide discretionary investment advisor services in     
-30-       accordance with the investment objectives, policies,
restrictions and  guidelines in effect for such investment accounts.   (v)
Each Registered Fund has duly adopted procedures pursuant to Rules  17a-7,
17e-1 and 10f-3 under the Investment Company Act, to the extent 
applicable.   (vi) Neither the Company, nor any "affiliated person" (as
defined in the  Investment Company Act) thereof, is ineligible pursuant to
Section 9 of  the Investment Company Act to serve as an investment adviser
(or in any  other capacity contemplated by the Investment Company Act) to
an  Investment Company; neither the Company, nor any "associated person"
(as  defined in the Investment Advisers Act) thereof, is ineligible pursuant
to  Section 203 of the Investment Advisers Act to serve as an investment 
adviser or as an associated person to a registered investment adviser.  
(aa) Financial Opinion. The Board of Directors of the Company has 
-----------------  received the opinion of Goldman, Sachs and Co., dated the
date of this  Agreement, to the effect that, as of such date, the Merger 
Consideration is fair from a financial point of view to holders of  shares of
Company Common Stock.   (bb) Certain Contracts. Except as set forth in the
Company SEC Documents  ------------------  filed prior to the date hereof,
neither the Company nor any of its  Subsidiaries is a party to or bound by
any non-competition agreement or  any other agreement or obligation (i) which
limits or purports to limit in  any respect the manner in which, or the
localities in which, any business  of the Company or its Subsidiaries is or
could be conducted or the types  of business that the Company or its
Subsidiaries conducts or may conduct  or (ii) which would reasonably be
understood to limit or purport to limit  in any respect the manner in which,
or the localities in which, any  business of the Parent or its Subsidiaries
is or could be conducted or the  types of business that the Parent or its
Subsidiaries conducts or may  conduct.   5.4 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
OF PARENT. Except as Previously Disclosed in a section of its Disclosure
Schedule corresponding to the relevant paragraph below, Parent hereby
represents and warrants to the Company as follows:   (a) Organization,
Standing and Authority. Parent is duly organized, 
------------------------------------  validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of Canada.  Following its formation, Merger Subsidiary will be
duly organized,  validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
State of  Delaware. Parent is, and Merger Subsidiary will be, following its 
formation, duly qualified to do business and in good standing in the  states
of the United States and foreign jurisdictions where their  ownership or
leasing of property or the conduct of their business  requires such
qualification. Each of Parent and its Subsidiaries has  in effect all United
States federal, state, local and foreign  governmental authorizations
necessary for it to own or lease its  properties and assets and to carry on
its business as it is now  conducted.   (b) Corporate Authority. Parent
has, and Merger Subsidiary will  -------------------  have, as of the
Closing Date, the requisite corporate power and  authority, and Parent has,
and Merger      -31-       Subsidiary will have, as of the date it
executes a supplement to this  Agreement, taken all corporate action
necessary to authorize the execution  and delivery of, and the performance of
their respective obligations  under, this Agreement and, in the case of
Parent, the Stock Option  Agreement, and, in the case of Merger Subsidiary,
to adopt the plan of  merger contained in this Agreement and, in accordance
therewith, to  consummate the Merger. Each of this Agreement and the Stock
Option  Agreement is the valid and binding agreement of Parent, enforceable 
against it in accordance with its terms, subject to the Bankruptcy and 
Equity Exception. Upon the execution of a supplement to this Agreement by 
Merger Subsidiary, this Agreement will be the valid and binding agreement  of
Merger Subsidiary, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, 
subject to the Bankruptcy and Equity Exception.   (c) Governmental Filings;
No Violations. Other than the filings  ----------------------------------- 
and/or notices (i) referred to in Section 2.02, (ii) under the HSR Act,  the
Exchange Act and the Securities Act, (iii) required to be made  pursuant to
state insurance or banking regulations, (iv) required to be  made with the
NYSE and other Self-Regulatory Organizations and (v) such  other filings
and/or notices set forth in Parent\'s Disclosure Schedule,  no notices,
reports, applications or other filings are required to be  made by Parent or
any of its Subsidiaries with, nor are any consents,  registrations,
approvals, permits or authorizations required to be  obtained by any of them
from, any Governmental Authority in connection  with the execution and
delivery of this Agreement and the Stock Option  Agreement by Parent, the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by  Merger Subsidiary and the
consummation by Parent and Merger Subsidiary  of the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby and  thereby. Subject to the making or
obtaining of all filings, notices,  applications, consents, registrations,
approvals, permits or  authorizations with or of any relevant Governmental
Authority with  respect to the Merger and the other transactions contemplated
hereby  and by the Stock Option Agreement, the execution, delivery and 
performance of this Agreement and the Stock Option Agreement, and the 
consummation of the Merger and other transactions contemplated hereby  and
thereby, does not and will not (A) constitute a breach or violation  of, or a
default under, or cause or allow the acceleration or creation  of a Lien
(with or without the giving of notice, passage of time or  both) pursuant to,
any law, rule or regulation or any judgment, decree,  order, governmental or
non-governmental permit or license, or any  Contract of it or of any of its
Subsidiaries or to which Parent or any  of Parent\'s Subsidiaries or its or
their properties is subject or  bound, (B) constitute a breach or violation
of, or a default under, the  Constitutive Documents of Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries or  (C) require any consent or approval under any such law,
rule,  regulation, judgment, decree, order, governmental permit or license,
or  the consent or approval of any other party to any such Contract.   (d)
No Knowledge. As of the date hereof, Parent knows of no reason relating 
------------  to Parent or its Subsidiaries why the regulatory approvals
referred to in  Section 7.01(b) should not be obtained without the imposition
of any  condition of the type referred to in the proviso contained in such
Section  7.01(b).      -32-       (e) Funds. At the Effective
Time, Parent will have the funds necessary to  -----  consummate the Merger
and pay the Merger Consideration in accordance with  the terms of this
Agreement.   (f) Interim Operations of Merger Subsidiary. Merger Subsidiary
will be  -----------------------------------------  formed solely for the
purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated  hereby and, as of the
Closing Date, will have engaged in no business other  than in connection with
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  Merger Subsidiary will be
an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Parent.   (g) No Brokers. None of
Parent or its Subsidiaries, or any of their  -----------  directors,
officers or employees, has employed any broker or finder, or  incurred any
broker\'s or finder\'s commissions or fees, in connection with  the Merger or
the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the  Stock Option
Agreement, except that Parent has engaged Lazard, Freres and  Co. LLC as its
financial advisor.   (h) Legal Proceedings. As of the date hereof, none of
the Parent or  -----------------  any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any,
and there are not pending  or, to the knowledge of Parent, threatened,
material legal,  administrative, arbitral or other proceedings, claims,
actions or  governmental or regulatory investigations of any nature
challenging the  validity or propriety of the transactions contemplated by
this  Agreement or that would impair the ability of Parent to perform its 
obligations hereunder.   ARTICLE VI   COVENANTS   6.1 REASONABLE BEST
EFFORTS. (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each of
the Company and Parent agrees to use its reasonable best efforts in good
faith to take, or cause to be taken (including causing any of its
Subsidiaries to take), all actions, and to do, or cause to be done,
all things necessary, proper or desirable, or advisable under applicable
laws, so as to permit consummation of the Merger as promptly as reasonably
practicable and otherwise to enable consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby and shall cooperate fully with the other party hereto to
that end. The parties agree that they intend the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby to occur no later than October 30, 2001.  
(b) Without limiting the generality of Section 6.01(a), the Company agrees to
use its reasonable best efforts to obtain (i) any consents of
Clients (including in the case of Registered Funds, the boards of directors
or trustees and the stockholders of such Registered Funds) necessary under
any advisory agreement or the Investment Company Act or the Investment
Advisers Act in connection with any deemed assignment of any such advisory
agreement upon consummation of the Merger and (ii) the consent or approval of
all persons party to a Contract with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
to the extent such consent or approval is required in order to consummate the
Merger or for the Surviving Corporation to receive the benefits of such
Contract; PROVIDED that in no event shall the Company be deemed to     
-33-      have failed to satisfy the condition set forth in 7.03(b)
solely on the basis that such consents on approvals have not been obtained as
of the Closing Date.   6.2 PROXY STATEMENT. (a) The Company will as promptly
as practicable prepare and file with the SEC a Proxy Statement to be sent to
the Company\'s stockholders (the "COMPANY PROXY STATEMENT") and will use its
reasonable best efforts to have the Company Proxy Statement cleared by the
SEC promptly. The Company will cause the Company Proxy Statement to comply as
to form in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. The Company will
advise Parent promptly of the time when the Company Proxy Statement and any
amendment or supplement to the Company Proxy Statement has been filed, and of
any request by the SEC for amendment of the Company Proxy Statement or
comments thereon and responses thereto or requests by the SEC for additional
information. Each of the Company and Parent agrees to use its reasonable best
efforts, after consultation with the other, to respond promptly to all such
comments of and requests by the SEC.   (b) Each of Parent and the Company
agrees, as to itself and its Subsidiaries, that none of the information to be
supplied by it or its Subsidiaries for inclusion or incorporation by
reference in the Company Proxy Statement and any amendment or supplement
thereto will, at the date of mailing to stockholders and at the time or times
of the Company Stockholders Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If at any time
prior to the date of the Company Stockholders Meeting any information
relating to Parent, the Company or any of their Affiliates, officers or
directors, should be discovered by the Company or Parent that should be set
forth in an amendment or supplement to the Company Proxy Statement, so that
such document would not include any misstatement of a material fact or
omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading, the party that discovers such information shall
promptly notify the other party and, to the extent required by law, an
appropriate amendment or supplement describing such information shall be
promptly filed by the Company with the SEC and, to the extent required by
law, disseminated by the Company to the stockholders of the Company.   (c)
The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to cause the definitive
Company Proxy Statement and all required amendments and supplements thereto
to be mailed to its stockholders as promptly as practicable after the date
hereof.   6.3 COMPANY STOCKHOLDERS MEETING. The Company will take, in
accordance with applicable law and its Constitutive Documents, all action
necessary to convene a special meeting of the holders of the Company Common
Stock at which the holders of the Company Common Stock will consider the
adoption of this Agreement (including any adjournments or postponements
thereof, the "COMPANY STOCKHOLDERS MEETING") as promptly as practicable after
the date hereof. Subject to the terms of this Agreement and subject to its
fiduciary obligations under applicable law, the Board of Directors of the
Company shall recommend to its stockholders the adoption of this Agreement
and shall use best reasonable efforts to solicit such adoption. In the event
that subsequent to the date hereof the Board of Directors of the
Company      -34-      determines that this Agreement is no longer
advisable and either makes no recommendation or recommends that its
stockholders reject it, the Company shall nevertheless as promptly as
practicable after the date hereof submit this Agreement to the holders of the
Company Common Stock for adoption at the Company Stockholders Meeting, unless
this Agreement shall have been terminated in accordance with its terms prior
to the Company Stockholders Meeting.   6.4 PRESS RELEASES. The initial
press release concerning the Merger and the other transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and the Stock Option Agreement shall be a joint press
release in such form agreed to by the parties and thereafter the Company and
Parent each shall consult with the other and provide each other the
opportunity to review, comment upon and use reasonable best efforts to agree
upon, any press release or other public announcements with respect to the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the
Stock Option Agreement prior to issuing any press releases or
otherwise making public announcements with respect to the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Stock Option
Agreement, and neither party shall issue any press release or otherwise make
any public announcements with respect thereto without the other\'s prior
consent, except as may be required by law or court process or by obligations
pursuant to any listing agreement with or rules of any applicable securities
exchange.   6.5 ACCESS; INFORMATION. (a) The Company agrees that upon
reasonable notice and subject to applicable laws relating to the exchange of
information, for the purposes of consummating the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby and of planning the subsequent integration
of the businesses and operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries with
those of Parent and its Subsidiaries, it shall afford Parent and its
Representatives such access during normal business hours throughout the
period prior to the Effective Time to the books, records (including, without
limitation, tax returns and work papers of independent auditors), properties,
personnel and Representatives of the Company and to such other information as
Parent may reasonably request and, during such period, it shall furnish
promptly to Parent (i) a copy of each material report, schedule and other
document filed by it pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Laws or
banking or insurance laws and (ii) all other information concerning the
business, properties, technology, systems, products, operations and personnel
of it as Parent may reasonably request.   (b) Each of Parent and the Company
agrees that, for three years after the date hereof, it will not, and will
cause its subsidiaries and its or their Representatives not to, use any
information obtained pursuant to this Section 6.05 for any purpose unrelated
to the consummation of the Merger. Subject to requirements of applicable law,
each of Parent and the Company shall keep confidential, and shall cause its
Representatives to keep confidential, all information and documents obtained
pursuant to this Section 6.05, unless such information (i) was already known
to such party (other than from a source known by such party to be bound by a
confidentiality obligation), (ii) becomes available to such party from other
sources not known by such party to be bound by a confidentiality obligation,
(iii) is disclosed with the prior written approval of the other party or (iv)
is independently developed by such party. In the event that this Agreement is
terminated in accordance with its terms, each of Parent and the Company shall
promptly cause all copies of documents or extracts thereof containing
information and data as to the other party or its business or operations, and
all documents created based upon or reflecting such information, to be
destroyed or returned to such other party. No investigation by Parent
or      -35-      the Company of the business and affairs of the
Company or Parent, as applicable, and its respective Subsidiaries shall
affect or be deemed to modify or waive any representation, warranty, covenant
or agreement in this Agreement or the conditions to consummation of the
Merger contained in Article VII. The parties hereby agree that clause (ii) of
the first sentence of the third paragraph and the final sentence of such
paragraph in the Confidentiality Agreement shall be deemed incorporated
herein and shall be a part of this Agreement for all purposes, with the
obligations provided for in such clause and sentence to survive for the
period set forth therein.   6.6 ACQUISITION PROPOSALS. The Company agrees
that it shall not, and shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause its
officers, directors, agents, advisers and Affiliates not to, solicit or
encourage inquiries or proposals with respect to, or engage in any
negotiations concerning, or provide any confidential information to, or have
any discussions with, any person relating to, any tender or exchange offer,
proposal for a merger, consolidation or other business combination involving
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any proposal or offer to acquire in
any manner a substantial equity interest in, or a substantial portion of the
assets or operations of, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (any of the
foregoing, an "ACQUISITION PROPOSAL"), other than the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or the Stock Option Agreement; provided, that
nothing contained in this Agreement shall prevent the Company\'s Board of
Directors from (i) making any disclosure to its stockholders if, in the good
faith judgment of its Board of Directors, failure so to disclose would
be inconsistent with its obligations under applicable law; (ii) providing
(or authorizing the provision of) information to, or engaging in (or
authorizing) such discussions or negotiations with, any person who has made a
bona fide written Acquisition Proposal received after the date hereof which
did not result from a breach of this Section 6.06; (iii) recommending such an
Acquisition Proposal to its stockholders (and in connection therewith
withdrawing its favorable recommendation to stockholders of this Agreement),
if and only to the extent that, in the case of actions referred to in clause
(ii) or (iii), (x) such Acquisition Proposal is a Superior Proposal, (y) the
Company\'s Board of Directors, after having consulted with and considered the
advice of outside counsel to such Board, determines in good faith that
providing such information or engaging in such negotiations or discussions,
or making such recommendation, is required in order to discharge the
directors\' fiduciary duties in accordance with the DGCL and (z) the Company
receives from such person a confidentiality agreement in a customary form; or
(iv) take any actions expressly permitted in writing by Parent. For purposes
of this Agreement, a "SUPERIOR PROPOSAL" means any Acquisition Proposal by a
third party on terms which the Company\'s Board of Directors determines in
its good faith judgment, after consultation with its financial advisers
(whose advice shall be communicated to Parent), to be more favorable from a
financial point of view to its stockholders than the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby, after taking into account the likelihood of
consummation of such transaction on the terms set forth therein, taking into
account all legal, financial (including the financing terms of any such
proposal), regulatory and other aspects of such proposal and any
other relevant factors permitted under applicable law, after giving Parent at
least five Business Days to respond to such third-party Acquisition Proposal
once the Board has notified Parent that in the absence of any further action
by Parent it would consider such Acquisition Proposal to be a Superior
Proposal, and then taking into account any amendment or modification to this
Agreement proposed by Parent. The Company also agrees immediately to cease
and cause to be terminated any activities, discussions or     
-36-      negotiations conducted prior to the date of this Agreement
with any parties other than Parent with respect to any of the foregoing. The
Company shall promptly (within 24 hours) advise Parent following the receipt
by it of any Acquisition Proposal and the material terms thereof (including
the identity of the person making such Acquisition Proposal), and advise
Parent of any developments (including any change in such terms) with respect
to such Acquisition Proposal promptly upon the occurrence thereof.  
Nothing contained in this Section 6.06 or any other provision of
this Agreement will prohibit the Company or the Company\'s Board of Directors
from notifying any third party that contacts the Company on an unsolicited
basis after the date hereof concerning an Acquisition Proposal of the
Company\'s obligations under this Section 6.06.   6.7 NO RIGHTS TRIGGERED.
The Company shall take all reasonable steps necessary to ensure that the
entering into of this Agreement and the Stock Option Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and any
other action or combination of actions, or any other transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby, do not and will not result in the grant of
any Rights to any person (a) under the Constitutive Documents of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries or (b) under any Contract to which the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries is a party except, in each case, as
expressly contemplated by this Agreement and the Stock Option Agreement.  
6.8 REGULATORY APPLICATIONS. (a) Parent, the Company and their
respective Subsidiaries shall cooperate and use their respective reasonable
best efforts to prepare all documentation, to effect all filings, notices,
applications, consents, registrations, approvals, permits and authorizations
with, to or of all third parties and Governmental Authorities necessary to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement as promptly as
reasonably practicable. Parent shall have the right to review in advance, and
to the extent practicable to consult with the Company, subject to applicable
laws relating to the exchange of information, with respect to, all material
written information submitted to any third party or any Governmental
Authority in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
In exercising the foregoing right, Parent agrees to act reasonably and as
promptly as practicable. Each of Parent and the Company agrees that it will
consult with the other party hereto with respect to the obtaining of all
material consents, registrations, approvals, permits and authorizations of
all third parties and Governmental Authorities necessary or advisable to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each party
will keep the other party apprised of the status of material matters relating
to completion of the transactions contemplated hereby.   (b) Subject to
applicable laws governing the exchange of information, each of Parent and the
Company will, upon request, furnish the other party with all information
concerning itself, its Subsidiaries, directors, officers and stockholders and
such other matters as may be reasonably necessary or advisable in connection
with any filing, notice or application made by or on behalf of such other
party or any of its Subsidiaries to any third party or
Governmental Authority.   (c) The Company will cooperate with Parent to
ensure that, to the extent reasonably practicable, on the Closing Date the
activities and assets of the Company and its     
-37-      Subsidiaries are permitted to be conducted or held by Parent
(as a foreign bank qualified as a financial holding company) and its
Subsidiaries under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended or the
Bank Act (Canada), if applicable.   6.9 EMPLOYEE MATTERS. (a) Parent will
cause the Surviving Corporation to honor, in accordance with their terms, all
benefit obligations to Employees accrued as of the Effective Time and all
employee severance obligations under plans and policies in existence on the
date of this Agreement.   (b) (i) From the Effective Time, Parent shall
cause to be provided, to the Employees, employee benefits and compensation
plans that, in the aggregate, are no less favorable than those provided from
time to time to similarly situated employees of DR Corp. Following the date
hereof, the Company and Parent shall cooperate in reviewing, evaluating and
analyzing the defined contribution retirement and welfare benefit plans of
the Company and its Subsidiaries, with the goal of developing a strategy for
providing such benefits to the Employees following the Effective Time in a
manner that is reasonably acceptable to the Company. For purposes hereof, the
provision of defined contribution retirement and welfare benefits in
accordance with the strategy that is agreed upon pursuant to the preceding
sentence shall not constitute a violation of the first sentence of this
Section 6.09(b).   (ii) For all purposes under the employee benefit and
compensation plans of Parent and its Affiliates providing benefits to any
Employees after the Effective Time (the "NEW PLANS"), each Employee shall be
credited with his or her years of service with the Company and its Affiliates
before the Effective Time, other than for purposes of benefit accrual under
any defined benefit pension plan, and except to the extent such credit would
result in a duplication of benefits in respect of such period. In addition,
and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, for purposes of each
New Plan providing medical, dental, pharmaceutical, vision and/or disability
benefits to any Employee, Parent shall cause all pre-existing condition
exclusions and actively-at-work requirements of such New Plan to be waived
for such Employee and his or her covered dependents to the extent such
exclusion or limitation was waived under the comparable Compensation and
Benefit Plan, and Parent shall cause any eligible expenses incurred by such
Employee and his or her covered dependents during the portion of the plan
year of the comparable Compensation and Benefit Plan ending as of the date
such Employee\'s participation in the corresponding New Plan begins to be
taken into account under such New Plan for purposes of satisfying all
deductible, coinsurance and maximum out-of-pocket requirements applicable to
such Employee and his or her covered dependents for the applicable plan year
as if such amounts had been paid in accordance with such New Plan.   (c)
Parent shall or shall cause the Surviving Corporation to take all actions
necessary to effectuate the items set forth in Section 6.09(c) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule.   (d) During the first year following the Closing Date,
the Company shall provide severance benefits in accordance with the DR Corp.
Severance Pay Plan in effect on the date hereof (including the schedule of
benefits previously provided to the Company).      -38-      (e)
The Company shall take all necessary action to ensure that the
previously announced changes to the Compensation and Benefit Plans listed in
Section 6.09(e) of the Company Disclosure Schedule do not take effect.  
(f) The Company shall take such action as is necessary to terminate the ESPPs
immediately prior to the Closing and shall take action to ensure that
all offering periods under such plans shall end on September 30, 2001.
Further, the Company shall take such actions as are necessary, including any
plan amendments, so that there are no new participants and no increases in
current participant elections permitted by the ESPPs, unless required by
law.   6.10 NOTIFICATION OF CERTAIN MATTERS. (a) Each of the Company and
the Parent shall give prompt notice to the other of any fact, event or
circumstance known to it that could reasonably be expected, individually or
taken together with all other facts, events and circumstances known to it, to
result in a material breach of any of its representations, warranties,
covenants or agreements contained herein.   (b) The Company shall promptly
notify Parent of:   (i) any written notice or other bona fide communication
from any person  alleging that the consent of such person is or may be
required as a  condition to the Merger;   (ii) any notice or other written
communications from any Client (A)  terminating or threatening to terminate
any material Contract with the  Company or any Subsidiary of the Company
relating to the rendering of  services to such client or (B) relating to any
material dispute with such  Client; or   (iii) any written notice or other
material communication from any  Governmental Authority or Self-Regulatory
Organization in connection with  the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   (c) Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries shall, prior to
the Closing Date, notify its insurers in writing of all known incidents,
events and circumstances which could reasonably be expected to give rise to a
claim against the Company or its Subsidiaries, as applicable.   6.11
INDEMNIFICATION; DIRECTORS\' AND OFFICERS\' INSURANCE. (a) From and after the
Effective Time, Parent agrees to cause the Surviving Corporation to indemnify
and hold harmless each present and former director and officer of
the Company, determined as of the Effective Time (the "INDEMNIFIED
PARTIES"), against any costs or expenses (including reasonable attorneys\'
fees), judgments, fines, losses, claims, damages or liabilities
(collectively, "COSTS") incurred in connection with any actual or threatened
claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation, whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative, arising out of matters existing or occurring
at or prior to the Effective Time, whether asserted or claimed prior to, at
or after the Effective Time, to the fullest extent that the Company would
have been permitted under Delaware law and its Constitutive Documents in
effect on the date hereof to indemnify such person (and Parent shall also
cause the Surviving Corporation to advance expenses as incurred to     
-39-      the fullest extent permitted under applicable law provided the
person to whom expenses are advanced provides an undertaking to repay such
advances if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to
indemnification); PROVIDED that any determination required to be made with
respect to whether such an officer\'s or director\'s conduct complies with
the standards set forth under Delaware law and the Company\'s Constitutive
Documents shall be made by independent counsel reasonably acceptable to both
the Indemnified Party and the Surviving Corporation.   (b) Any Indemnified
Party wishing to claim indemnification under Section 6.11(a), upon learning
of any such claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation, shall promptly
notify the Surviving Corporation thereof, but the failure to so notify shall
not relieve the Surviving Corporation of any liability it may have to such
Indemnified Party if such failure does not materially prejudice the Surviving
Corporation. In the event of any such claim, action, suit, proceeding or
investigation (whether arising before or after the Effective Time), (i) the
Surviving Corporation shall have the right to assume the defense thereof and
the Surviving Corporation shall not be liable to such Indemnified Parties for
any legal expenses of other counsel or any other expenses subsequently
incurred by such Indemnified Parties in connection with the defense thereof,
except that if the Surviving Corporation elects not to assume such defense or
independent counsel reasonably acceptable to both the Indemnified Party and
the Surviving Corporation advises that there are issues which raise conflicts
of interest between the Surviving Corporation and the Indemnified Parties,
the Indemnified Parties may retain counsel satisfactory to them, and the
Surviving Corporation shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses of such
counsel for the Indemnified Parties promptly as statements therefor
are received; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the Surviving Corporation shall be
obligated pursuant to this Section 6.11 to pay for only one firm of counsel
for all Indemnified Parties in any jurisdiction, (ii) the Indemnified Parties
will cooperate reasonably in the defense of any such matter and (iii) the
Surviving Corporation shall not be liable for any settlement effected without
its prior written consent; and PROVIDED FURTHER that the Surviving
Corporation shall not have any obligation hereunder to any Indemnified Party
when and if a court of competent jurisdiction shall ultimately determine, and
such determination shall have become final, that the indemnification of such
Indemnified Party in the manner contemplated hereby is prohibited by
applicable law.   (c) For a period of six years from the Effective Time,
Parent shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Surviving
Corporation to provide director\'s and officer\'s liability insurance to the
present and former officers and directors of the Company or any of the
Company\'s Subsidiaries (determined as of the Effective Time) with respect to
claims against such directors and officers arising from facts or events which
occurred before the Effective Time, which insurance shall contain at least
the same coverage and amounts, and contain terms and conditions no less
advantageous, as that coverage currently provided by the Company; PROVIDED;
HOWEVER, that in no event shall the Surviving Corporation be required to
expend more than 200 percent of the current amount expended by the Surviving
Corporation (such product, the "INSURANCE AMOUNT") to maintain or procure
such directors and officers insurance coverage; provided, further, that if
the Surviving Corporation is unable to maintain or obtain the insurance
called for by this Section 6.11(c), Parent shall use its reasonable best
efforts to cause the Surviving Corporation to obtain as much
comparable insurance as is available for the Insurance Amount; and PROVIDED,
FURTHER, that officers and directors of the Company or any Company     
-40-      Subsidiary may be required to make application and provide
reasonable and customary representations and warranties to the Surviving
Corporation\'s insurance carrier for the purpose of obtaining such
insurance.   6.12 SECTION 15 OF THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT. If the Merger
and the transactions contemplated hereby constitute a deemed "assignment" (as
defined in the Investment Company Act and the Investment Advisers Act) of the
advisory agreement with any Registered Fund or any other Client:   (a) the
Company will use its reasonable best efforts to obtain as  promptly as
practicable, (i) if required by the Investment Company Act  or by the terms
of the advisory agreement with any Registered Fund, the  approval of the
Board of Directors and the stockholders of each such  Registered Fund,
pursuant to the provisions of Section 15 of the  Investment Company Act
applicable thereto, of a new investment company  advisory agreement for such
Registered Fund with the applicable  Subsidiary of the Company no less
favorable to the Company or its  Subsidiaries than that in effect immediately
prior to the Effective  Time and (ii) a consent to assignment (which may be
in the form of a  "negative consent") from each other Client to whom it or
any of its  Subsidiaries is providing investment advisory services;   (b)
Parent will use its reasonable best efforts to assure, prior to the  Closing,
the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 15(f) of  the
Investment Company Act with respect to each Registered Fund; and   (c)
Parent agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to assure compliance  with
the conditions of Section 15(f) of the Investment Company Act with  respect
to the Registered Funds;  PROVIDED that in no event shall the conditions set
forth in Sections 7.01(c), 7.02(b) and 7.03(b) be deemed not to have been
satisfied solely on the basis that such consents or approvals have not been
obtained, or the conditions described in (b) or (c) above have not been
satisfied or complied with, at the Effective Time.   6.13 ERISA CLIENTS. As
soon as reasonably practicable after the date Parent delivers to the Company
the schedule referred to below, the Company shall deliver to Parent a
schedule identifying each Client that is: (i) an employee benefit plan, as
defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA, that is subject to Title I of ERISA; (ii) a
person acting on behalf of such a plan; or (iii) an entity whose assets
include the assets of such a plan, within the meaning of ERISA and applicable
regulations (hereinafter referred to as an "ERISA CLIENT"); and listing each
contract or agreement, if any, and all amendments thereto, in effect on the
date hereof, entered into by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with
respect to or on behalf of any ERISA Client, pursuant to which any of the
entities identified in a schedule to be delivered by Parent to the Company as
soon as reasonably practicable after the date hereof (including any entity
that, to the knowledge of the Company, is an affiliate of any of the entities
identified in such schedule) has agreed to (x) execute
securities transactions; (y) provide any other goods or services; or (z)
purchase, sell, exchange or swap securities or any other economic interest
therein or derivative thereof,      -41-      including rights to
receive or obligations to pay interest or principal under any debt
obligation, or rights to receive or obligations to pay interest or principal
denominated in a particular currency.   6.14 FORMATION OF MERGER SUBSIDIARY.
As soon as practicable following the date of this Agreement, Parent shall
cause Merger Subsidiary to be duly organized as a direct or indirect wholly
owned Subsidiary of Parent and to become a party to this Agreement by
executing and delivering a supplement hereto.   6.15 INTERNAL
REORGANIZATION. At the written request of Parent to accommodate its tax,
regulatory or governance needs, the Company shall use its commercially
reasonable efforts to undertake such internal corporate restructuring
activities as Parent may reasonably request, including merging inactive
Subsidiaries with active Subsidiaries, liquidating such inactive Subsidiaries
or taking similar actions, to be effective immediately prior to the Effective
Time. The Company\'s representations, warranties and covenants contained in
this Agreement shall not be deemed to be untrue or breached in any respect
for any purpose as a consequence of any reorganization undertaken solely on
account of this Section 6.15.   ARTICLE VII   CONDITIONS TO CONSUMMATION
OF THE MERGER   7.1 CONDITIONS TO EACH PARTY\'S OBLIGATION TO EFFECT THE
MERGER. The respective obligation of each of Parent, Merger Subsidiary and
the Company to consummate the Merger is subject to the fulfillment or written
waiver by Parent and the Company prior to the Closing of each of the
following conditions:   (a) Stockholder Approval. This Agreement shall have
been duly  --------------------  adopted by the stockholders of the Company
by the Company Requisite  Vote.   (b) Governmental and Regulatory Consents.
All approvals, consents  ------------------------------------  and
authorizations of, filings and registrations with, and applications  and
notifications to all Governmental Authorities required for the  consummation
of the Merger or for the prevention of any termination of  any right,
privilege, license or agreement of either Parent and its  Subsidiaries or the
Company and its Subsidiaries shall have been  obtained or made and shall be
in full force and effect and all waiting  periods required by applicable law
shall have expired; PROVIDED,  HOWEVER, that none of the preceding shall be
deemed obtained or made if  it shall be subject to any condition or
restriction the effect of  which, together with any other such conditions or
restrictions, would  be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
on the  Surviving Corporation or Parent after the Effective Time.   (c)
Third Party Consents. All consents or approvals of all persons, other 
--------------------  than Governmental Authorities, required for or in
connection with the  execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
and the consummation  of the Merger shall have been obtained and shall be in
full force and  effect, unless the failure to obtain any such consent or
approval would  not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a  Material Adverse Effect on the Surviving Corporation.     
-42-       (d) No Injunction. No Governmental Authority of competent
jurisdiction  -------------  shall have enacted, issued, promulgated,
enforced or entered any statute,  rule, regulation, judgment, decree,
injunction or other order (whether  temporary, preliminary or permanent)
which is in effect and restrains,  enjoins or otherwise prohibits
consummation of the Merger or the other  transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   7.2 CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATION OF THE COMPANY. The obligation of
the Company to consummate the Merger is also subject to the fulfillment or
written waiver by the Company prior to the Closing of each of the following
conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties. Subject to the standard
set  ------------------------------  forth in Section 5.02, the
representations and warranties of Parent set  forth in this Agreement shall
be true and correct (or, in the case of  any such representation and warranty
of Parent set forth in Section  5.04(b), true and correct in all material
respects) as of the date of  this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as
though made on and as of  the Closing Date (except that representations and
warranties that by  their terms speak as of the date of this Agreement or
some other date  shall be true and correct only as of such date), and the
Company shall  have received a certificate, dated the Closing Date, signed on
behalf  of Parent by a senior executive officer to such effect.   (b)
Performance of Obligations of Parent. Each of Parent and Merger  Subsidiary
shall have performed in all material respects all obligations  required to be
performed by it under this Agreement at or prior to the  Closing Date, and
the Company shall have received a certificate, dated the  Closing Date,
signed on behalf of Parent by a senior executive officer to  such effect.  
7.3 CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATION OF PARENT AND MERGER SUBSIDIARY. The obligation
of each of Parent and Merger Subsidiary to consummate the Merger is also
subject to the fulfillment or written waiver by Parent prior to the
Closing of each of the following conditions:   (a) Representations and
Warranties. Subject to the standard set  ------------------------------ 
forth in Section 5.02, the representations and warranties of the  Company set
forth in this Agreement shall be true and correct (or in  the case of any
such representation and warranty of the Company  described in the first
parenthetical of Section 5.02, true and correct  in all material respects) as
of the date of this Agreement and as of  the Closing Date as though made on
and as of the Closing Date (except  that representations and warranties that
by their terms speak as of the  date of this Agreement or some other date
shall be true and correct  only as of such date) and Parent shall have
received a certificate,  dated the Closing Date, signed on behalf of the
Company by the Chief  Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of
the Company to  such effect.   (b) Performance of Obligations of the
Company. The Company shall have  ----------------------------------------- 
performed in all material respects all obligations required to be  performed
by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date, and  Parent shall
have received a certificate, dated the Closing Date, signed  on behalf of the
Company by the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief  Financial Officer of
the Company to such effect.      -43-       (c) Employment
Agreements. The Employment Agreements of at least one 
---------------------  individual comprising Group A as set forth on Annex C
and at least one  individual comprising Group B as set forth on Annex C shall
be in full  force and effect and, in each case, such individual shall still
be  employed by the Company and shall not have committed an act or omission 
that would permit their termination for "cause" thereunder.   ARTICLE
VIII   TERMINATION   8.1 TERMINATION. This Agreement may be terminated,
and the Merger may be abandoned at any time prior to the Effective Time:  
(a) Mutual Consent. By the mutual consent of Parent and the Company. 
--------------   (b) Breach. By Parent or the Company, in the event of 
------  either: (i) a breach by the other party of any representation or 
warranty contained herein, which breach cannot be or has not been cured 
within 30 days after the giving of written notice to the breaching  party of
such breach; or (ii) a breach by the other party of any of the  covenants or
agreements contained herein, which breach cannot be or has  not been cured
within 30 days after the giving of written notice to the  breaching party of
such breach and, in the case of each of (i) and  (ii), which breach,
individually or in the aggregate with other such  breaches, would cause the
conditions set forth in Section 7.03(a) or  (b), in the case of a breach by
the Company, or Section 7.02(a) or (b),  in the case of a breach by Parent or
Merger Subsidiary, not to be  satisfied or would reasonably be expected to
prevent, materially delay  or materially impair the ability of the Company,
Merger Subsidiary or  Parent to consummate the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated  by this Agreement.   (c) Delay. By Parent or the
Company, in the event that the Effective Time  -----  has failed to occur on
or before April 30, 2002, except to the extent that  such failure arises out
of or results from the knowing action or inaction  of the party seeking to
terminate pursuant to this Section 8.01(c).   (d) No Regulatory Approval. By
Parent or the Company, if the  ----------------------  approval of any
Governmental Authority required for consummation of the  Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall  have been denied by final
nonappealable action of such Governmental  Authority, or such Governmental
Authority shall have requested the  permanent withdrawal of any application
therefor, or any such approval  shall have become final and unappealable and
be made subject to any  condition or restriction described in the proviso to
Section 7.01(b).   (e) No Stockholder Approval. By Parent or the Company, if
the  -----------------------  Company Requisite Vote is not obtained at the
Company Stockholders  Meeting called to obtain the Company Requisite
Vote.      -44-       (f) Failure to Recommend, Etc. By Parent, if
at any time prior to the  --------------------------  Company Stockholders
Meeting the Company\'s Board of Directors shall have  failed to make its
recommendation referred to in Section 6.03, withdrawn  such recommendation or
modified or changed such recommendation in a manner  adverse to the interests
of Parent.   (g) Acquisition Proposal. By Parent, if (i) the Board of
Directors  --------------------  of the Company or the Company determines to
negotiate (it being  understood and agreed that "NEGOTIATE" shall not be
deemed to include  the provision of information to, or the request and
receipt of  information from, any Person that submits an Acquisition Proposal
or  discussions with any such person for the purpose of ascertaining the 
terms and/or conditions of such Acquisition Proposal and determining  whether
the Board of Directors of the Company will in fact engage in,  or authorize,
negotiations) with any Person other than Parent or its  Affiliates in
connection with an Acquisition Proposal or (ii) the Board  of Directors of
the Company shall take any of the actions described in  clause (iii) of the
proviso to Section 6.06.   8.2 EFFECT OF TERMINATION AND ABANDONMENT. In the
event of termination of this Agreement and abandonment of the Merger pursuant
to this Article VIII, no party to this Agreement shall have any liability or
further obligation to any other party hereunder except (a) as set forth in
Sections 8.03 and 9.01 hereof, (b) that the Stock Option Agreement shall be
governed by its own terms as to termination and (c) that termination will not
relieve a breaching party from liability for any knowing or willful breach of
this Agreement.   8.3 TERMINATION FEE. (a) In addition to any other rights
that Parent has under this Agreement, the Stock Option Agreement and/or
otherwise, if this Agreement is terminated by Parent pursuant to Section
8.01(f) or clause (ii) of 8.01(g), then the Company shall pay to Parent U.S.
$6,250,000.   (b) Any payment required to be made under paragraph (a) above
shall be payable, without setoff, by wire transfer in immediately available
funds, to an account specified by Parent, within three Business Days
following such termination.   (c) The Company acknowledges that the
agreements contained in this Section 8.03 are an integral part of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and that, without these
agreements, Parent would not enter into this Agreement; accordingly, if the
Company fails promptly to pay any amount due pursuant to this Section 8.03,
and, in order to obtain such payment, Parent commences a suit which results
in a judgment against the Company for the payment set forth in this Section
8.03, the Company shall reimburse Parent\'s costs and expenses (including
attorneys\' fees) in connection with such suit, together with interest on any
amount due pursuant to this Section 8.03 from the date such amount becomes
payable until the date of such payment at the prime rate of Citibank N.A. in
effect on the date such payment was required to be made plus two
(2) percent.      -45-       ARTICLE IX   MISCELLANEOUS   9.1
SURVIVAL. No representations, warranties, agreements or covenants contained
in this Agreement shall survive the Effective Time or termination of this
Agreement; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that (a) the agreements of the
parties contained in Article III and 6.11 and in this Article IX shall
survive the Effective Time and (b) if this Agreement is terminated prior to
the Effective Time, the agreements of the parties contained in Sections
6.05(b), 8.02 and 8.03 and in this Article IX shall survive such
termination.   9.2 WAIVER; AMENDMENT. Prior to the Effective Time, any
provision of this Agreement may be (a) waived by the party benefitted by the
provision in a writing signed by such person or (b) amended or modified at
any time, by an agreement in writing between the parties hereto and executed
in the same manner as this Agreement, except that, after adoption of the
Agreement by the stockholders of the Company, no amendment may be made which
under applicable law requires further approval of such stockholders without
obtaining such required further approval.   9.3 COUNTERPARTS. This
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be
deemed to constitute an original.   9.4 GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE. This
Agreement shall be governed by, and interpreted in accordance with, the laws
of the State of Delaware applicable to contracts made and to be performed
entirely within such State. The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the
jurisdiction of the federal courts of the United States of America and the
state courts of the State of Delaware, in each case located in the State of
Delaware, solely in respect of the interpretation and enforcement of the
provisions of this Agreement and the Stock Option Agreement and of the
documents referred to in this Agreement and the Stock Option Agreement, and
in respect of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and hereby
waive, and agree not to assert, as a defense in any action, suit or
proceeding for the interpretation or enforcement hereof or thereof or of any
such document, that it is not subject thereto or that such action, suit
or proceeding may not be brought or is not maintainable in said courts or
that the venue thereof may not be appropriate or that this Agreement or the
Stock Option Agreement or any such document may not be enforced in or by such
courts, and the parties hereto irrevocably agree that all claims with respect
to such action or proceeding shall be heard and determined in such a
Delaware, federal or state court. The parties hereby consent to and grant any
such court jurisdiction over the person of such parties and over the subject
matter of such dispute and agree that mailing of process or other papers in
connection with any such action or proceeding in the manner provided in
Section 9.06 or in such other manner as may be permitted by law shall be
valid and sufficient service thereof.   9.5 EXPENSES. Whether or not the
Merger is consummated, each party hereto will bear all expenses incurred by
it in connection with this Agreement, the Stock Option Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.      -46-       9.6
NOTICES. All notices, requests and other communications hereunder to a party
shall be in writing and shall be deemed given (a) on the date of delivery, if
personally delivered or telecopied (with confirmation), (b) on the
first Business Day following the date of dispatch, if delivered by a
recognized next-day courier service, or (c) on the third Business Day
following the date of mailing, if mailed by registered or certified mail
(return receipt requested), in each case to such party at its address or
telecopy number set forth below or such other address or numbers as such
party may specify by notice to the parties hereto.   If to the Company,
to:   Tucker Anthony Sutro  World Financial Center  (In Oppenheimer
Tower)  200 Liberty Street, 3rd Floor  New York, New York 10281  Attention:
John Goldsmith  Facsimile: (617) 725-1789   With a copy to:   Wachtell,
Lipton, Rosen and Katz  51 West 52nd Street  New York, New York 10019 
Attention: Adam D. Chinn  Facsimile: (212) 403-2000   If to Parent or
Merger Subsidiary, to:   Royal Bank of Canada  200 Bay Street  Royal Bank
Plaza  Toronto, Ontario  Canada M5J 2J5  Attention: W. Michael Wilson 
Facsimile: (416) 974-9399   With a copy to:   Sullivan and Cromwell  125
Broad Street  New York, New York 10004  Attention: Donald J. Toumey 
Facsimile: (212) 558-3588   9.7 ENTIRE UNDERSTANDING; NO THIRD-PARTY
BENEFICIARIES. This Agreement and the Stock Option Agreement and the
documents referred to herein and therein represent the entire understanding
of the parties hereto with reference to the transactions contemplated
hereby      -47-      and thereby and such agreements supersede any
and all other oral or written agreements heretofore made, including the
Confidentiality Agreement. Except for Section 6.11, which shall inure to the
benefit of and be enforceable by the Indemnified Parties named therein and
their heirs and legal representatives, nothing in this Agreement, expressed
or implied, is intended to confer upon any person, other than the parties
hereto or their respective successors and permitted assigns, any rights,
remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this
Agreement.   9.8 ASSIGNMENT. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights,
interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned or delegated, in whole
or in part (except by operation of law), by any of the parties hereto without
the prior written consent of each other party hereto, except that Parent and
Merger Subsidiary may assign or delegate in their sole discretion any or all
of their rights, interests or obligations under this Agreement to any direct
or indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Parent, but no such assignment shall
relieve Parent of any of its obligations hereunder. Subject to the preceding
sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and
be enforceable by, the parties hereto and their respective successors and
assigns.   9.9 ENFORCEMENT. The parties agree that irreparable damage would
occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not
performed in accordance with their terms or were otherwise breached. It is
accordingly agreed that the parties hereto shall be entitled to an injunction
or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce
specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement, this being in
addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in
equity.   * * *       -48-       IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed in counterparts by their
duly authorized officers, all as of the day and year first above written.  
TUCKER ANTHONY SUTRO    By: /s/ John H. Goldsmith 
-------------------------------------  Name: John H. Goldsmith  Title:
Chairman and Chief Executive  Officer          -49-      
ROYAL BANK OF CANADA    By: /s/ Peter W. Currie 
-------------------------------------  Name: Peter W. Currie  Title: Vice-
Chairman and Chief  Financial Officer    By: /s/ Irving Weiser 
-------------------------------  Name: Irving Weiser  Title: President and
Chief Executive  Officer, Dain Rauscher Corporation            
-50-    '

