 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER DATED AS OF
OCTOBER 17, 2004     EXHIBIT 2.1   EXECUTION
COPY  ================================================================================  
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   AMONG   EGL HOLDING COMPANY,   EGL
ACQUISITION CORP.   AND   SELECT MEDICAL CORPORATION   Dated as of
October 17,
2004  ================================================================================    
TABLE OF CONTENTS    ~~  ARTICLE I THE
MERGER............................................................................................
1   1.1. The
Merger........................................................................................
1   1.2.
Closing...........................................................................................
2   1.3. Effective Time of the
Merger......................................................................
2   1.4. Effects of the
Merger.............................................................................
2  ARTICLE II EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON THE OUTSTANDING SECURITIES OF THE
COMPANY AND ACQUISITION; EXCHANGE 
PROCEDURES........................................................................................
3   2.1. Effect on Capital
Stock...........................................................................
3   2.2. Exchange of
Certificates..........................................................................
4   2.3. Effect of the Merger on Company Stock
Options..................................................... 6  ARTICLE III
REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES......................................................................
7   3.1. Representations and Warranties of the
Company..................................................... 7   3.2.
Representations and Warranties of Parent and
Acquisition.......................................... 20  ARTICLE IV
COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF
BUSINESS............................................................ 24  
4.1. Affirmative Covenants of the
Company.............................................................. 24  
4.2. Negative Covenants of the
Company.................................................................
24  ARTICLE V ADDITIONAL
AGREEMENTS.................................................................................
27   5.1. Access to Information;
Confidentiality............................................................
27   5.2. No
Solicitation...................................................................................
27   5.3. Fees and
Expenses.................................................................................
30   5.4. Brokers or
Finders................................................................................
31   5.5. Indemnification; Directors\' and Officers\'
Insurance............................................... 32   5.6.
Reasonable Best
Efforts...........................................................................
34   5.7.
Publicity.........................................................................................
35   5.8. Consents and Approvals; State Takeover
Laws....................................................... 35   5.9.
Notification of Certain
Matters...................................................................
36   5.10. Continuation of Employee
Benefits................................................................
37   5.11. Preparation of the Proxy Statement; Special
Meeting.............................................. 37   5.12.
Consequences If Rights Are
Triggered............................................................. 39  
5.13. Stockholder
Litigation...........................................................................
39   5.14. Debt Tender
Offers...............................................................................
39    i    TABLE OF CONTENTS  (CONTINUED)    ~~   5.15. Stock
Purchases..................................................................................
40  ARTICLE VI CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT.................................................................................
40   6.1. Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect the
Merger........................................ 40   6.2. Conditions to the
Obligation of Parent and Acquisition to Effect the
Merger....................... 41   6.3. Conditions to Obligation of the
Company to Effect the Merger......................................
42  ARTICLE VII TERMINATION AND
ABANDONMENT.........................................................................
43   7.1. Termination and
Abandonment.......................................................................
43   7.2. Effect of
Termination.............................................................................
45  ARTICLE VIII
MISCELLANEOUS......................................................................................
45   8.1. Survival of Representations, Warranties, Covenants and
Agreements................................. 45   8.2. Specific
Performance..............................................................................
46   8.3.
Notices...........................................................................................
46   8.4.
Interpretation....................................................................................
47   8.5.
Counterparts......................................................................................
47   8.6. Entire Agreement; No Third Party
Beneficiaries.................................................... 47   8.7.
Amendment.........................................................................................
48   8.8.
Waiver............................................................................................
48   8.9. Governing
Law.....................................................................................
48   8.10. Submission to
Jurisdiction.......................................................................
48   8.11.
Assignment.......................................................................................
49   8.12.
Severability.....................................................................................
49   8.13. Obligation of
Parent.............................................................................
49     EXHIBITS --------  ~~  Exhibit 1 Rollover Stockholders Exhibit
1.4(c) Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Company Exhibit 2.3(a)
Company Stock Options Exhibit 3.1(u) Material Contracts Exhibit 4.1
Affirmative Covenants of the Company Exhibit 4.2 Negative Covenants of the
Company Exhibit 5.5(a) Indemnification Agreements Exhibit 5.7 Press
Release Exhibit 5.14 Debt Tender Offers Exhibit 8.4 Knowledge of Parties  
ii    AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER,
dated as of October 17, 2004 (this "Agreement"), is made and entered into by
and among EGL HOLDING COMPANY, a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), EGL
ACQUISITION CORP., a Delaware corporation ("Acquisition"), and SELECT MEDICAL
CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the "Company").   RECITALS  
WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of each of Parent, Acquisition and
the Company (in the case of the Company acting on the recommendation of a
special committee (the "Special Committee") formed for the purpose of
representing the Company in connection with the possible transactions
contemplated hereby) has deemed it advisable and in the best interests of
their respective stockholders for Acquisition to merge with and into the
Company (the "Merger") pursuant to Section 251 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law (the "DGCL") upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth herein;   WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of each of Parent,
Acquisition and the Company has adopted resolutions approving and declaring
advisable this Agreement, the Merger and the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement;   WHEREAS, each of the stockholders of the Company listed on
Exhibit 1 hereto (the "Rollover Stockholders") have, concurrently with the
execution of this Agreement, executed an agreement, dated as of the date
hereof, pursuant to which such Rollover Stockholders have agreed on the terms
set forth therein to contribute the number of shares of Company Common Stock
(as hereinafter defined) set forth opposite each such stockholder\'s name on
Exhibit 1 under the heading "Rollover Shares" to Parent in exchange for
shares of Parent capital stock immediately prior to the Merger; and  
WHEREAS, Parent, Acquisition and the Company desire to make
certain representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in connection
with the Merger and also to prescribe various conditions to the Merger.  
AGREEMENT   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements herein contained, the
parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:  
ARTICLE I   THE MERGER   1.1. The Merger. Upon the terms and subject to
the conditions set forth in this Agreement, and in accordance with the DGCL,
Acquisition shall be merged with and into the Company at the Effective Time
(as hereinafter defined). At the Effective Time, the separate corporate
existence of Acquisition shall cease, and the Company shall continue as the
surviving corporation under the name "Select Medical Corporation" and shall
succeed to and assume all of    the rights and obligations of the Company
and Acquisition in accordance with the DGCL. As the context requires, the
Company is sometimes hereinafter referred to as the "Surviving
Corporation."   1.2. Closing. Unless this Agreement shall have been
terminated and the Merger shall have been abandoned pursuant to Section 7.1,
the consummation of the Merger (the "Closing") shall take place as promptly
as practical following the satisfaction or waiver (subject to applicable Law
(as hereinafter defined)) of all of the conditions (other than those
conditions which by their nature are to be satisfied at Closing, but subject
to the fulfillment or waiver of those conditions) set forth in Article VI
(and, in any event, not more than two business days following the
satisfaction or waiver of all such conditions) (the "Closing Date"), at the
offices of Ropes and Gray LLP, 45 Rockefeller Plaza, New York, New York 10111,
unless another date, time or place is agreed to in writing by the parties
hereto.   1.3. Effective Time of the Merger. At Closing, the parties hereto
shall cause the Merger to be consummated by filing a certificate of merger
(the "Certificate of Merger") with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware as provided in the DGCL. The Merger shall become effective upon such
filing or at such time thereafter as Parent, Acquisition and the Company
shall agree and specify in the Certificate of Merger (the "Effective
Time").   1.4. Effects of the Merger.   (a) The Merger shall have the
effects set forth in this Agreement, the Certificate of Merger and the
applicable provisions of the DGCL, including Section 259 of the DGCL.   (b)
The directors of Acquisition and the officers of the Company immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall, from and after the Effective Time, be the
initial directors and officers of the Surviving Corporation until their
successors have been duly elected or appointed and qualified, or until their
earlier death, resignation or removal in accordance with the
Surviving Corporation\'s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws.   (c)
Effective upon and as part of the Merger, the Restated Certificate of
Incorporation of the Company shall be amended in its entirety to be the same
as set forth in Exhibit 1.4(c) and, as so amended, shall be the Certificate
of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation following the Merger until
thereafter amended in accordance with its terms and the DGCL.   (d) The
Company shall take all required corporate action so that the Bylaws of the
Company as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the
Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation following the Merger until
thereafter amended in accordance with the DGCL, the Certificate of
Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation and the Bylaws of the Surviving
Corporation.   2    ARTICLE II   EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON THE
OUTSTANDING SECURITIES  OF THE COMPANY AND ACQUISITION; EXCHANGE
PROCEDURES   2.1. Effect on Capital Stock. As of the Effective Time, by
virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder of any
shares of common stock, par value $.01 per share, of the Company (the
"Company Common Stock"), the holder of any shares of capital stock of Parent
or the holder of any shares of common stock, par value $.01 per share, of
Acquisition (the "Acquisition Common Stock"):   (a) Common Stock of
Acquisition. Each share of Acquisition Common Stock issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into and become
one fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock, par value $.01 per
share, of the Surviving Corporation.   (b) Cancellation of Treasury Stock
and Company Common Stock Owned by Parent or Acquisition. Each share of
Company Common Stock that is owned by Parent or Acquisition or held in the
treasury of the Company (collectively, the "Excluded Shares") shall be
canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and no cash or other
consideration shall be delivered or deliverable in exchange therefor.   (c)
Conversion of Company Common Stock. Each share of Company Common Stock issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time other than Rollover
Shares, Excluded Shares and Dissenting Shares (as hereinafter defined) shall
be converted into the right to receive from the Surviving Corporation
an amount of cash equal to $18.00 (the "Merger Consideration").   (d)
Dissenting Shares. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, shares of Company Common Stock that are issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and that are held by a
holder who was entitled to and has validly demanded appraisal rights in
accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL ("Dissenting Shares") shall not be
converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration unless and until
such holder shall have failed to perfect or shall have effectively withdrawn
or lost such holder\'s appraisal rights under the DGCL, but instead shall be
converted into the right to receive such consideration determined to be due
to such holder from the Surviving Corporation with respect to such Dissenting
Shares in accordance with the DGCL. If any such holder shall have failed to
perfect or shall have effectively withdrawn or lost such appraisal rights
pursuant to the DGCL, each Dissenting Share of such holder shall be treated
as a share of Company Common Stock that had been converted as of the
Effective Time into the right to receive the Merger Consideration in
accordance with Section 2.1(c). The Company shall give prompt notice to
Parent of any demands, attempted withdrawals of such demands and any other
instruments served pursuant to the DGCL received by the Company for appraisal
of shares of Company Common Stock, and Parent shall have the right
to participate in all negotiations and proceedings with respect to such
demands. Other than pursuant to an Order (as hereinafter defined), the
Company shall not, except with the prior written consent of Parent (which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), make any
payment with respect to, settle, offer to settle or approve any withdrawal
of, any such demands.   3    (e) Cancellation and Retirement of Company
Common Stock. As of the Effective Time, all shares of Company Common Stock
(other than Excluded Shares and Dissenting Shares) that are issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall no longer be
outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and retired and shall cease
to exist, and each holder of a certificate representing any shares of Company
Common Stock being converted into the right to receive the Merger
Consideration pursuant to Section 2.1(c) (the "Certificates") shall cease to
have any rights with respect to such shares of Company Common Stock, except
the right to receive a cash amount equal to the product of the Merger
Consideration per share multiplied by the number of shares so represented, to
be paid in consideration therefor upon surrender of such Certificate in
accordance with Section 2.2(b).   (f) Certain Adjustments. In the event that
prior to the Effective Time, solely as a result of a reclassification, stock
split (including a reverse stock split), combination or exchange of shares,
stock dividend or stock distribution which in any such event is made on a pro
rata basis to all holders of Company Common Stock, there is a change in the
number of shares of Company Common Stock outstanding or issuable upon the
conversion, exchange or exercise of securities or rights convertible or
exchangeable or exercisable for shares of Company Common Stock, then the
Merger Consideration shall be equitably adjusted to reflect such event.  
2.2. Exchange of Certificates.   (a) Paying Agent. Prior to the Effective
Time, Parent shall appoint a U.S. commercial bank or trust company,
reasonably acceptable to the Company, to act as paying agent (the "Paying
Agent") for the payment of the Merger Consideration upon surrender of the
Certificates in accordance with Section 2.1(c). At the Effective Time, Parent
and the Surviving Corporation shall enter into a paying agent agreement with
the Paying Agent, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Company,
and shall deposit (or cause to be deposited) with the Paying Agent, in trust
for the benefit of the holders of such Certificates, for use in the payment
of the Merger Consideration in accordance with this Article II, the aggregate
Merger Consideration (such cash consideration being hereinafter referred to
as the "Merger Fund"). The Paying Agent shall, pursuant to irrevocable
instructions of Parent and the Company given on the Closing Date, make
payments of the Merger Consideration out of the Merger Fund. The Merger Fund
shall not be used for any other purpose.   (b) Exchange Procedures. Promptly
after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall cause the Paying
Agent to mail or deliver to each Person (as hereinafter defined) who was, at
the Effective Time, a holder of record of Company Common Stock and whose
shares are being converted into the Merger Consideration pursuant to Section
2.1(c) a letter of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be
effected, and risk of loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only
upon delivery of the Certificates to the Paying Agent and shall otherwise be
in a form and have such other provisions as the Surviving Corporation may
reasonably specify) containing instructions for use by holders of Company
Common Stock to effect the exchange of their shares of Company Common Stock
for the Merger Consideration as provided herein. As soon as reasonably
practicable after the Effective Time, each holder of an
outstanding Certificate or Certificates shall, upon surrender to the Paying
Agent of such Certificate or Certificates and such letter of transmittal duly
executed and completed in accordance with the instructions thereto (together
with such other documents as the Paying Agent may reasonably request) and
acceptance thereof by the Paying Agent (or, if such shares are held in book-
entry or other uncertificated form, upon the entry through a book-entry
transfer   4   agent of the surrender of such shares of Company Common
Stock on a book-entry account statement (it being understood that any
references herein to "Certificates" shall be deemed to include references to
book-entry account statements relating to the ownership of shares of Company
Common Stock)), be entitled to an amount of cash (payable by check) equal to
the product of the Merger Consideration per share multiplied by the number of
shares of Company Common Stock represented by such Certificate or
Certificates. The Paying Agent shall accept such Certificates upon compliance
with such reasonable terms and conditions as the Paying Agent may impose to
effect an orderly exchange thereof in accordance with normal exchange
practices. If cash is to be remitted to a Person other than the Person in
whose name the Certificate surrendered for exchange is registered, it shall
be a condition of such exchange that the Certificate so surrendered shall be
properly endorsed, with signature guaranteed, or otherwise in proper form for
transfer and that the Person requesting such exchange shall pay to the Paying
Agent any transfer or other taxes required by reason of the payment of the
Merger Consideration to a Person other than the registered holder of the
Certificate so surrendered, or shall establish to the satisfaction of the
Surviving Corporation that such tax either has been paid or is not
applicable. Until surrendered as contemplated by this Section 2.2(b), at any
time after the Effective Time, each Certificate shall be deemed to represent
only the right to receive the product of the Merger Consideration per share
multiplied by the number of shares of Company Common Stock represented by
such Certificate upon such surrender as contemplated by Section 2.1. No
interest will be paid or will accrue on any cash payable as Merger
Consideration.   (c) No Further Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock
Exchanged for Cash. All cash paid upon the surrender for exchange of
Certificates in accordance with the terms of this Article II shall be deemed
to have been paid in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to the shares
of Company Common Stock exchanged for cash theretofore represented by such
Certificates, and after the Effective Time, there shall be no further
registration of transfers on the stock transfer books of the Surviving
Corporation of the shares of Company Common Stock which were issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. If, after the Effective
Time, Certificates representing such shares are presented to the Surviving
Corporation for transfer, they shall be converted and exchanged for cash as
provided in this Article II.   (d) Termination of Merger Fund. Any portion
of the Merger Fund which remains undistributed to the holders of Certificates
for twelve months after the Effective Time shall be delivered to the
Surviving Corporation, and any holders of Certificates who have not
theretofore complied with this Article II shall thereafter look only to
Parent and the Surviving Corporation for payment of the Merger Consideration
per share of Company Common Stock, subject to escheat and abandoned property
and similar Laws (as hereinafter defined).   (e) No Liability. None of
Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent shall be liable to any
Person in respect of any cash from the Merger Fund delivered to a public
official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar
Law.   (f) Investment of Merger Fund. The Paying Agent shall invest
any cash in the Merger Fund solely in Cash Equivalents (as defined below)
as directed by the Surviving Corporation. Any interest and other income
resulting from such investments shall be paid to the Surviving Corporation.
Any net loss resulting from such investments shall be borne by the Surviving
Corporation and Parent, and the Surviving Corporation and/or Parent shall
deposit additional funds with the Paying Agent equal to such net loss in
order to make payments of the Merger Consideration from the Merger Fund. As
used herein, "Cash Equivalents" means (i)   5   obligations issued or
guaranteed by the United States or its agencies or instrumentalities; (ii)
obligations issued or guaranteed by any state of the United States or any
political subdivision thereof, rated at least AA or the equivalent on the
date of purchase by Moody\'s Investors\' Service or Standard and Poor\'s; (iii)
certificates of deposit and bankers\' acceptances of commercial banks in the
United States with combined capital and surplus of at least Three Hundred
Million Dollars; and (iv) investment grade commercial paper rated in
the highest commercial paper rating category of Moody\'s Investors\' Service
or Standard and Poor\'s maturing within one year.   (g) Withholding Rights.
The Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent shall be entitled to deduct and
withhold from the consideration otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement
to any holder of shares of Company Common Stock such amounts as the Surviving
Corporation or the Paying Agent is required to deduct and withhold with
respect to the making of such payment under the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the
"Code"), or any provision of state, local or foreign tax Law, and the
Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent, as the case may be, shall make any
required filings with and payments to tax authorities relating to any such
deduction or withholding. To the extent that amounts are so deducted and
withheld by the Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent, such
withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as
having been paid to the holder of the shares of Company Common Stock in
respect of which such deduction and withholding was made by the Surviving
Corporation or the Paying Agent.   (h) Lost Certificates. If any
Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an
affidavit of that fact by the Person claiming such Certificate to be lost,
stolen or destroyed and, if reasonably required by the Surviving Corporation,
the posting by such Person of a bond in such reasonable amount as the
Surviving Corporation may require as indemnity against any claim that may be
made against it with respect to such Certificate, the Paying Agent shall
issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate the Merger
Consideration payable pursuant to this Agreement.   2.3. Effect of the
Merger on Company Stock Options.   (a) A list showing each of the Company\'s
stock option plans, programs and arrangements (collectively, the "Stock
Plans") and options to acquire shares of Company Common Stock that are
outstanding as of the date hereof under the Stock Plans (the "Company Stock
Options") is set forth on Exhibit 2.3(a) (such list to include the name of
the Stock Plan under which such options were issued, the holders thereof, the
number of shares subject thereto and the exercise prices thereof.   (b) At,
or immediately prior to, the Effective Time, the Board of Directors of the
Company or any committee administering the Stock Plans shall take all actions
necessary so that all outstanding Company Stock Options heretofore granted
under any Stock Plan shall be cancelled at the Effective Time. Immediately
prior to the Effective Time, each Company Stock Option, whether or not then
vested or exercisable, shall no longer be exercisable but shall entitle each
holder thereof, in cancellation and settlement therefor, to a payment in cash
equal to the product of (i) the excess, if any, of (x) the per share Merger
Consideration over (y) the exercise price per share of Company Common Stock
subject to such Company Stock Option, multiplied by (ii) the number of shares
of Company Common Stock for which such Company Stock Option   6   shall
not theretofore have been exercised, whether or not then vested
or exercisable. The Surviving Corporation shall pay the holders of Company
Stock Options the cash payments described in this Section 2.3(b) on or as
soon as reasonably practicable after the Closing Date.   (c) Prior to the
Effective Time, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain
all necessary consents to ensure that, after the Effective Time, the only
rights of the holders of Company Stock Options (with respect to such Company
Stock Options) will be to receive the cash payment described in Section
2.3(b) in cancellation and settlement therefor.   (d) The Stock Plans shall
terminate as of the Effective Time, and the provisions in any other
agreement, arrangement or benefit plan providing for the issuance, transfer
or grant of any capital stock of the Company or any interest in respect of
any capital stock of the Company shall be deleted as of the Effective Time,
and the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to take such actions to
ensure that, after the Effective Time, no holder of a Company Stock Option or
any participant in or a party to any Stock Plan or other agreement,
arrangement or benefit plan shall have any right thereunder to acquire any
capital stock or any interest in respect of any capital stock of
the Surviving Corporation.   (e) The Surviving Corporation shall be
entitled to deduct and withhold from the amounts otherwise payable pursuant
to this Section 2.3 to any holder of Company Stock Options such amounts as
the Surviving Corporation is required to deduct and withhold with respect to
the making of such payment under the Code, or any provision of state, local
or foreign tax Law, and the Surviving Corporation shall make any required
filings with and payments to tax authorities relating to any such deduction
or withholding. To the extent that amounts are so deducted and withheld by
the Surviving Corporation, such withheld amounts shall be treated for all
purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the holder of the Company
Stock Options in respect of which such deduction and withholding was made by
the Surviving Corporation.   ARTICLE III   REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES   3.1. Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except (i)
as set forth in the item of the disclosure schedule of the Company (the
"Company Disclosure Schedule") that corresponds with the applicable
subsection below (it being understood that matters disclosed in an item of
the Company Disclosure Schedule shall be deemed disclosed with respect to any
other subsection if it is reasonably apparent that the matters so disclosed
in such item are applicable to such other subsection) or (ii) in the
Company\'s Annual Report on Form 10K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2003 filed with the SEC on March 15, 2004 or any SEC Documents (as
hereinafter defined) filed after October 15, 2003 and prior to the date
hereof, the Company hereby represents and warrants to Parent and Acquisition
as follows:   (a) Organization, Standing and Power. Each of the Company and
its Subsidiaries (as defined below) is a corporation, partnership or a
limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the Laws of its respective jurisdiction of organization and
has all requisite corporate, partnership or limited liability company power
and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its
business as now being conducted, except for any failure by any of the
Company\'s Subsidiaries to be in good standing that does not have and would
not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the  
7   aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect (as defined below). Each
of the Company and its Subsidiaries is duly qualified or licensed to do
business as a foreign corporation, partnership or limited liability company
and in good standing to conduct business in each jurisdiction in which the
business it is conducting, or the operation, ownership or leasing of its
properties, makes such qualification or licensing necessary, other than in
such jurisdictions where the failure to so be qualified, licensed or in good
standing does not have and would not reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect. The
Company has heretofore made available to Parent and Acquisition complete and
correct copies of the certificates of incorporation and bylaws (or other
organizational documents) of the Company and its Subsidiaries. Neither the
Company nor any of the Company\'s Subsidiaries is in violation of or default
under the provisions of any such organizational documents, except for any
such violations or defaults under organizational documents of the
Company\'s Subsidiaries that do not have and would not be reasonably expected
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.
As used in this Agreement, (i) "Company Material Adverse Effect" shall mean
(A) a material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets,
liabilities, financial condition or results of operations of the Company and
its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (B) a material adverse effect on the
ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement;
provided, that Company Material Adverse Effect shall not be deemed to include
any such material adverse effect arising as a result of (1) conditions,
events or circumstances (other than any changes or proposed changes in Laws,
including changes or proposed changes in payment or reimbursement by
government payors, but excluding the final regulatory changes announced by
the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services on August 2, 2004 applicable to
long term acute care hospitals operated as "hospitals within hospitals" or
"satellites") affecting either (x) the United States economy generally or (y)
the industry of the Company and its Subsidiaries generally, which in each
case does not have a materially disproportionate effect on the Company and
its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (2) changes in generally accepted
accounting principles or in Securities and Exchange Commission
("SEC") accounting rules, policies, practices or interpretations, (3) acts or
omissions of Parent or Acquisition prior to the Effective Time, (4) acts or
omissions of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries taken at the request of
Parent or with the prior written consent of Parent after the date of this
Agreement, (5) the effects of compliance with this Agreement by the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, including the incurrence of expenses by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby, (6) acts or omissions of Parent,
Acquisition, the Company or its Subsidiaries contemplated hereby that have an
effect on the Company or its Subsidiaries, including any disruptions to the
business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as a result of the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement or the announcement of
the transactions contemplated hereby, (7) any outbreak or escalation of
hostilities, any occurrence or threat of acts commonly referred to as
terrorist attacks or any armed hostilities associated therewith and any
national or international calamity or emergence or any escalation thereof, or
(8) changes in the market price or trading volume of the shares of Company
Common Stock (but not any change or effect underlying such decrease to the
extent such change or effect would otherwise constitute a Company Material
Adverse Effect); (ii) "Subsidiary" shall mean, with respect to any party, any
Person (A) of which such party or any other Subsidiary of such party is a
general partner, (B) of which voting power to elect a majority of the board
of directors or others performing similar functions with respect to
such Person is held by such party or by one or more of its Subsidiaries or
(C) of which at least 50% of the equity interests (or economic equivalent) of
such Person are, directly or indirectly, owned or controlled by such party or
by one or more of its Subsidiaries, and (iii) "Person" shall mean any  
8   natural person, firm, partnership, limited liability company, joint
venture, business trust, trust, association, corporation, company,
unincorporated entity or other entity.   (b) Capital Structure.   (i) The
Company. The authorized capital stock of the Company  consists of 210,000,000
shares of stock of which (A) 200,000,000 shares  are Company Common Stock and
(B) 10,000,000 shares are Preferred Stock,  par value $.01 per share (the
"Preferred Stock"), of which 545,000 shares  are designated as Series A
Junior Participating Preferred Stock ("Series A  Preferred Stock"). As of the
close of business on October 15, 2004 (the  "Capitalization Date"),
101,867,236 shares of Company Common Stock were  issued and outstanding; no
shares of Preferred Stock were issued and  outstanding; no shares of Company
Common Stock were held in the Company\'s  treasury; 21,704,817 shares of
Company Common Stock were reserved for  issuance pursuant to the outstanding
Company Stock Options; and there were  outstanding one-half rights ("Rights")
with respect to 101,867,236 one  one-hundredths of a share of Series A
Preferred Stock of the Company under  the Rights Agreement dated as of
September 17, 2001 between the Company  and Mellon Investor Services LLC (the
"Rights Agreement"). No bonds,  debentures, notes or other indebtedness of
the Company or any Subsidiary  thereof having any right to vote with the
stockholders (or other  equityholders) of the Company or such Subsidiary on
matters submitted to  the stockholders (or other equityholders) of the
Company or such  Subsidiary (or any securities that are convertible into or
exercisable or  exchangeable for any bonds, debentures, notes or other
indebtedness having  such voting rights) are issued or outstanding. Since the
Capitalization  Date, no shares of capital stock of the Company and no other
securities  directly or indirectly convertible into, or exchangeable or
exercisable  for, capital stock of the Company have been issued, other than
shares of  Company Common Stock issued upon the exercise of Company Stock
Options  outstanding on the Capitalization Date. There are no outstanding
shares of  capital stock of the Company or securities, directly or
indirectly,  convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, shares of
capital  stock of the Company or any outstanding "phantom" stock, "phantom"
stock  rights, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, dividend 
equivalent awards or other stock-based awards or rights pursuant to which 
any Person is or may be entitled to receive any payment or other 
consideration or value based upon or valued by reference to the capital 
stock of the Company or the dividends paid on the capital stock of the 
Company or the revenues, earnings or financial performance, stock 
performance or other attribute of the Company (other than ordinary course 
payments to Company employees (including bonus payments)). There are no 
puts, calls, rights (including preemptive rights), commitments or  agreements
(including employment, termination and similar agreements) to  which the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which it is  bound, in
any case, obligating the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to  issue,
deliver, sell, purchase, redeem or acquire any equity securities of  the
Company or securities convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable  for
equity securities of the Company, or obligating the Company or any of  its
Subsidiaries to grant, extend or enter into any such put, call, right, 
commitment or agreement. All outstanding shares of capital stock of the 
Company are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and are not 
subject to, and have not been issued in violation of, preemptive or other 
similar rights. The information contained on Exhibit 2.3(a) with respect  to
the Stock Plans and the Company Stock Options is true, correct and  complete
in all material respects.   9    (ii) Agreements Relating to Capital
Stock. Except as set forth  in this Agreement, there are not, as of the date
hereof, any stockholder  agreements, voting trusts or other agreements or
understandings to which  the Company is a party or by which it is bound
relating to the voting of  any shares of the capital stock of the Company.
All registration rights  agreements to which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is a party are  identified in the Company Disclosure
Schedule.   (iii) Subsidiaries. All Subsidiaries of the Company, their 
respective jurisdictions of organization, their respective forms of 
organization and the holders of their respective outstanding capital stock 
or other equity interests are identified in the Company Disclosure  Schedule.
All outstanding shares of capital stock of, or other equity  interests in,
the Subsidiaries of the Company are owned by the Company or  a direct or
indirect wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company, free and  clear of all
pledges, liens, hypothecations, claims, charges, security  interests or other
encumbrances of any kind (collectively, "Liens"). All  such issued and
outstanding shares of capital stock or other ownership  interests are validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and no such  shares or other equity
interests have been issued in violation of any  preemptive or similar rights.
No shares of capital stock of, or other  equity interests in, any Subsidiary
of the Company are reserved for  issuance. There are no outstanding shares of
capital stock of, or other  equity interests in, any Subsidiary of the
Company or securities directly  or indirectly convertible into, or
exchangeable or exercisable for, shares  of capital stock of, or other equity
interests in, any Subsidiary of the  Company or any outstanding awards or
rights pursuant to which any Person  is or may be entitled to receive any
payment or other consideration or  value based upon or valued by reference to
the value, revenues, earnings  or financial performance or any other
attribute of any Subsidiary of the  Company. There are no calls, rights
(including preemptive rights),  commitments or agreements (including
employment, termination and similar  agreements) to which the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries is a party or  by which it is bound, in any case
obligating the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries to issue, deliver, sell,
purchase, redeem or acquire, any  equity securities of any Subsidiary of the
Company or securities  convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for
equity securities of  any Subsidiary of the Company.   (iv) Investments.
Except for the capital stock or other equity  interests of its Subsidiaries,
the Company does not own, directly or  indirectly, (i) any shares of
outstanding capital stock of any other  corporation or securities convertible
into or exchangeable for capital  stock of any other corporation or (ii) any
equity or other participating  interest in the revenues or profits of any
Person, and neither the Company  nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to
any obligation to make any  investment (in the form of a loan, capital
contribution or otherwise) in  any Person.   (c) Authority; No Violations;
Consents and Approvals.   (i) The Company has all requisite corporate power
and  authority to enter into this Agreement and, subject to the adoption of 
this Agreement by the Required Vote and the Disinterested Vote (as each  term
is hereinafter defined) (the "Company Stockholder Approval"), to  perform its
obligations under this Agreement. The Company\'s execution and  delivery of
this Agreement and, subject to the Company Stockholder  Approval, the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the  Company have
been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the  part of
the   10     Company. This Agreement has been duly executed and
delivered by the  Company and, assuming the due execution and delivery of
this Agreement by  Parent and Acquisition, constitutes the valid and binding
obligation of  the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with
its terms  except as the enforcement hereof may be limited by (A)
applicable  bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent
conveyance  or other similar Laws now or hereafter in effect relating to
creditors\'  rights generally and (B) general principles of equity
(regardless of  whether enforceability is considered in a proceeding at Law
or in equity).   (ii) The Company\'s execution and delivery of this
Agreement  and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby by
the  Company will not conflict with, or result in any breach or violation
of,  or default (with or without notice or the lapse of time, or both)
under,  or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation, modification
or  acceleration of any material obligation under, or the loss of any
material  assets (including any material intellectual property assets) or
the  creation of any Lien under (any of the foregoing, a "Violation"), (A)
any  provision of the certificate or articles of incorporation or bylaws
(or  other organizational documents) of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries,  (B) any loan or credit agreement, note, bond, mortgage, deed
of trust,  indenture, lease, Plan (as hereinafter defined), Company Permit
(as  hereinafter defined), or other agreement, obligation, instrument, 
concession, franchise or license to which the Company or any Subsidiary of 
the Company is a party or by which any of their respective properties or 
assets are bound, (C) assuming that all consents, approvals,  authorizations
and other actions described in Section 3.1(c)(iii) have  been obtained and
all filings and other obligations described in Section  3.1(c)(iii) have been
made or fulfilled, any statute, law, ordinance,  rule, regulation, New York
Stock Exchange or other stock exchange rule or  listing requirement, permit
or authorization (collectively, "Laws")  applicable to the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries or their respective  properties or assets, or (D) any writ,
judgment, decree, award, -----  consent decree, waiver, stipulation, consent,
settlement agreement,  subpoena, complaint, citation, notice, summons,
temporary restraining  order, temporary or permanent injunction, stay, ruling
or order of any  Governmental Entity (collectively, "Orders") applicable to
the Company or  any of its Subsidiaries or their respective properties or
assets except,  in the case of clause (A) as it relates to the Company\'s
Subsidiaries and  in the case of clauses (B), (C) and (D) as they relate to
the Company and  its Subsidiaries, for any Violations that do not have and
would not  reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,
a  Company Material Adverse Effect.   (iii) No consent, approval,
franchise, license, certificate of  need, order or authorization of, or
registration, declaration or filing  with, notice, application or
certification to, or permit, inspection,  waiver or exemption from any court,
tribunal, judicial body, governmental  arbitrator, stock exchange,
administrative or regulatory agency,  self-regulatory organization, body or
commission or other governmental or  quasi-governmental authority or
instrumentality, whether local, state or  federal, domestic or foreign (each
a "Governmental Entity"), is required  with respect to the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries in connection with  the execution and delivery of this
Agreement by the Company or the  consummation by the Company of the
transactions contemplated hereby,  except for (A) the requirements of the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust  Improvements Act of 1976 and all other
applicable federal, state, foreign  and other Laws and Orders that are
designed or intended to prohibit,  restrict or regulate actions having the
purpose or   11    effect of monopolization or restraint of trade or
lessening of competition  (collectively, "Competition Laws"), (B) the filing
with the SEC of (1) a  proxy statement in preliminary form and in definitive
form for  distribution to the stockholders of the Company in advance of the
Special  Meeting (as hereinafter defined) in accordance with Regulation 14A 
promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") 
(such proxy statement as amended or supplemented from time to time being 
hereinafter referred to as the "Proxy Statement") and (2) such reports  under
and such other compliance with the Exchange Act as may be required  in
connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated  hereby, (C)
the filing of the Certificate of Merger and any related  documents with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and  appropriate documents, if
any, with the relevant authorities of other  jurisdictions in which the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries does  business, (D) compliance with any
applicable requirements of state blue  sky, securities or takeover Laws or
New York Stock Exchange listing  requirements and (E) such other consents,
approvals, franchises, licenses,  orders, authorizations, registrations,
declarations, filings, notices,  applications, certifications, permits,
waivers and exemptions the failure  of which to be obtained or made does not
have and would not reasonably be  expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Company Material  Adverse Effect.   (d) Disclosure Documents.
Since October 15, 2003, the Company has filed all required forms, reports and
documents with the SEC required to be filed by it pursuant to federal
securities Laws and the SEC rules and regulations thereunder (collectively,
the "Company SEC Documents"). As of their respective dates, the Company SEC
Documents complied in all material respects with the applicable requirements
of the Securities Act of 1933 (the "Securities Act") or the Exchange Act, as
the case may be, in effect as of the time of filing. None of the Company SEC
Documents filed pursuant to the Exchange Act as of the time filed, nor any of
the Company SEC Documents filed pursuant to the Securities Act as of the time
of their effectiveness, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or
omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading, except to the extent that information
contained in any Company SEC Document has been revised or superseded by a
later-filed Company SEC Document filed and publicly available prior to the
date hereof. The financial statements of the Company included in the Company
SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with the published
rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, were prepared in
accordance with United States generally accepted accounting
principles ("GAAP") applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved
(except as may be indicated in the notes thereto or, in the case of unaudited
statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q or Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X of the
SEC) and present fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial
position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of their
respective dates and the consolidated results of operations and the
consolidated cash flows of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries for
the periods presented therein (subject, in the case of the unaudited
statements, to year-end audit adjustments, as permitted by Rule 10-01, and
any other adjustments described therein).   (e) Information Supplied. None
of the information to be supplied by the Company specifically for inclusion
or incorporation by reference in the Proxy Statement, the Schedule 13E-3 to
be filed with the SEC concurrently with the filing of the Proxy Statement
(the "Schedule 13E-3") or the Offer Documents (as hereinafter defined) will,
in the case of the Proxy Statement, on the date it is first mailed to the
holders of the Company Common Stock or on the   12   date (the "Meeting
Date") of the related Special Meeting, in the case of the Schedule 13E-3, on
the date that it is filed with the SEC, or in the case of the Offer
Documents, on the date first mailed to the holders of the Senior Subordinated
Notes (as hereinafter defined) or on the date that Senior Subordinated Notes
are accepted for payment, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they are made, not misleading. All documents that the Company is
responsible for filing with the SEC in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby will comply as to form, in all material respects, with
the applicable provisions of the Exchange Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Company makes no representation or warranty with respect to the
information supplied or to be supplied by or on behalf of Parent
or Acquisition specifically for inclusion or incorporation by reference in
the Proxy Statement, the Schedule 13E-3 or the Offer Documents.   (f)
Compliance. The conduct by the Company and its Subsidiaries of their
respective businesses is in compliance with all applicable Laws, except for
such instances of noncompliance as do not have and would not reasonably
be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material
Adverse Effect.   (g) Company Permits. The Company and its Subsidiaries
hold all of the permits, licenses, variances, exemptions, orders,
franchises, authorizations, rights, registrations, certifications,
accreditations and approvals of Governmental Entities that are necessary for
the lawful conduct of the businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries as
currently conducted (each a "Company Permit"), and are in compliance with the
terms thereof, except where the failure to hold any such Company Permit or to
be in compliance with the terms thereof does not have and would not
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company
Material Adverse Effect. None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has
received any written notice of any action pending or threatened by any
Governmental Entities to revoke, withdraw or suspend any Company Permit,
except where such revocation, withdrawal or suspension would not reasonably
be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material
Adverse Effect.   (h) Litigation. There is no claim, suit, action, audit,
arbitration, investigation, inquiry or other proceeding pending or, to the
knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or any Person that the Company or any such Subsidiary has agreed
to indemnify in respect thereof ("Company Litigation"), the resolution of
which has or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect (other than Company Litigation
arising after the date of this Agreement relating to the approval of this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby). There is no Order
outstanding against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or affecting any
of their respective properties, assets or business operations the operation
or effect of which does have or would reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.   (i)
Taxes. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has duly filed with the
appropriate taxing authority all material tax returns, reports, declarations,
estimates, information returns and statements, including any related
schedules, attachments or other supporting information and including
any amendment thereto ("Tax Returns") required to be filed by it, or requests
for extensions to file such Tax Returns have been timely filed and granted
and have not expired, and such Tax Returns, when filed, were true, correct
and complete in all material   13   respects. Except as does not and
would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect,
all material taxes due and owing (whether or not reflected on any Tax Return)
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have been timely paid or adequately
reserved or properly accounted for in accordance with GAAP by the Company and
its Subsidiaries. Except as does not and would not reasonably be expected to
have a Company Material Adverse Effect, the Company and each of its
Subsidiaries has complied with all applicable Laws relating to the payment
and withholding of taxes (including employee related taxes). As of the date
hereof, except as does not and would not reasonably be expected to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect, (i) there is no audit examination,
deficiency refund litigation, proposed adjustment, proposed adjustment
proceeding (whether judicial or administrative) or matter in controversy
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened with respect to any
taxes due and owing by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) there are
no outstanding agreements or waivers extending the statutory period of
limitations for a tax assessment applicable to any Tax Return with respect to
a taxable period for which such statute of limitations is still open and
(iii) there are no liens for taxes on any asset of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries. As used in this Agreement the term "taxes" includes all
domestic or foreign federal, state or local income, franchise, property,
sales, use, ad valorem, payroll, social security, unemployment, assets, value
added, withholding, excise, severance, transfer, employment, alternative or
add-on minimum and other taxes, charges, fees, levies, imposts, duties,
licenses and governmental fees or other like assessments including
obligations for withholding taxes from payments due or made to any other
person, together with any interest, penalties, fines or additional amounts
imposed by any taxing authority or additions to tax.   (j) Pension and
Benefit Plans; ERISA.   (i) For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Plan"
shall  refer to any of the following currently maintained by the Company, any
of  its Subsidiaries or any other Person that, together with the Company  or
any of its Subsidiaries, is treated as a single employer under Section  414
of the Code, or with respect to which the Company, any of its  Subsidiaries
or any other Person that, together with the Company or any of  its
Subsidiaries, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the  Code
currently contributes or has any current obligation to contribute,  for the
benefit of any current or former employees, officers or directors  of the
Company or its Subsidiaries or with respect to which the Company or  any of
its Subsidiaries has any liability: any written "employee benefit  plan" (as
defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income  Security Act of
1974, as amended ("ERISA")), deferred compensation or  change-in-control
agreement, executive compensation, incentive bonus or  other bonus
arrangement, employee pension, profit sharing,  savings, retirement, stock
option, stock purchase, severance pay, life,  health, disability or accident
insurance plan, or other material employee  benefit plan, program,
arrangement, agreement or commitment (whether or  not in writing).   (ii)
The Company Disclosure Schedule identifies each Plan.  During the period for
which the relevant statute of limitations remains  open, none of the Plans
are:   (A) a defined benefit plan subject to Title IV of ERISA;   14   
(B) a "Multiemployer plan" as defined in Section 4001 of  ERISA; or   (C) a
"Multiple Employer Plan" as that term is defined  in Section 413(a) of the
Code.   (iii) No Person has incurred any material liability under  Title IV
of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code during the time such Person  was required
to be treated as a single employer with the Company or any of  its
Subsidiaries under Section 414 of the Code that does have or would 
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a  Company
Material Adverse Effect.   (iv) Each Plan that is an "employee pension
benefit plan" (as  defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA) and intended to qualify
under Section  401 of the Code has either received a favorable determination
letter from  the Internal Revenue Service with respect to such qualification
or has  filed for such a determination letter with the Internal Revenue
Service  within the time permitted under Section 401(b) of the Code, and
nothing  has occurred since the date of such determination letter (or the
filing  for such a determination letter) that has resulted in or would
reasonably  be expected to result in a tax qualification defect that would
reasonably  be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.   (v)
Each Plan has been operated and administered in accordance  with its terms
and in compliance with applicable ERISA provisions and the  Code, except for
such instances of noncompliance that have not and would  not reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a  Company Material
Adverse Effect.   (vi) Except as provided by Law (including without
limitation  so-called "COBRA") no Plan provides benefits in the nature of
health or  medical insurance to employees or their dependents after their
termination  of employment with the Company or Subsidiary.   (k) Absence of
Certain Changes or Events. Except as contemplated by this Agreement, since
June 30, 2004, (i) each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has conducted its
business, in all material respects, only in the ordinary course and in a
manner consistent with past practice (except in connection with the
negotiation and execution and delivery of this Agreement), (ii) no event has
occurred and no action has been taken that would have been prohibited by the
terms of Section 4.2 if such Section had been in effect as of and at all
times since June 30, 2004, except for such events and actions that do not and
would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Company Material Adverse Effect and (iii) there has not been any change,
event, condition, circumstance or state of facts (whether or not covered by
insurance) that has had or that would reasonably be expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse
Effect.   (l) No Undisclosed Material Liabilities. There are no liabilities
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any kind whatsoever, whether
accrued, contingent, absolute, determined, determinable or otherwise, that do
have or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect, other than (i) liabilities
reflected in the Company\'s financial statements (together with the related
notes thereto) filed with the Company\'s Quarterly Report on Form 10Q for the
fiscal quarter ended   15   June 30, 2004, (ii) liabilities incurred in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (iii)
liabilities that were incurred in the ordinary course of business since June
30, 2004.   (m) Opinion of Financial Advisor. The Special Committee and
the Board of Directors of the Company have received the opinion of Banc of
America Securities LLC (the "Financial Advisor"), dated October 17, 2004, to
the effect that, as of such date and subject to the qualifications stated
therein, the Merger Consideration to be received by the holders of Company
Common Stock in the Merger (other than Parent, Acquisition and their
respective subsidiaries and affiliates and the Rollover Stockholders) is fair
from a financial point of view to such holders.   (n) Environmental
Matters. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (i) is, to the
knowledge of the Company, the subject of any federal, state, local or foreign
investigation, (ii) has received any written notice or claim within the past
twelve months or (iii) has entered into any negotiations or agreements with
any Governmental Entity, in each of the cases described in subclauses (i),
(ii) and (iii) above, relating to any material liability or material remedial
action or potential material liability or material remedial action under any
Environmental Laws (as defined below). Except as does not have and would not
reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, there has
been no Release (as defined below) by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or, to the knowledge of the Company, there has been no Release by any other
party or any threat of a Release, of any Hazardous Substance on, at, from or,
to the knowledge of the Company, to any Company Real Property and (ii) none
of the Company Owned Real Property (as defined below) or Company Leased Real
Property (as defined below) has been used by the Company and its
Subsidiaries, or, to the knowledge of the Company, any other party, for
the storage, treatment, generation, transportation, processing, handling,
production or disposal of any Hazardous Substance or as a landfill or other
waste disposal site. As used in this Agreement, (i) the term "Environmental
Law" means any Law relating to the protection of the environment, health,
safety and natural resources, including for the prevention of pollution or
contamination, or the cleanup, regulation and protection of the air, water or
soil in the indoor or outdoor environment, (ii) the term "Release" means the
spill, emission, leaking, pumping, injecting, deposit, disposal, discharge,
dispersal, leaching or migrating of any Hazardous Substance into the indoor
or outdoor environment and (iii) the term "Hazardous Substances" means any
pollutant, contaminant, effluent, emission, radioactive substance, toxic
substance, hazardous waste, hazardous material, medical waste, radioactive
waste, special waste, petroleum or petroleum derived substance or waste,
asbestos (and any substance containing asbestos), polychlorinated biphenyls,
flammable explosives, methane, chemicals known to cause cancer or
reproductive toxicity, any material that, because of its quantity,
concentration or physical, chemical or infectious characteristics, may cause
or pose a present or potential threat to human health or the environment when
improperly used, treated, stored, disposed of, generated, manufactured,
transported, or otherwise handled, all other substances or related materials
defined as hazardous or toxic in, or otherwise included within the scope of,
any Environmental Law, and any hazardous or toxic constituent thereof.   (o)
Vote Required. Assuming that the representations and warranties made by
Parent and Acquisition in Section 3.2(h) are true and correct,
the affirmative vote of the holders of (i) a majority of the shares of
Company Common Stock outstanding as of the record date for the Special
Meeting (such vote is sometimes referred to as the "Required Vote") and (ii)
a majority of the shares of Company Common Stock outstanding as of the record
date for the   16   Special Meeting, excluding the shares of Company
Common Stock held by Parent, Acquisition or any of their respective
affiliates and by the Rollover Stockholders (such vote is sometimes referred
to as the "Disinterested Vote") are the only votes of the holders of any
class or series of the Company\'s capital stock or other securities necessary
(under applicable Law or otherwise) to adopt this Agreement and to consummate
the Merger and perform the other transactions contemplated hereby.   (p)
Board Recommendation. The Board of Directors of the Company, at a meeting
duly called and held on October 17, 2004, has, upon recommendation of the
Special Committee, by the vote of those directors present (i) determined that
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including
the Merger, are advisable and fair to and in the best interests of the
Company and the stockholders of the Company and has approved the same and
(ii) resolved to recommend, subject to their fiduciary duties under
applicable Law and subject to Section 5.2(d), that the holders of the shares
of Company Common Stock approve and adopt this Agreement.   (q)
Intellectual Property. Except as does not have or would not reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material
Adverse Effect, (i) the Company and its Subsidiaries own or have a license or
other right to use all patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names,
copyrights, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights used
in their respective businesses as currently conducted (collectively,
"Company Intellectual Property"), and (ii) neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries has received written notice indicating that any of the
Company Intellectual Property infringes upon the intellectual property rights
of any third party.   (r) Properties. The Company Disclosure Schedule
contains a complete and accurate listing of all real property owned by the
Company and its Subsidiaries (the "Company Owned Real Property"). The Company
or a Subsidiary thereof has good, valid and marketable title to all of the
Company Owned Real Property and all of their other material properties and
assets, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except (A) imperfections of
title and encumbrances that are not material in character, amount or extent
and that do not, in any material respect, detract from the value of, or, in
any material respect, interfere with the present use of, such properties or
assets, (B) Liens for Taxes not yet due and payable or being contested in
good faith by appropriate proceedings, (C) statutory or common law Liens
under leases or rental agreements which are confined to the premises or
property leased or rented, (D) deposits or pledges made in connection with,
or to secure payment of, worker\'s compensation, unemployment insurance or
old age pension programs mandated under applicable Law, (E) statutory or
common law Liens in favor of carriers, warehousemen, mechanics and
materialmen and other statutory or common law Liens to secure claims for
labor, materials or supplies, (F) purchase money security interests incurred
in connection with the purchase of property or assets that are reflected in
the financial statements included in the SEC Documents filed prior to the
date of this Agreement that are limited to the property or assets
so acquired, and (G) with respect to Company Owned Real Property only,
Liens reflected in title records. Except as does not have and would
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company
Material Adverse Effect, the Company or one of its Subsidiaries has a good
and valid leasehold interest in each parcel of real property leased by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries (the "Company Leased Property"). Except as
does not have and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or
in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect, (A) the Company or one
of its Subsidiaries has the right to use and occupancy of the Company Leased
Property for the full   17   term of the lease or sublease relating
thereto, (B) each such lease or sublease is a legal, valid and binding
agreement, enforceable in accordance with its terms, of the Company or a
Subsidiary thereof and of the other parties thereto, and there is no, nor has
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries received notice of, any material
default thereunder, and (C) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
has assigned its interest under any such lease or sublease or sublet any part
of the premises covered thereby.   (s) Insurance. The Company and its
Subsidiaries are covered by valid and currently effective insurance policies
issued in favor of the Company and its Subsidiaries that are customary in all
material respects for companies of similar size and financial condition in
the Company\'s industry. All such policies are in full force and effect, all
premiums due and payable thereon have been paid and the Company and its
Subsidiaries have complied with the provisions of such policies, except where
such failure to be in full force and effect, such nonpayment or such
noncompliance does not have and would not reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect. Except
as does not have and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually
or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect, none of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries has been advised of any defense to coverage or
reservation of rights in connection with any claim to coverage asserted
or noticed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under or in connection
with any of their existing insurance policies. None of the Company or
its Subsidiaries has received any written notice from or on behalf of any
insurance carrier issuing policies or binders relating to or covering the
Company or its Subsidiaries that there will be a cancellation or non-renewal
of existing policies or binders or a material decrease in coverage or a
material increase in deductible or self insurance retention.   (t) Labor
Matters. None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party to, or is
bound by, any collective bargaining agreement, contract or other agreement or
understanding with a labor union or labor organization. There is (i) no
strike or material labor dispute, slowdown or stoppage pending or, to the
knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, and (ii) to the knowledge of the Company, no union
certification petition has been filed with respect to the employees of the
Company or its Subsidiaries.   (u) Contracts. (A) Subsections (i) through
(iii) of Exhibit 3.1(u) to this Agreement each contain, as of the date of
this Agreement, a complete and accurate listing of the following contracts,
agreements, commitments, leases, licenses, arrangements, instruments and
obligations, whether written or oral (and, if oral, a complete and accurate
summary thereof), to which the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company is a
party, together with all amendments, waivers or other changes thereto:  
(i) each contract, agreement, commitment, lease, license,  arrangement,
instrument and/or obligation which is reasonably likely to  involve aggregate
annual payments by the Company or any Subsidiary of the  Company of more than
$5,000,000;   (ii) all contracts and agreements relating to (A) any 
indebtedness (which does not include accounts payable incurred in the 
ordinary course of business), notes payable (including notes payable in 
connection with acquisitions), accrued interest payable or other  obligations
for borrowed money, whether current, short-term, or long-   18    term,
secured or unsecured, of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (B)  any
purchase money indebtedness or earn-out or similar obligation in  respect of
purchases of property or assets by the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries,
(C) any lease obligations of the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries under
leases which are capital leases in accordance with  GAAP, (D) any financing
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries effected  through "special purpose
entities" or synthetic leases or project  financing, (E) any obligations of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries  in respect of banker\'s acceptances
or letters of credit (other than  stand-by letters of credit in support of
ordinary course trade payables),  (F) any obligation or liability of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries  with respect to interest rate swaps,
collars, caps, currency derivatives  and similar hedging obligations or (G)
any guaranty of any of the  foregoing (the liabilities and obligations
referred to in (A) through (G)  above, "Indebtedness") in excess of
$1,000,000, or any Liens upon any  properties or assets of the Company or any
Subsidiary of the Company as  security for such Indebtedness; and   (iii)
all contracts, agreements and arrangements entered into  since August 1, 2002
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and any  other Person providing for
the acquisition by the Company or such  Subsidiary (including by merger,
consolidation, acquisition of stock or  assets or any other business
combination) of any corporation, partnership,  other business organization or
division or unit thereof or any material  amount of assets of such other
Person that involved or involves the  payment of consideration in excess of
$10,000,000.   (B) Except for matters that do not and would not reasonably
be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material
Adverse Effect, (i) none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is (with
or without the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both) in breach or
default in any material respect under any contract, lease, license or other
agreement or instrument, (ii) to the knowledge of the Company, none of the
other parties to any such contract, lease, license or other agreement or
instrument is (with or without the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or
both) in breach or default in any material respect thereunder and (iii)
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written
notice of the intention of any party to terminate or cancel any such
contract, lease, license or other agreement or instrument whether as a
termination or cancellation for convenience or for default of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries.   (v) Affiliate Contracts and Affiliated
Transactions. Except as described in the Company SEC Documents filed prior to
the date hereof, no executive officer or director of the Company or of any
Subsidiary of the Company (or, to the Company\'s knowledge, any family member
of any such Person who is an individual or any entity in which any such
Person or any such family member owns a material beneficial interest) or any
Person owning 5% or more of the Company Common Stock is a party to any
material contract, agreement, commitment, lease, license, arrangement,
instrument, obligation, transaction or understanding with or binding upon the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or
assets or has any material interest in any material property owned by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or has engaged in any material transaction
with any of the foregoing within the last twelve months.   (w) Rights
Agreement Amendment. The Company has entered into an amendment to the Rights
Agreement pursuant to which (i) the Rights Agreement and the Rights will not
be applicable to the Merger, (ii) the execution of this Agreement and the
consummation   19   of the Merger shall not result in a "Distribution
Date" (as defined in the Rights Agreement), (iii) consummation of the Merger
shall not result in Welsh, Carson, Anderson and Stowe IX, L.P. ("WCAS"),
Parent, Acquisition, the Rollover Stockholders or their respective spouses,
associates, affiliates, general partners and limited partners or Subsidiaries
being an "Acquiring Person" (as defined in the Rights Agreement), result in
the occurrence of a "Triggering Event" (as defined in the Rights Agreement)
or otherwise result in the ability of any Person to exercise any rights under
the Rights Agreement or enable or require the Rights to separate from the
shares of Company Common Stock to which they are attached and (iv) the Rights
Agreement and the Rights will expire immediately prior to the Effective
Time.   (x) State Takeover Statutes. No "fair price," "moratorium,"
"control share acquisition" or other similar anti-takeover statute or
regulation enacted under any state Law (with the exception of Section 203 of
the DGCL) applicable to the Company is applicable to the Merger or the other
transactions contemplated hereby. The Board of Directors of the Company has
taken all action necessary to approve WCAS, Parent, Acquisition, the Rollover
Stockholders and their respective spouses, associates, affiliates, general
partners and limited partners and Subsidiaries, or any combination thereof,
becoming "interested stockholders" (within the meaning of Section 203 of the
DGCL), in connection with negotiating and entering into agreements or
otherwise having arrangements or understandings, in each case among
themselves solely in connection with the participation of all or any of them
in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and/or the ownership of
Parent.   3.2. Representations and Warranties of Parent and Acquisition.
Except as set forth in the disclosure schedule of Parent and Acquisition (the
"Parent Disclosure Schedule"), Parent and Acquisition hereby jointly and
severally represent and warrant to the Company as follows:   (a)
Organization, Standing and Power. Each of Parent and Acquisition is a
corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under
the Laws of the State of Delaware and has all requisite corporate power
and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its
business as now being conducted. Each of Parent and Acquisition is duly
qualified or licensed to do business as a foreign corporation and in good
standing to conduct business in each jurisdiction in which the business it is
conducting, or the operation, ownership or leasing of its properties, makes
such qualification or licensing necessary, other than in such jurisdictions
where the failure to so be qualified, licensed or in good standing would not
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Parent
Material Adverse Effect (as hereinafter defined). Each of Parent and
Acquisition has heretofore made available to the Company complete and correct
copies of its certificate of incorporation and bylaws (or other
organizational documents). Neither Parent nor Acquisition is in violation of
or default under the provisions of any such organizational documents, except
for any such violations or defaults that would not be reasonably expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Parent Material Adverse Effect.  
(b) Capital Structure. As of the date of this Agreement, the authorized
capital stock of Parent consists of 100 shares of common stock of Parent, all
of which shares have been validly issued and are fully-paid, nonassessable
and owned by WCAS. The authorized capital stock of Acquisition consists of
100 shares of Acquisition Common Stock, all of which shares are fully-paid,
nonassessable and owned by Parent. Parent has never had and does not have any
Subsidiaries other than Acquisition, and Acquisition has never had and does
not have any Subsidiaries.   20    (c) Authority; No Violations; Consents
and Approvals.   (i) Each of Parent and Acquisition has all requisite
corporate  power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform
its  obligations under this Agreement. Each of Parent\'s and Acquisition\'s 
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated hereby by Parent and Acquisition have been duly 
authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Parent and 
Acquisition. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Parent 
and Acquisition and, assuming the due execution and delivery by the  Company,
constitutes the valid and binding obligation of Parent and  Acquisition
enforceable against them in accordance with its terms except  as the
enforcement hereof may be limited by (A) applicable bankruptcy,  insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or other  similar Laws now
or hereafter in effect relating to creditors\' rights  generally and (B)
general principles of equity (regardless of whether  enforceability is
considered in a proceeding at Law or in equity).   (ii) The execution and
delivery of this Agreement and the  consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby by Parent and  Acquisition will not result in any
Violation of (A) any provision of the  Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws
of Parent or Acquisition, (B) any  loan or credit agreement, note, bond,
mortgage, deed of trust, indenture,  lease, plan, permit or other agreement,
obligation, instrument,  concession, franchise or license to which Parent or
Acquisition is a party  or by which any of their properties or assets are
bound, (C) assuming that  all consents, approvals, authorizations and other
actions described in  Section 3.2(c)(iii) have been obtained and all filings
and obligations  described in Section 3.2(c)(iii) have been made or
fulfilled, any Law  applicable to Parent or Acquisition or to their
properties or assets or  (D) any Order applicable to Parent or Acquisition or
to their properties  or assets, except, in the case of clauses (B), (C) and
(D) only, for any  Violations that do not and could not reasonably be
expected to have,  individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse
effect on the  business, assets, liabilities, financial condition or results
of  operations of Parent and Acquisition, taken as a whole, or on the
ability  of Parent or Acquisition to perform its obligations under this
Agreement  (a "Parent Material Adverse Effect").   (iii) No consent,
approval, franchise, license, order or  authorization of, or registration,
declaration or filing with, notice,  application or certification to, or
permit, waiver or exemption from any  Governmental Entity is required by or
with respect to Parent or  Acquisition in connection with its execution and
delivery of this  Agreement or the consummation by Parent or Acquisition of
the transactions  contemplated hereby, except for (A) the requirements of
Competition Laws  applicable to the transactions contemplated hereby, (B) the
filing with  the SEC of the Schedule 13E-3 and such other schedules or
reports under  and such other compliance with the Exchange Act as may be
required in  connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby,  (C) the filing of the Certificate of Merger and any related
documents with  the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, (D) such
filings and  approvals as may be required by any applicable state securities,
"blue  sky" or takeover Laws and (E) such other consents, approvals,
franchises,  licenses, orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations,
filings,  notices, applications, certifications, permits, waivers and
exemptions the  failure of which to be obtained or made have not and could
not reasonably  be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Parent Material  Adverse Effect.   21    (d) Information Supplied. None
of the information to be supplied by Parent and Acquisition specifically for
inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Proxy Statement will, on the
date it is first mailed to the holders of Company Common Stock or on the
Meeting Date, and none of the information supplied or to be supplied by
Parent specifically for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the
Schedule 13E-3 will, at the time of its filing with the SEC, contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made,
not misleading. If, at any time prior to the Meeting Date, any event with
respect to Parent or Acquisition, or with respect to information supplied by
Parent or Acquisition specifically for inclusion in the Proxy Statement or
the Schedule 13E-3, shall occur which is required to be described in an
amendment of, or supplement to, the Proxy Statement or the Schedule 13E-3,
such event shall be so described by Parent or Acquisition and included by the
parties hereto in the Schedule 13E-3 or provided to the Company for inclusion
in the Proxy Statement. All documents that Parent and Acquisition are
responsible for filing with the SEC in connection with the transactions
contemplated herein will comply as to form, in all material respects, with
the applicable provisions of the Exchange Act, and each such document
required to be filed with any Governmental Entity other than the SEC will
comply in all material respects with the provisions of applicable Law as to
the information required to be contained therein. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, neither Parent nor Acquisition makes any representation or
warranty with respect to the information supplied or to be supplied by the
Company for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Proxy Statement or
the Schedule 13E-3.   (e) Limited Operations of Parent and Acquisition.
Parent and Acquisition were each formed on October 14, 2004 solely for the
purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated hereby. Neither Parent
nor Acquisition has engaged in any other business activities. Except for (i)
obligations or liabilities incurred in connection with its organization and
the transactions contemplated hereby and (ii) this Agreement and any other
agreements and arrangements contemplated hereby or entered into in
furtherance hereof, neither Parent nor Acquisition has incurred any material
obligations or liabilities or engaged in any business activities. As of the
date of this Agreement, Parent, Acquisition and their respective affiliates
own less than 5% of the outstanding Company Common Stock.   (f) Financing.
Parent has received, executed and delivered a commitment letter, dated as of
October 17, 2004 (the "Senior Bank and Bridge Loan Commitment Letter") from
JPMorgan Chase Bank, Wachovia Bank, National Association and Merrill Lynch
Capital Corporation (the "Lenders") and certain of their affiliates, pursuant
to which the Lenders have committed, subject to the terms and conditions set
forth therein, to provide to Acquisition (i) up to $780,000,000 in senior
secured debt financing ($480,000,000 of which would be in the form of term
loans and $300,000,000 of which would be in the form of a revolving credit
facility) and (ii) in the event that Acquisition is unable to complete at the
Closing a public offering or a Rule 144A or other private placement offering
of not less than $660,000,000 of senior subordinated notes, up to
$660,000,000 of bridge financing in the form of senior
subordinated increasing rate bridge loans, in each case, to complete the
transactions contemplated hereby (such financing described in the Senior Bank
and Bridge Loan Commitment Letter, the "Bank Financing"). In addition, Parent
has received, executed and delivered (i) commitment letters, dated as of
October 17, 2004 (the "Equity Commitment Letters") from WCAS and Thoma Cressy
Fund VII, L.P. ("TCEP") pursuant to which WCAS and TCEP have committed,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, to provide to Parent
an aggregate $617,200,000 in cash in exchange for shares of capital stock of
Parent and (ii) a commitment letter, dated as of   22     October 17,
2004 (the "WCAS CP IV Commitment Letter", and together with the Senior Bank
and Bridge Loan Commitment Letter and the Equity Commitment Letters, the
"Financing Letters") from WCAS Capital Partners IV, L.P. ("WCAS CP
IV") pursuant to which WCAS CP IV has committed, subject to the terms and
conditions set forth therein, to provide to Parent $150,000,000 in cash in
exchange for senior subordinated notes and shares of capital stock of Parent,
in each case, to complete the transactions contemplated hereby. True and
complete copies of the Financing Letters as in effect on the date of this
Agreement have been furnished to the Company. As of the date of this
Agreement, the Financing Letters are valid and in full force and effect. The
financing sources\' obligations to fund the commitments under the Financing
Letters are not subject to any conditions other than as set forth in the
Financing Letters. No event has occurred that (with or without notice, lapse
of time, or both) would constitute a default under the Financing Letters on
the part of Parent or Acquisition. Neither Parent nor Acquisition is aware of
any reason, fact or circumstance existing on the date of this Agreement that
(A) makes or is reasonably likely to make any of the statements set forth in
any Financing Letter inaccurate, (B) has caused or is reasonably likely to
cause any Financing Letter to not be in full force and effect or (C)
precludes or is reasonably likely to preclude the satisfaction of the
conditions set forth in any Financing Letter. Parent has paid all commitment
and other fees required to be paid under the Financing Letters on or prior to
the date hereof (and will pay all such fees that are required to be paid
after the date hereof).   (g) Solvency. Neither Parent nor Acquisition is
entering into the transactions contemplated by this Agreement with actual
intent to hinder, delay or defraud either present or future creditors.
Neither Parent nor Acquisition is in breach of default of any obligation owed
to any creditor for Indebtedness or any other creditor who may have a Lien on
any of its rights and assets. Neither Parent nor Acquisition has, either
voluntarily or involuntarily, (i) filed or consented to the filing against it
of a petition in bankruptcy or a petition to take advantage of an insolvency
Law, (ii) made an assignment for the benefit of creditors, (iii) consented to
the appointment of a receiver for itself or for the whole or any substantial
part of its property, (iv) had a petition in bankruptcy filed against it, or
(v) been adjudged bankrupt or filed a petition or answer seeking
reorganization or arrangement under the federal bankruptcy Laws or any other
Laws. After giving effect to the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby and the debt incurred to finance such transactions, (A)
the sum of the present fair saleable value of the assets of the Surviving
Corporation will exceed the sum of its total liabilities, (B) the Surviving
Corporation will not have incurred, nor believed that it will have incurred,
debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as such debts mature, and (C) the
Surviving Corporation will have sufficient capital with which to conduct its
current businesses and proposed businesses, and the property of the Surviving
Corporation will not constitute unreasonably small capital with which to
conduct its present businesses and proposed businesses.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained above, (A) each
representation and warranty contained in this Section 3.2(g) that is being
made on the date hereof with respect to the Surviving Corporation after
giving effect to the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby is
made on the date hereof assuming that (i) the Company\'s representations and
warranties in Sections 3.1(d), 3.1(h) and 3.1(l) are true and correct, in
each case, in all respects (without giving effect to any knowledge,
materiality or Material Adverse Effect or similar qualifier), (ii) no
circumstance, event or condition (or aggregation of circumstances, events or
conditions) occurring after the date of this Agreement will have had at the
Effective Time a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the
Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and (iii) the Company will
comply in all respects with its obligations under Sections 4.1 and 4.2 hereof
at all times between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time and
(B) all certifications in the bring-down   23   certificate required
under Section 6.3(a) that relate to this Section 3.2(g) shall be made
assuming that all certificates delivered by the Company at Closing pursuant
to Sections 6.2(a) and (b) are true and correct, in each case, in
all respects (without giving effect to any knowledge, materiality or
Material Adverse Effect or similar qualifier).   (h) Delaware Law. None of
Parent, Acquisition or any of their respective affiliates was an "interested
stockholder" as such term is defined in Section 203 of the DGCL (other than
as a result of a transaction approved by the Board of Directors of the
Company as described in Section 203(a)(1) of the DGCL) at any time during the
three-year period immediately preceding the execution and delivery of this
Agreement.   ARTICLE IV   COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS  
4.1. Affirmative Covenants of the Company. During the period from the date of
this Agreement to the Effective Time, except (i) as set forth on Exhibit
4.1 or as otherwise expressly contemplated by this Agreement or (ii) to the
extent that Parent shall otherwise consent in writing, the Company shall, and
shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to carry on in all material respects
their respective businesses in the usual, regular and ordinary course in
substantially the same manner as heretofore conducted.   4.2. Negative
Covenants of the Company. During the period from the date of this Agreement
to the Effective Time, except (i) as set forth on Exhibit 4.2 or as otherwise
expressly contemplated by this Agreement or (ii) to the extent that Parent
shall otherwise consent in writing, the Company shall not, and shall
not permit any of its Subsidiaries to:   (a) (i) declare, set aside or pay
dividends on, or make other distributions (whether in cash, stock or
property) in respect of, any capital stock (other than cash dividends and
distributions by Subsidiaries of the Company to the Company or a wholly-owned
Subsidiary of the Company or the Company\'s regular quarterly dividend), or
set aside funds therefor, (ii) adjust, split, combine or reclassify any
capital stock, or issue, authorize or propose the issuance of any other
securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for, any capital
stock or (iii) purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any capital stock or
securities directly or indirectly convertible into, or exercisable or
exchangeable for, capital stock, or set aside funds therefor (except upon the
exercise of Company Stock Options outstanding on the date of this Agreement
as set forth on Exhibit 2.3(a) to the extent cashless exercises are provided
for in the Stock Plan governing such Company Stock Option);   (b) (i) except
for shares of Company Common Stock issuable pursuant to Company Stock Options
outstanding on the date of this Agreement that are issued in accordance with
the current terms thereof and the Stock Plans, issue, deliver, hypothecate,
pledge, sell or otherwise encumber any shares of capital stock, any other
voting securities or any securities directly or indirectly convertible into,
or exercisable or exchangeable for, capital stock or other voting securities,
or any "phantom" stock, "phantom" stock rights, stock appreciation rights or
stock based performance units or (ii) amend the terms of any outstanding debt
or equity security (including any Company Stock Option) or any Stock
Plan;   24    (c) amend or propose to amend its certificate or articles
of incorporation or bylaws (or other organizational documents);   (d) (i)
merge or consolidate with, or acquire any interest in, any Person or division
or unit thereof, (ii) acquire or agree to acquire any assets, except for
acquisitions of inventory, equipment, raw materials, tools and other assets
in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice or (iii)
make any loan, advance or capital contribution to, or otherwise make
any investment in, any Person other than loans or advances to, or investments
in, wholly-owned Subsidiaries of the Company existing on the date of this
Agreement in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;
provided, that the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) shall not prohibit any
acquisition (or series of related acquisitions) which does not involve, and
is not reasonably expected at the time of consummation thereof to involve,
payments by the Company and its Subsidiaries in excess of (A) $10,000,000 in
respect of any single acquisition or series of related acquisitions or (B)
$100,000,000, when taken together with all other such acquisitions made after
the date hereof pursuant to this proviso and the amount of all capital
expenditures made after the date hereof pursuant to the CapEx Basket (as
hereinafter defined) (the foregoing proviso, the "Acquisition Basket");  
(e) sell, lease, license, encumber or otherwise dispose of, or subject to any
Lien, any of its assets, other than (i) sales of inventory in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice and (ii) other dispositions
so long as the aggregate value of all assets so disposed does not exceed
$10,000,000;   (f) authorize, recommend, propose or announce an intention to
adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation or dissolution;   (g)
except for increases in the compensation of employees (other than employees
who are directors or executive officers) made in the ordinary course of
business and consistent with past practice, and except as may be required by
applicable Law or pursuant to any Plan or any employment agreement existing
on the date of this Agreement, (i) grant to any current or former director,
officer or employee any material increase in compensation,
severance, termination pay or fringe or other benefits, (ii) enter into any
new, or amend (including by accelerating rights or benefits under) any
existing, employment, indemnification, change of control, severance or
termination agreement with any current or former director or executive
officer or (iii) establish, adopt or become obligated under any new Plan or
collective bargaining agreement or amend (including by accelerating rights or
benefits under) any such Plan or arrangement in existence on the date hereof
(except, in each case, to the extent required by applicable Law);   (h) (i)
assume, incur or guarantee any Indebtedness after the date hereof in excess
of $5,000,000 in the aggregate at any one time outstanding, (ii) issue or
sell any debt securities or warrants or rights to acquire any
debt securities, (iii) guarantee any other obligations of any other Person or
(iv) enter into any "keep well" or other agreement to maintain the
financial condition of any other Person or any other agreement having the
same economic effect;   (i) other than as required by SEC guidelines, GAAP
or applicable Law, revalue any material assets or make any changes with
respect to accounting policies, procedures and practices or change its fiscal
year;   25    (j) settle or compromise any pending or threatened
claims, litigation, arbitrations or other proceedings (A) involving potential
payments by or to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of more than
$1,000,000 in the aggregate, (B) that admit liability or consent to material
non-monetary relief, or (C) that otherwise would reasonably be expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse
Effect;   (k) (i) other than with respect to the Debt Offers (as
hereinafter defined), pay, discharge or satisfy any other claims, liabilities
or obligations (absolute, accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent or
otherwise), other than in the ordinary course of business and consistent with
past practice, (ii) cancel any Indebtedness, (iii) waive or assign any claims
or rights that would reasonably be expected to have a value exceeding
$1,000,000 or (iv) waive any material benefits of, or agree to modify in any
material respect, or materially fail to enforce, or consent to any material
matter with respect to which consent is required under, any material
confidentiality, standstill or similar agreement to which the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries is a party (except for the Confidentiality
Agreement);   (l) (i) make or rescind any material tax election, (ii) take
any tax position or settle or compromise any claim, action, suit,
arbitration, investigation, audit, examination, litigation, proceeding
(whether judicial or administrative) or matter in controversy relating to
taxes (A) involving potential payments by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries of more than $1,000,000 in the aggregate, (B) that admit
liability or consent to any material non-monetary relief, or (C) that
otherwise would reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate to
have a Company Material Adverse Effect, or (iii) make any material change to
its method of reporting income, deductions or other tax items for tax
purposes;   (m) enter into any new line of business;   (n) make any
capital expenditure; provided that the Company and its Subsidiaries shall be
permitted to make any capital expenditure (or series of related capital
expenditures) of less than $10,000,000, individually, or $100,000,000, when
taken together with all other capital expenditures made after the date hereof
pursuant to this proviso and the aggregate amount of all acquisitions made
after the date hereof pursuant to the Acquisition Basket (the foregoing
proviso, the "CapEx Basket");   (o) enter into any material contract,
agreement or arrangement to the extent consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or compliance by the Company with the
provisions of this Agreement could reasonably be expected to result in a
Violation of such contract, agreement or arrangement;   (p) enter into,
modify, amend, cancel or terminate any contract, agreement or arrangement
which if so entered into, modified, amended or terminated would reasonably be
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect or in a manner that would
cause a breach of this Agreement;   (q) subject to Section 5.2, alter
(through merger, liquidation, reorganization, restructuring or any other
fashion) the corporate structure or ownership of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries;   (r) subject to Section 5.2, except to the extent that the
Board of Directors of the Company (acting through the Special Committee)
deems necessary or advisable in   26   connection with the entering into
of a Permitted Alternative Agreement (as hereinafter defined) in compliance
with the provisions of this Agreement, (i) redeem the Rights, or amend or
modify or terminate the Rights Agreement other than to delay the Distribution
Date (as defined in the Rights Agreement) with respect to, or to render the
Rights inapplicable to, the execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) permit the Rights to
become nonredeemable at the redemption price currently in effect, or (iii)
take any action which would allow any Person other than Parent or Acquisition
or any of their affiliates to become the Beneficial Owner (as defined in the
Rights Agreement) of 15% or more of the Company Common Stock without causing
a Distribution Date (as defined in the Rights Agreement) or a Shares
Acquisition Date (as defined in the Rights Agreement) to occur or otherwise
take any action which would render the Rights Agreement inapplicable to any
transaction contemplated by such Person;   (s) knowingly or intentionally
take any action that results or is reasonably likely to result in any of the
representations or warranties of the Company hereunder being untrue in any
material respect; or   (t) agree to or make any commitment to take any
actions prohibited by this Section 4.2.   ARTICLE V   ADDITIONAL
AGREEMENTS   5.1. Access to Information; Confidentiality. Except for
information relating to Company Acquisition Proposals and information that,
if provided, would adversely affect the ability of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries to assert attorney-client or attorney work product privilege or
a similar privilege or as limited by applicable Law, during the period from
the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, the Company shall, and
shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, afford to the officers, employees,
accountants, counsel and other representatives of Parent and Acquisition
(including financing sources and their officers, employees, accountants,
counsel and other representatives), during normal business hours and upon
reasonable request, reasonable access to (i) all of the Company\'s and its
Subsidiaries\' books, records, leases, licenses, and contracts (ii) subject
to the Company\'s prior written consent in each instance (which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), to the Company\'s and
its Subsidiaries\' properties, customers, officers, employees, accountants,
counsel and other representatives who have material knowledge relating to the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries and (iii) to financial and operating data
and other information relating the Company and its Subsidiaries. Parent and
Acquisition shall conduct any investigation under this Section 5.1 is a
manner that does not unreasonably interfere with the conduct of the business
of the Company and its Subsidiaries. The Confidentiality Agreement, dated
August 27, 2004, between WCAS and the Company (the "Confidentiality
Agreement"), shall apply with respect to information furnished thereunder or
hereunder and any other activities contemplated thereby or hereby, and Parent
and Acquisition shall comply with the provisions of the Confidentiality
Agreement.   5.2. No Solicitation.   27    (a) During the period
beginning on the date of this Agreement and continuing until 12:01 a.m. (EST)
on November 6, 2004 (the "Exclusivity Period Start Date"), the Company and
its Subsidiaries and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents,
advisors, affiliates and other representatives (such Persons, together with
the Subsidiaries of the Company, collectively, the "Company Representatives")
shall have the right (acting under the direction of the Special Committee) to
(i) initiate, solicit and encourage Company Acquisition Proposals (as
hereinafter defined), including by way of providing access to non-public
information pursuant to (but only pursuant to) one or more Acceptable
Confidentiality Agreements (as hereinafter defined); provided that the
Company shall promptly provide to Parent any material non-public
information concerning the Company or its Subsidiaries that is provided to
any Person given such access which was not previously provided to Parent and
(ii) enter into and maintain or continue discussions or negotiations with
respect to Company Acquisition Proposals or otherwise cooperate with or
assist or participate in, or facilitate any such inquiries, proposals,
discussions or negotiations.   (b) Subject to Section 5.2(c) and except as
may relate to any Person or group of related Persons from whom the Company
has received, after the date hereof and prior to the Exclusivity Period Start
Date, a written indication of interest that the Board of Directors of the
Company (acting through the Special Committee if such committee still exists)
reasonably believes is bona fide and could reasonably be expected to result
in a Superior Proposal (as hereinafter defined) (each such Person or group,
an "Excluded Party"), from the Exclusivity Period Start Date until the
Effective Time or, if earlier, the termination of this Agreement in
accordance with Article VII, the Company shall not, and shall not direct,
authorize or permit any of the Company Representatives, and shall
be responsible for noncompliance with the following provisions by any of
the foregoing, to, directly or indirectly, (A) initiate, solicit or
encourage (including by way of providing information) any prospective
purchaser in a manner that, or the invitation or submission of any inquiries,
proposals or offers or any other efforts or attempts that constitute or, may
reasonably be expected to lead to any Company Acquisition Proposal or engage
in any discussions or negotiations with respect thereto or otherwise
cooperate with or assist or participate in, or facilitate any such inquiries,
proposals, discussions or negotiations or (B) accept a Company Acquisition
Proposal or enter into any agreement or agreement in principle (other than an
Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement) providing for or relating to a Company
Acquisition Proposal or enter into any agreement or agreement in principle
requiring the Company to abandon, terminate or fail to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby or breach its obligations hereunder. Subject
to Section 5.2(c) and except as may relate to an Excluded Party, on the
Exclusivity Period Start Date the Company shall immediately cease and cause
to be terminated any existing solicitation, encouragement, discussion or
negotiation with any Persons conducted heretofore by the Company or any
Company Representatives with respect to any Company Acquisition Proposal.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company (A)
shall not, and shall not permit any of the Company Representatives to,
provide any non-public information to any Excluded Party without first
entering into an Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement and (B) will promptly
provide to Parent any material non-public information concerning the Company
or its Subsidiaries provided to any Excluded Party which was not previously
provided to Parent.   (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
in Section 5.2(b), if at any time prior to obtaining Company Stockholder
Approval, (i) the Company has otherwise complied with its obligations under
this Section 5.2 and the Company has received a written Company Acquisition
Proposal from a third party that the Board of Directors of the Company  
28   (acting through the Special Committee if such committee still exists)
believes in good faith to be bona fide, (ii) the Board of Directors of the
Company (acting through the Special Committee if such committee still exists)
determines in good faith, after consultation with its independent financial
advisors and outside counsel, that such Company Acquisition Proposal
constitutes or could reasonably be expected to constitute a Superior Proposal
and (iii) after consultation with its outside counsel, the Board of Directors
of the Company (acting through the Special Committee if such committee still
exists) determines in good faith that the failure to take such action would
be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties under applicable Law, then the
Company may (x) furnish information with respect to the Company and its
Subsidiaries to the Person making such Company Acquisition Proposal and (y)
participate in discussions or negotiations with the Person making such
Company Acquisition Proposal regarding such Company Acquisition Proposal;
provided, that the Company (A) will not, and will not allow Company
Representatives to, disclose any non-public information to such Person
without entering into an Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement and (B) will
promptly provide to Parent any material non-public information concerning the
Company or its Subsidiaries provided to such other Person which was not
previously provided to Parent. Nothing contained in this Section 5.2 shall
prohibit the Company or the Board of Directors of the Company (in each case,
acting through the Special Committee if such committee still exists)
from taking and disclosing to the Company\'s stockholders a position with
respect to a tender or exchange offer by a third party pursuant to Rules
14d-9 and 14e-2(a) promulgated under the Exchange Act or from making any
other disclosure required by applicable Law.   (d) Neither the Board of
Directors of the Company nor any committee thereof shall directly or
indirectly (i) (A) withdraw (or modify in a manner adverse to Parent and
Acquisition), or publicly propose to withdraw (or modify in a manner adverse
to Parent and Acquisition), the approval, recommendation or declaration of
advisability by such Board of Directors or any such committee thereof of this
Agreement, or the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or (B) recommend, adopt or approve, or propose publicly
to recommend, adopt or approve, any alternative Company Acquisition
Proposal, including any Permitted Alternative Agreement (any action described
in this clause (i) being referred to as an "Adverse Recommendation Change")
or (ii) approve or recommend, or publicly propose to approve or recommend, or
allow the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to execute or enter into, any
letter of intent, memorandum of understanding, agreement in principle, merger
agreement, acquisition agreement, option agreement, joint venture agreement,
partnership agreement or other similar agreement constituting or related to,
or that is intended to or could reasonably be expected to lead to, any
Company Acquisition Proposal (other than an Acceptable Confidentiality
Agreement and, to the extent a Company Acquisition Proposal involves the
issuance of securities to stockholders of the Company, other than an
appropriate confidentiality agreement that allows the Company to receive and
review confidential information with respect to proposed issuer of any such
securities); provided, that the Company shall not be prohibited from entering
into a Permitted Alternative Agreement (as hereinafter defined) in accordance
with Section 7.1(g). Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time prior to
obtaining Company Stockholder Approval, the Board of Directors of the Company
(acting through the Special Committee if such committee still exists) may
make an Adverse Recommendation Change if such Board of Directors determines
in good faith (after consultation with its independent financial advisors and
outside counsel) that failure to take such action would be inconsistent with
its fiduciary duties to the stockholders of the Company under applicable
Law.   29    (e) From and after the date hereof, the Company shall
provide notice to Parent of any intent to take any of the actions described
in Section 7.1(f) or to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1(g)
or to enter into a Permitted Alternative Agreement.   (f) As used in this
Agreement, "Company Acquisition Proposal" means any inquiry, proposal or
offer from any Person or group of Persons other than Parent or its affiliates
relating to any direct or indirect acquisition or purchase of a business that
constitutes 20% or more of the net revenues, net income or assets of the
Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or 20% or more of the
outstanding Company Common Stock, any tender offer or exchange offer that if
consummated would result in any Person or group of Persons beneficially
owning 20% or more of the outstanding Company Common Stock, or any merger,
reorganization, consolidation, share exchange, business
combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar
transaction involving the Company (or any Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the
Company whose business constitutes 20% or more of the net revenues, net
income or assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole).  
(g) As used in this Agreement, "Superior Proposal" means a
Company Acquisition Proposal (but changing the references to "20% or more" in
the definition of "Company Acquisition Proposal" to "50% or more") which the
Board of Directors of the Company (acting through the Special Committee) in
good faith determines (based on such matters as it deems relevant, including
the advice of its independent financial advisor and outside counsel), would,
if consummated, result in a transaction that is more favorable to the
stockholders of the Company, (in their capacities as stockholders) than the
transactions contemplated hereby (including any changes to the terms of this
Agreement proposed by Parent in response to such offer or otherwise).   (h)
As used in this Agreement, an "Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement" shall
mean a confidentiality and standstill agreement that contains provisions
which are no less favorable to the Company than those contained in the
Confidentiality Agreement.   5.3. Fees and Expenses.   (a) Except as
otherwise provided in this Section 5.3 and except with respect to claims for
damages incurred as a result of a material and willful breach of this
Agreement, all costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party incurring
such costs and expenses. The Company shall pay all costs and expenses in
connection with the printing and mailing of the Proxy Statement as well as
all SEC filing fees related thereto.   (b) In the event of any termination
of this Agreement (i) by Parent under Section 7.1(f), (ii) by the Company
under Section 7.1(g) or (iii) by Parent or the Company under Section 7.1(c)
or 7.1(h) if, but only if (in the case of termination under Section 7.1(c) or
Section 7.1(h) only) (A) a proposed Company Acquisition Proposal shall have
been communicated to the Board of Directors of the Company or the Special
Committee or publicly announced prior to the (x) Termination Date (as
hereinafter defined), in the case of a termination under Section 7.1(c), or
(y) Special Meeting, in the case of a termination under Section 7.1(h), and
(B) within twelve months after such termination pursuant to 7.1(c) or 7.1(h),
the Company (and/or its Subsidiaries) enter(s) into a definitive agreement
with the Person or group (or any affiliate of any such Person or any member
of such group) that made the Company Acquisition Proposal referred to in
clause   30   (A) above) with respect to, or consummate(s), a transaction
that would have constituted a Company Acquisition Proposal (the "Subsequent
Transaction"), then the Company shall (A) pay to WCAS Management Corporation
("WCAS Management"), a fee in the amount of $40,000,000 (the "Company
Termination Fee") and (B) reimburse WCAS Management for the documented out-
of-pocket fees and expenses reasonably incurred by it, Parent and Acquisition
in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby
(including fees and other amounts (including fees and other payments based on
a percentage of the Company Termination Fee or the proposed aggregate Merger
Consideration) payable to all banks, investment banking firms and other
financial institutions, and their respective agents and counsel, and all fees
of counsel, accountants, financial printers, experts and consultants to WCAS
Management, Parent and its affiliates) (the "Expenses") in an amount not to
exceed $750,000, in each case, in cash, by wire transfer of immediately
available funds to an account designated by WCAS Management. To the extent
required by Section 5.3(b), the Company shall pay the Company Termination Fee
to WCAS Management (x) in the case of a termination pursuant to Section
7.1(f) or 7.1(g), on the day of termination of this Agreement or (y) in the
case of a termination pursuant to Section 7.1(c) or 7.1(h), on the date, if
any, of the entering into of a definitive agreement with respect to, or the
consummation of, as the case may be, a Subsequent Transaction. The Company
shall reimburse such Expenses, to the extent required by this Section 5.3(b)
above, promptly after receiving an invoice therefor from Parent. Parent shall
deliver such invoice on or after the date on which the Company is obligated
to pay the Company Termination Fee to Parent under this Section 5.3(b). In
the event of any termination of this Agreement by Parent under Section 7.1(d)
where the breach or failure to perform giving rise to such right of
termination was a willful and knowing breach or failure to perform, on the
day of termination of this Agreement the Company shall pay to WCAS Management
a fee in the amount of $10,000,000 in cash, by wire transfer of immediately
available funds to an account designated by WCAS Management. In the event of
any termination of this Agreement by the Company under Section 7.1(e) where
the breach or failure to perform giving rise to such right of termination was
a willful and knowing breach or failure to perform, on the day of termination
of this Agreement Parent shall pay to the Company a fee in the amount of
$10,000,000 in cash, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an
account designated by the Company.   5.4. Brokers or Finders.   (a) The
Company represents, as to itself, its Subsidiaries and its affiliates, that
no agent, broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other firm or
Person is or will be entitled to any broker\'s or finder\'s fee or any other
commission or similar fee in connection with any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by
or on behalf of the Company, except for the Financial Advisor, whose fees and
expenses will be paid by the Company in accordance with the Company\'s
agreements with such firm (copies of which have been delivered by the Company
to Parent prior to the date of this Agreement).   (b) Parent and
Acquisition represent, as to themselves and their respective affiliates, that
no agent, broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other firm or
Person is or will be entitled to receive from the Company any broker\'s or
finder\'s fee or any other commission or similar fee in connection with any
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements
made by or on behalf of Parent or Acquisition, except as set forth in the
Financing Letters and as set forth in the Parent Disclosure Schedule.  
31    5.5. Indemnification; Directors\' and Officers\' Insurance.   (a)
In the event of any threatened or actual claim, action, suit, proceeding or
investigation, whether civil, criminal or administrative, including any such
claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation in which any Person who is
now, or has been at any time prior to the date hereof, or who becomes prior
to the Effective Time, a director, officer, employee or other agent of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each, together with such Person\'s heirs,
executors, administrators and other representatives, the "Indemnitees") is,
or is threatened to be, made a party based in whole or in part on, or arising
in whole or in part out of, (i) the fact that he or she is or was a director,
officer, employee or agent of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of
their respective predecessors or (ii) this Agreement or any of the
transactions contemplated hereby, whether in any case asserted or arising
before or after the Effective Time (collectively, "Actions"), subject to this
Section 5.5(a), after the Effective Time, Parent and the
Surviving Corporation, acting jointly and severally, shall indemnify and hold
harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, each Indemnitee against any
losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs, expenses (including, as
described below, reasonable attorney\'s fees and expenses), judgments, and
amounts paid in settlement, all in connection with any Action. Within 7 days
after an Indemnitee receives notice of any Action, such Indemnitee shall give
Parent written notice thereof together with a copy of any written claim,
process or other legal pleading; provided, that failure so to notify Parent
shall not relieve Parent from any liability that it may have under this
Section 5.5(a), except to the extent Parent shall have been actually and
materially prejudiced by such failure. Parent may, within 20 days after
receiving notice of such Action (or sooner, if the nature of such Action so
requires, but in no event within less than five business days after receiving
such notice) notify the Indemnitee in writing that, at its own expense, it is
assuming the defense of such Action, including the employment of counsel
reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnitee. Upon written request by
an Indemnitee, and assuming that Parent has not timely assumed such
Indemnitee\'s defense pursuant to the preceding sentence, Parent and the
Surviving Corporation, acting jointly and severally, shall advance all
reasonable attorney\'s fees and expenses incurred by such Indemnitee in
connection with any Action, provided, that the Indemnitee shall first provide
a written undertaking to Parent and the Surviving Corporation to repay all
such fees and expenses when and if a court of competent jurisdiction shall
ultimately determine, and such determination shall have become final and
nonappealable, that indemnification of such Indemnitee in the manner
contemplated hereby is prohibited by applicable Law; such judicial
determination also shall mean that Parent shall have no indemnification
obligation hereunder to that Indemnitee. Any Indemnitee shall have the right
to employ separate counsel in defense of any Action and participate in the
defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the
expense of such Indemnitee and such counsel shall not appear in the Action,
unless (x) Parent shall have failed to assume the defense as provided above
or (y) Parent and the Indemnitee are both party to such Action and the
Indemnitee determines in good faith upon advice of counsel that
joint representation would be inappropriate. If Parent elects not to defend
against any Action, or fails to notify an Indemnitee of its election within
the required period of time, such Indemnitee may defend, compromise, settle
or consent to the entry of a judgment in such Action without the consent of
Parent. Parent will not, without prior written consent of the Indemnitee
(which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), settle, compromise or
consent to the entry of any judgment in or otherwise seek to terminate an
Action, except consent shall not be required if such settlement, compromise,
consent or termination includes an unconditional release of such Indemnitee
from all liabilities arising out of such Action. If Parent elects to defend
against an Action, no Indemnitee shall take any action to settle or
compromise such Action or consent to the entry of a   32   judgment
therein. Each Indemnitee shall cooperate with all reasonable requests of
Parent relating to the defense, resolution, compromise or settlement of
any Action. The obligations of Parent and the Surviving Corporation under
this Section 5.5(a) shall continue in full force and effect for a period of
six (6) years from the Effective Time; provided, however, that all rights
to indemnification in respect of any Action asserted or made within such
period shall continue until the final disposition of such Action.   (b)
Without limiting the foregoing, Parent, Acquisition and the Company agree
that (i) all rights to indemnification and exculpation from liability for
acts and omissions occurring at or prior to the Effective Time and rights to
advancements of expenses relating thereto now existing in favor of
the current or former directors, officers, employees and agents of the
Company and its Subsidiaries (the "Indemnitees") as provided in the charters
and/or bylaws (or similar organizational documents) of the Company and its
Subsidiaries or in any indemnification agreement listed on Exhibit 5.5(a)
shall survive the Merger, and (ii) for a period of six years from the
Effective Time, such provisions shall not be amended, repealed or otherwise
modified in any manner that would adversely affect the rights thereunder of
any such Indemnitees, unless an alteration or modification of such documents
is required by applicable Law or each Indemnitee affected thereby otherwise
consents in writing thereto.   (c) For a period of six years after the
Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall maintain officers\' and
directors\' liability insurance and fiduciary liability insurance in respect
of acts or omissions occurring at or prior to the Effective Time, including
the transactions contemplated hereby ("DandO; Insurance"), covering Indemnitees
who are currently covered by the Company\'s existing officers\' and
directors\' or fiduciary liability insurance policies on terms no less
advantageous to Indemnitees than such existing insurance; provided, that the
Surviving Corporation shall not be required to pay an annual premium therefor
in excess of 300% of the last annual premium paid prior to the date hereof
(the "Current Premium"); provided, further, that if the existing DandO;
Insurance expires, is terminated or canceled, or if 300% of the Current
Premium is insufficient to maintain or procure the coverage contemplated by
this Section 5.5(c), during such six-year period, the Surviving Corporation
will use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain as much comparable
insurance as can be obtained for 300% of the Current Premium. The provisions
of the immediately preceding sentence shall be deemed to have been satisfied
if prepaid policies have been obtained prior to the Effective Time from an
insurer or insurers that have an insurer financial strength rating by A.M.
Best Co. of at least "A," which policies provide the Indemnitees
with coverage, from the Effective Time to the sixth anniversary of the
Effective Time, including in respect of the transactions contemplated hereby,
on terms that are no less advantageous to Indemnitees than the Company\'s
existing DandO; Insurance. If such prepaid policies have been obtained prior to
the Effective Time, then the Surviving Corporation shall maintain such
policies in full force and effect and continue the obligations
thereunder.   (d) If any of Parent, the Surviving Corporation or any of
their respective successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into
any other Person and is not the continuing or surviving corporation or entity
of such consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers all or substantially all of
its properties and assets to any Person, then Parent and the Surviving
Corporation shall cause proper provisions to be made so that such Person
assumes the obligations set forth in this Section 5.5.   33    (e) This
Section 5.5, which shall survive the consummation of the Merger at the
Effective Time and shall continue for the periods specified herein, is
intended to bind Parent and the Surviving Corporation and inure to the
benefit of the Indemnitees, each of whom may enforce the provisions of
this Section 5.5 (whether or not parties to this Agreement). The provisions
of this Section 5.5 are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other rights
to indemnification, contribution or exculpation of liability that any
Indemnitee may be entitled to or hereafter acquire under any Law, agreement
or provision of the Company\'s, the Surviving Corporation\'s or any
Subsidiary\'s certificate of incorporation or bylaws or otherwise.   (f) To
the extent permitted by Law, Parent and the Surviving Corporation shall be
jointly and severally liable to pay all reasonable expenses, including
reasonable attorney\'s fees and expenses, that may be incurred by any
Indemnitee in enforcing the indemnity and other obligations set forth in this
Section 5.5. The obligations of Parent and the Surviving Corporation under
this Section 5.5 shall not be terminated or modified in such a manner as to
adversely affect any Indemnitee without the prior written consent of such
Indemnitee and shall survive the consummation of the Merger, it
being expressly agreed that the Indemnified Parties to whom this Section 5.5
applies shall be third party beneficiaries of this Section 5.5.   5.6.
Reasonable Best Efforts.   (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, each of the parties hereto agrees to use its reasonable best
efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all action and to do, or cause to be
done, all things necessary, proper or advisable, under applicable Law or
otherwise, to consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement; provided, however, that no party hereto shall be required
hereunder to pay any funds to obtain any third party consent.   (b) If, at
any time after the Effective Time, any further action is necessary or
desirable to carry out the purposes of this Agreement or to vest the
Surviving Corporation with full title to all properties, assets,
rights, approvals, immunities and franchises of the Company, the parties to
this Agreement shall direct their respective officers and directors to take
all such necessary action.   (c) The Company agrees to provide, and will
cause its Subsidiaries and its and their respective officers and employees to
provide all necessary cooperation reasonably requested by Parent or
Acquisition in connection with the arrangement of, and the negotiation of
agreements with respect to, the financing contemplated by the Financing
Letters (the "Financing") or any Alternative Financing (as hereinafter
defined), including (i) by making available to Parent and Acquisition and
such financing sources and their representatives and personnel (including for
participation at organizational meetings, drafting sessions for offering
memoranda and in road shows) personnel, representatives, documents and
information of the Company and its Subsidiaries as may reasonably be
requested by Parent or Acquisition or such financing sources (ii)
if applicable, by cooperating with financing sources in achieving a timely
offering and/or syndication of the Financing or any Alternative Financing
reasonably satisfactory to Parent and Acquisition and such financing sources
and (iii) by using reasonable best efforts to cause the Company\'s
independent accountants to provide any reports, consents and comfort letters
reasonably requested in connection with the Financing or any Alternative
Financing.   34    (d) Parent and Acquisition shall use their respective
commercially reasonable efforts to arrange financing for the transactions
contemplated hereby on the terms and conditions described in the Financing
Letters, including their respective commercially reasonable efforts to (i)
negotiate definitive agreements with respect thereto on the terms and
conditions contained therein and (ii) satisfy all conditions applicable to
Parent and Acquisition in such definitive agreements that are within their
respective control. If any portion of the Financing becomes unavailable on
the terms and conditions described in the Financing Letters, then Parent and
Acquisition shall use their respective commercially reasonable efforts to
obtain any such portion from alternative sources (the "Alternative
Financing"); provided, that Parent and Acquisition shall be under no
obligation to obtain such Alternative Financing unless it can be obtained on
terms which are in the aggregate no less favorable to Parent, the Surviving
Corporation and the stockholders of Parent than the terms of the Financing
Letters. Parent shall give the Company prompt written notice of any material
breach by any party of any of the Financing Letters of which it has knowledge
or any termination of any of the Financing Letters. Parent and Acquisition
shall keep the Company informed of all material developments with respect to
their respective efforts to arrange the financing for the transactions
contemplated hereby and shall not permit any amendment or modification to be
made to, or any waiver of any provision or remedy under, any of the Financing
Letters without (i) the prior written consent of the Company (acting through
the Special Committee) if such amendment, modification or waiver would
materially and adversely affect the likelihood that the
Financing contemplated thereby will be obtained and (ii) in the case of an
amendment not covered by clause (i), notice to the Company.   5.7.
Publicity. The parties hereto will consult with each other and will mutually
agree upon any press release or other public announcement pertaining to the
Merger, the Debt Offers, the Financing, any Alternative Financing or
this Agreement and shall not issue any such press release or make any such
public announcement prior to such consultation and agreement, except pursuant
to Section 5.2 or as may be required by applicable Law or any rule or
regulation of any United States securities exchange on which securities of
the releasing party are listed, in which case the party proposing to issue
such press release or make such public announcement shall use its
commercially reasonable efforts, taking into account the circumstances of the
required disclosure, to consult in good faith with the other party before
issuing any such press release or making any such public announcement. The
parties hereto have agreed that the Company may issue the press release
attached hereto as Exhibit 5.7 promptly following the execution and delivery
of this Agreement.   5.8. Consents and Approvals; State Takeover Laws.  
(a) Parent, Acquisition and the Company shall cooperate with one another in
(i) determining whether any action by or in respect of, or filing with, any
Governmental Entity is required, or any actions, consents, approvals or
waivers are required to be obtained from parties to any
contracts, agreements, commitments, leases, licenses, arrangements,
instruments or obligations, in connection with the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby and (ii) seeking timely to obtain any such
actions, consents, approvals or waivers. Without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, each of the parties hereto shall file or cause to be filed
with the Federal Trade Commission (the "FTC"), the Antitrust Division of the
Department of Justice (the "Antitrust Division") and any other applicable
Governmental Entity any notification required to be filed by it or its
"ultimate parent" company under any applicable Competition Laws and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder with respect to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. Such parties will use their reasonable best
efforts to make such filings promptly   35   and to respond on a timely
basis to any requests for additional information made by any such
Governmental Entity. Each of the parties hereto agrees to furnish the other
with copies of all material correspondence, filings and
communications between it and its affiliates and their respective
representatives, on the one hand, and the FTC, the Antitrust Division or any
other Governmental Entity or members or their respective staffs, on the other
hand, with respect to the Merger, other than personal financial information
filed therewith.   (b) Each party hereto shall cooperate and use its
reasonable best efforts to promptly prepare and file all necessary
documentation to effect all necessary applications, notices, petitions,
filings and other documents, and use its reasonable best efforts to obtain
(and will cooperate with each other in obtaining) any consent, acquiescence,
authorization, order or approval of, or any exemption or nonopposition by,
any Governmental Entity required to be obtained or made by Parent,
Acquisition or the Company or any of their respective affiliates in
connection with the Merger or the taking of any other action contemplated by
this Agreement. Each party hereto will use its reasonable best efforts to
obtain prior to the Effective Time any consent, approval or waiver from third
parties necessary to allow the Company and its Subsidiaries to continue
operating their businesses as presently conducted as a result of
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.   (c) Each party
hereto agrees to furnish the other with such necessary information and
reasonable assistance as such other party and its affiliates may reasonably
request in connection with their preparation of necessary filings,
registrations or submissions of information to any Governmental Entities,
including any filings necessary under the provisions of any applicable
Competition Law.   (d) Without limiting the foregoing, the Company and its
Board of Directors (acting through the Special Committee) shall (i) use
their commercially reasonable efforts to take all action necessary or
otherwise reasonably requested by Parent or Acquisition to exempt the Merger
from the provisions of any applicable takeover, business combination, control
share acquisition or similar Law and (ii) if any takeover, business
combination, control share acquisition or similar Law becomes applicable to
this Agreement or the Merger, use their commercially reasonable efforts to
take all action necessary to ensure that the Merger may be consummated as
promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated by this Agreement and
otherwise to minimize the effect of such statute or regulation on the
Merger.   5.9. Notification of Certain Matters. Each party shall use its
best efforts to give prompt written notice to each other party of (a) any
notice or other communication from any Person alleging that the consent of
such Person is or may be required in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby, (b) notice or communication from any Governmental Entity
in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, (c) the occurrence,
or failure to occur, of any event of which it becomes aware that has caused
or could reasonably be expected to cause any representation or warranty of
such party contained in this Agreement that is qualified as to materiality
being or becoming as of any time between the date of this Agreement and the
Effective Time untrue or inaccurate at such time in any respect or any such
representation or warranty that is not so qualified being or becoming as of
any time between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Date untrue or
inaccurate in any material respect, (d) the failure of it to comply with or
satisfy in any material respect any obligation to be complied with or
satisfied by it under this Agreement or (e) the commencement or threat of, or
any material development with respect to, any Company Litigation or any other
action, suit, investigation,   36   inquiry or proceeding which relates
to the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or the issuance
of any Order affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their
respective properties or assets, in either case which, if pending, threatened
or issued, as the case may be, on or prior to the date of this Agreement,
would have been required to have been disclosed pursuant to Section 3.1. The
delivery of any notice pursuant to this Section 5.9 is for informational
purposes and shall not limit or otherwise affect the remedies available
hereunder to any party or parties receiving such notice.   5.10.
Continuation of Employee Benefits.   (a) From and after the Effective Time,
the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries shall honor in accordance with
their terms all of the existing employment, severance, consulting, salary
continuation and similar agreements between the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries and any current or former officer, director, employee or
consultant of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or group of such
officers, directors, employees or consultants.   (b) Until the first
anniversary of the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall not
materially and adversely alter the benefits (including health benefits,
severance policies and general employment policies and procedures) that are
available to employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries on the date hereof
(other than modifications to any employee benefit plans in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice and other than with respect
to any equity-based compensation). Nothing in this Section 5.10(b) shall be
deemed to prevent the Surviving Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries from
making any change required by applicable Law.   (c) To the extent permitted
under applicable Law, each employee of the Company or its Subsidiaries shall
be given credit for all service with the Company or its Subsidiaries (or
service credited by the Company or its Subsidiaries) under all employee
benefit plans, programs, policies and arrangements maintained by the
Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries in which they participate or in
which they become participants for purposes of eligibility, vesting and
benefit accrual including, for purposes of determining (i) short-term and
long-term disability benefits, (ii) severance benefits, (iii) vacation
benefits and (iv) benefits under any retirement plan.   (d) This Section
5.10, which shall survive the consummation of the Merger at the Effective
Time and shall continue without limit except as expressly set forth herein,
is intended to benefit and bind the Surviving Corporation and any Person
(including such Person\'s heirs, executives, administrators and other
representatives) referenced in this Section 5.10, each of whom may enforce
the provisions of this Section 5.10 whether or not parties to this Agreement.
Except as provided in paragraph (a) above, nothing contained in this Section
5.10 shall create any third party beneficiary rights in any employee or
former employee (including any dependent thereof) of the Company, any of its
Subsidiaries or the Surviving Corporation with respect to
continued employment for any specified period.   5.11. Preparation of the
Proxy Statement; Special Meeting.   (a) As soon as reasonably practicable
following the date of this Agreement, the Company shall prepare in accordance
with the provisions of the Exchange Act and file with   37   the SEC the
Proxy Statement, and the parties hereto shall prepare in accordance with the
provisions of the Exchange Act and file with the SEC the Schedule 13E-3. The
parties will cooperate with each other in connection with the preparation of
the Proxy Statement and the Schedule 13E-3. The Company will use its
commercially reasonable efforts to have the Proxy Statement cleared by
the SEC and mailed to its stockholders as promptly as practicable after such
filing, and the parties hereto will use their commercially reasonable efforts
to have the Schedule 13E-3 cleared by the SEC as promptly as practicable
after such filing. Each party agrees to correct any information provided by
it for use in the Proxy Statement or the Schedule 13E-3 which shall have
become false or misleading in any material respect. The Company will as
promptly as practicable notify Parent of (i) the receipt of any oral or
written comments from the SEC relating to the Proxy Statement or the Schedule
13E-3 and (ii) any request by the SEC for any amendment to the Proxy
Statement or the Schedule 13E-3 or for additional information. The parties
hereto shall provide each other with reasonable opportunity to review and
comment on drafts of the Proxy Statement (including each amendment or
supplement thereto) and the Schedule 13E-3 (including each amendment or
supplement thereto) and all responses to requests for additional information
by and replies to comments of the SEC (provided that the Company shall
consult with Parent in connection with the preparation of all such documents
or responses and give due consideration to all comments reasonably proposed
by Parent in respect of such documents and responses), prior to filing such
documents with or sending such documents to the SEC, and the parties hereto
will provide each other with copies of all such filings made
and correspondence with the SEC. If, at any time prior to the Effective Time,
any information should be discovered by any party hereto which should be set
forth in an amendment or supplement to the Proxy Statement or the Schedule
13E-3 so that the Proxy Statement or the Schedule 13E-3 would not include
any misstatement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in
the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading,
the party which discovers such information shall promptly notify the other
parties hereto, and to the extent required by applicable Law, an appropriate
amendment or supplement describing such information shall be promptly filed
by the Company with the SEC and disseminated by the Company to the
stockholders of the Company.   (b) The Company shall, acting through its
Board of Directors and in accordance with applicable Law and the Certificate
of Incorporation and the Bylaws of the Company, duly call, give notice of,
convene and hold a special meeting of its stockholders (the "Special
Meeting") as promptly as reasonably practicable after the date hereof (and,
in no event later than 45 days after the mailing of the Proxy Statement to
the stockholders of the Company) for the purpose of considering and taking
action upon this Agreement and the Merger and, subject to Section 5.2(d),
shall solicit proxies in favor of approval of this Agreement and the Merger.
Subject to Section 5.2(d), the Board of Directors of the Company shall
recommend approval of this Agreement and the Merger by the Company\'s
stockholders and shall include such recommendation, together with a copy of
the opinion referred to in Section 3.1(m), in the Proxy Statement. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company\'s obligations pursuant
to the first sentence of this Section 5.11(b) shall not be affected by (i)
the commencement, public proposal, public disclosure or communication to
the Company of any Company Acquisition Proposal or (ii) an Adverse
Recommendation Change. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company properly
exercises its right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1(g),
the Company\'s obligations pursuant to the first sentence of this Section
5.11(b) shall terminate. The Company may, if it has complied with the
provisions of Section 5.2 and this Section 5.11, and if it receives a written
bona fide Company Acquisition Proposal that it   38   reasonably expects
could result in a Superior Proposal, delay the mailing of the Proxy Statement
or the holding of the Special Meeting, in each case, for such time (not to
exceed ten business days) as is necessary for the Board of Directors of the
Company (acting through the Special Committee) to consider such Company
Acquisition Proposal and to determine the effect, if any, on
its recommendation in favor of the Merger.   5.12. Consequences If Rights
Are Triggered. If any Distribution Date (as defined in the Rights Agreement)
or Shares Acquisition Date (as defined in the Rights Agreement) occurs under
the Rights Agreement at any time during the period from the date of this
Agreement to the Effective Time other than as a result of the actions of
Parent, Acquisition or their respective affiliates, the Company, Parent and
Acquisition shall make such adjustment to the per share Merger Consideration
(without any increase in the aggregate Merger Consideration) as the Company,
Parent and Acquisition shall mutually agree so as to preserve the economic
benefits that the parties each reasonably expected on the date of this
Agreement to receive as a result of the consummation of the Merger.   5.13.
Stockholder Litigation. The Company shall give Parent the opportunity to
participate in the defense and settlement of any stockholder litigation
against the Company and/or its directors relating to this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and no such settlement shall be
agreed to without Parent\'s prior written consent, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned.   5.14. Debt Tender
Offers.   (a) At such time as requested by Parent and Acquisition
(provided that Parent and Acquisition shall coordinate with the Company
regarding such timing), the Company shall (i) commence cash tender offers to
purchase all of the Company\'s outstanding 9-1/2% Senior Subordinated Notes
due 2009 (the "9-1/2% Notes") and all of the Company\'s 7-1/2% Senior
Subordinated Notes due 2013 (the "7-1/2% Notes" and, together with the 9-1/2%
Notes, collectively, the "Senior Subordinated Notes") and (ii) solicit the
consent of the holders of the 9-1/2% Notes regarding the amendments (the
"9-1/2% Notes Indenture Amendments") described on Part A of Exhibit 5.14
hereto to the covenants contained in the Indenture, dated as of June 11,
2001, among the Company, certain Subsidiaries of the Company, as guarantors,
and U.S. Bank Trust National Association, as trustee, and the consent of the
holders of the 7-1/2% Notes regarding the amendments (the "7-1/2% Notes
Indenture Amendments" and, together with the 9-1/2% Notes Indenture
Amendments, collectively, "Indenture Amendments") described on Part B of
Exhibit 5.14 hereto to the covenants contained in the Indenture, dated as of
August 12, 2003, among the Company, certain Subsidiaries of the Company, as
guarantors, and U.S. Bank Trust National Association, as trustee. Such offers
to purchase and consent solicitations (the "Debt Offers") shall be made on
such terms and conditions as are described on Exhibit 5.14 and such other
terms and conditions agreed to by Parent and Acquisition; provided, that, in
any event, the parties agree that the terms and conditions of the Debt Offers
shall provide that the closing thereof shall be contingent upon the closing
of the Merger. The Company shall waive any of the conditions to the
Debt Offers (other than the conditions that the closing thereof shall be
contingent on the closing of the Merger and that there shall be no Order or
injunction prohibiting consummation of the Debt Offers) and make any other
changes in the terms and conditions of the Debt Offers as may be reasonably
requested by Parent and Acquisition (other than a change that decreases the
applicable price payable for each Senior Subordinated Note), and the Company
shall not, without Parent\'s and Acquisition\'s prior consent, waive any
condition to the Debt   39     Offers described on Exhibit 5.14, or
make any changes to the terms and conditions of the Debt Offers. The Company
covenants and agrees that, subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, including but not limited to the terms and conditions to the Debt
Offers, it will accept for payment, and pay for, the Senior Subordinated
Notes and effect the Indenture Amendments, in each case contemporaneously
with, and contingent upon, the Effective Time. The Company shall enter into
customary dealer manager agreements and customary information agent
agreements with a dealer manager and information agent, respectively,
recommended by Parent (and reasonably acceptable to the Company).   (b)
Promptly following the date of this Agreement, the Company shall prepare,
subject to advice and comments of Parent and Acquisition, an offer
to purchase the 9-1/2% Notes and an offer to purchase the 7-1/2% Notes and
forms of the related letters of transmittal and summary advertisement, as
well as all other information and exhibits that may be necessary or advisable
in connection with the Debt Offers (collectively, the "Offer Documents"). In
the event that this Agreement is terminated in accordance with Article VII,
the Company will have the right to amend the Offer Documents and/or to
terminate the Debt Offers without Parent\'s consent. All mailings to the
holders of Senior Subordinated Notes in connection with the Debt Offers shall
be subject to the prior review, comment and approval of Parent and
Acquisition (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or
conditioned). The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to cause the
Offer Documents to be mailed to the holders of the Senior Subordinated Notes
as promptly as practicable following receipt of the request from Parent and
Acquisition under paragraph (a) above to do so.   If at any time prior to
the Effective Time any information should be discovered by any party hereto,
which should be set forth in an amendment or supplement to the Offer
Documents mailed to holders of Senior Subordinated Notes so that such
documents would not include any misstatement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, the party which
discovers such information shall promptly notify the other parties
hereto and, to the extent required by applicable Law, an appropriate
amendment or supplement describing such information shall promptly be
prepared by the Company and, if required, filed by the Company with the SEC
or disseminated by the Company to the holders of the Senior Subordinated
Notes.   5.15. Stock Purchases. Between the date hereof and the Meeting
Date, Parent and Acquisition shall not, and they shall cause their affiliates
not to, purchase, sell, assign, encumber or otherwise participate in any
transfer of shares of Company Common Stock.   ARTICLE VI   CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT   6.1. Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect the
Merger. The respective obligations of each party to effect the Merger shall
be subject to the satisfaction or waiver, where permitted by applicable Law,
by each party hereto prior to the Effective Time of the following
conditions:   (a) This Agreement shall have been adopted at the Special
Meeting (or an adjournment thereof) by the Required Vote and the
Disinterested Vote.   40    (b) (i) All applicable waiting periods
(including any extensions thereof) under any Competition Law applicable to
the transactions contemplated hereby shall have expired or been terminated,
(ii) all actions required by, or filings required to be made with, any
Governmental Entity under any such Competition Law that are necessary to
permit the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby shall have
been taken or made, and (iii) all consents, approvals and actions of, filings
with, and notices to, all other Governmental Entities required of Parent,
Acquisition or the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries or other
affiliates in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby shall have
been made, obtained or effected, as the case may be, except, in the case of
clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for those, the failure of which to be made,
obtained or effected does not have and could not reasonably be expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect;
provided, however, that the condition set forth in this Section 6.1(b) may
not be asserted by any party hereto whose breach of its obligations hereunder
has resulted in a failure to obtain such required approval.   (c) No Order
or Law shall be in effect that enjoins or prohibits the consummation of the
Merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby; provided, that prior to
invoking this condition, each party hereto shall use its commercially
reasonable efforts to have any such legal prohibition or
restraint removed.   6.2. Conditions to the Obligation of Parent and
Acquisition to Effect the Merger. The obligation of Parent and Acquisition to
effect the Merger is further subject to the following conditions, any or all
of which may be waived, in whole or in part by Parent and Acquisition, on or
prior to the Effective Time, to the extent permitted by applicable Law:  
(a) Each of the representations and warranties of the Company (i) set forth
in Sections 3.1(a) (first sentence only), 3.1(b), 3.1(c)(i), 3.1(c)(ii)(A),
3.1(k) (with respect to Section 4.2), 3.1(o), 3.1(p), 3.1(w), 3.1(x) and
5.4(a) of this Agreement (the "Specified Sections") shall be true and correct
in all material respects as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of
the Closing Date (provided that, to the extent any such representation
or warranty speaks as of a specified date, it need only be true and correct
as of such specified date) and (ii) set forth in this Agreement (other than
the Specified Sections) shall be true and correct (provided that any
representation or warranty of the Company contained herein that is subject to
a materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar qualification shall not be
so qualified for purposes of this paragraph) as of the Closing Date as though
made on and as of the Closing Date (provided that, to the extent any such
representation or warranty speaks as of a specified date, it need only be
true and correct as of such specified date), except, in the case of this
clause (ii) only, where the failure of such representations and warranties to
be true and correct do not and would not reasonably be expected to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect; and Parent and Acquisition shall have
received a certificate signed on behalf of the Company by the chief executive
officer and the chief financial officer of the Company to the effect set
forth in this paragraph.   (b) The Company shall have performed in all
material respects the obligations required to be performed by it under this
Agreement on or prior to the Closing Date; and Parent and Acquisition shall
have received a certificate signed on behalf of the Company by the chief
executive officer and the chief financial officer of the Company to the
effect set forth in this paragraph.   41    (c) The Company shall have
received all written consents, waivers and authorizations necessary to
provide for the continuation in full force and effect after the Effective
Time of all contracts, agreements, commitments, leases, licenses,
arrangements, instruments and obligations of the Company and its Subsidiaries
which, if not so continued as a result of the consummation of the Merger,
could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Company Material Adverse Effect.   (d) There shall not have occurred after
the date of this Agreement (i) a change or proposed change in Laws (including
all changes or proposed changes in payment or reimbursement by government
payors) other than the final regulatory changes announced by the Center for
Medicare and Medicaid Services on August 2, 2004 applicable to long term
acute care hospitals operated as "hospitals within hospitals" or "satellites"
that does have or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in
the aggregate, a material adverse effect on the business, financial
condition, results of operations or prospects of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (ii) any event, change, condition,
circumstance or state of facts that has had or would reasonably be expected
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material
Adverse Effect.   (e) Parent and Acquisition shall have obtained the
proceeds of the Bank Financing substantially on the terms contemplated by the
Senior Bank and Bridge Loan Commitment Letter or proceeds of Alternative
Financing in an aggregate amount that is sufficient to allow the Surviving
Corporation to fulfill its obligations under Article II hereof.   (f) Not
less than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the 9-1/2% Notes
and not less than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the 7-1/2%
Notes shall have been tendered and accepted for payment by the Company in
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Debt Offers, and
the Indenture Amendments shall have been approved and shall have become
effective, in each case concurrently with the effectiveness of the
Merger.   (g) The total number of Dissenting Shares shall not exceed 8% of
the issued and outstanding shares of Company Common Stock as of the Effective
Time.   (h) The Company shall have delivered to Parent on the Closing Date
a complete, accurate and valid statement conforming with Treasury
Regulation Section 1.1445-2(c)(3) certifying that shares of capital stock of
the Company do not constitute "United States real property interests" under
Section 897(c) of the Code.   6.3. Conditions to Obligation of the Company
to Effect the Merger. The obligation of the Company to effect the Merger is
further subject to the following conditions, any or all of which may be
waived, in whole or in part by the Company, on or prior to the Effective
Time, to the extent permitted by applicable Law:   (a) The representations
and warranties of Parent and Acquisition set forth in this Agreement that are
qualified as to materiality shall be true and correct, and the
representations and warranties of Parent and Acquisition set forth in this
Agreement that are not so qualified shall be true and correct in all material
respects, in each case, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the
Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date (provided that,
to the extent any such representation or warranty speaks as of a specified
date, it need only be true and correct as of such specified date); and the
Company shall have received a certificate   42   signed on behalf of
Parent and Acquisition by their respective presidents to the effect set forth
in this paragraph.   (b) Parent and Acquisition shall have performed in all
material respects the obligations required to be performed by them under this
Agreement on or prior to the Closing Date; and the Company shall have
received a certificate signed on behalf of Parent and Acquisition by their
respective presidents to the effect set forth in this paragraph.   (c)
Parent and Acquisition shall have obtained the proceeds of the Financing or
Alternative Financing in an aggregate amount that is sufficient to allow the
Surviving Corporation to fulfill its obligations under Article II hereof.  
(d) The Board of Directors of the Company (including the Special Committee if
such committee continues to exist) shall have received a certificate
substantially in the form of the closing "solvency" certificate to be
delivered in connection with the Bank Financing or Alternative Financing,
as the case may be.   ARTICLE VII   TERMINATION AND ABANDONMENT   7.1.
Termination and Abandonment. This Agreement may be terminated and the Merger
may be abandoned at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether before or
after Company Stockholder Approval:   (a) by mutual written consent of the
Company, Parent and Acquisition;   (b) by Parent or the Company, if any
court of competent jurisdiction or other Governmental Entity shall have
enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any Law or Order, or
refused to grant any required consent or approval, that has the effect of
making the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
illegal or that otherwise prohibits consummation of such transactions;  
(c) by Parent or the Company, if the Effective Time shall not have occurred
on or before 5:00 p.m., Eastern Standard Time, on April 30, 2005
(the "Termination Date"); provided, that the right to terminate this
Agreement under this Section 7.1(c) shall not be available to any party whose
failure to fulfill or breach of any obligation under this Agreement has been
the cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the Effective Time to occur on
or before such date;   (d) by Parent, if (i) any of the representations and
warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement shall fail to be true
and correct such that the condition set forth in Section 6.2(a) would not be
satisfied, or (ii) the Company shall have breached or failed to comply with
any of its obligations under this Agreement such that the condition set forth
in Section 6.2(b) would not be satisfied (in either case, other than as a
result of a material breach by Parent or Acquisition of any of their
respective obligations under this Agreement) and such failure or breach with
respect to any such representation, warranty or obligation cannot be cured
or, if curable, shall continue unremedied for a period of twenty days after
the Company has received written notice from Parent of the occurrence of such
failure or breach (provided that in   43   no event shall such twenty-day
period extend beyond the second day preceding the Termination Date);   (e)
by the Company, if (i) any of the representations and warranties of Parent
and Acquisition contained in this Agreement shall fail to be true and correct
such that the condition set forth in Section 6.3(a) would not be satisfied,
or (ii) Parent or Acquisition shall have breached or failed to comply with
any of their respective obligations under this Agreement such that
the condition set forth in Section 6.3(b) would not be satisfied (in either
case, other than as a result of a material breach by the Company of any of
its obligations under this Agreement) and such failure or breach with respect
to any such representation, warranty or obligation cannot be cured or, if
curable, shall continue unremedied for a period of twenty days after Parent
has received written notice from the Company of the occurrence of such
failure or breach (provided that in no event shall such twenty-day period
extend beyond the second day preceding the Termination Date);   (f) by
Parent, if (i) an Adverse Recommendation Change shall have occurred, (ii) the
Board of Directors of the Company shall have failed to recommend to the
Company\'s stockholders that they approve this Agreement, the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated hereby at the Special Meeting, (iii) a tender
or exchange offer that would constitute a Company Acquisition Proposal is
commenced on or after the date of this Agreement and the Board of Directors
of the Company or any committee thereof fails to recommend against or in
favor of acceptance of such tender or exchange offer by the stockholders
of the Company (including by means of taking no position with respect to
the acceptance of such tender or exchange offer by the stockholders of the
Company) within ten business days from the commencement thereof or (iv) if
the Board of Directors of the Company or any committee thereof resolves to
take any of the foregoing actions;   (g) by the Company, at any time prior
to obtaining the Company Stockholder Approval, upon the Board of Directors of
the Company (acting through the Special Committee but only if such committee
still exists) resolving to enter into, subject to the terms of this
Agreement, including Section 5.3, a definitive agreement containing a Company
Acquisition Proposal by a third party; provided, that (i) the Board of
Directors of the Company (acting through the Special Committee but only if
such committee still exists) shall not so resolve unless (A) the Company
shall have complied with its obligations under Section 5.2, (B) the Board of
Directors of the Company shall have determined in good faith (after
consultation with its independent financial advisors and outside counsel)
that such Company Acquisition Proposal constitutes a Superior Proposal and
the failure to take such action is inconsistent with the fiduciary duties
of the Board of Directors of the Company to the stockholders of the Company
under applicable Law, and (C) the Company shall have fully negotiated the
final terms of such Company Acquisition Proposal; (ii) immediately following
the Board of Directors of the Company (acting through the Special Committee)
so resolving, the Company shall have so notified Parent and provided to
Parent in writing the identity of the Person making, and the final terms and
conditions of, such Company Acquisition Proposal; and (iii) the Company shall
have the right to enter into such a definitive agreement (a "Permitted
Alternative Agreement") so long as (A) the effectiveness of such agreement is
conditioned upon the Company complying with its obligations under Section
5.3, (B) the effectiveness of such agreement is conditioned upon the
termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.1(g) and (C)
immediately following the execution of such agreement, such agreement and all
related agreements, exhibits, schedules and other documents are delivered to
Parent; or   44    (h) by Parent or the Company, if the Special Meeting
is held and the Company fails to obtain the Company Stockholder Approval at
the Special Meeting (or any reconvened meeting after any adjournment
thereof).  Any party desiring to terminate this Agreement shall give written
notice of such termination to the other parties.   7.2. Effect of
Termination.   (a) In the event of any termination of this Agreement by any
party hereto as provided in Section 7.1, this Agreement shall forthwith
become void and there shall be no further liability or obligation hereunder
on the part of any party hereto or their respective affiliates, officers,
directors or stockholders, except that the last sentence of Section 5.1(a),
Section 5.3, Section 5.4, this Section 7.2 and Article VIII shall survive
such termination.   (b) Except for the termination rights provided in
Section 7.1 and except as otherwise provided in Section 8.2, the Company
acknowledges and agrees that its sole and exclusive remedy for any claim
asserted by the Company against Parent or Acquisition, including, without
limitation, any claim that arises out of or relates in any way to the
negotiation, entry into, performance, or the terms of this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby or the breach or claimed breach thereof
shall be limited to the remedy as agreed to in the Contingency Letter
Agreement among WCAS, the Company and Parent dated of even date herewith (the
"Contingency Letter Agreement") and such remedy shall only be available if
this Agreement shall have been terminated by the Company pursuant to Section
7.1(e) and such breaches or claimed breaches by Parent and/or Acquisition
giving rise to such termination were knowing and willful.   (c) Except for
the termination rights provided in Section 7.1 and except as otherwise
provided in Section 8.2, Parent and Acquisition acknowledge and agree that:
(i) for any claim asserted by Parent or Acquisition against the Company,
including, without limitation, any claim that arises out of or relates in any
way to the negotiation, entry into, performance, or terms of this Agreement
or the transactions contemplated hereby or the breach or claimed breach
thereof, Parent and Acquisition shall be entitled to only a single recovery,
and such recovery shall be as specified in Section 5.3 hereof; (ii) such
recovery shall be Parent and Acquisition\'s sole and exclusive remedy
with respect to any such claim, and all other damages or remedies, at law or
in equity (including provisional remedies) are waived; (iii) it is the intent
of Parent and Acquisition that the limitations imposed hereby on remedies and
the measure of damages shall apply regardless of the theory upon which
recovery hereunder is sought.   ARTICLE VIII   MISCELLANEOUS   8.1.
Survival of Representations, Warranties, Covenants and Agreements. None of
the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this
Agreement or in any certificate or other instrument delivered pursuant
to this Agreement shall survive the Effective Time except for covenants
and agreements that contemplate performance after the Effective Time
(which covenants and agreements shall survive in accordance with their
terms).   45    8.2. Specific Performance. The parties hereto acknowledge
and agree that any breach or threatened breach of the terms of this Agreement
would give rise to irreparable harm for which money damages would not be an
adequate remedy and accordingly the parties agree that, in addition to any
other remedies (provided that if a party seeks a remedy pursuant to Section
5.3(b) in connection with a breach, such remedy shall be such party\'s sole
and exclusive remedy with respect to such breach), each party shall be
entitled to enforce the terms of this Agreement by a decree of specific
performance without the necessity of proving the inadequacy of money damages
as a remedy.   8.3. Notices. Any notice or communication required or
permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally,
delivered by nationally recognized overnight courier service, sent by
certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, or sent by facsimile (subject
to electronic confirmation of such facsimile transmission and the sending (on
the date of such facsimile transmission) of a confirmation copy of such
facsimile by nationally recognized overnight courier service or by certified
or registered mail, postage prepaid). Any such notice or communication shall
be deemed to have been given (i) when delivered, if personally delivered,
(ii) one business day after it is deposited with a nationally recognized
overnight courier service, if sent by nationally recognized overnight courier
service, (iii) the day of sending, if sent by facsimile prior to 5:00 p.m.
(EST) on any business day or the next succeeding business day if sent by
facsimile after 5:00 p.m. (EST) on any business day or on any day other than
a business day or (iv) five business days after the date of mailing, if
mailed by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, in each case, to the
following address or facsimile number, or to such other address or addresses
or facsimile number or numbers as such party may subsequently designate to
the other parties by notice given hereunder:   (a) if to Parent or
Acquisition, to it:   c/o Welsh, Carson, Anderson and Stowe IX, L. P.  320
Park Avenue, Suite 2500  New York, New York 10022-6815  Attn: Sean M.
Traynor  Facsimile: (212) 893-9566   with a copy to:   Ropes and Gray LLP 
45 Rockefeller Plaza  New York, New York 10111  Attn: Othon A. Prounis,
Esq.  Facsimile: (212) 841-5725   (b) if to the Company, to:   Select
Medical Corporation  4716 Old Gettysburg Road  Mechanicsburg, Pennsylvania
17055  Attn: David S. Chernow, James E. Dalton, Jr. and Michael E. Tarvin,
Esq.  Facsimile: (717) 975-9981   46    with a copy to:   Foley and
Lardner LLP  777 East Wisconsin Avenue  Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53202  Attn:
Jay O. Rothman, Stephen A. Crane and Steven Vazquez  Facsimile: (414)
297-4900   8.4. Interpretation. As used herein, the words "hereof",
"herein", "herewith" and words of similar import shall, unless otherwise
stated, be construed to refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any
particular provision of this Agreement, and the words "Article" and "Section"
are references to the articles and sections of this Agreement unless
otherwise specified. Whenever the words "include", "includes" or "including"
are used in this Agreement they shall be deemed to be followed by the words
"without limitation". Unless otherwise provided herein, each accounting term
used in this Agreement has the meaning given to it in accordance with GAAP.
As used in this Agreement, the term "affiliate" shall have the meaning set
forth in Rule 12b-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act. When used herein, the
phrase "to the knowledge of" any Person or any similar phrase shall mean, and
shall be limited to, the actual knowledge of the individuals listed in
Exhibit 8.4 and shall include only their actual knowledge obtained in their
respective capacities with Parent, Acquisition or the Company, as the case
may be, without any imputation of the actual or imputed knowledge of any
other Person or duty to conduct any inquiry or investigation. The definitions
contained in this Agreement are applicable to the singular as well as the
plural forms of such terms and to the masculine as well as to the feminine
and neuter genders of such terms. Any agreement or statute referred to herein
means such agreement or statute as from time to time amended, qualified or
supplemented, including, in the case of statutes, by succession of comparable
successor statutes. References to the Securities Act and to the Exchange Act
are also references to the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated
thereunder. References to a Person are also to its successors and permitted
assigns. The table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are
for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement. The parties hereto have participated
jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an
ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement
shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties and no presumption or
burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of
the authorship of any provisions of this Agreement. Any standard
of materiality included in this Agreement, including any dollar
thresholds specified in Section 3.1 or Section 4.2, shall not by reason only
of such inclusion be deemed to constitute evidence of a Company Material
Adverse Effect or a Parent Material Adverse Effect.   8.5. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts (and may be
delivered by facsimile), each of which shall be deemed an original, but all
of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.   8.6.
Entire Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement, including the
schedules and exhibits hereto, together with the
confidentiality, nondisclosure and standstill provisions of the
Confidentiality Agreement and the Contingency Letter Agreement, constitutes
the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter
hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written
and oral, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter
hereof (other than the confidentiality, nondisclosure and standstill
provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement which shall survive the execution
and delivery of   47   this Agreement). This Agreement shall be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of each party hereto and to their respective
successors and permitted assigns, and, except as provided in Sections 5.3(b),
5.5 and 5.10, nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to
or shall confer upon any other Person any other right, benefit or remedy of
any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.   8.7.
Amendment. This Agreement may be amended, modified or supplemented, only by
written agreement of Parent, Acquisition and the Company at any time prior to
the Effective Time with respect to any of the terms contained
herein; provided, that (a) after Company Stockholder Approval is obtained, no
term or condition contained in this Agreement shall be amended or modified in
any manner that requires further approval by the stockholders of the Company
without so obtaining such further stockholder approval and (b) the Board of
Directors of the Company (acting through the Special Committee) shall approve
any such amendment, modification or supplement.   8.8. Waiver. At any time
prior to the Effective Time, the parties hereto, by action taken or
authorized by their respective Boards of Directors (in the case of the
Company, acting through the Special Committee), may, to the extent legally
allowed, (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or
other acts required hereby, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations
and warranties contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto
and (c) waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions contained
herein. Any agreement on the part of a party hereto to any such extension or
waiver shall be valid only if set forth in a written instrument signed by
such party. No failure or delay by any party in exercising any right, power
or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single
or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or
the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. Subject to Section 7.2,
the rights and remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and not exclusive
of any rights or remedies provided by Law.   8.9. Governing Law. This
Agreement, and all claims arising hereunder or relating hereto, shall be
governed and construed and enforced in accordance with the Laws of the State
of Delaware, without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of Law
thereof.   8.10. Submission to Jurisdiction. Each of the parties hereto
irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court of Chancery or, in the event
(but only in the event) such court does not have complete subject matter
jurisdiction, any other court of the State of Delaware or the United States
District Court for the District of Delaware, in any action or proceeding
arising out of or relating to this Agreement. Each of the parties hereto
agrees that, subject to rights with respect to post-trial motions and rights
of appeal or other avenues of review, a final judgment in any such action or
proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by
suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by Law. Each of the
parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent
it may legally and effectively do so, any objection that it may now or
hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding
arising out of or relating to this Agreement in the Delaware Court of
Chancery or any other state court of the State of Delaware or the United
States District Court for the District of Delaware. Each of the parties
hereto irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may
legally and effectively do so, the defense of an inconvenient forum to
the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.   48   
8.11. Assignment. No party hereto shall assign this Agreement or any of its
rights, interests or obligations hereunder (whether by operation of Law
or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other parties hereto.
Any attempted assignment in violation of the foregoing shall be null and
void.   8.12. Severability. If any term or other provision of this Agreement
is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal
or incapable of being enforced, all other terms and provisions of this
Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as
neither the economic nor legal substance of the transactions contemplated
herein is affected in any manner materially adverse to any party hereto. Upon
such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or
incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith
to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties
as closely as possible in a mutually acceptable manner.   8.13. Obligation
of Parent. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement,
whenever this Agreement requires Acquisition or the Surviving Corporation to
take any action, such requirement shall be deemed to include an undertaking
on the part of Parent to cause Acquisition or the Surviving Corporation to
take such action and a guarantee of performance thereof.   [THE REMAINDER OF
THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY BLANK]   49    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Agreement and Plan of Merger to be executed and
delivered by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the
date first above written.   THE COMPANY:   SELECT MEDICAL CORPORATION  
By: /s/ Michael E. Tarvin  -------------------------------  Name: Michael E.
Tarvin  Title: Senior Vice President   PARENT:   EGL HOLDING COMPANY  
By: /s/ Sean M. Traynor  --------------------------------  Name: Sean M.
Traynor  Title: Chief Executive Officer   ACQUISITION:   EGL ACQUISITION
CORP.   By: /s/ Sean M. Traynor  --------------------------------  Name:
Sean M. Traynor  Title: Chief Executive Officer     Exhibit 1  
Rollover Stockholders     Name Rollover Shares  ----- ---------------- 
~~  Rocco A. Ortenzio 1,700,000  Robert A. Ortenzio 1,700,000  Martin F.
Jackson 101,000  Thoma Cressey Fund VI, L.P. 2,077,818  Thoma Cressey
Friends Fund VI, L.P. 20,778  Bryan C. Cressey 113,274     '

