 EXHIBIT 2.1 MERGER AGREEMENT   EXHIBIT
2.1    EXECUTION COPY  --------------      AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
MERGER     by and among     21st CENTURY NEWSPAPERS, INC.,    
JOURNAL REGISTER COMPANY   and   WOLVERINE ACQUISITION CORP.   Dated as
of July 2, 2004             TABLE OF CONTENTS   PAGE  ARTICLE
I DEFINITIONS..............................................1   Section 1.1
Defined Terms..........................................1  Section 1.2
Interpretation.........................................9  ARTICLE II THE
MERGER...............................................9   Section 2.1 The
Merger.............................................9  Section 2.2
Closing................................................9  Section 2.3
Effective Time.........................................9  Section 2.4
Articles of Incorporation.............................10  Section 2.5
Bylaws................................................10  Section 2.6
Directors of the Surviving Corporation................10  Section 2.7
Officers of the Surviving Corporation.................10  Section 2.8 Effect
of Merger on Capital Stock.....................10  Section 2.9 Exchange of
Certificates..............................11  Section 2.10 Payment at Closing
for Certain Indebtedness...........12  Section 2.11 Payments at Closing for
Expenses......................13  Section 2.12 Transfer
Taxes........................................13  Section 2.13 FIRPTA
Certificate....................................13  ARTICLE III
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY...........13   Section 3.1
Organization and Qualification........................13  Section 3.2
Capitalization........................................14  Section 3.3
Authorization and Validity of Agreement...............15  Section 3.4
Consents and Approvals................................15  Section 3.5 No
Violations.........................................15  Section 3.6 Financial
Statements; Undisclosed Liabilities.........16  Section 3.7 Compliance with
Law...................................17  Section 3.8
Litigation............................................17  Section 3.9
Employee Benefit Matters..............................17  Section 3.10
Taxes.................................................19  Section 3.11
Intellectual Property.................................20  Section 3.12
Material Contracts....................................20  Section 3.13
Brokers and Finders...................................22  Section 3.14
Absence of Certain Changes............................22  Section 3.15
Circulation Matters...................................22  Section 3.16
Environmental Matters.................................23  Section 3.17
Related Transactions..................................24  Section 3.18 Real
Property.........................................24    -i-    Section
3.19 Advertising...........................................25  Section 3.20
Sufficiency of Assets.................................25  Section 3.21
Insurance.............................................25  ARTICLE IV
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER.............26   Section 4.1
Organization and Qualification........................26  Section 4.2
Authorization and Validity of Agreement...............26  Section 4.3
Consents and Approvals................................26  Section 4.4 No
Violation..........................................27  Section 4.5
Funding...............................................27  Section 4.6 Brokers
and Finders...................................27  ARTICLE V COVENANTS OF THE
COMPANY................................27   Section 5.1 Conduct of the
Company................................27  Section 5.2 Termination of
Discussions; No Solicitations..........30  Section 5.3 Repurchase of
Notes...................................30  Section 5.4 Termination of
Affiliate Agreements...................30  ARTICLE VI COVENANTS OF
PURCHASER..................................31   Section 6.1 Compensation and
Benefits.............................31  Section 6.2 Insurance;
Indemnity..................................32  ARTICLE VII COVENANTS OF
PURCHASER AND THE COMPANY..................33   Section 7.1 Access to
Information.................................33  Section 7.2 Reasonable
Efforts....................................33  Section 7.3 Certain
Filings.......................................34  Section 7.4 Public
Announcements..................................34  Section 7.5 Survival of
Representations and Warranties............34  Section 7.6 Notices of Certain
Events.............................35  Section 7.7 Implied
Warranties....................................35  ARTICLE VIII CONDITIONS TO
THE MERGER................................35   Section 8.1 Conditions to
Obligations of Each Party...............35  Section 8.2 Conditions Precedent
to the Obligations  of the Company...................................36 
Section 8.3 Conditions Precedent to the Obligations  of Purchaser and Merger
Sub......................36  ARTICLE IX
TERMINATION.............................................38   Section 9.1
Termination...........................................38  Section 9.2 Effect
of Termination.................................39    -ii-   ARTICLE X
MISCELLANEOUS...........................................39   Section 10.1
Notices...............................................39  Section 10.2 Entire
Agreement......................................40  Section 10.3 Assignment;
Binding Effect............................40  Section 10.4 Fees and
Expenses.....................................41  Section 10.5
Amendments............................................41  Section 10.6
Waivers...............................................41  Section 10.7
Severability..........................................41  Section 10.8
Captions..............................................41  Section 10.9
Counterparts..........................................41  Section 10.10
Governing Law.........................................41  Section 10.11
Jurisdiction; Venue; Services of Process..............42    -iii-     
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   This AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER
("Agreement") is made and entered into this 2nd day of July, 2004, by and
among 21ST CENTURY NEWSPAPERS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"),
JOURNAL REGISTER COMPANY, a Delaware corporation ("Purchaser"), and WOLVERINE
ACQUISITION CORP., a Delaware corporation wholly owned by Purchaser ("Merger
Sub").   RECITALS   WHEREAS, the respective Boards of Directors of the
Company and Merger Sub have determined that the merger of Merger Sub with and
into the Company (the "Merger"), upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in this Agreement, would be fair and in the best interests of the
current Stockholders and the stockholders of Merger Sub, respectively;  
WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, Stockholders
holding in excess of 80% of the Company Stock have executed, and delivered to
Purchaser, written consents irrevocably approving the Merger and the
transactions contemplated hereby;   WHEREAS, Purchaser and the Company
desire to make, and have relied upon, certain representations, warranties,
covenants and agreements in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby.   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, and of
the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained herein,
the parties hereto agree as follows:   ARTICLE I   DEFINITIONS  
Section 1.1 DEFINED TERMS. When used in this Agreement, the following terms
shall have the meanings set forth below:   "Affiliate" means, with respect
to any specified Person, a Person that directly, or indirectly through one or
more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under common control
with, such specified Person, including, without limitation, each Subsidiary
of such specified Person. For the purposes of this definition, "control",
when used with respect to any specified Person, means the power to direct or
cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, directly
or indirectly, whether through ownership of voting securities or by contract,
credit arrangement or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled"
have meanings correlative to the foregoing.   "Agreement" has the meaning
set forth in the Preamble.      "Alternative Transaction" means, with
respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries, any transaction or series of
related transactions involving (a) other than as permitted pursuant to
Section 5.1, the sale, disposition or other transfer of a material amount of
the assets of the Company or its Subsidiaries, (b) other than in accordance
with the Trust Agreement of Brill Media Company, LLC, et al., Liquidation
Trust dated as of December 31, 2003, the sale, disposition or other transfer
of shares of any series of capital stock of the Company or its Subsidiaries
(other than pursuant to the exercise of Options outstanding as of the date
hereof) or (c) a merger, consolidation, recapitalization or similar
transaction involving the Company and/or its Subsidiaries.   "Closing" has
the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.   "Closing Date" has the meaning set
forth in Section 2.2.   "Code" means the United States Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended.   "Commitment Letters" has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.5.   "Company" has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.  
"Company Benefit Plans" means all Employee Benefit Plans
sponsored, contributed to or maintained by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, or to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party,
for the benefit of, or with, current or former employees of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries, but excluding any Multiemployer Plan.   "Company
Business" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.20.   "Company Disclosure
Schedule" means the Disclosure Schedule delivered by the Company to Purchaser
simultaneously with the execution and delivery of this Agreement.  
"Company Expenses" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.11.   "Company
Intellectual Property" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.11.  
"Company Material Adverse Effect" means any change, development, event or
circumstance which would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to (i) have a material adverse effect on the business, cash
flows, results of operations, assets, liabilities or financial condition of
the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, other than effects caused
by events, changes or developments relating to the economy in general or
resulting from industry-wide developments generally affecting newspaper
publishing companies except to the extent and only to the extent the Company
is affected in a disproportionate manner as compared to other similar
companies in the newspaper publishing industry or the failure of the Company
and its Subsidiaries to retain employees as a result of the announcement of
the transactions contemplated hereby or (ii) prevent, impede or delay the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.   "Company
Publications" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.20.    -2-    
"Company Stock" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.8(b).   "Company\'s
Organizational Documents" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1.  
"Contract" means any written note, bond, mortgage, indenture, letter of
credit, lease or sublease, contract, agreement, obligation,
arrangement, understanding or commitment.   "DGCL" has the meaning set
forth in Section 2.1.   "Dissenting Stockholders" has the meaning set forth
in Section 2.10.   "Effective Time" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.3.   "Employee Benefit Plan" means each plan, program, policy,
payroll practice, contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for
compensation, severance, termination pay, performance awards, stock or stock-
related awards, fringe benefits or other employee benefits of any kind,
including, without limitation, each "employee benefit plan", within the
meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA (whether or not such plan is actually
subject to ERISA).   "Environment" means the environment as defined by
Section 101(8) of the federal Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, 42 U.S.C. ss. 9601(8), and also
includes any ambient air inside a structure or building.   "Environmental
Laws" means, without limitation, the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, 42 U.S.C. ss.ss. 9601 et seq., the
Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act of 1986, 42 U.S.C. ss.ss.
11001 et seq., the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. ss.ss.
6901 et seq., the Toxic Substances Control Act, 15 U.S.C. ss.ss. 2601 et
seq., the Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C. ss.ss. 7401 et seq., and the Clean Water
Act (Federal Water Pollution Control Act), 33 U.S.C. ss.ss. 1251 et seq., all
rules and regulations promulgated pursuant to any of the above statutes, and
any other applicable federal, state or local law, statute, ordinance, rule or
regulation governing, or common law cause of action with respect to,
Environmental Matters.   "Environmental Matters" means any matters arising
out of or relating to health and safety, or toxic or hazardous waste,
materials or substances, or pollution or protection of the Environment or
workplace (or the effect of the environment on human health and safety), or
restoration of natural resources, including, without limitation, any of the
foregoing relating to the use, generation, transport, treatment, Release,
threatened Release, storage, or disposal of any Hazardous Substances.  
"Environmental Permits" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.16(c).  
"ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974,
as amended.   "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.   
-3-     "Financial Statements" means the audited consolidated balance
sheet, consolidated statements of income and consolidated statements of cash
flows and consolidated statements of shareholders\' equity for the Company
and its Subsidiaries for the years ended December 30, 2001, December 29, 2002
and December 28, 2003 and the unaudited consolidated balance sheet,
consolidated statements of income and consolidated statements of cash flows
and consolidated statements of shareholders\' equity for the three months
ended March 28, 2004 for the Company and its Subsidiaries.   "FIRPTA
Certificate" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.13.   "GAAP" means
United States generally accepted accounting principles and practices as in
effect from time to time and applied consistently throughout the periods
involved.   "Governmental Entity" means any government or any court,
arbitral tribunal, administrative agency or commission or other governmental
or other regulatory or self regulatory authority or agency, federal, state,
local or foreign.   "Governmental Order" means any order, writ, judgment,
injunction, decree, stipulation, determination or award entered by or with
any Governmental Entity.   "Hazardous Substance" means any chemicals,
materials, wastes, or substances defined as or included in the definition of
"hazardous substances", "hazardous wastes", "hazardous materials", "hazardous
constituents", "restricted hazardous materials", "extremely hazardous
substances", "toxic substances", "contaminants", "pollutants", "toxic
pollutants", "residual waste", or words of similar meaning and regulatory
effect under any applicable Environmental Laws and shall include, without
limitation, petroleum, asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls, untreated sewage,
industrial sludge, radioactive materials, and crude oil.   "HSR Act" has
the meaning set forth in Section 3.4.   "Indebtedness" means (a) the Senior
Indebtedness, (b) the Notes, and in the case of each of (a) and (b) any cost
or expense (including, for the sake of clarity, accrued interest) incurred in
the repayment, repurchase, redemption, retirement or other cancellation
thereof and any other amounts required to fulfill the Company\'s obligations
pursuant to Section 2.11 and Section 5.3, and (c) any capital lease
obligations, including, for the sake of clarity, in each of cases (a), (b)
and (c) the current portion thereof.   "Indemnified Persons" has the meaning
set forth in Section 6.2.   "Insurance Policies" has the meaning set forth
in Section 3.21.   "Intellectual Property" means domestic and foreign
patents, patent applications, inventions, invention disclosures, trademark
and service mark applications, registered trademarks, registered service
marks, copyrights, copyright registrations, trademarks, service marks, trade
names, material trade secrets, know-how, formulae, processes, material
licenses in respect of computer software and other intellectual property,
material websites, material domain    -4-    names and other
intellectual property and all applications for registration of any of the
foregoing, all goodwill associated therewith and all other intellectual
property rights.   "Investor Stockholders Agreement" means that certain
Investor Stockholders Agreement dated as of August 21, 1997 by and among the
Company and certain of the Stockholders.   "IRS" means the Internal Revenue
Service.   "knowledge of the Company" means the actual knowledge, after
due inquiry, of Frank H. Shepherd, Douglas P. Haensel, Bill Williamson, Mike
White, Bob Sliwa, Carol Floto, Bill McHugh, Dan Smith, Ed Moss, Joanni
Dittrich, Ron Wood, Steve Funk and Tim Thiry.   "Leased Real Property"
means the real property leased, subleased or otherwise occupied by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, as tenant, subtenant or otherwise,
together with, to the extent leased, subleased or otherwise occupied by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, all buildings and other structures,
facilities or improvements currently located thereon, and all fixtures,
systems and equipment attached or appurtenant thereto.   "Liabilities" means
any and all debts, liabilities, damages, or other obligations (whether
accrued, absolute, contingent, matured, unmatured, liquidated, unliquidated,
known or unknown) including those arising under any law, Proceeding or
Governmental Order and those arising under any Contract.   "Lien" means any
claim, pledge, restriction on voting or transfer or pledge, option, right of
first refusal or first offer or other third party right, mortgage, deed of
trust, lien (including, without limitation, environmental and tax liens, or
otherwise), condition, covenant, restriction, charge, easement, encumbrance,
restriction or security interest or other title defect or similar right of
any kind.   "Loss" means all losses, dues, royalties, costs, charges,
expenses, Liabilities, awards, Liens, judgments, fines, penalties, demands,
claims, actions, causes of action, Taxes, assessments, amounts paid in
settlement, or deficiencies (including the expenses of investigation and
attorneys\' fees and expenses).   "Material Contracts" has the meaning set
forth in Section 3.12.   "Merger" has the meaning set forth in the
Recitals.   "Merger Consideration" means an amount equal to Four Hundred
Fifteen Million Dollars ($415 million), plus (1) the aggregate of (a) the
aggregate amount of the Company\'s and each of its Subsidiaries\' cash and
cash equivalents on hand or in bank accounts as of the Closing (net of
amounts of outstanding checks or transfers) (but not including cash or cash
equivalents to the extent applied to satisfy the minimum amount set forth in
Section 8.3(g)) and (b) an amount equal to 27% of the Option Payments, less
(2) the aggregate of (x) the aggregate amount of all Indebtedness of the
Company and its Subsidiaries as of the Closing, (y) all Company Expenses and
(z) 73% of the amount payable to employees of the Company as transaction
bonuses in the    -5-    amounts and to the individuals set forth on
Exhibit A (which amounts shall include the portion thereof which the Company
is required to withhold under applicable Tax laws) (the "Transaction
Bonuses"). An illustrative computation of the Merger Consideration is set
forth on Section 1.1 of the Company Disclosure Schedule.   "Merger Sub" has
the meaning set forth in the Preamble.   "Multiemployer Plan" means any
"multiemployer plan" within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA.  
"Multiple Employer Plan" means any plan that has two or more contributing
sponsors at least two of whom are not under common control, within the
meaning of Section 4063 of ERISA.   "Notes" has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.10.   "Option" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.8(d).  
"Option Holder" means any holder of Options.   "Option Payments" means the
aggregate amount payable pursuant to Section 2.8(d) as a result of the
cancellation or termination of outstanding Options in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby (which amount shall include the portion
thereof which the Company is required to withhold under applicable Tax
laws).   "Other Filings" means any filings required to be filed by the
Company or Purchaser with any Governmental Entity under the Securities Act,
the Exchange Act, any stock exchange rule or any other federal, state, local
or foreign laws in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby.  
"Owned Real Property" means the real property owned by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, together with all buildings and other
structures, facilities or improvements currently located thereon, all
fixtures, systems and equipment of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
attached or appurtenant thereto and all easements, licenses, rights and
appurtenances relating to the foregoing.   "PBGC" means the Pension Benefit
Guaranty Corporation   "Permit" means any license, franchise, permit,
consent, concession, order, approval, variance, certificates, exemptions,
authorization or registration from, of or with a Governmental Entity.  
"Permitted Liens" means such of the following as to which no enforcement,
collection, execution, levy or foreclosure proceeding shall have been
commenced: (a) Liens for Taxes, assessments and governmental charges
or levies not due and payable and for which adequate reserves are maintained
on the financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the
Closing Date in conformity with GAAP; (b) Liens imposed by law, such as   
-6-    materialmen\'s, mechanics\', carriers\', workmen\'s and
repairmen\'s liens and other similar liens arising in the ordinary course of
business securing obligations that are not overdue for a period of more than
30 days or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings
(and for which adequate reserves are maintained on the financial statements
of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the Closing Date in conformity with
GAAP), but which in each case do not exceed $25,000 individually or $100,000
in the aggregate; (c) immaterial pledges or deposits to secure obligations
under workers\' compensation laws or similar legislation or to secure public
or statutory obligations; (d) immaterial deposits to secure the performance
of bids, trade contracts (other than for borrowed money), leases, statutory
obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations
of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice, (e) all matters of record, including, without limitation,
survey exceptions, reciprocal easement agreements and other encumbrances on
title to real property, (f) all applicable zoning, entitlement, conservation
restrictions and other land use and environmental regulations, (g) all
exceptions, restrictions, easements, charges, rights-of-way and other Liens
set forth in any Permits or other state, local or municipal franchise
applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their
respective properties, (h) Liens securing the obligations of the Company and
its Subsidiaries under the Senior Indebtedness, and (i) Liens referred to in
Section 1.2 of the Company Disclosure Schedule.   "Per Share Stock
Consideration" means that amount which when multiplied by the sum of:   (a)
the number of outstanding shares of common stock outstanding  immediately
prior to the Effective Time, and   (b) the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon the exercise of  Options outstanding as of the Effective Time
(whether or not such  Options are vested and whether or not such Options are
exercisable  prior to the Effective Time) which have an exercise price that
is less  than the amount referred to in the first line of this definition
(the  "In The Money Options"),   will be equal to the Merger Consideration
plus the aggregate exercise price of the In the Money Options.   "Person"
means an individual, a corporation, a limited liability company, a
partnership, an association, a trust or any other entity or organization,
including a Governmental Entity.   "Proceedings" has the meaning set forth
in Section 3.16(d).   "Purchaser" has the meaning set forth in the
Preamble.   "Purchaser Disclosure Schedule" means the Disclosure
Schedule delivered by Purchaser to the Company simultaneously with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement.   "Real Property" means,
collectively, the Leased Real Property and the Owned Real Property.    
-7-     "Registration Rights Agreement" means that certain Amended
and Restated Registration Rights Agreement by and among the Company,
the Stockholders and the other parties thereto dated March 22, 2002, as
amended through the date hereof.   "Release" means any spill, leaking,
pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, dumping, injection, deposit, disposal,
discharge, dispersal, leaching, or allowing the escape, of any Hazardous
Substance into the Environment.   "Securities Act" means the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.   "Senior Indebtedness" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.10.   "Stock Consideration" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.8(b).   "Stockholders" means the holders of Company Stock.  
"Stockholders Agreement" means that certain Amended and Restated Stockholders
Agreement by and among the Company and the Stockholders dated March 22,
2002.   "Surviving Corporation" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.1.   "Subsidiary" means, with respect to any Person, any Person of
which such first Person (either above or through or together with any
other Subsidiary) (i) is a general partner; (ii) holds or controls, directly
or indirectly, voting power to elect a majority of the Board of Directors or
others performing similar functions or (iii) owns, directly or indirectly,
more than 20% of the stock, equity interests or other securities.   "Tax"
means any net income, alternative or add-on minimum tax, gross income, gross
receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, value added, transfer, franchise, profits,
withholding, payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, capital stock,
occupation, property, environmental or windfall profits tax, or other like
assessment or charge of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest,
penalty, addition to tax or additional amount imposed by any tax authority
(domestic or foreign) responsible for the imposition of any such tax.   "Tax
Return" means any return, declaration or information return relating to Tax,
including any schedule or attachment thereto, and including any amendment
thereto, filed or required to be filed with any tax authority.  
"Termination Date" means December 2, 2004.   "Transfer Taxes" has the
meaning set forth in Section 2.12.   "Withdrawal Liability" means liability
to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from
such Multiemployer Plan, as those terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E
of Title IV of ERISA.    -8-     "Working Capital" means and includes:
(i) the current assets of the Company, including accounts receivable net of
reserves; inventories, and prepaid expenses; but excluding cash and cash
equivalents, less (ii) the current Liabilities of the Company, including
accounts payable, accrued expenses and unearned subscriptions liability
(excluding debit balances, if any, in unearned subscription accounts); but
excluding the current portion of Indebtedness, the Option Payments and the
Company Expenses, in the case of each of the foregoing as determined in
accordance with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with the basis on which
GAAP was applied in connection with the Financial Statements.   Section 1.2
INTERPRETATION. Meanings specified in this Agreement shall be applicable to
both the singular and plural forms of such terms and to the masculine,
feminine and neuter genders, as the context requires and the words "include",
"includes" or "including" shall be deemed to be followed by the
words "without limitation".   ARTICLE II   THE MERGER   Section 2.1 THE
MERGER. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement and in
accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL"), at the
Effective Time, Merger Sub shall be merged with and into the Company and the
separate corporate existence of Merger Sub shall thereupon cease. The Company
shall be the surviving corporation in the Merger (the Company in its capacity
as the surviving corporation is sometimes hereinafter referred to as the
"Surviving Corporation"). The Merger shall have the effects specified in the
DGCL.   Section 2.2 CLOSING. Unless this Agreement is sooner terminated
as provided in Article IX, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in this Agreement, the closing of the Merger (the "Closing") shall take
place at the offices of Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver and Jacobson LLP, One New
York Plaza, New York, New York 10004, at 9:00 a.m. local time, on the third
business day following the last to be fulfilled or waived of the conditions
set forth in Article VIII (other than those conditions that by their nature
are to be fulfilled at the Closing, but subject to the fulfillment of such
conditions) to be fulfilled or waived in accordance herewith, or at such
other time or date as the parties hereto may agree. The date on which the
Closing shall occur is hereinafter referred to as the "Closing Date".  
Section 2.3 EFFECTIVE TIME. If all the conditions to the Merger set forth in
Article VIII shall have been fulfilled or waived in accordance herewith and
this Agreement shall not have been terminated as provided in Article IX,
the parties hereto shall cause a Certificate of Merger meeting the
requirements of Section 251 of the DGCL to be properly executed and filed in
accordance with such Section on the Closing Date. The Merger shall become
effective at the time of filing of the Certificate of Merger with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in accordance with the DGCL or at
such later time which the parties shall have agreed upon and designated in
such filing as the effective time of the Merger (the "Effective Time").   
-9-     Section 2.4 ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION. The articles of
incorporation of the Surviving Corporation in effect at the Effective Time
shall, at the Effective Time, be amended to conform to the certificate of
incorporation of Merger Sub (except that the name of the Surviving
Corporation shall be "21st Century Newspapers, Inc.") until duly amended in
accordance with the terms thereof and the DGCL.   Section 2.5 BYLAWS. The
bylaws of the Surviving Corporation in effect at the Effective Time shall, at
the Effective Time, be amended to conform to the bylaws of Merger Sub until
duly amended in accordance with the terms thereof and the DGCL.   Section
2.6 DIRECTORS OF THE SURVIVING CORPORATION. As of the Effective Time, the
directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the
directors of the Surviving Corporation until the earlier of their resignation
or removal or until their respective successors are duly elected and
qualified, as the case may be.   Section 2.7 OFFICERS OF THE SURVIVING
CORPORATION. As of the Effective Time, the officers of the Company
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the officers of the
Surviving Corporation until the earlier of their resignation or removal or
until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case
may be.   Section 2.8 EFFECT OF MERGER ON CAPITAL STOCK. As of the
Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of
the holder of any shares of the capital stock of the Company or any shares of
the capital stock of Merger Sub:   (a) Each share of common stock, $0.01
par value, of Merger Sub issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be converted into one fully paid and nonassessable share
of voting common stock, $0.01 par value, of the Surviving Corporation.  
(b) The Merger Consideration shall be allocated among the Stockholders and
the Option Holders in the manner provided in this Section 2.8(b) and
in Section 2.8(d). Except as otherwise provided herein, each share of common
stock of the Company ("Company Stock") issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time (other than any shares of Company Stock that are
owned or held in treasury by the Company) shall be converted into the right
to receive from the Surviving Corporation upon the consummation of the Merger
an amount equal to the Per Share Stock Consideration. The Per Share Stock
Consideration payable to any Stockholder shall be paid solely in cash. As of
the Effective Time, all shares of Company Stock issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall no longer be outstanding and
shall automatically be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and
each holder of a certificate representing any such shares of Company Stock
shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except the right to
receive the Per Share Stock Consideration upon surrender of such certificate
in accordance with this Section 2.8(b) and Section 2.9.   (c)
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, shares of Company
Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time held by
a holder (if any) who has the right , if applicable, to demand payment for
and an appraisal of such shares in accordance with the DGCL shall not
be converted into a right to receive the Per Share Stock   
-10-    Consideration unless such holder fails to perfect or otherwise
loses such holder\'s right to such payment or appraisal, if any.   (d) All
options to purchase shares of capital stock of the Company (individually, an
"Option" and collectively, the "Options") outstanding immediately prior to
the Effective Time whether under any Company stock option plan or otherwise,
and whether or not then exercisable, shall be cancelled and each Option
Holder will be entitled to receive, for each share of Company Stock subject
to an Option, an amount in cash equal to the excess, if any, of the Per Share
Stock Consideration over the per share exercise price of such Option.
The amounts payable pursuant to this Section 2.8(d) shall be paid as soon
as practicable after the Effective Time in accordance with this Section
2.8(d). All amounts payable pursuant to this Section 2.8(d) shall be subject
to any required withholding of Taxes. The Company shall request each Option
Holder to submit to the Company, not later than five business days prior to
the Effective Time, instructions for delivery of the applicable Per Share
Stock Consideration, which instructions shall include customary
representations and warranties by the Option Holder as to the ownership of
Options. No later than three business days prior to the Effective Time the
Company shall deliver to Purchaser a schedule setting forth how the payments
to be made pursuant to this Section 2.8(d) will be distributed, including
wire instructions in the case of payments to be made at the Effective Time by
wire transfer.   Section 2.9 EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES. (a) On or after the
Effective Time, each holder of an outstanding certificate or certificates
which prior thereto represented shares of Company Stock shall surrender to
the Surviving Corporation the certificate or certificates representing such
shares of Company Stock and, upon acceptance thereof and of the instruction
letter described below by the Surviving Corporation, be entitled to the
amount of cash (after giving effect to any required Tax withholdings) into
which such holder\'s shares of Company Stock have been converted pursuant to
this Agreement. The Company shall request each Stockholder to submit to the
Company, not later than five business days prior to the Effective Time,
instructions for delivery of the applicable Per Share Stock Consideration,
which instructions shall include customary representations and warranties by
the Stockholder as to ownership and absence of Liens of the Stockholder\'s
shares of Company Stock. No later than three business days prior to the
Effective Time, the Company shall deliver to Purchaser a schedule setting
forth how the Stock Consideration will be distributed, including wire
instructions in the case of payments to be made at the Effective Time by wire
transfer. After the Effective Time, there shall be no further transfer on the
records of the Company or its transfer agent of certificates representing
shares of Company Stock which have been converted, in whole or in part,
pursuant to this Agreement into the right to receive cash and if
such certificates are presented to the Surviving Corporation for transfer,
they shall be canceled against delivery of cash. Until surrendered as
contemplated by this Section 2.9(a), each certificate for shares of Company
Stock shall be deemed at any time after the Effective Time to represent only
the right to receive upon such surrender the Per Share Stock Consideration
payable as contemplated by Section 2.8(b). No interest will be paid or will
accrue on any amounts payable as Per Share Stock Consideration or as Option
Payments.    -11-     (b) No dividends or other distributions with
respect to Company Stock with a record date after the Effective Time shall be
paid to the holder of any unsurrendered certificate for shares of Company
Stock with respect to the shares of Company Stock represented thereby.  
(c) Neither Purchaser nor the Company shall be liable to any Person
in respect of any shares of retained Company Stock (or dividends or
distributions with respect thereto) or the Per Share Stock Consideration
required to be delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable
abandoned property, escheat or similar law.   (d) If any consideration is
to be paid to a Person other than the Person in whose name the certificate or
Option surrendered in exchange therefor is registered, it shall be a
condition to such exchange that the Person requesting such exchange shall pay
to the Surviving Corporation any Transfer Taxes or other Taxes required by
reason of the payment of such consideration to a Person other than that of
the registered holder of the certificate or Option so surrendered, or such
person shall establish to the reasonable satisfaction of the Surviving
Corporation that such Tax has been paid or is not applicable.   (e) If any
certificate for shares of Company Stock shall have been lost, stolen or
destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the Person
claiming such certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by
Purchaser or the Surviving Corporation, the posting by such Person of a bond,
in such reasonable amount as Purchaser or the Surviving Corporation may
direct, as indemnity against any claim that may be made against it
with respect to the alleged loss, theft or destruction of such certificate,
the Surviving Corporation will pay, in exchange for such lost, stolen or
destroyed certificate, the Per Share Stock Consideration to be paid in
respect of the shares of Company Stock represented by such certificate.  
Section 2.10 PAYMENT AT CLOSING FOR CERTAIN INDEBTEDNESS. At or immediately
prior to the Closing, (a) Purchaser and Merger Sub shall provide sufficient
funds to the Company to enable the Company to (i) repay in full
the obligations of the Company under that certain Credit Agreement, dated as
of August 27, 2002, among the Company, the credit parties signatory thereto,
the lenders signatory thereto, Comerica Bank as Syndication Agent, Suntrust
Bank as Documentation Agent, General Electric Capital Corporation as
Administrative Agent, Agent and Lender and GECC Capital Markets Group, Inc.
as Lead Arranger, as amended (the "Senior Indebtedness") and (ii) redeem the
Notes in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.1 of the Purchase
Agreement, dated March 22, 2002, as amended, relating to the Company\'s 14%
Subordinated Notes due March 31, 2009 (the "Notes"), (b) the Company will
settle the Senior Indebtedness, (c) the Company will redeem the Notes in full
and (d) the Company will repurchase, at a purchase price of $0.01 per share,
all shares issued in connection with the Notes which remain in escrow as of
the date hereof (it being agreed and understood that the actions referred to
in clauses (a) through (d) above may occur substantially simultaneously). At
least five business days prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall have
delivered to Purchaser a copy of a customary pay-off letter with respect to
the Senior Indebtedness and shall have made arrangements reasonably
satisfactory to Purchaser for the release of all Liens securing such Senior
Indebtedness.    -12-     Section 2.11 PAYMENTS AT CLOSING FOR
EXPENSES. No later than three business days prior to the Closing Date, the
Company shall provide Purchaser with a statement of all outstanding fees and
expenses of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries in connection with the
negotiation and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby that
have not been paid (such fees and expenses, other than the Transaction
Bonuses and Option Payments, the "Company Expenses"). At the Closing,
Purchaser and Merger Sub shall provide sufficient funds to the Surviving
Corporation to enable the Surviving Corporation to, and shall cause the
Surviving Corporation to, pay the Company Expenses and the Transaction
Bonuses.   Section 2.12 TRANSFER TAXES. Except as otherwise provided in
Section 2.9(d), Purchaser shall be responsible for and shall pay all sales,
use, transfer, real property transfer, documentary, recording, stock transfer
and similar Taxes and fees, and any deficiency, interest or penalty asserted
with respect thereto (collectively, "Transfer Taxes") arising out of the
transactions effected pursuant to this Agreement. The Company shall timely
file all necessary documentation and Tax Returns with respect to such
Transfer Taxes. For the avoidance of doubt, Transfer Taxes shall not include
any Taxes that are based on, or calculated by reference to, income, profits
or gains.   Section 2.13 FIRPTA CERTIFICATE. At or prior to the Closing
Date, the Company shall deliver to Purchaser (a) a certification from the
Company which complies with Treasury Regulation Section 1.1445-2(c)(3), dated
no more than 30 days prior to the Closing Date and signed by a responsible
corporate officer of the Company, that no interest in the Company is a
"United States real property interest" (as defined in Section 897(c)(1) of
the Code) (a "FIRPTA Certificate"), and (b) proof reasonably satisfactory to
Purchaser that the Company has provided notice of such certification to the
Internal Revenue Service in accordance with the provisions of Treasury
Regulation Section 1.897-2(h)(2). If the Company fails to deliver the
documentation described in the preceding sentence, notwithstanding anything
contained herein to the contrary, Purchaser shall be entitled to withhold
from the portion of the Merger Consideration payable to a holder of Company
Stock or from the portion of the Option Payments payable to a holder of an
Option any amounts required to be withheld pursuant to Section 1445 of the
Code, unless such holder provides Purchaser with a validly executed IRS Form
W-9.   ARTICLE III   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY   The
Company represents and warrants to Purchaser as follows:   Section 3.1
ORGANIZATION AND QUALIFICATION. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is
duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, has the requisite power
and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on
its business as it is now being conducted and is in good standing and duly
qualified to do business in each jurisdiction in which the transaction of its
business makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be
so qualified and in good standing would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a    -13-    Company
Material Adverse Effect. True and complete copies of the Company\'s and each
of its Subsidiaries\' certificate of incorporation and by-laws (or if
such Subsidiary is not a corporation, its organizational documents)
(collectively, the "Company\'s Organizational Documents"), each as amended to
date and currently in full force and effect, have been delivered to Purchaser
(it being agreed that anything provided to Purchaser in the data room
prepared by the Company in connection with the transactions shall be deemed
to be delivered to Purchaser for the purposes of this Agreement).   Section
3.2 CAPITALIZATION. (a) The authorized capital stock of the Company consists
of 2,000,000 shares of Company Stock. As of the date of this Agreement, (i)
961,887 shares of Company Stock are issued and outstanding and 10,000 shares
of Company Stock are held in treasury, (ii) 175,306 shares of Company Stock
are reserved or required to be reserved for issuance pursuant to outstanding
Options and 119,099 shares of Company Stock are reserved or required to be
reserved for issuance in respect of future grants of Options and (iii) 5,351
shares of Company Stock (which are included in such 961,887 shares of Company
stock issued and outstanding) are being held in escrow for the benefit of the
holders of Notes. Except as set forth on Section 3.2(a) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, all outstanding shares of Company Stock are
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and are not subject to
preemptive rights or, to the knowledge of the Company, Liens. Section 3.2(a)
of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list, as of the date hereof,
of the Stockholders and each holder of Options and the number of shares of
Company Stock held by each such Stockholder and the number of shares of
Company Stock subject to each of such Options and the exercise prices
thereof. Except as set forth in Section 3.2(a) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, there are no outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls,
rights, commitments or any other agreements to which the Company is a party
or by which the Company is bound which obligate the Company to (i) issue,
deliver or sell or cause to be issued, delivered or sold any additional
shares of Company Stock or any other capital stock of the Company or any
other securities convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for,
or evidencing the right to subscribe for, any such shares of Company Stock or
any other capital stock of the Company or (ii) purchase, redeem or
otherwise acquire, register, transfer, sell or make payments in respect of
any shares of Company Stock or any other capital stock of the Company. In
accordance with Article II hereof, upon the Effective Time, all of the
outstanding Options will be terminated and upon payment of the Option
Payments in accordance with Article II hereof, the Company will have no
further obligations to the holders thereof with respect thereto except to
remit the applicable withholding Taxes when due. Except as set forth in
Section 3.2(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule to the knowledge of the
Company, there are no voting trusts, stockholder agreements, proxies or other
agreements or understandings in effect with respect to the voting or transfer
of any of the Company Stock. All Stockholders are party to either the
Stockholders Agreement or the Investor Stockholders Agreement,
the Stockholders Agreement and the Investor Stockholders Agreement are
each enforceable in accordance with their terms and Section 7 of the
Stockholders Agreement and Section 1(b) of the Investor Stockholders
Agreement are each applicable to the transactions contemplated hereby. No
shares of Company Stock are held by any Subsidiary of the Company.   (b)
Except as set forth in Section 3.2(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the
Company does not have any Subsidiaries nor does it own, directly or
indirectly, any capital stock or other proprietary interest in any
Person. Except as set forth in Section 3.2(b) of the Company   
-14-    Disclosure Schedule, all such interests are owned by the Company
and are held free and clear of all Liens, other than Permitted Liens. Except
as set forth in Section 3.2(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there are
no outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, rights, commitments
or any other agreements to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or
by which the Company or any Subsidiary is bound which obligate the Company or
any Subsidiary to (i) issue, deliver or sell or cause to be issued, delivered
or sold any additional shares of capital stock or other proprietary interest
of any Subsidiary or any other securities convertible into, or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or evidencing the right to subscribe for, any such
shares of capital stock or other security or proprietary interest of any
Subsidiary or (ii) purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, register, transfer,
sell or make payments in respect of any shares of capital stock or other
proprietary interest of any Subsidiary.   Section 3.3 AUTHORIZATION AND
VALIDITY OF AGREEMENT. The Company has the requisite power and authority to
execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby in accordance with the terms hereof. The Company has duly
authorized the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and no
other proceedings on the part of the Company are necessary to authorize this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been
duly executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes the legal, valid
and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in
accordance with its terms.   Section 3.4 CONSENTS AND APPROVALS. Neither the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company nor the consummation
by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby will require on the
part of the Company any consent, approval, authorization or permit of, or
filing with, or notification to, any Governmental Entity, except (a) for any
applicable filings required under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act"), (b) as set forth in
Section 3.4 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, (c) as provided for in
Section 2.3 or (d) where the failure to obtain such consent, approval,
authorization or permit, or to make such filing or notification, would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect.   Section 3.5 NO VIOLATIONS. Except as set forth in
Section 3.5 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the execution and
delivery of this Agreement by the Company nor the consummation by the Company
of the transactions contemplated hereby will (a) conflict with or violate the
Company\'s Organizational Documents, (b) result in a violation or breach of,
constitute a default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both)
under, give rise to any right of termination, cancellation or acceleration
of, or result in the imposition of any Lien on any assets or property of the
Company or its Subsidiaries or result in any increase in the Company\'s or
any of its Subsidiaries\' payment or performance obligations pursuant to any
Contract or other obligation to which the Company or its Subsidiaries is a
party or by which the Company or its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
assets or properties are bound, except for such violations, breaches and
defaults (or rights of termination, cancellation or acceleration or Lien) as
to which requisite waivers or consents have been obtained or which would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect or (c) assuming the consents, approvals,
authorizations or permits and filings or notifications referred to in Section
3.4 and this Section 3.5 are duly and timely obtained or made, violate any
order, writ,    -15-    injunction, decree, statute, rule or regulation
applicable to the Company, or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their
respective assets and properties, except for such conflicts, violations,
breaches or defaults which would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.   Section
3.6 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS; UNDISCLOSED LIABILITIES. (a) The Financial
Statements are set forth in Section 3.6(a) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule. Each of the balance sheets included in the Financial
Statements (including any related notes and schedules thereto) fairly
presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of
the Company and its Subsidiaries as of its date, and each of the statements
of income and cash flows included in the Financial Statements (including any
related notes and schedules thereto) fairly presents, in all material
respects, the consolidated results of operations and cash flows of the
Company and its Subsidiaries for the periods set forth therein, in each case
in accordance with the books and records of the Company and GAAP (except that
such Financial Statements which are unaudited do not contain all of the
footnotes required under GAAP and are subject to normal year-end
adjustments).   (b) The balance sheet dated as of May 31, 2004 and the
statement of income and statement of cash flows for the Company and its
Subsidiaries for the five months ended May 31, 2004 (the "Recent Financial
Statements") are set forth in Section 3.6(b) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule and were each prepared in accordance with the normal practices of
the Company, under GAAP (except that the Recent Financial Statements do not
contain all of the footnotes required under GAAP), and reasonably reflect in
all material respects the combined results of operations of the Company and
its Subsidiaries for the periods set forth therein, subject to normal
recurring year-end adjustments.   (c) Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries has any material Liability, which is required to be disclosed on
a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP, other than (i) Liabilities
shown on the unaudited balance sheet for the Company for the three months
ended March 28, 2004 and (ii) Liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of
business since March 28, 2004, none of which would, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect.   (d) The books of account, minute books and other records of
the Company and each of its Subsidiaries, all of which have been made
available to Purchaser, are complete and correct in all material respects and
have been maintained in all material respects in accordance with sound
business practices. The accounts, books and records of the Company and each
of its Subsidiaries, are maintained in a manner consistent with past practice
and have recorded therein in all material respects the results of operations
and the assets and liabilities of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries,
required to be reflected under GAAP. The Company and its Subsidiaries
maintain a system of accounting and internal controls sufficient in all
material respects to provide reasonable assurances that financial
transactions are executed in accordance with the general and specific
authorization of the management of the Company and Subsidiaries. There are no
significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal controls over financial reporting that would reasonably be expected
to adversely affect the Company\'s ability to record, process, summarize and
report financial information, and there is no fraud,    -16-    whether
or not material, that involves management or, to the knowledge of
the Company, other employees who have a significant role in the Company\'s
internal controls and the Company has provided to Purchaser copies of any
written materials relating to the foregoing.   Section 3.7 COMPLIANCE WITH
LAW. Except as set forth in Section 3.7 of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
the Company and each of its Subsidiaries is conducting its business in
compliance in all material respects with all material laws, statutes, rules,
regulations, decrees or orders of any Governmental Entity applicable to it
and its properties. Except as set forth in Section 3.7 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule or as contemplated or permitted by this Agreement, the
Company and each of its Subsidiaries holds all Permits necessary for
the conduct of its business as now being conducted, except where the failure
to hold such Permits would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.   Section 3.8
LITIGATION. Except as disclosed in Section 3.8 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, there are no claims, requests for indemnification, actions,
proceedings or governmental investigations pending or, to the knowledge of
the Company, threatened against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
which, if adversely determined, would, individually or in the aggregate
reasonably be expected to result in (i) monetary damages in excess of $50,000
individually or $250,000 in the aggregate or (ii) the granting of other
relief which would reasonably be expected be material to the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries. The Company and its Subsidiaries are not subject to any
outstanding and unsatisfied order, writ, judgment, injunction or decree or
settlement or consent agreement by or with a Governmental Entity the
satisfaction of which would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed in
Section 3.8 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company has not asserted
any claim or request for indemnification or commenced or threatened any
action, proceeding or investigation in respect of any claim or request for
indemnification involving amounts in excess of $100,000.   Section 3.9
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT MATTERS. (a) All Company Benefit Plans that are material are
listed in Section 3.9(a)(1) of the Company Disclosure Schedule. True and
complete copies of the Company Benefit Plans so listed have been made
available to Purchaser, as have, with respect to each Company Benefit Plan so
listed, (i) the most recent Annual Report (Form 5500 Series) and accompanying
schedule, if any; (ii) the current summary plan description if any (whether
or not required to be furnished under ERISA); (iii) the most recent annual
financial and/or actuarial report, if any; and (iv) the most
recent determination letter from the IRS, if any. Except as disclosed in
Section 3.9(a)(2) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company Benefit
Plans have been administered in material compliance with their terms and with
the requirements of ERISA and the Code. Any Company Benefit Plan intended to
be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified and has either
been determined by the IRS to be so qualified or has been submitted to the
IRS to obtain such a determination within the applicable remedial amendment
period, as defined in Treas. Reg. ss. 1.401 (b)-(c), and, to the knowledge of
the Company, no circumstances exist that could adversely affect the qualified
status of any such plan or its related trust. To the knowledge of the
Company, there are no pending, nor has the Company received notice of any
threatened, material claims against or involving any of the Company Benefit
Plans. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has incurred, or
is    -17-    reasonably likely to incur, any Liability under Title IV
of ERISA (other than for PBGC premiums, which will be paid when due). Except
as set forth in Section 3.9(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the
Company has provided Purchaser with an estimate of the Withdrawal Liability
under each of the Multiemployer Plans set forth therein. There have been no
amendments to the Company Benefit Plans as reflected in the copies made
available to Purchaser that, individually or in the aggregate, materially
increase the benefits provided to participants thereunder.   (b) With
respect to each Company Benefit Plan that is subject to Title IV or Section
302 of ERISA or Sections 412 or 4971 of the Code (other than a Multiemployer
Plan), there does not exist any accumulated funding deficiency within the
meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, whether or not
waived. Each Company Benefit Plan that is a Multiemployer Plan or a Multiple
Employer Plan is listed on Section 3.9(b) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule.   (c) Except as disclosed in Section 3.9(c)(1) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, there are no unfair labor practice or labor
arbitration proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened against the Company or its Subsidiaries. Except as set forth in
Section 3.9(c)(2) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, (i) the Company and
each of its Subsidiaries is not delinquent in any material respect in
payments to any of its employees, for any wages, salaries, commissions,
bonuses or other direct compensation for any services performed or amounts
required to be reimbursed by them, (ii) the Company and each of its
Subsidiaries is in material compliance with all applicable federal, state and
local laws, rules and regulations respecting employment, employment
practices, labor, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours,
occupational safety and health and workers\' compensation, (iii) to the
knowledge of the Company, no labor union or labor union organization
has sought within the past three years to represent any of the Company\'s or
its Subsidiaries\' employees, representatives or agents or (iv) there is not,
nor has there been at any time during the past three years, any labor strike,
dispute, slowdown, organizing activity, or stoppage actually pending, or, to
the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or involving the Company or
its Subsidiaries. Each individual who renders services to the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries who is classified as having the status of an independent
contractor or other non-employee status for any purpose (including for
purposes of taxation and tax reporting and under Company Benefit Plans) is
properly so characterized. Section 3.9(a)(1) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule lists each Company Benefit Plan that provides life, health, medical
or other welfare benefits (other than health continuation coverage as
required by Section 4980B of the Code or Part 6 of Title I of ERISA) to
former employees or beneficiaries or dependents thereof, and, except as
provided in one or more collective bargaining agreements or as set forth in
Section 3.9(c)(3) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company and each of
its Subsidiaries has reserved the right to amend, terminate or modify at any
time all such plans.   (d) Section 3.5 of the Company Disclosure Schedule
sets forth a list of all Company Benefit Plans under which the execution and
delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby could (either alone or in conjunction with any other
event) result in, cause the accelerated vesting, funding or delivery of, or
increase the amount or value of, any payment or benefit to any employee,
officer or director of the Company    -18-    or any of its
Subsidiaries, or could limit the right of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries to amend, merge, terminate or receive a reversion of assets from
any Company Benefit Plan or related trust. Except as set forth in
Section 3.9(d)(1) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no amounts payable in
connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will
fail to be deductible for federal income tax purposes by virtue of Section
280G of the Code. The maximum amount payable to all Persons pursuant to the
Transaction Bonuses is $3,900,000, and the maximum amount of cash payments
payable pursuant to those arrangements set forth in Section 3.9(d)(2) is as
set forth therein as of the date hereof.   Section 3.10 TAXES. (a) Except
as set forth in Section 3.10 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, (i) all
material Tax Returns required to be filed by or on behalf of the Company and
its Subsidiaries have been timely filed (taking into account any extension of
time to file) and all such Tax Returns were true, complete and correct in all
material respects, (ii) all Taxes required to be paid by or with respect to
the Company and its Subsidiaries have been timely paid and neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any material liability for Taxes in
excess of the amounts paid (or reserved, in accordance with GAAP, on the
Financial Statements), (iii) as of the date hereof, no deficiencies or other
claims for unpaid Taxes have been proposed, asserted, assessed, or threatened
in each case in writing against or with respect to the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, (iv) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party
to any agreement or arrangement providing for the allocation, sharing or
indemnification of Taxes, or has any liability for Taxes of another Person
(other than the Company and its Subsidiaries) under Treasury Regulation
Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state, local or foreign law),
as transferee or successor, by contract or otherwise, and (v) there are
no Tax Liens against any property or assets of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, except for Permitted Liens.   (b) Except as set forth in
Section 3.10 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, all Taxes that the Company
and its Subsidiaries are required to withhold or collect have been duly
withheld or collected and have been timely paid over, as required, to the
appropriate taxing authority.   (c) Except as set forth in Section 3.10 of
the Company Disclosure Schedule, there are no audits, inspections, inquiries,
or proceedings pending or in progress with respect to Taxes of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
have received written notice of any potential audit, inspection, inquiry or
proceeding with respect to Taxes. Except as set forth in Section 3.10 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, no waivers of statutes of limitations and no
extensions of time with respect to any assessment or deficiency of Tax have
been given with respect to any material Taxes with respect to the Company and
its Subsidiaries, which waivers or extensions are in effect as of the date
hereof.   (d) (i) Within the past five (5) years, neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries has been a "distributing corporation" or a
"controlled corporation" in a distribution intended to qualify under Section
355(a) of the Code and (ii) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
has participated in any "reportable transaction" or "listed transaction" that
is required to be reported pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section
1.6011-4.    -19-     (e) The net operating loss carryforwards ("NOLs")
of the Company as of December 31, 2003 were, and as of the date hereof are,
not less than (i) $27 million for federal income tax purposes and (ii) $20
million for federal alternative minimum tax purposes. Except for limitations
that may apply by reason of the Merger, such NOLs are not subject to
limitation under Section 382 of the Code, Treasury Regulation Sections
1.1502-15, -21, or otherwise.   (f) Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries will be required to include any item of income in, or exclude
any item of deduction from, taxable income for any taxable period (or portion
thereof) that begins after the Closing Date as a result of any (i) change in
method of accounting for a taxable period (or portion thereof) ending on or
prior to the Closing Date under Section 481(c) of the Code (or any similar
provision of state, local or foreign law), (ii) "closing agreement" as
described in Section 7121 of the Code (or any similar provision of state,
local or foreign law) or (iii) installment sale or open transaction
disposition made on or prior to the Closing Date.   Section 3.11
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns or has
the valid right to use all material Intellectual Property used in or
necessary for the conduct of its business as now operated (the "Company
Intellectual Property"). Section 3.11 of the Company Disclosure Schedule
lists all Company Intellectual Property that are United States patents, and
applications therefor, United States federal and state registered
trademarks and service marks, and applications therefor, and copyright
registrations. The operation of the business of the Company and its
Subsidiaries does not in any material respect violate, infringe or otherwise
conflict with the Intellectual Property of third parties, except as disclosed
in Section 3.11 of the Company Disclosure Schedule. Except as set forth in
Section 3.11 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no claims, actions or
proceedings are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened
against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries based upon or challenging or
seeking to deny or restrict the ownership, license or use of any material
Company Intellectual Property. The Company has no knowledge of any
infringement or improper use by any third party of any material Company
Intellectual Property. The software which constitutes the Company
Intellectual Property is in compliance in all material respects with the
Business Software Alliance guidelines.   Section 3.12 MATERIAL CONTRACTS.
(a) Section 3.12(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and
complete list of all the Material Contracts to which the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of their respective properties or
assets are bound. As used herein, "Material Contracts" means all of the
following:   (i) all Contracts that require the payment or incurrence
of Liabilities, or the rendering of services, by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, of more than $100,000 per annum (other than purchase orders
with customers and vendors entered into in the ordinary course of
business);   (ii) all Contracts relating to, or evidences of, or
guarantees of, or providing security for, indebtedness or the deferred
purchase price of property (whether incurred, assumed, guaranteed or secured
by any asset);    -20-     (iii) all acquisition, partnership, joint
venture, teaming arrangements or other similar Contracts, arrangements or
agreements currently in effect or entered into by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries (after the date of acquisition by the Company of any such
Subsidiary);   (iv) all Contracts entered into by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries since January 1, 2003 relating to the sale of any interest
in Real Property or the sale, lease, license, mortgage, encumbrance or other
disposition by the Company or its Subsidiaries of any assets with a book
value or purchase price in excess of $50,000.   (v) each Contract of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries restricting or otherwise affecting the
ability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to compete in its business
or otherwise in any jurisdiction;   (vi) all leases or agreements under
which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is lessor of or permits any
third party to hold or operate any personal property owned or controlled by
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, that cannot be terminated on 60
days\' notice or less without payment of any material (in the context of such
agreement) penalty or material (in the context of such agreement) premium by
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;   (vii) all Contracts to which the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party for the employment or retention
of any officer, individual employee or other Person on a full-time, part-
time, consulting or other basis if $50,000 or more could reasonably be
expected to be paid under such Contract in any fiscal year of the Company,
other than offer letters with respect to employment at will which do not
provide for any cost or penalty in connection with the termination of any
such Person;   (viii) all Contracts relating to loans to officers, directors
or Affiliates;   (ix) all material licenses included in the Company
Intellectual Property to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a
party, except for any of the foregoing related to the use of generally
available computer software;   (x) all Contracts that relate to the
purchase of newsprint, other than spot purchase orders with vendors entered
into in the ordinary course of business;   (xi) all other existing
agreements to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, not
otherwise covered by clauses (i) through (x), the loss of which would
reasonably be expected to result in a Company Material Adverse Effect.  
(b) Except as disclosed in Section 3.12(b) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule:   (i) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
party to any Material Contract, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any
other party thereto, is in material breach thereof or material default
thereunder, or has given written notice of material breach or material
default to any other party thereunder;    -21-     (ii) each Material
Contract is valid and binding on the Company and its relevant Subsidiaries
party thereto, as the case may be, and, to the knowledge of the Company, each
respective counterparty thereto, and each Material Contract is in full force
and effect; except as may be limited by any bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or other similar laws
affecting the enforcement of creditors\' rights generally or by general
principles of equity; and   (iii) except to the extent that any consents set
forth in Sections 3.4 and 3.5 of the Company Disclosure Schedule are not
obtained, the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
will not result in any Material Contract failing to continue in full force
and effect after the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement without material (in the context of such Material Contract) penalty
or other material (in the context of such Material Contract) adverse
consequence.   Section 3.13 BROKERS AND FINDERS. Except as disclosed in
Section 3.13 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby, no broker, finder or investment bank has
acted directly or indirectly for the Company, and the Company has not
incurred any obligation to pay any brokerage, finder\'s or other fee or
commission to any Person, other than Goldman, Sachs and Co., J.P. Morgan
Securities Inc. and Dirks, Van Essen and Murray LLP.   Section 3.14 ABSENCE
OF CERTAIN CHANGES. Except as disclosed in Section 3.14 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule or as otherwise specifically contemplated by this
Agreement, since January 1, 2004 the business of the Company and each of its
Subsidiaries has been conducted only in the ordinary course consistent with
past practice, and there have not been any events, changes or developments
which, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have
a Company Material Adverse Effect or would constitute a violation of Sections
5.1(e), (j)(i) and (j)(iv) if such Sections had then been in effect.  
Section 3.15 CIRCULATION MATTERS. (a) Section 3.15 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule sets forth a list of the net paid circulation of each of the paid
Company Publications and the distribution for each of the non-paid
Company Publications for each month during the period from January 2003
through May 2004, each of which such lists is complete and accurate in all
material respects.   (b) For each of the Company Publications subject to
the Audit Bureau of Circulations ("ABC") and/or United States Postal Service
("USPS") regulations, the Company has delivered to Purchaser complete and
accurate copies of (i) the ABC Annual Statements for the most recent
available twelve month period and (ii) the Statements of Ownership,
Management and Circulation required to be filed with the USPS for the most
recent calendar year, and the information provided to the ABC and the USPS,
respectively, is true and correct in all material respects.   (c) Except as
set forth in Section 3.15 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, since December
31, 2003, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has made any
material    -22-    change in its policies for the pricing,
discounting, distribution or solicitation of circulation or advertising of
any Company Publication.   (d) Except as set forth in Section 3.15 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company and its Subsidiaries own or have the
valid right to use the Customer Data other than immaterial potions thereof,
free and clear of any Liens other than Permitted Liens which do not
materially adversely effect the value or use of such data, and have the right
to transfer such ownership and/or right to Purchaser, and no third party has
the right to use any of the information in such Customer Data. No carrier,
distributor or similarly situated independent contractor providing services
to the Company has, to the Company\'s knowledge, claimed any ownership or
equity interest in any distribution list or the distribution route for any
Company Publication. "Customer Data" means all subscriber and non-subscriber
lists, customer files and information, including summary or compilation data,
and lists of single copy dealers and racks.   Section 3.16 ENVIRONMENTAL
MATTERS. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, this
Section 3.16 contains the exclusive representations of the Company concerning
Environmental Matters.   (b) Except as set forth in Section 3.16 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries are in
compliance, in all material respects, with all applicable Environmental
Laws.   (c) Except as set forth in Section 3.16 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries have, in all
material respects, obtained and timely applied to renew all material permits
(including, without limitation, any permit to install with respect to air
emissions from printing presses), licenses, authorizations, registrations and
other governmental consents required by applicable Environmental Laws
(collectively referred to as "Environmental Permits") and are in substantial
compliance with the terms and conditions of such Environmental Permits.  
(d) Except as set forth in Section 3.16 of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
no writ, injunction, decree, order, judgment, lawsuit, claim,
action, proceeding, or summons (collectively referred to as "Proceedings") is
pending or, to the Company\'s knowledge, threatened alleging material
Liability or potential for material Liability of the Company or any
Subsidiary under any Environmental Law.   (e) Except as set forth in
Section 3.16 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, to the knowledge of the
Company, there have been no Releases or threatened Releases of Hazardous
Substances at, on or under any property owned or leased by the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries for which any criminal or material monetary or other
Liability under applicable Environmental Laws has been or would reasonably be
expected to be asserted against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.  
(f) Except as set forth in Section 3.16 of the Company Disclosure Letter,
none of the Owned Real Property or the Leased Real Property, and, to
the knowledge of the Company, no real property formerly leased, owned or
operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, is   
-23-    listed or proposed for listing on the National Priorities List
established by the United States Environmental Protection Agency pursuant to
the federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability
Act, as amended, 42 U.S.C. ss. 9601 et seq. ("NPL"), or any state analog to
the NPL maintained or created under the Environmental Laws of any state.  
Section 3.17 RELATED TRANSACTIONS. Section 3.17(a) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule sets forth a correct and complete list of all
transactions, Contracts and relationships between any of the Company\'s
directors, officers, employees, Affiliates (other than Subsidiaries) or
Stockholders or any of their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, on the other hand, other than employment
and other contracts listed in Section 3.9(a) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule.   Section 3.18 REAL PROPERTY. (a) Section 3.18(a) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of all of the Real Property
owned or leased by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, including: (i)
with respect to each parcel of Owned Real Property, (a) the street address of
such parcel of Owned Real Property, (b) the current owner of such parcel of
Owned Real Property and (c) a brief and general statement on the current use
of such parcel of Owned Real Property; and (ii) with respect to each parcel
of the Leased Real Property, (a) the street address of such parcel of Leased
Real Property, (b) the identity of the lessor and lessee of such parcel of
Leased Real Property, (c) the term (referencing applicable renewal periods)
of the leases pertaining to such parcel of Leased Real Property and (d) a
brief and general statement on the current use of such parcel of Leased Real
Property.   (b) Except as otherwise set forth in Section 3.18(b) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, (i) the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has
good and marketable fee simple or leasehold title (as the case may be) to all
of the Real Property owned by it, free and clear of all Liens, except
Permitted Liens, (ii) there are no leases, subleases, licenses, concessions
or other agreements (written or oral) granting to any Person (other than the
Company and any of its Subsidiaries) the right to use or occupy the Real
Property, and (iii) there are no outstanding options, rights of first offer
or rights of first refusal to purchase the Owned Real Property or any portion
thereof or interest therein. The Permitted Liens do not materially impair or
materially adversely affect (A) the value of the applicable material Real
Property or (B) other Real Property in a manner which would be material to
the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole or materially impair or
materially adversely affect the current use, occupancy or operation
thereof.   (c) Except as otherwise set forth in Section 3.18(c) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule: (i) all material Leased Real Property is leased
by the Company and its Subsidiaries (as the case may be) under valid and
subsisting leases or subleases (as the same may have been amended or
modified) that are in full force and effect; (ii) neither the Company nor any
of its Subsidiaries has received written notice of any material breach or
default, or cancellation or termination thereunder; and (iii) to the
knowledge of the Company there are no conditions, events or circumstances
which with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a material
breach or default under such lease or sublease. True and complete copies of
all material leases and/or all material subleases have previously been
delivered to Purchaser, including all material amendments, modifications,
side letters and other agreements relating thereto. Except as set   
-24-    forth in Section 3.18(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the
Company and its Subsidiaries (as the case may be) is in possession of each
parcel of the Leased Real Property.   Section 3.19 ADVERTISING. Except as
set forth in Section 3.19 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, none of the
Company Publications\' 10 largest (by dollar amount) retail advertisers, 10
largest (by dollar amount) preprint advertisers, 10 largest (by dollar
amount) classified advertisers, or 10 largest (by dollar amount) commercial
printing accounts (in each case as of both the twelve month period ended
December 31, 2003 and the five month period ending May 31, 2004)
(collectively, the "Large Advertisers") has terminated or, to the knowledge
of the Company, intends to terminate or materially reduce its relationship
with the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries. Neither the Company nor any
of its Subsidiaries has changed its discounting or distribution policies with
respect to any of the Large Advertisers or categories of advertising since
December 31, 2003 in any material respect or to advertisers generally in any
material respect. No party to the Advertising Representation and Circulation
Services Agreement dated May 22, 2002 between Greater Detroit Newspaper
Network, Inc. and Hometown Communications Network, Inc. (the
"Hometown Contract") has terminated, given notice of termination or
threatened to terminate the Hometown Contract, and the Company is not and, to
the knowledge of the Company, no other party is planning to terminate the
Hometown Contract.   Section 3.20 SUFFICIENCY OF ASSETS. Section 3.20(a) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and accurate list of
(i) all of the newspaper and other publications owned and operated by the
Company and its Subsidiaries as of the date hereof (collectively, the
"Company Publications"), (ii) all of the Internet websites owned and operated
by the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the date hereof and (iii) all of
the other material services, businesses or operations conducted by the
Company and its Subsidiaries as of the date hereof (collectively, the
"Company Business"). The consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement will convey to Purchaser the entire Company Business as
heretofore conducted and all of the assets and properties used or held for
use (whether real or personal, tangible or intangible, owned, leased or held
under license) in connection with the operation of the Company Business as
heretofore conducted in all material respects. Such assets and properties are
all of the assets and properties necessary and sufficient (and the right,
title and interest of Purchaser and immediately after Closing the Company
will be sufficient) to conduct the Company Business in all material respects
as heretofore conducted by the Company and its Subsidiaries.   Section 3.21
INSURANCE. Complete and accurate copies of all material insurance policies
and bonds of the Company and its Subsidiaries (the "Insurance Policies") have
been provided to Purchaser, and all such policies and bonds are in full force
and effect. All premiums due thereon have been timely paid, the Company and
its Subsidiaries have otherwise complied in all material respects with the
terms and conditions of all such policies and bonds, no insurer
has threatened in writing a termination or material alteration of coverage
under any such policies or bonds, and neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries has received any notice of cancellation or non-renewal of any
such policy. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect, since January 1, 2003, there has been no material
claim by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pending under any such
policies or bonds as to    -25-    which coverage has been questioned,
denied or disputed by the underwriters of such policies or bonds, or in
respect of which such underwriters have reserved their rights.   ARTICLE
IV   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  OF PURCHASER   Purchaser hereby
represents and warrants to the Company as follows:   Section 4.1
ORGANIZATION AND QUALIFICATION. (a) Purchaser is duly incorporated or
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization and has the requisite power
and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on
its business as it is now being conducted.   (b) Merger Sub is duly
incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its incorporation and has the requisite corporate power and
authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its
business as it is now being conducted.   Section 4.2 AUTHORIZATION AND
VALIDITY OF AGREEMENT. (a) Purchaser has the requisite power and authority to
execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby in accordance with the terms hereof. Purchaser has duly
authorized the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by
Purchaser and no other proceedings on the part of Purchaser are necessary to
authorize this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. This
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Purchaser and constitutes
the legal, valid and binding obligation of Purchaser, enforceable against
Purchaser in accordance with its terms.   (b) Merger Sub has the requisite
corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby in accordance with the terms
hereof. Merger Sub has duly authorized the execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement by Merger Sub and no other corporate
proceedings on the part of Merger Sub are necessary to authorize this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been
duly executed and delivered by Merger Sub and constitutes the legal, valid
and binding obligation of Merger Sub, enforceable against Merger Sub in
accordance with its terms.   Section 4.3 CONSENTS AND APPROVALS. Neither the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by Purchaser and Merger Sub nor the
consummation by Purchaser and Merger Sub of the transactions contemplated
hereby will require on the part of Purchaser or Merger Sub or any of their
respective Subsidiaries any consent, approval, authorization or Permit of, or
filing with or notification to, any Governmental Entity, except (a) for any
applicable filings required under the HSR Act, (b) as set forth in Section
4.3 of the Purchaser Disclosure Schedule, (c) as provided for in Section 2.3
or (d) where the failure to obtain such consent, approval,   
-26-    authorization or Permit, or to make such filing or notification,
would not prevent the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby.   Section 4.4 NO VIOLATION. Except as set forth in Section 4.4 of
the Purchaser Disclosure Schedule, neither the execution and delivery of
this Agreement by Purchaser or Merger Sub nor the consummation by Purchaser
or Merger Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby will (a) conflict with
or violate its organizational documents or (b) assuming the consents,
approvals, authorizations or permits and filings or notifications referred to
in Section 4.3 and this Section 4.4 are duly and timely obtained or made,
violate any order, writ, injunction, decree, statute, rule or regulation
applicable to Purchaser or Merger Sub or any of their respective Subsidiaries
or their respective assets or properties, except for such conflicts or
violations which would not in the aggregate prevent the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby.   Section 4.5 FUNDING. Purchaser has
received and furnished to the Company a copy of the commitment letters set
forth in Section 4.5 of the Purchaser Disclosure Schedule (the "Commitment
Letters"). The aggregate proceeds of the financing to be provided pursuant to
the Commitment Letters together with cash available or existing borrowing
facilities is sufficient to enable Purchaser to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and pay all related fees and expenses for
which Purchaser will be responsible.   Section 4.6 BROKERS AND FINDERS. In
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, no broker, finder or
investment bank has acted directly or indirectly for Purchaser or Merger Sub,
and neither Purchaser nor Merger Sub has incurred any obligation to pay any
brokerage or finder\'s fee or commission to any Person other than Bear,
Stearns and Co. Inc.   ARTICLE V   COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY   Section 5.1
CONDUCT OF THE COMPANY. Except as disclosed in Section 5.1 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, from the date of this Agreement until the Closing Date,
the Company agrees that, except as otherwise specifically contemplated by
this Agreement or the Company Disclosure Schedule, or as Purchaser shall
otherwise give its prior consent in writing (such consent not to be
unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), it being agreed
and understood that nothing in this Section 5.1 shall prevent the Company
from declaring, setting aside or paying any dividend or making any
distribution in cash (but not with respect to any cash held in escrow or
otherwise similarly set aside for payment of any Liability) with respect to
its capital stock on or prior to the Closing Date or from making any cash
payments to reduce Indebtedness:   (a) ORDINARY COURSE. The Company shall
and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to conduct their respective
businesses in the ordinary course consistent with past practice and the
Company will and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to use their respective
reasonable efforts (i) to keep available the services of its current officers
and employees, (ii) preserve its relationships    -27-    with
customers, advertisers, suppliers and others having business dealings
with the Company or its Subsidiaries and (iii) to preserve intact its
current business organizations.   (b) GOVERNING DOCUMENTS. The Company will
not and will cause each of its Subsidiaries not to amend any of their
respective organizational documents.   (c) ISSUANCE OF SECURITIES. The
Company will not and will cause each of its Subsidiaries not to issue,
encumber, transfer, sell or dispose of, or authorize or agree to the
issuance, transfer, sale or disposition of (whether through the issuance or
granting of options, rights, warrants, or otherwise), any shares of its
capital stock or any voting securities or any options, rights, warrants or
other securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for any such
shares of capital stock or voting securities or amend any of the terms of any
securities or agreements relating to such capital stock or voting securities
outstanding on the date hereof, other than through exercise of Options
outstanding as of the date hereof.   (d) NO ACQUISITIONS. Except as
permitted under Section 5.1(h), the Company will not and will cause each of
its Subsidiaries not to acquire or agree to acquire, by merging or
consolidating with, or by purchasing (i) an equity interest in or material
portion of the assets of, any business or any corporation, partnership,
association or other business organization or division thereof, (ii) any real
property or (iii) any other assets having a purchase price in an amount
exceeding $50,000, in any case, or $150,000, in the aggregate, other than
acquisitions of inventory in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice.   (e) NO DISPOSITIONS. The Company will not and will cause
each of its Subsidiaries not to sell, lease, license, mortgage, encumber or
otherwise dispose of or agree to sell, lease, license, mortgage, encumber or
otherwise dispose of, any right, title, or interest in any of its Real
Property or of any of its other assets other than, in the case of any assets
other than Real Property, the fair market value of which or the consideration
for which does not exceed $25,000, individually, or $75,000, in the
aggregate, and other than dispositions of inventory in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice.   (f) MAINTENANCE OF PROPERTIES.
The Company and its Subsidiaries will use their respective reasonable efforts
to maintain and repair all property material to the operation of its business
in a manner consistent in all material respects with past practice.   (g)
MATERIAL CONTRACTS. The Company will not and will cause each of its
Subsidiaries not to enter into any Contract which would constitute a Material
Contract (other than a Material Contract relating to the rendering
of services by the Company as set forth in Section 3.12(a)(i) unless such
Contract may not be terminated without payment of penalty or premium on 60
days notice or less) or modify in any material respect or breach any Material
Contract or waive, release or assign any material rights or claims
thereunder; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 5.1(g) shall
prohibit the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from taking any action that
is the subject of but not otherwise prohibited by any other subsection of
this Section 5.1.    -28-     (h) CAPITAL EXPENDITURES. The Company
will not and will cause each of its Subsidiaries not to authorize or make
commitments for capital expenditures in an amount exceeding $50,000,
individually, or $250,000, in the aggregate, in each case in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice and other than capital
expenditures in accordance with the 2004 capital budget previously provided
to Purchaser (in accordance with which the Company and its Subsidiaries shall
act).   (i) INDEBTEDNESS. The Company will not and will cause each of
its Subsidiaries not to incur, assume, guaranty or otherwise become liable
in respect of any indebtedness for money borrowed or subject any of its
assets, tangible or intangible, to any Liens (other than Permitted Liens),
except for payment when due of accounts payable incurred in the ordinary
course of business, consistent with past practice.   (j) COMPENSATION AND
BENEFITS. The Company will not and will cause each of its Subsidiaries not to
(i) except in the ordinary course consistent with past practice, increase the
compensation or employee benefits of any employee whose annual compensation
exceeds $75,000 or any officer, consultant, or director, (ii) adopt, amend,
modify or terminate any Company Benefit Plan or any other bonus, profit-
sharing, compensation, severance, termination, pension, retirement, deferred
compensation, employment or other employee benefit plan, agreement, trust,
fund or other arrangement for the benefit or welfare of any individual (iii)
enter into any collective bargaining agreement or cause or suffer any
termination, amendment or modification to any existing collective bargaining
agreement, or (iv) except in the ordinary course consistent with
past practice, pay or provide any benefit or grant any award to any employee
whose annual compensation exceeds $75,000 or any director, consultant or
officer, other than as required by an existing Company Benefit Plan.   (k)
ACCOUNTING. The Company will not and will cause each of its Subsidiaries not
to make any changes in its accounting methods or practices other than as
required by law.   (l) TAX. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
will make, change or revoke any material Tax election, change any annual Tax
accounting period, adopt or change any material method of Tax accounting,
file any material amended Tax Return or material claim for Tax refund, enter
into any closing agreement, settle or compromise any material Tax claim,
audit or assessment, surrender any material right to claim a Tax refund,
offset or other reduction in Tax, or consent to any extension or waiver of
the limitations period applicable to any material Tax claim or
assessment.   (m) RECEIVABLES AND PAYABLES. The Company will not and will
cause each of its Subsidiaries not to accelerate the receipt of amounts due
with respect to trade accounts receivable or any other accounts receivable,
or lengthen the period for payment of accounts payable, other than in the
ordinary course to maintain customary levels of working capital for the
operation of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries.   (n)
AFFILIATE TRANSACTIONS. The Company will not and will cause each of its
Subsidiaries not to enter into any (or modify any existing)
transaction, Contract, understanding or    -29-   relationship with any
of its officers, directors, employees, Affiliates (other than Subsidiaries)
or any Stockholder, in each case including any of their respective
Affiliates.   (o) MERGER, LIQUIDATION, ETC. The Company will not and will
cause each of its Subsidiaries not to adopt a plan of liquidation,
dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or
reorganization.   (p) INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. The Company will not and will
cause each of its Subsidiaries not to sell, assign, transfer, license or
permit to lapse any material rights with respect to any material Company
Intellectual Property.   (q) CIRCULATION. The Company will not and will
cause each of its Subsidiaries not to (i) make any material change in
circulation practices, or promotional, marketing or premium practices of any
of the Company Publications, in each case other than in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practice, or (ii) make any change in
policies for the pricing of circulation or advertising of any of the Company
Publications except for changes in the ordinary course of business which
changes are not material.   (r) COMMITMENTS. The Company will not and will
cause each of its Subsidiaries not to take or commit to take any of the
actions described in clauses (b) through (q) of this Section 5.1.   Section
5.2 TERMINATION OF DISCUSSIONS; NO SOLICITATIONS. Immediately after the
execution of this Agreement, the Company shall terminate and cease, and shall
cause its Affiliates, and their respective employees, officers, directors,
representatives, agents, accountants and advisors
(collectively, "Representatives") to terminate and cease, all discussions and
negotiations that may then be ongoing by any of them with respect to an
Alternative Transaction. From the date hereof through the earlier of (a) the
Closing or (b) the termination of this Agreement in accordance with its
terms, the Company shall not and shall cause its Affiliates, and their
respective Representatives not to, directly or indirectly, solicit,
participate in, encourage or initiate discussions or negotiations with, or
provide or cause to be provided any information to, any Person or group of
Persons (other than Purchaser, Merger Sub or any of their respective
Affiliates) concerning any Alternative Transaction. If at any time prior to
the Closing, the Company, its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
Affiliates or Representatives is approached by any third party which
expresses an interest in entering into an Alternative Transaction,
the Company will promptly disclose to Purchaser the nature of such contact
and the identity of the parties involved.   Section 5.3 REPURCHASE OF
NOTES. The Company will comply with the provisions of Article IX, including
the notice provisions thereof, of the Purchase Agreement relating to the
Notes such that the Notes may be redeemed by the Company at the Closing.  
Section 5.4 TERMINATION OF AFFILIATE AGREEMENTS. Except as set forth in
Section 5.4 of the Company Disclosure Letter, on or prior to the Closing,
the Company will terminate all Contracts between any of the Company\'s
directors, employees, officers, Affiliates (other than Subsidiaries) or
Stockholders or any of their respective Affiliates, on the one hand,   
-30-    and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, on the other hand,
other than the employment and other contracts listed in Section 3.9(a) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule.   ARTICLE VI   COVENANTS OF PURCHASER  
Section 6.1 COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS. (a) For not less than 12
months following the Closing Date, Purchaser shall provide, or shall cause
the Company or any Affiliate of Purchaser to provide, compensation and
employee benefits to current and former employees of the Company and its
Subsidiaries that are no less favorable in the aggregate than those provided
to such employees by the Company Benefit Plans set forth in Section 3.9(a)(1)
of the Company Disclosure Schedule as such plans are in effect immediately
prior to the date hereof (other than with respect to stock or other equity
plans or Transaction Bonuses). In the event that any employee of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries is at any time after the Closing Date transferred
to Purchaser or any Affiliate of Purchaser or becomes a participant in an
employee benefit plan, program or arrangement maintained by or contributed by
Purchaser or its Affiliates, Purchaser shall cause such plan, program or
arrangement to treat the prior service of such employee with the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries, to the extent such prior service is recognized under
the comparable plan, program or arrangement of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, as service rendered to Purchaser or its Affiliates, as the case
may be; provided, however, that in administering such plans, programs or
arrangements of Purchaser or its Affiliates, Purchaser shall not be required
to provide such service credit for purposes of benefit accrual under any
defined benefit pension plans or retiree medical plans and may cause
a reduction of benefits under any other plans, programs or arrangements to
the extent necessary to avoid duplication of benefits with respect to the
same covered matter or years of service. This paragraph shall not apply to
any collective bargaining agreements or wages, hours or other terms and
conditions of employment, including employee benefit plans, programs and
arrangements, which are mandatory subjects of collective bargaining. Wages,
hours, and other terms and conditions of employment for members of any
collective bargaining unit shall be provided after the Closing in accordance
with the applicable collective bargaining agreements for the term of such
agreements.   (b) Purchaser will cause its medical, dental and other welfare
plans in which current or former employees or their dependants of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries commence to participate after the Effective Time
to (i) waive any preexisting condition limitations to the extent waived under
the corresponding Company Benefit Plan and (ii) honor any deductible
and out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such employees and dependants under
similar plans of the Company for the plan year in which such participation
begins. To the extent that any such employee participates in a life insurance
program of Purchaser and its Affiliates, Purchaser will cause to be waived
any medical certification for such employees up to the amount of life
insurance coverage such employees had under any Company Benefit Plan.   (c)
Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted or construed to confer upon
employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries any right with respect to
continuance of    -31-    employment by the Company and its
Subsidiaries or with Purchaser, nor shall this Agreement interfere in any way
with the right of Purchaser or its Affiliates or the Company and its
Subsidiaries to terminate any employee\'s employment at any time. Nothing in
this Agreement shall interfere in any way with the right of Purchaser or any
Affiliate to amend, terminate or otherwise discontinue any Company Benefit
Plan.   Section 6.2 INSURANCE; INDEMNITY. (a) For a period of six
years following the Effective Time, Purchaser shall indemnify, defend and
hold harmless to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law each
Person who is now or has been an officer or director of the Company
(individually, an "Indemnified Person" and collectively, the "Indemnified
Persons"), against all Losses, actually incurred by the Indemnified Person in
connection with any Proceeding arising out of or pertaining to acts or
omissions (other than intentional misconduct, illegal acts or acts of fraud),
or alleged acts or omissions (other than intentional misconduct, illegal acts
or acts of fraud), by them in their capacities as such, whether commenced,
asserted or claimed before or after the Effective Time; provided, however,
that no indemnification shall be made to any Indemnified Person to the extent
it is finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (after all
rights to appeal shall have expired) that such Indemnified Person did not,
with the respect to the matter subject to indemnification hereunder, act in
good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not
opposed to the best interests of the Company (or any Subsidiary thereof). In
the event of any such Proceeding, (i) Purchaser shall pay the reasonable fees
and expenses of counsel selected by the Indemnified Person, which counsel
shall be reasonably acceptable to Purchaser, in advance of the final
disposition of any such Proceeding to the full extent and under
all circumstances permitted by the DGCL as in effect on the date hereof,
upon receipt of any undertaking required by applicable law, and (ii)
Purchaser will direct the defense of any such matter; provided further,
however, that Purchaser shall not be obligated pursuant to this Section 6.2
to pay the fees and disbursements of more than one counsel for all
Indemnified Persons in any single Proceeding, except to the extent that, in
the opinion of counsel for the Indemnified Persons, two or more of such
Indemnified Persons have conflicting interests in the outcome of such
action.   (b) From and after the Effective Time, Purchaser shall purchase
and maintain or cause the Surviving Corporation to purchase and maintain, for
a period of six years following the Effective Time, policies of directors\'
and officers\' liability insurance covering each Person who was a director or
officer of the Company at any time prior to the Effective Time with respect
to claims arising from facts or events that occurred on or prior to the
Effective Time and providing at least the same coverage and amounts and
containing terms that are no less advantageous to the insured parties as
those in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time; provided, however,
if the aggregate annual premiums for such insurance exceed 300% of the per
annum rate of premiums currently paid by the Company for such insurance, then
the Surviving Corporation shall provide the maximum coverage that shall then
be available at an annual premium equal to 300% of such rate.   (c) Each of
Purchaser and Merger Sub covenants for itself and its successors and assigns,
that it and they shall not (other than in the case of intentional misconduct,
illegal acts or acts of fraud) institute any action or proceeding in any
court or before any administrative agency or before any other tribunal
against any of the current directors or officers of the Company, in   
-32-    their capacity as such, with respect to any liabilities, actions
or causes of action, judgments, claims or demands of any nature or
description (consequential, compensatory, punitive or otherwise), including
in each such case any of the foregoing relating to, arising out of or
resulting from this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. Neither Purchaser nor the Surviving Corporation shall, nor shall
either permit any of the Subsidiaries of the Surviving Corporation to, take
any action directly or indirectly to disaffirm or adversely affect the
provisions of the articles of organization and bylaws and any other written
agreements of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that provide
indemnification of and expense reimbursement to any Indemnified Person.  
(d) The provisions of this Section 6.2 shall not be terminated or modified in
such a manner as to adversely affect any Indemnified Person to whom this
Section 6.2 applies without the consent of such Indemnified Person (it being
expressly agreed that the Indemnified Persons to whom this Section
6.2 applies shall be third party beneficiaries of this Section 6.2 and shall
be entitled to enforce the covenants contained herein) and each party
entitled to insurance coverage under this Section 6.2, respectively, and his
or her heirs and legal representatives, and shall be in addition to any other
rights an Indemnified Person may have under the certificate or articles of
incorporation or bylaws of the Surviving Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
under the DGCL or otherwise.     ARTICLE VII   COVENANTS OF PURCHASER
AND THE COMPANY   The parties hereto agree that:   Section 7.1 ACCESS TO
INFORMATION. From the date hereof until the Closing Date, the Company (a)
will give Purchaser, its counsel, financial advisors, auditors and other
authorized Representatives reasonable access during normal business hours and
on reasonable notice to the officers, managers/department heads, properties,
books and records of and relating to the Company, (b) will furnish to
Purchaser, and its authorized Representatives such financial and operating
data and other information with respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries,
as such Persons may reasonably request, including fiscal monthly financial
statements and related analysis of the Company and its Subsidiaries by no
later than the 15th day after the end of each calendar month, and (c) will
instruct its Representatives to cooperate with Purchaser in its investigation
of the Company. Up to the Closing, any information provided, or caused to be
provided, by the Company pursuant to this Section 7.1 shall be subject to the
terms of the Confidentiality Agreement dated as of April 13, 2004 between the
Company and Purchaser.   Section 7.2 REASONABLE EFFORTS. (a) Subject to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement and applicable law, each of the
parties hereto shall act in good faith and use reasonable best efforts to
take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, all
things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective the
transactions    -33-    contemplated hereby as soon as practicable,
including such actions or things as the other party may reasonably request in
order to cause any of the conditions (including, without limitation, the
condition set forth in Section 8.3(i)) to such other party\'s obligation to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement to be fully
satisfied as soon as practicable. Without limiting the foregoing, the parties
shall consult and fully cooperate with and provide assistance to each other
in obtaining all consents, approvals, waivers, licenses, permits,
authorizations, registrations, qualifications or other permission or action
by, and giving all necessary notices to and making all necessary filings with
and applications and submissions to, any Governmental Entity or other Person
as soon as reasonably practicable after filing. Prior to making any
application to or filing with any Governmental Entity or other Person in
connection with this Agreement, each party shall provide the other party
with drafts thereof and afford the other party a reasonable opportunity to
comment on such drafts in advance of such application or filing.   Section
7.3 CERTAIN FILINGS. (a) As soon as practicable, and in any event no later
than ten business days after the date hereof, each of the parties hereto
shall file any Notification and Report Forms and related material required to
be filed by it with the Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division
of the United States Department of Justice under the HSR Act with respect to
transactions contemplated hereby and shall promptly make any further filings
pursuant thereto that may be necessary, proper or advisable. Each
of Purchaser and the Company shall furnish to the other such information
and assistance as the other shall reasonably request in connection with
the preparation of any submissions to, or agency proceedings by, any
Governmental Entity under the HSR Act or any comparable laws of foreign
jurisdictions, and each of Purchaser and the Company shall keep the other
promptly apprised of any communications with, and inquiries or requests for
information from, such Governmental Entities.   (b) Each of the Company and
Purchaser shall prepare and file any Other Filings required to be filed by
them. The Company and Purchaser shall cooperate with each other and provide
to each other all information necessary in order to prepare the Other
Filings. The information provided by the Company and Purchaser for use in the
Other Filings shall at all times prior to the Closing Date be true and
correct in all material respects and shall not omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
such information not false or misleading. Each such filing shall, when filed,
comply in all material respects with applicable law.   Section 7.4 PUBLIC
ANNOUNCEMENTS. Purchaser and the Company will consult with each other before
issuing any press release or making any public statement with respect to the
transactions contemplated hereby and, except as may be required by applicable
law or any listing agreement with any securities exchange, will not issue any
such press release or make any such public statement unless the text of such
statement shall first have been agreed to by the parties.   Section 7.5
SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The representations and
warranties and any covenant which by its terms is contemplated to be
performed prior to the Closing in this Agreement shall not survive the
Closing.    -34-     Section 7.6 NOTICES OF CERTAIN EVENTS. (a) Each of
Purchaser and the Company shall promptly notify the other following the
receipt of any notice or other communication from any Governmental Entity in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or of any action, suit,
claim or proceeding commenced or, to its knowledge, threatened against it
which relates to or seeks to delay or prohibit the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby.   (b) Each party shall promptly notify the
other party of the occurrence or non-occurrence of any fact, development or
event which would be reasonably likely to cause any condition set forth in
Article VIII not to be satisfied; provided, however, that no such
notification, nor the obligation to make such notification, shall affect the
representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of such notifying party
hereunder or the conditions to the obligations of any party to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   Section 7.7 IMPLIED
WARRANTIES. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, the Company has
not made and is not making any representation or warranty whatsoever to
Purchaser as to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or their respective
businesses and shall not be liable in respect of the accuracy or completeness
of any information provided to Purchaser in connection with this Agreement.
Without limiting the foregoing, Purchaser acknowledges that Purchaser,
together with its advisors, has made its own investigation of the Company and
its businesses and is not relying on any implied warranties (whether of
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or otherwise), or
upon any representation or warranty whatsoever as to the prospects (financial
or otherwise), or the viability or likelihood of success, of the businesses
of the Company as conducted after the Closing Date, or upon the information
contained in the Confidential Memorandum furnished by Goldman, Sachs and Co.,
J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. or Dirks Van Essen and Murray LLP on behalf of the
Company, or in any subsequent or supplemental materials provided by the
Company, except as expressly provided in this Agreement.   ARTICLE VIII  
CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER   Section 8.1 CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF EACH
PARTY. The respective obligations of each party hereto to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby shall be subject to the satisfaction at or
prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions, any or all of which
may be waived in writing by the Company and Purchaser in whole or in part, to
the extent permitted by applicable law:   (a) NO INJUNCTION. No
Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction shall have enacted, issued,
promulgated or enforced any statute, rule, regulation, executive order,
decree, judgment, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order which is
in effect and which prohibits, enjoins or otherwise restrains the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby; provided, that the
parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause any such decree,
judgment, injunction or order to be vacated or lifted; and    -35-    
(b) HSR ACT WAITING PERIOD. Any applicable waiting period under the HSR Act
relating to the transaction contemplated hereby shall have expired
or terminated and no action shall have been instituted by the Department of
Justice or the Federal Trade Commission challenging or seeking to enjoin
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, other than any such
action that shall have been withdrawn or terminated.   Section 8.2
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF THE COMPANY. The obligation of the
Company to effect the transactions contemplated hereby is also subject to the
satisfaction at or prior to the Closing Date of each of the following
additional conditions, unless waived in writing by the Company:   (a)
ACCURACY OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. All representations and
warranties made by Purchaser herein shall be true and correct in all respects
with the same force and effect as though such representations and warranties
had been made on and as of the Closing Date, except for changes permitted or
contemplated by this Agreement and except for representations and warranties
that are made as of a specific date or time, which shall be true and correct
in all respects only as of such specific date or time; except for
such failures of such representations and warranties to be true and correct
as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse
effect on the ability of Purchaser to perform its obligations hereunder and
consummate the Merger on the Closing Date;   (b) COMPLIANCE WITH COVENANTS.
Purchaser shall have performed in all material respects all obligations and
agreements, and complied in all material respects with all covenants,
contained in this Agreement to be performed or complied with by it prior to
or at the Closing Date;   (c) CERTIFIED RESOLUTIONS. The Company shall have
received a true and complete copy, certified by the Secretary or an Assistant
Secretary of Merger Sub, of the resolutions duly and validly adopted by the
board of directors of Merger Sub and by Purchaser as the sole stockholder of
Merger Sub, evidencing their authorization of the execution and delivery of
this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby;   (d) OFFICER\'S CERTIFICATES. The Company shall have received
such certificates of Purchaser, dated the Closing Date and signed by an
executive officer of Purchaser, to evidence satisfaction of the conditions
set forth in Sections 8.2(a) and (b) (insofar as each relates to Purchaser)
as may be reasonably requested by the Company; and   (e) CONSENTS. The
Company shall have received evidence that Purchaser has obtained or made all
consents, approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations, and
filings referred to in Section 4.3 required to be obtained or made prior to
the Closing Date.   Section 8.3 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF
PURCHASER AND MERGER SUB. The obligation of Purchaser and Merger Sub to
effect the transactions contemplated hereby is also subject to the
satisfaction at or prior to the Closing Date of each of the following
additional conditions, unless waived in writing by Purchaser:   
-36-     (a) ACCURACY OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. All
representations and warranties made by the Company herein (other than the
representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Section 3.2(a))
shall be true and correct in all respects on and as of the date of this
Agreement and on and as of the Closing Date, with the same force and effect
as though such representations and warranties had been made on and as of the
Closing Date, except for changes permitted or contemplated by this Agreement
and except for representations and warranties that are made as of a specific
date or time, which shall be true and correct in all respects only as of such
specific date or time; except for such failures of such representations and
warranties to be true and correct in all respects (without giving effect to
any limitation or qualification as to "materiality" (including the word
"material") or "Company Material Adverse Effect" set forth herein) as would
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect. The representations and warranties of the
Company set forth in Section 3.2(a) shall be true and correct in all respects
on the date of this Agreement and on and as of the Closing Date, with the
same force and effect as though such representations and warranties had been
made on and as of the Closing Date.   (b) COMPLIANCE WITH COVENANTS. The
Company shall have performed in all material respects all obligations and
agreements, and complied in all material respects with all covenants,
contained in this Agreement to be performed or complied with by it prior to
or on the Closing Date;   (c) CERTIFIED RESOLUTIONS. Purchaser and Merger
Sub shall have received a true and complete copy, certified by the Secretary
or an Assistant Secretary of the Company, of the resolutions duly and validly
adopted by the board of directors and the Stockholders, evidencing its
authorization of the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and evidencing the
matters to be submitted to vote of stockholders under Section 8.3(j);   (d)
OFFICER\'S CERTIFICATES. Purchaser shall have received such certificate of
the Company, dated the Closing Date, signed by an executive officer of the
Company to evidence satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Sections
8.3(a), (b), (g) and (h) as may be reasonably requested by
Purchaser, together, in the case of (g), with reasonable supporting
detail;   (e) CONSENTS. Purchaser shall have received evidence that the
Company has obtained all consents, approvals, orders, authorizations,
registrations, declarations and filings referred to in Sections 3.4 and 3.5
required to be made or obtained prior to the Closing Date shall have been
made or obtained;   (f) TERMINATION OF CERTAIN AGREEMENTS. The Advisory
Services Letter Agreement, dated as of August 21, 1997 by and between the
Company and Kelso and Company LLC shall have been terminated;   (g) MINIMUM
WORKING CAPITAL. The Company shall have Working Capital and cash and cash
equivalents as of the close of business on the day immediately prior to the
Closing Date of at least $9,000,000;    -37-     (h) MATERIAL ADVERSE
EFFECT. There shall not have occurred any event, circumstance, development or
condition which has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect;   (i) FINANCING. Purchaser shall have obtained the
financing necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and otherwise satisfy its obligations hereunder consistent with the
terms of the Commitment Letters;   (j) SECTION 280G. The Company shall
have, between the date hereof and the Closing Date, submitted to stockholders
of the Company for a vote those arrangements set forth in Section 8.3(j) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule, the terms of which vote shall have met the
requirements of Section 280G(b)(5)(B) of the Code and the regulations
thereunder; and   (k) REPAYMENT OF INDEBTEDNESS. Purchaser shall have
received customary pay-off letters with respect to the Senior Indebtedness
and the Notes and evidence of the repurchase of all shares issued in
connection with the Notes which shares remain held in escrow as of the date
hereof.   ARTICLE IX   TERMINATION   Section 9.1 TERMINATION. This
Agreement may be terminated and the transactions contemplated hereby may be
abandoned at any time prior to the Closing Date:   (a) by mutual written
consent of the Company and Purchaser;   (b) by either the Company or
Purchaser, if (i) any federal or state court of competent jurisdiction or
other federal or state governmental or regulatory body shall have issued any
judgment, injunction, order or decree prohibiting, enjoining or otherwise
restraining the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and such
judgment, injunction, order or decree shall have become final and
nonappealable or (ii) any statute, rule, regulation or executive
order promulgated or enacted by any federal or state governmental authority
which prohibits the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
shall be in effect;   (c) by Purchaser or the Company if the Closing Date
shall not have occurred on or before the Termination Date; provided, however,
that the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 9.1(c) shall
not be available to any party whose failure to fulfill any obligation under
this Agreement has been the cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the
Closing Date to occur on or before the Termination Date;   (d) by the
Company, if Purchaser breaches any of Purchaser\'s representations and
warranties or fails to comply with any of the Purchaser\'s covenants or
agreements contained in this Agreement which breach or failure to comply
would be reasonably likely to result in the failure of a condition set forth
in Section 8.2(a) or, as the case may be, 8.2(b), and which breach or failure
to comply is not curable or, if curable, is not cured within 30 days
of notice thereof; or    -38-     (e) by Purchaser, if the Company
breaches any of its representations and warranties or fails to comply with
any of its covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement which breach
or failure to comply would be reasonably likely to result in the failure of a
condition set forth in Section 8.3(a) or, as the case may be, 8.3(b), and
which breach or failure to comply is not curable or, if curable, is not cured
within 30 days of notice thereof.   Section 9.2 EFFECT OF TERMINATION. In
the event of any termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.1
hereof, this Agreement forthwith shall become void and of no further force or
effect, and no party hereto (or any of its Affiliates or Representatives)
shall have any liability or obligation hereunder, except in accordance with
the expense provisions of Section 10.4 and the confidentiality provisions of
Section 7.1 and Article X shall survive any such termination and except that
nothing in this Agreement will relieve any party from liability for any
breach of this Agreement.   ARTICLE X   MISCELLANEOUS   Section 10.1
NOTICES. All notices and other communications given or made pursuant hereto
shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given or made as of
the date delivered, mailed or transmitted, and shall be effective upon
receipt, if delivered personally, mailed by registered or certified mail
(postage prepaid, return receipt requested) or sent by fax (with immediate
confirmation) or nationally recognized overnight courier service,
as follows:   (a) if to Purchaser, to:   Journal Register Company  State
Street Square  50 West State Street  Trenton, New Jersey 08608-1298  Attn:
Marc S. Goldfarb  Vice President and General Counsel  Fax: (609)
396-8731   with a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to:   Journal
Register Company  State Street Square  50 West State Street  Trenton, New
Jersey 08608-1298  Attn: Robert M. Jelenic  Chairman of the Board and Chief
Executive Officer  Jean B. Clifton  Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer    -39-     Fax: (609) 396-8731   Wachtell, Lipton,
Rosen and Katz  51 West 52nd Street  New York, New York 10019-6150  Attn:
Andrew R. Brownstein  Joshua R. Cammaker  Fax: (212) 403-2000   (b) if to
the Company, to:   21st Century Newspapers, Inc.  28 West Huron Street 
Pontiac, Michigan 48342  Attn: Frank H. Shepherd  Fax: (248) 253-9952  
with a copy to:   Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver and Jacobson LLP  One New
York Plaza  New York, New York 10004  Attn: Steven J. Steinman  Fax: (212)
859-4000   or to such other Person or address or facsimile number as any
party shall specify by like written notice to the other parties hereto (any
such notice of a change of address to be effective only upon actual receipt
thereof).   Section 10.2 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement (including
the schedules, exhibits and other documents referred to herein), together
with the Confidentiality Agreement referred to in Section 7.1, constitutes
the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject
matter hereof and supersedes all prior written or oral and all
contemporaneous oral agreements and understandings between any of the parties
hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.   Section 10.3
ASSIGNMENT; BINDING EFFECT. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights,
benefits or obligations hereunder may be assigned, in whole or in part, by
either party (whether by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior
written consent of the other party hereto; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that each of
Purchaser and Merger Sub may assign its respective right, interest and/or
obligations hereunder to a subsidiary of Purchaser, so long as no
such assignment shall release Purchaser of its obligations hereunder. Subject
to the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the
benefit of and be enforceable by the parties and their respective successors
and assigns. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, is intended to
confer on any Person, other than the parties hereto or their respective   
-40-    successors and assigns and, with respect to Section 6.2 only, the
Indemnified Persons, any rights or remedies.   Section 10.4 FEES AND
EXPENSES. All costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby (including, without limitation, fees
and disbursements of counsel, financial advisors and accountants) shall be
borne by the party which incurs such cost or expense.   Section 10.5
AMENDMENTS. This Agreement may be amended by the parties at any time prior to
the Closing Date; provided, that this Agreement may not be amended or
modified except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the
parties hereto.   Section 10.6 WAIVERS. At any time prior to the Closing
Date, the Company, on the one hand, or Purchaser, on the other hand, may, to
the extent legally allowed, (a) extend the time specified herein for the
performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other, (b) waive
any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of the other contained
herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto or (c) waive compliance
by the other with any of the agreements or covenants of such other party or
parties (as the case may be) contained herein. Any such extension or waiver
shall be valid only if set forth in a written instrument signed on behalf of
the party or parties to be bound thereby. No such extension or waiver shall
constitute a waiver of, or estoppel with respect to, any subsequent or other
breach or failure to strictly comply with the provisions of this Agreement.
The failure of any party to insist on strict compliance with this Agreement
or to assert any of its rights or remedies hereunder or with respect hereto
shall not constitute a waiver of such rights or remedies.   Section 10.7
SEVERABILITY. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid,
illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law or public policy,
all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless
remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of
the transactions contemplated thereby is not affected in any
manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any term
or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the
parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as
to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an
acceptable manner to the end that the transactions contemplated hereby are
fulfilled to the fullest extent possible.   Section 10.8 CAPTIONS. The
table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference
purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation
of this Agreement.   Section 10.9 COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be
executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original,
and all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same
instrument.   Section 10.10 GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without
giving effect to the    -41-    principles of conflicts of laws which
could result in the application of the laws of another jurisdiction.  
Section 10.11 JURISDICTION; VENUE; SERVICES OF PROCESS. Each of the parties
hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consents to submit to
the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and of the
United States of America, in each case located in the County of New York, for
any Proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby (and agrees not to commence any Proceeding
relating thereto except in such courts), and further agrees that service of
any process, summons, notice or document by U.S. registered mail to its
respective address set forth in this Agreement shall be effective service of
process for any Proceeding brought against it in any such court. Each of the
parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to
the laying of venue of any Proceeding arising out of this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby in the courts of the State of New York or
the United States of America, in each case located in the County of New York,
and hereby further irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not to
plead or claim in any such court that any such Proceeding brought in any such
court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Each of the parties agrees
that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive
and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any
other manner provided by law.    -42-     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above
written.     21ST CENTURY NEWSPAPERS, INC.   By: /s/ Frank H. Shepard 
---------------------------  Name: Frank H. Shepard  Title: Chairman and
CEO     JOURNAL REGISTER COMPANY   By: /s/ Robert M. Jelenic 
---------------------------  Name: Robert M. Jelenic  Title: Chairman,
President and CEO    WOLVERINE ACQUISITION CORP.   By: /s/ Robert M.
Jelenic  ---------------------------  Name: Robert M. Jelenic  Title:
Chairman, President and CEO    '

