<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>purchase.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.1 (PURCHASE AGREEMENT)
<TEXT>
                                                        EXHIBIT 2.1

                             PURCHASE AGREEMENT

     This   Agreement   is  entered  into  as  of  October  13,  2001  (the
"AGREEMENT") by and among Mettler-Toledo, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
"BUYER"),   Mettler-Toledo   International  Inc.,  a  Delaware  corporation
("MTII") and Rainin Instrument Company,  Inc., a Massachusetts  corporation
("SELLER") and Kenneth Rainin ("RAININ").

                           Preliminary Statement
                           ---------------------

     WHEREAS, the Seller is the holder,  beneficially and of record, of all
of the issued and  outstanding  membership  units (the  "UNITS")  of Rainin
Instrument, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "COMPANY"); and

     WHEREAS,  Rainin is the holder,  beneficially and of record, of all of
the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Seller; and

     WHEREAS,  the  Seller has  historically  been  engaged in the  design,
engineering,  manufacturing,  marketing  and  distribution  of pipettes and
associated products (the "BUSINESS"); and

     WHEREAS,  the Seller has  entered  into that  certain  Assignment  and
Assumption  Agreement with the Company  whereby the Seller has  transferred
substantially all assets and liabilities of the Business to the Company for
all of the membership interests in the Company; and

     WHEREAS,  after  the date  hereof  but prior to the  Closing  Date (as
herein  defined)  the Seller will  formalize  the transfer of record to the
Company of  substantially  all assets and  liabilities of the Business,  as
herein  further  described,  such  that  the  Company  shall  continue  the
Business; and

     WHEREAS,  following  such transfer to the Company the Buyer desires to
purchase,  and the Seller  desires to sell all of the Units of the Company,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

     NOW, THEREFORE,  in consideration of the  representations,  warranties
and covenants herein contained, the parties agree as follows.

                                 ARTICLE I
                                THE PURCHASE

     1.1  Definitions.
          -----------

"AFFILIATE"  means, with respect to any person any other person directly or
indirectly  controlling,  controlled  by, or under common control with such
other person,  and in the case of an individual,  includes the individual's
immediate  family,  and the trustees of a trust the  beneficiaries of which
include any one or more of the foregoing.

"AGREEMENT" shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph hereof.

"ASSET PURCHASE  AGREEMENT  (INVENTORY/ACCOUNTS  RECEIVABLE)"  shall be the
agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A.

"AUTHORITY"  means  any  foreign,  federal,  state or  local  governmental,
regulatory, judicial or administrative authority or agency.

"BALANCE SHEET" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.4.

"BALANCE SHEET DATE" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.4.

"BUSINESS"  shall have the meaning set forth in the  preliminary  statement
set forth above.

"BUYER" means Mettler-Toledo, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

"CALIFORNIA  COMMISSIONER"  shall  have the  meaning  set forth in  Section
6.2(a).

"CALIFORNIA PERMIT" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.2(a).

"CASH PROCEEDS" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.3(a).

"CODE" means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

"COMPANY"  means  Rainin  Instrument,  LLC,  a Delaware  limited  liability
company.

"CONTINGENT PAYMENT" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.5.

"CONTRACTS" means all leases, contracts, grants, licenses, sales orders and
all other  agreements,  whether  written or oral, to which the Company is a
party or by which it is legally  bound or which are conveyed to the Company
pursuant to the Transfer Documents.

"COPYRIGHTS"  means  original  works of  authorship  fixed in any  tangible
medium of expression  including mask and other copyrightable  works, United
States and foreign  copyrights,  whether  registered or  unregistered,  and
pending applications to register the same.

"CUSTOMS  LITIGATION" shall mean the litigation  entitled Rainin Instrument
Company, Inc. vs. The United States of America pending in the U.S. Court of
International  Trade,  and  other  proceedings  or  appeals  in  connection
therewith.

"CURRENT  EMPLOYEE"  means any  Employee  who is  actively  working  for or
providing services to the Company or on approved leave of absence and has a
right to return to employment as of the Closing Date.

"EMPLOYEE  AGREEMENT"  means  each  management,   employment,   consulting,
non-compete,  change-in-control,  confidentiality,  agreement  or  contract
entered into by the Seller or the Company with any Employee.

"EMPLOYEE  PLAN"  means  each  plan,  program,  policy,  payroll  practice,
contract,   or  other  arrangement  (other  than  any  Employee  Agreement)
providing for compensation,  termination pay,  performance  awards,  profit
related  pay  schemes,  stock or  stock-related  awards,  life  and  health
insurance, hospitalization, saving, bonus, pensions, supplemental pensions,
deferred compensation,  incentive compensation,  holidays,  profit sharing,
vacations,  sick pay, sick leave,  disability  benefits,  tuition  refunds,
service awards,  company cars,  scholarships,  relocation benefits,  patent
awards,  fringe  benefits or other employee  benefits of any kind,  whether
formal or  informal,  funded or  unfunded  and whether or not in writing or
legally binding.

"ENCUMBRANCES" shall mean any liens, claims,  charges,  security interests,
pledges,   mortgages,   rights  of  set  off,   preemptive  rights,   trust
arrangements  or other  encumbrances  (whether  arising from  contract,  by
operation  of law or  otherwise),  except for (i) liens for Taxes and other
governmental  charges and  assessments  arising in the  ordinary  course of
business  which are not yet due and payable,  (ii) liens of  landlords  and
liens of carriers,  warehousemen,  mechanics and materialmen and other like
liens  arising in the ordinary  course of business for sums not yet due and
payable,  and (iii) any encumbrances  created by or through Buyer or any of
Buyer's Affiliates.

"ERISA" means the U.S. Employee  Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended.

"ESCROW AGREEMENT" means the agreement attached hereto as Exhibit B.

"EXCLUDED  ASSETS"  means (i) the Seller  Leased Real  Property  located in
Woburn,  Massachusetts,  (ii)  The John  Hancock  Variable  Life  Insurance
Policies with the following policy numbers:  #623 663 16; #623 537 52; #632
027 02; #636 222 87; and #636 222 88,  (iii) the  membership  interests  in
Rainin  Air  LLC,  (iv)  all  contracts  related  to the  construction  and
equipping  of  the  Seller  Leased  Real   Property   located  in  Oakland,
California, except those relating to "Tenant Improvements";  (v) subject to
the other terms of this Agreement,  the Greiner  Litigation and the Customs
Litigation and (vi) Mr.  Lemieux's and Mr.  Weinsoff's  company cars, (vii)
the  corporate  charter,  qualifications  to conduct  business as a foreign
corporation,  arrangements  with  registered  agents  relating  to  foreign
qualifications,  taxpayer and other identification  numbers,  seals, minute
books, stock transfer books, blank stock certificates,  and other documents
relating to the  organization,  maintenance  and  existence  of Seller as a
corporation  and (viii) the rights of Seller  under this  Agreement  or the
Transfer Documents.

"EXCLUDED  LIABILITIES"  shall mean (i) all  liabilities and obligations of
the Seller and the Company for income Taxes, (ii) liability for U.S. profit
sharing and U.S.  incentive  compensation,  (iii)  liability  of Seller for
taxes  arising in  connection  with the  consummation  of the  transactions
provided for in the Transfer Documents, (iv) any liability or obligation of
Seller under this Agreement,  the Transfer  Documents or the Asset Purchase
Agreement  (Inventory/Accounts  Receivable) and (v) liabilities relating to
the Excluded Assets.

"FINANCIAL STATEMENTS" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.4.

"GAAP" shall mean United States generally accepted accounting principles.

"GREINER   LITIGATION"  means  the  litigation  between  Rainin  Instrument
Company,  Inc. and Greiner  Labortechnik GmbH pending in the District Court
of Dusseldorf,  Germany,  and the Federal Patent Court of Germany,  and any
other proceeding or appeals in connection therewith.

"HOLDBACK AMOUNT" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.3(b).

"HSR ACT" shall mean the  Hart-Scott-Rodino  Antitrust  Improvements Act of
1976, as amended,  or any successor law, and  regulations  and rules issued
pursuant to that act or any successor law.

"INDEMNIFIED  PARTY" and  "INDEMNIFYING  PARTY"  shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 7.3.

"INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY"  means the Seller's and the Company's  Copyrights,
Patent Rights, Trademarks and Trade Secrets and all agreements,  contracts,
licenses, sublicenses,  assignments and indemnities which relate or pertain
to  any  of  the  foregoing.   "Intellectual  Property"  does  not  include
intellectual  property  owned  by  PTI or  intellectual  property  that  is
developed through the Closing Date specifically for the business of PTI but
does not relate to the Business.

"INITIAL  PURCHASE  PRICE"  shall  have the  meaning  set forth in  Section
1.3(a).

"KNOWLEDGE"  shall  mean with  respect  to any  party  hereto,  the  actual
knowledge or conscious  awareness of such party after  reasonable  inquiry,
which in the case of the Company, the Seller or Rainin shall mean that such
person  has made  reasonable  inquiry  of one or more  employees  of Rainin
and/or the Company whom such person  reasonably  believes would have actual
knowledge of the matters  represented.  As used in Section  2.12,  the term
knowledge  as to any party shall not require the  conducting  of any patent
search or investigation regarding patents, trademarks, Copyrights, software
or other Intellectual  Property of the Seller or the Company, such party or
any other Person.

"LAWS" means any applicable law, ordinance, code, rule or regulation or any
court,  administrative,  arbitral or mediator's  judgment,  order, award or
decree.

"LICENSED  INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY"  means any  licenses  or  agreements  in
relation to the use of intellectual property rights from third parties used
in the conduct of the  Business and to which the Seller or the Company is a
party.

"MATERIAL  ADVERSE  EFFECT"  means with respect to any entity,  any change,
event or effect  that is  materially  adverse  to the  business,  financial
condition,   operations   or   capitalization   of  such   entity  and  its
subsidiaries,  taken as a whole; provided,  however, that in no event shall
any of the following, alone or in combination, be deemed to constitute, nor
shall any of the  following  be taken into account in  determining  whether
there has been or will be, a Material Adverse Effect on any entity: (i) any
change,  event or effect that  results from  changes  affecting  any of the
industries  in which such entity  operates  generally;  or (ii) any change,
event or effect that  results  from  changes  affecting  the United  States
economy generally;  or (iii) any change,  event or effect resulting from or
relating to the  disruption or loss of existing or  prospective  customers,
distributors,  suppliers, employees or other relationships that result from
or relates to the  public  announcement  or  pendency  of the  transactions
contemplated  hereby, and, provided further,  that the failure of an entity
to meet internal financial projections,  estimates or forecasts,  in and of
itself, will not constitute a Material Adverse Effect on such entity.

"METTLER STOCK" means the shares of MTII common stock,  per value $0.01 per
share,  issuable  pursuant  to this  Agreement.  Such  stock is listed  for
trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "MTD."

"MTII" means Mettler-Toledo  International Inc., a Delaware corporation and
the parent company of the Buyer.

"RAININ" means Kenneth Rainin, the sole shareholder of the Seller.

"ORDINARY  COURSE OF  BUSINESS." An action taken by a Person will be deemed
to have been taken in the "ORDINARY COURT OF BUSINESS" only if:

     (a)  such action is consistent  with the past practices of such Person
          (or  in the  case  of  the  Company,  consistent  with  the  past
          practices of the Seller) and is taken in the  ordinary  course of
          the normal  day-to-day  operations of such Person (or in the case
          of the  Company,  taken  in the  ordinary  course  of the  normal
          day-to-day  operations of the Seller prior to the consummation of
          the Transfer Documents); and

     (a)  such  action is not  required  to be  authorized  by the board of
          directors  of such  Person  (or by any Person or group of Persons
          exercising   similar   authority)  and  is  not  required  to  be
          specifically  authorized  by the parent  company (if any) of such
          Person.


"PATENT  RIGHTS"  means  United  States  and  foreign  patents  and  patent
applications, including continuations, continuations-in-part, divisions and
reissues thereof; patent disclosures; inventions (whether or not patentable
or reduced to practice) and improvements thereto.

"PERMITS" means all permits, licenses, registrations, certificates, orders,
approvals,  franchises,  variances and similar rights, whether issued by or
under authority of an Authority or any other person.

"PERSON" means an individual,  corporation,  company, partnership, trust or
unincorporated  organization  or a  government  or any agency or  political
subdivision thereof or any other entity.

"PTI" means Protein Technologies, Inc.

"PURCHASE PRICE" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.3(a) hereof.

"SELLER"   means  Rainin   Instrument   Company,   Inc.,  a   Massachusetts
corporation, and the parent of the Company.

"SELLER  LEASED  REAL  PROPERTY"  means the  facilities  utilized  or to be
utilized by the Company in connection  with the Business  located at Rainin
Road, Woburn, Massachusetts, 5400 Hollis Street, Emeryville, California and
7500 Edgewater Drive, Oakland, California.

"TAX" means any Federal,  state,  local or foreign income,  gross receipts,
license,  occupation,  capital gains,  environmental (including Taxes under
Section  59A  of  the  Code),   customs,   duties,   profits,   disability,
registration,   documentary,  alternative  or  add-on  minimum,  estimated,
withholding, payroll, employment, unemployment,  insurance, social security
(or similar), excise, sales, use, value-added,  occupancy,  franchise, real
property,  personal  property,  business and occupation,  windfall profits,
capital stock, stamp,  transfer,  worker's compensation or other tax of any
kind whatsoever, including any interest, penalties or additions to tax, and
any  interest in respect of such  penalties  or  additions,  whether or not
disputed.

"TAX RETURN" means any return, report, notice, form, declaration, claim for
refund,  estimate,  election,  or  information  statement or other document
filed  or  required  to be  filed in  connection  with  the  determination,
assessment or  collection of Taxes of any party,  including any schedule or
attachment thereto and any amendment thereof.

"TRADEMARKS"  means United States,  state and foreign  trademarks,  service
marks,  logos,  trade  dress and trade  names  (including  all  assumed  or
fictitious  names  under  which the  Company  or the  Seller is  conducting
business or has within the previous five years conducted business), whether
registered  or  unregistered,  and pending  applications  to  register  the
foregoing.

"TRADE SECRETS" means, without limitation,  all ideas, know-how,  concepts,
methods, processes, formulae, reports, data, customer lists, mailing lists,
business plans and information,  financial  information and records and all
other  information  which has been maintained in confidence by and provides
an economic benefit to its proprietor.

"TRADING PRICE" means $43.65.

"TRANSFER  DOCUMENTS" means the Assignment and Assumption Agreement between
the Seller and the Company attached at Schedule 2.2(e), and the assumption,
assignment,  transfer and  conveyancing  documents  executed and  delivered
pursuant thereto.

"UNITS" means the issued and outstanding membership units of the Company.

     1.2  Sale and Transfer  of Units.  Upon and  subject  to the terms and
conditions  of this  Agreement,  at the  Closing  the  Seller  shall  sell,
transfer, convey, assign and deliver the Units to the Buyer, free and clear
of all Encumbrances, and the Buyer shall purchase the Units.

     1.3  Purchase Price.
          --------------

          (a) The  purchase  price to be paid by the  Buyer  for the  Units
shall be One Hundred Twenty-Two Million,  One Hundred Fifty-Seven  Thousand
Thirty-Eight Dollars  ($122,157,038.00)  paid in cash (the "CASH PROCEEDS")
plus 3,388,132 shares of Mettler Stock (the "INITIAL PURCHASE PRICE"), plus
the Contingent  Payment (as herein defined),  if any, subject to adjustment
as provided in Section 1.7 hereof (the "PURCHASE PRICE").

          (b) 687,285  shares of the Mettler Stock  included in the Initial
Purchase Price (the "HOLDBACK AMOUNT") will not be paid at Closing but will
be held in escrow in accordance with the provisions of the Escrow Agreement
to satisfy,  in part,  the  indemnification  obligations  of the Seller and
Rainin pursuant to Article VII hereof.  That portion of the Holdback Amount
not subject to claims made in  accordance  with  Article VII and the Escrow
Agreement  as of  January 2, 2003  shall be  disbursed  to the Seller on or
before  January  10,  2003 in  accordance  with  the  terms  of the  Escrow
Agreement.

          (c)  Fractional  shares  will be paid in  cash  and  will  not be
issued.

          1.4  The Closing.
               -----------

          (a)  The  closing  of  the  transactions   contemplated  by  this
Agreement (the "CLOSING")  shall take place  commencing at 10:00 a.m. local
time on or before the fifth  (5th)  business  day after all  conditions  to
closing set forth in Article IV hereof shall have been satisfied or waived,
or on such other  date and at such  place and by such means as the  parties
shall agree (the "CLOSING DATE").

          (b) Immediately prior to the Closing:

                    (i) the  Company  shall  distribute  to the  Seller the
          Company's profits accrued to the Closing Date.

                    (ii) the Buyer and the Company  shall execute the Asset
          Purchase   Agreement    (Inventory/Accounts    Receivable),   and
          consummate the transactions contemplated thereby, and the Company
          shall distribute to the Seller the proceeds from such transaction
          and the right or obligation  of the Company,  as the case may be,
          to  receive  a  Positive  Adjustment  Amount  or  pay a  Negative
          Adjustment  Amount,  each as defined in and pursuant to the Asset
          Purchase Agreement (Inventory/Accounts Receivable).

          (c)  At the Closing:

                    (i) the Seller shall deliver the Units to the Buyer;

                    (ii) the Seller shall  deliver to the Buyer the various
          certificates,  instruments  and documents  referred to in Section
          4.2;

                    (iii) the Buyer shall deliver to the Seller the various
          certificates,  instruments  and documents  referred to in Section
          4.3;

                    (iv) the Buyer  shall pay the Initial  Purchase  Price,
          less the Holdback Amount,  in the amount and the manner specified
          in Section 1.3; (v) the Buyer shall  deposit the Holdback  Amount
          with the Escrow Agent;

                    (vi)  the  Seller  shall  deliver  to  the  Buyer,   or
          otherwise put the Buyer in possession  and control of, all of the
          company and other records of the Company; and

                    (vii)  the  Buyer  and the  Seller  shall  execute  and
          deliver to each other a cross-receipt evidencing the transactions
          referred to above.

     1.5  Contingent  Payment.   The  Seller  shall  be  eligible  to  earn
additional consideration as provided in this Section 1.5.

          (a) Subject to the terms and  conditions of this  Agreement,  the
Buyer shall pay to the Seller as additional  consideration an aggregate sum
(the  "CONTINGENT  PAYMENT")  based on EBIT of the Company for the eighteen
(18) month period  commencing  October 1, 2001 (the "18-MONTH  EBIT";  such
period called the "CONTINGENT PERIOD") as follows:

          LEVEL                                             PAYMENT
          -----                                             -------

          For every 1 dollar of EBIT in excess of           $10.00
          $45,875,000 and up to $47,875,000

          For every 1 dollar of EBIT in excess of           $5.00
          $47,875,000 and up to $55,875,000

          , up to a maximum Contingent Payment of Sixty Million Dollars
          ($60,000,000.00).

          (b) As  used  herein,  the  term  "EBIT"  means  earnings  before
interest and taxes, calculated in accordance with GAAP. In the event of the
issuance  after the date hereof of accounting  pronouncements  which change
reporting  methods in  accordance  with GAAP,  the method to be applied for
purposes  of this  Section  1.5  shall  be the GAAP in  effect  on the date
hereof.  For purposes of calculating  EBIT in accordance  with this Section
1.5, the  following  items will be added back:  (i)  non-recurring  charges
arising directly from the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (ii)
amortization of intangible  assets arising  directly from the  transactions
contemplated  by  this  Agreement  (provided  that  intangibles  from  past
acquisitions  made by the Seller  shall be included on a pro forma  basis),
(iii) amounts  received by the Company from the Greiner  Litigation and the
Customs Litigation to the extent same are payable to the Seller pursuant to
Section 6.10 hereof, and (iv) $428,000 of leasehold  write-offs  associated
with the Seller Leased Real Property located in Emeryville, California. For
purposes  of  calculating   EBIT  in  accordance  with  this  Section  1.5,
accounting  for trade-ins will be performed  using the Seller's  historical
practices.

          (c) Within 30 days after the end of the  Contingent  Period,  the
Buyer  shall  prepare  and  deliver to the Seller a  statement  showing the
18-month  EBIT  (the  "EBIT  CALCULATION").   The  Seller  shall  be  given
reasonable  access  to work  papers,  accounting  records  and  such  other
material  as  is  reasonably   necessary  or  desirable  for  the  Seller's
independent evaluation of the EBIT Calculation. The Seller shall deliver to
the Buyer a statement  describing  any  objection  to the EBIT  Calculation
within  thirty  (30) days after  receiving  the initial  EBIT  Calculation,
absent which the EBIT Calculation as delivered by the Buyer shall be deemed
accepted.  The Buyer and the Seller shall use reasonable efforts to resolve
any such objections, but if they do not reach a final resolution within ten
(10) days after the Buyer's  receipt of the  statement of  objections,  the
Buyer and the Seller shall select a nationally  recognized  accounting firm
mutually  acceptable  to them (the  "Neutral  Accountants")  to resolve any
remaining  objections,  the costs of which  shall be shared  equally by the
Buyer and the Seller.  The Buyer and the Seller shall jointly  instruct the
Neutral Accountants to resolve any unresolved objections within thirty (30)
days after  referral of the matter to them, and the decision of the Neutral
Accountants  shall be conclusive and binding upon the Buyer and the Seller,
absent fraud or manifest error.

          (d) Payment of any undisputed  portion of the Contingent  Payment
will be made within five (5) business days after such undisputed portion is
agreed.  The disputed  portion  will be paid within five (5) business  days
after final resolution of the EBIT Calculation, whether by agreement of the
parties or by  determination  of the  Neutral  Accountants.  Such  disputed
amount will accrue  interest at a rate of 60-day U.S.  dollar LIBOR plus 25
basis  points per annum  from the date such  amount  should  have been paid
until the date actually paid.

          (e) At the Buyer's  election,  up to  one-half of the  Contingent
Payment  may be paid by the  issuance to the Seller of Mettler  Stock.  The
number of shares of Mettler Stock to be issued  pursuant to the  Contingent
Payment shall be  calculated  on the basis of the average  closing price of
the Mettler  Stock on the ten (10) trading days  preceding  the last day of
the Contingent  Period.  The remaining  portion of the  Contingent  Payment
shall be paid by delivery  to the Seller of  immediately  available  funds,
unless the Seller and the Buyer shall  mutually agree in writing to another
form of consideration.

     1.6  Other Considerations.
          --------------------

          (a) The parties agree that from the Closing Date until the end of
the Contingent  Period, for purposes of Section 1.5 hereof, (i) the Company
will  be  accounted  for as a  separate  entity;  (ii)  the  Buyer  and its
Affiliates will make resources and services available to the Company as the
Company  may elect to receive on arm's  length  terms;  and (iii) the Buyer
will not charge the Company an overhead allocation.

          (b) In the event of a change in control of MTII,  then after such
change in control  and during the  balance of the  Contingent  Period,  the
Buyer and MTII agree that they will not make any significant changes in the
employees, operations, or practices of the Company that could reasonably be
expected to have a material  adverse effect on EBIT,  unless such change is
consented to in writing by Rainin, absent which consent the threshholds for
the  Contingent  Payment  shall be  reduced  by the amount by which EBIT is
affected by such unapproved change.

     1.7  Adjustment.  The  Initial  Purchase  Price  will  be  subject  to
adjustment  as a  consequence  of  the  adjustment  of the  purchase  price
pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement  (Inventory/Accounts  Receivable).
The Initial  Purchase  Price will be increased  by the Negative  Adjustment
Amount,  or decreased by the  Positive  Adjustment  Amount (in each case as
such terms are defined in the Asset Purchase Agreement  (Inventory/Accounts
Receivable).  The  Seller  will pay to the  Buyer the  Positive  Adjustment
Amount, or the Buyer will pay to the Seller the Negative Adjustment Amount,
as the case may be,  contemporaneously  with the  payment  of the  adjusted
purchase price pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement (Inventory/Accounts
Receivable).

     1.8  Allocation of Purchase  Price.  The parties agree to allocate the
Purchase Price, any assumed liabilities,  and all other capitalizable costs
among the assets owned by the Company at the Closing in the manner required
by Section  1060 of the Code.  If the  parties  are unable to agree on such
allocation  within 60 days after the Closing Date, the Buyer and the Seller
shall select Neutral Accountants to resolve any disputed matters, the costs
of which shall be shared equally by the Buyer and the Seller. The Buyer and
the Seller shall jointly  instruct the Neutral  Accountants  to resolve any
disputed  matters  regarding the purchase price  allocation  within 15 days
after  referral  of the matter to them,  and the  decision  of the  Neutral
Accountants  shall be conclusive and binding upon the Buyer and the Seller,
absent fraud or manifest  error.  The parties agree to prepare and file IRS
Form 8594,  including any amendments  thereto,  in a manner consistent with
the purchase price allocation  determined in accordance with the foregoing.
To the extent that the Purchase  Price is adjusted  after the Closing Date,
the parties agree to revise and amend the purchase price allocation and IRS
Form 8594 in the same manner and according to the same  procedure set forth
above.  The  determination  and  allocation  of the Purchase  Price derived
pursuant  to this  Section  1.8 shall be binding on the parties for all Tax
reporting purposes.

     1.9  Matters Concerning Mettler Stock.
          --------------------------------

          (a) The Seller or Rainin may sell, offer, contract for sale, make
a short sale,  pledge or  otherwise  transfer or dispose of one half of the
total number of shares of Mettler Stock  received by the Seller at any time
after  issuance  thereof to the Seller,  subject to (i) any  limitations or
restrictions  imposed  by the  Securities  Act of  1933,  as  amended  (the
"Securities  Act") and other applicable  federal and state securities laws,
(ii) for so long as  Rainin is an  employee  of the  Company,  the Buyer or
their Affiliates,  compliance with MTII's insider trading policy, and (iii)
compliance  with the Right of First  Refusal  set forth in  subsection  (c)
hereof.

          (b) The Seller and Rainin agree that it and he will not, directly
or indirectly,  sell, offer, contract for sale, make any short sale, engage
in any hedging transaction,  pledge or otherwise transfer or dispose of the
other one half of the total number of shares of Mettler  Stock  received by
the Seller in connection with the  transactions  contemplated  hereby until
after the end of the Contingent Period; provided,  however, that the Seller
and Rainin shall  continue to be bound by such  restriction  on transfer or
disposition  after such date and until the later of (i)  January 1, 2005 or
(ii)  the  termination  of  Rainin's  employee  relationship,   unless  the
contemplated  transfer or  disposition  shall be approved in writing by the
President of the Buyer, which approval will not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed,  and which will be  communicated  within four (4) business days of
Seller's or Rainin's written request therefor. Such approval shall be valid
for a period of thirty  (30) days,  unless  revoked by the Buyer in writing
upon exercise of its  reasonable  business  judgment.  Any such sale at any
time shall remain subject to the limitations or restrictions imposed by the
Securities Act and other applicable  federal and state securities laws, and
the Right of First Refusal set forth in subsection (c) hereof.

          (c) For so long as  Rainin is an  employee  of the  Company,  the
Buyer or their  Affiliates,  MTII  shall  have a right of first  refusal to
purchase  all or any  part of the  Mettler  Stock  received  by the  Seller
pursuant to this Agreement as set forth below.  Prior to  consummating  any
sale of Mettler  Stock,  the Seller shall provide to MTII a written  notice
setting  forth the number of shares the Seller  desires to sell. As soon as
practicable,  but in no event  longer  than four (4)  business  days  after
receipt of Seller's  notice,  MTII shall provide  written  notice to Seller
informing  Seller whether MTII will exercise its right of first refusal and
specifying  the total  number of shares of Mettler  Stock it is electing to
purchase, if less than the full amount set out in Seller's notice.

               (i) If MTII  elects  not to  exercise  its  right  of  first
refusal in whole or in part,  Seller  shall be  entitled  to sell up to the
number of shares of Mettler Stock set out in Seller's notice which MTII has
not elected to purchase during the 30 trading-day  period  following MTII's
election not to exercise its right of first refusal in whole or in part.

               (ii) If MTII elects to exercise its right of first  refusal,
the per share price to be paid to Seller shall be  calculated by taking the
average  of the  closing  prices  for  shares  of MTII as such  prices  are
reported by the New York Stock  Exchange on each of the three  trading days
immediately  preceding the date of Seller's notice. The purchase shall take
place on the date of MTII's  notice and payment to Seller  shall be made by
wire transfer within four (4) business days following such date.

               (iii)  Seller and MTII shall  execute and deliver such other
instruments of sale and take such action as may be reasonably  necessary or
desirable to transfer the shares of Mettler  Stock being sold to MTII or to
third parties,  as the case may be. This shall include Seller's delivery of
a share certificate or certificates  evidencing the Mettler Stock to MTII's
transfer agent.

               (iv) At any time  during  the four (4)  business  days after
receipt of Seller's  notice set forth above and prior to MTII's election to
exercise  its  right of first  refusal,  Seller  may  elect to  revoke  its
election to sell.

               (v) Immediately  upon sending MTII's notice,  MTII shall use
its  commercially  reasonable  best  efforts  to remove  the right of first
refusal  legend  set  forth on  Seller's  certificates,  which  Seller  has
indicated that it desires to sell in the Seller's notice.

               (vi) Buyer's and MTII's  rights  under this  Section  1.9(c)
shall terminate upon (A) any consolidation,  merger or change of control of
Buyer  whereby  the  stockholders  of  Buyer   immediately  prior  to  such
consolidation,  merger or change of  control  own less than 50% of  Buyer's
voting  power  immediately  after such  consolidation,  merger or change of
control or (B) the sale or disposition of all or  substantially  all of the
assets of Buyer.

          (d) The Seller and Rainin  agree not to  directly  or  indirectly
sell,  offer,  contract for sale, make any short sale,  pledge or otherwise
transfer or dispose of any shares of Mettler  Stock in the Holdback  Amount
until such shares are delivered to the Seller.

          (e) In the event  that  prior to the  Closing  Date,  MTII  shall
subdivide or split-up the outstanding  shares of its common stock,  combine
its  outstanding  common  stock into a smaller  number of shares of capital
stock or declare a dividend  (or the like) on its  common  stock,  then the
number of shares of Mettler  Stock  which the Seller is entitled to receive
on the  Closing  Date shall be  appropriately  adjusted  so that the Seller
shall be entitled to receive the number of shares of MTII common stock that
it would have  received  after  such  subdivision,  split-up,  combination,
dividend  or the like,  as the case may be,  if the  Closing  had  occurred
immediately  prior to such event or record date for such event, as the case
may be.

          (f) Notwithstanding the provisions set forth in this Section 1.9,
the  Seller  shall be  permitted  to  transfer  the  Mettler  Stock to such
entities or persons as Seller shall so designate for purposes of estate and
tax planning,  provided  however that the transferee will be subject to the
terms  set  forth  in  this  Section  1.9 to the  same  extent  as if  such
transferee were the Seller.

     1.10 Further  Assurances.  At any time and from time to time after the
Closing,  at the request of the Buyer,  the Seller and Rainin shall execute
and  deliver  such other  instruments  of sale,  transfer,  conveyance  and
assignment  and take such action as the Buyer may determine are  reasonably
necessary or desirable to transfer,  convey and assign to the Buyer, and to
evidence and confirm the Buyer's  rights to, title in and ownership of, the
Units,  and to carry out the  purpose  and  intent of this  Agreement.  Any
additional reasonable  out-of-pocket costs incurred by the Seller or Rainin
in accommodating Buyer's requests shall be reimbursed by Buyer.


                                 ARTICLE II
          REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE SELLER AND RAININ

     The  Seller  and Rainin  represent  and  warrant to the Buyer and MTII
that,  except as  disclosed  in the  Disclosure  Schedule,  the  statements
contained in this Article II are true and correct.

     2.1  Organization, Qualification and Corporate Power.
          -----------------------------------------------

          (a) The Seller is a corporation duly organized,  validly existing
and in good  standing  as a  corporation  under  the  laws of the  State of
Massachusetts.  The Seller has all requisite  corporate power and authority
to own or lease and operate its  properties  and assets and to carry on its
business.  The Seller is duly qualified to do business in all jurisdictions
where the nature of the properties  owned or leased by it or the activities
conducted by it make such qualification necessary.

          (b) The Company is a limited  liability  company duly  organized,
validly existing and in good standing as a limited  liability company under
the laws of the State of Delaware.  The Company has all requisite power and
authority  to own or lease and  operate  its  properties  and assets and to
carry on its business.  The Company is duly qualified to do business in all
jurisdictions  where the nature of the properties  owned or leased by it or
the activities conducted by it make such qualification necessary.

          (c) The  Seller has  delivered  true and  complete  copies of the
Company's  Certificate  of Formation  and  Agreement  of Limited  Liability
Company,  including all amendments  thereto, as in effect as of the date of
the Agreement, which are attached hereto at Schedule 2.1(c).

          (d) The  managers  and  officers  of the Company are set forth on
Schedule 2.1(d) hereto.

     2.2  Capital of the Company and Debt Obligations; Subsidiaries.
          ---------------------------------------------------------

          (a) All of the issued and  outstanding  Units of the Company have
been duly authorized and validly issued,  are fully paid and non-assessable
and are owned  beneficially and of record by the Seller,  free and clear of
any Encumbrances or any unitholder agreements,  voting agreements,  proxies
or similar agreements.

          (b)  Except  as  set  forth  on  Schedule  2.2(b),  there  are no
outstanding securities convertible into or exchangeable for or carrying the
right to acquire  any equity or other  security of any  description  of the
Company and no outstanding options, rights, warrants or other agreements or
commitments  that  relate  to,  or  require  the  issuance,  sale or  other
disposition  of, any equity or other  securities of any  description of the
Company.

          (c) Schedule  2.2(c) sets forth all  obligations of the Seller or
the Company,  direct and indirect,  contingent  or otherwise,  for borrowed
money, including unutilized lines of credit in excess of $50,000.

          (d) Except as set forth in Schedule  2.2(d),  the Seller  (except
for the  Company) and the Company do not have any  subsidiaries  and do not
otherwise  own any shares of capital  stock or any interest in, or control,
directly or indirectly,  any other corporation,  partnership,  association,
joint venture or other business entity.

          (e) The Assignment and Assumption  Agreement  which forms part of
the  Transfer  Documents  is  attached  hereto  at  Schedule  2.2(e).  When
executed,  the Transfer  Documents will  constitute (and the Assignment and
Assumption  Agreement  constitutes) the valid and binding obligation of the
Seller and the  Company,  and will  effectively  convey to the  Company all
assets of the Seller except the Excluded Assets, subject to all liabilities
of the Seller except the Excluded Liabilities.

     2.3  Authority and Noncontravention.
          ------------------------------

          (a) The Seller has all  requisite  power and authority and Rainin
has all  requisite  capacity to execute and deliver this  Agreement and the
ancillary  agreements  contemplated hereby to which the Seller or Rainin or
both are a party and to perform their obligations hereunder and thereunder.
The execution and delivery of this  Agreement and the ancillary  agreements
contemplated   hereby  by  Seller  and  the  performance  thereof  and  the
consummation by Seller of the transactions  contemplated hereby and thereby
have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary  corporate action on
the part of Seller and no further  action is required on the part of Seller
to authorize  this  Agreement or any ancillary  agreements to which it is a
party and the transactions  contemplated hereby and thereby. This Agreement
has been duly and validly  executed and  delivered by the Seller and Rainin
and  constitutes  valid and binding  obligations  of the Seller and Rainin,
assuming  in each  case  the due and  valid  authorization,  execution  and
delivery  by Buyer and MTII,  enforceable  against the Seller and Rainin in
accordance  with its  respective  terms,  except  to the  extent  that such
enforceability  (i) may be limited  by  bankruptcy,  insolvency,  relief of
debtors or other laws  relating to creditors  rights  generally and (ii) is
subject to general  principles  of equity,  including  the  discretion of a
court in granting equitable remedies.

          (b) Neither the execution  and delivery of this  Agreement or the
ancillary  agreements  contemplated hereby by the Seller or Rainin, nor the
consummation  by the  Seller  or Rainin  of the  transactions  contemplated
hereby or thereby,  nor the  execution,  delivery and  consummation  of the
transactions  contemplated by the Transfer Documents, will (a) (i) conflict
with or violate any  provision  of the  Certificate  of  Incorporation,  as
amended  or  By-laws  of the  Seller or the  Certificate  of  Formation  or
Agreement  of Limited  Liability  Company  of the  Company,  (ii)  violate,
conflict  with,  or result in a breach  of, or  default  or loss of benefit
under, or give rise to a right of termination,  acceleration,  modification
or cancellation under, or require any notice,  consent or waiver under, any
contract,  lease,  sublease,  license,   sublicense,   franchise,   permit,
instrument of indebtedness or agreement,  obligation or commitment to which
the Seller, Rainin or the Company is a party or by which he or it or his or
its assets is bound (including,  without limitation, the Contracts),  (iii)
violate or result in the loss of any  benefit  under any  provision  of any
applicable Law to which the Seller,  Rainin or the Company is subject, (iv)
result in the imposition of any  Encumbrance  upon any of the Units or upon
any  assets of the  Seller or the  Company,  or (b)  except  for the filing
required  pursuant  to the HSR Act and the filing  contemplated  by Section
6.2,  require  on the part of the  Seller or Rainin  any  filing  with,  or
permit,  authorization,  consent or approval of, any  Authority or give any
Authority the right to challenge any of the  transactions  contemplated  by
this  Agreement or the ancillary  agreements  contemplated  hereby,  or (c)
violate any order, writ,  injunction,  decree,  statute, rule or regulation
applicable to the Seller,  Rainin or the Company or any of their respective
properties or assets.

     2.4 Financial  Statements and Other Data.  Schedule 2.4 sets forth (i)
the audited financial  statements of the Seller as of December 31, 1999 and
December 31, 2000 and (ii) the reviewed financial  statements of the Seller
as of June 30, 2001 (the "Balance  Sheet Date";  the balance sheet included
in such June 30, 2001 financial  statements being herein referred to as the
"Balance Sheet"). The foregoing financial statements are herein referred to
as the "Financial Statements".  The Financial Statements have been prepared
in accordance with GAAP consistently  applied, and the Financial Statements
fairly  present the  financial  condition  and results of operations of the
Seller as at the dates and for the periods concerned  therein.  The profits
and losses reflected in the Financial Statements in any one period have not
been  affected to a material  extent  (except as disclosed in the footnotes
thereto or Schedule 2.4) by any extraordinary, nonrecurring, exceptional or
unusual item,  event or circumstance or by any other factor  rendering such
profits or losses unusually high or low. The Financial  Statements  include
the Excluded Assets and the Excluded Liabilities.

     2.5  Undisclosed  Liabilities.  Neither the Seller nor the Company has
any  liability,  indebtedness,   obligation,  expense,  claim,  deficiency,
guaranty or endorsement,  whether accrued, absolute,  contingent,  matured,
unmatured or other, in excess of $100,000 individually (or in the aggregate
in the case of any of the foregoing  arising out of a common set of facts),
other than those (i)  incurred in the  Ordinary  Course of  Business,  (ii)
reflected in the Financial Statements or (iii) set forth on Schedule 2.5.

     2.6 No  Material  Changes.  Except  as set forth on  Schedule  2.6 and
except as contemplated by the Assignment and Assumption  Agreement included
in the Transfer  Documents,  between the Balance Sheet Date and the date of
this Agreement, neither the Seller nor the Company has:

          (a)  acquired,  sold,  leased,  encumbered  or  disposed  of  any
material  assets,  other than purchases,  leases and sales of assets in the
Ordinary Course of Business;

          (b)  created,  incurred or assumed any debt in excess of $100,000
(including  obligations  in respect of  capital  leases)  other than in the
Ordinary  Course of Business  (excluding debt in connection with the Seller
Leased Real Property located in Oakland, California);

          (c) entered  into,  adopted or amended any  Employee  Plan or any
employment or severance  agreement or  arrangement of the type described in
Section 2.16,  paid any  significant  benefits not required by the terms in
effect on the date hereof of any  existing  Employee  Plan or hired any new
employees  or  consultants;  or  significantly  increased in any manner the
compensation or fringe benefits of, or modified the terms of any employment
contract of any of its employees or consultants  except changes made in the
Ordinary Course of Business;

          (d) changed its accounting methods, principles or practices;

          (e) made any new  elections  with respect to Taxes or any changes
in current elections with respect to Taxes;

          (f)  paid,   discharged  or  satisfied  claims,   liabilities  or
obligations  (absolute,  accrued,  asserted or  unasserted,  contingent  or
otherwise)  aggregating $100,000 or more, excluding any payment,  discharge
or satisfaction in the Ordinary Course of Business;

          (g) amended,  terminated or waived any material  rights under any
Contract other than in the Ordinary Course of Business, or taken or omitted
to take any  action  that  would  constitute  a  material  violation  of or
material default under any Contract;

          (h) made or committed to make any capital  expenditure  in excess
of $500,000 per item or total capital  expenditures in excess of $1,000,000
in the aggregate;

          (i)  assumed,  guaranteed  or  otherwise  become  liable  for the
obligations  of any other  Person  (excluding  endorsements  of  negotiable
instruments made in the Ordinary Course of Business);

          (j) made a  distribution  on its  capital  stock,  whether in the
nature of a dividend or otherwise; or

          (k)  agreed  orally  or in  writing  to take  any of the  actions
described in clauses (a) through (j) above,  other than as  contemplated by
this Agreement.

     Except as set forth in Schedule  2.6, to Seller's  knowledge  no event
has occurred that could  reasonably be expected to have a Material  Adverse
Effect on the Seller or the Company.

     2.7  Taxes.
          -----

          (a) Each of the Seller and the  Company has filed all Tax Returns
required  to be filed by it,  and has paid all Taxes due and  payable by it
(whether or not shown as due on such  returns).  All such Tax Returns  were
correct in all material respects when filed.

          (b) No Tax Return of the Seller or the Company is currently being
audited by any taxing Authority.  No waivers of statutes of limitation with
respect to the Tax Returns of the Seller or the Company  have been given by
or requested  in writing  from the Seller or the Company.

          (c) There are no liens  for Taxes  (other  than for Taxes not yet
due and payable) on any assets of the Seller or the Company.

          (d) The Seller is an "S  Corporation"  as defined in Code Section
1361 and has been an S Corporation  since the S Corporation  election as of
December,  1981 under Code Section 1362.  The Company has not elected to be
treated as a taxpaying entity separate from the Seller for Tax purposes.

     2.8  Personal Property.
          -----------------

          (a) Schedule 2.8(a) contains a list of all machinery,  equipment,
vehicles,  furniture and other personal property owned by the Seller or the
Company with a net book value  greater than  $100,000.  The Seller has, and
upon consummation of the Transfer Documents the Company will have, good and
marketable title to all of the personal  property  reflected in the Balance
Sheet or acquired  after such date by the Seller or the  Company,  free and
clear of all  Encumbrances  that are otherwise not reflected in the Balance
Sheet.

          (b)  There  is no  lease or other  agreement  or  right,  whether
written  or oral  under  which the  Seller or the  Company is lessee of, or
holds or operates,  any  machinery,  equipment,  vehicle or other  tangible
personal property owned by a third Person which involves the payment by the
Seller or the Company of rentals of $50,000 per year or more.

          (c) All  personal  property of the Seller and the Company  (other
than accounts  receivable and inventory)  which is material to the Business
is free from material  defects,  has been  maintained  in  accordance  with
normal  industry  practice,  is in  good  operating  condition  and  repair
(subject  to normal  wear and tear) and is suitable  for the  purposes  for
which it is presently used.

          (d) Schedule  2.8(d) lists all  material  assets  utilized in the
Business which are owned by the Seller or Rainin (or their Affiliates other
than the Company).

     2.9  Real Property.
          -------------

          (a) Schedule  2.9(a) lists all real property  leased or subleased
by the Seller or the Company.  Except as set forth on Schedule  2.9(a) with
respect to each lease and sublease:

               (i) the lease or sublease is the legal,  valid,  binding and
enforceable  obligation of the Seller or the Company and the other party or
parties thereto and is in full force and effect;

               (ii)  neither the  Company  nor the Seller,  nor to Seller's
knowledge  any  other  party to the  lease or  sublease,  is in  breach  or
default,  and no event has occurred which, with notice or lapse of time, or
both  would   constitute  a  breach  or  default  or  permit   termination,
modification or acceleration thereunder;

               (iii) there are no disputes,  oral agreements or forbearance
programs  to which the Company or the Seller is a party in effect as to the
lease or sublease;

               (iv)  neither  the  Company  nor the  Seller  has  assigned,
transferred,  conveyed,  mortgaged,  deeded  in  trust  or  encumbered  any
interest in the leasehold or subleasehold; and

               (v) all  facilities  leased or subleased  are supplied  with
utilities necessary for the operation of said facilities.

          (b) Except as set forth in Schedule 2.9(a),  the Company does not
have ownership of any real property.

          (c) All real property leased or otherwise  occupied by the Seller
or the Company is in good operating  condition and repair,  and to Seller's
knowledge is free of any structural or engineering defect.

     2.10 Intentionally Omitted.
          ---------------------

     2.11 Intentionally Omitted.
          ---------------------

     2.12   Intellectual   Property   Rights.   Schedule   2.12  lists  all
Intellectual  Property and all licenses of the same as well as all Licensed
Intellectual Property. Except as set forth in Schedule 2.12, (i) the Seller
or the Company is the sole legal and beneficial  owner of the  Intellectual
Property, free from any Encumbrances and all Licensed Intellectual Property
has been  validly  granted to the Seller or the Company and each license is
used by the  Seller or the  Company  in  accordance  with its  terms;  (ii)
neither the Seller nor the Company has received written notice or otherwise
has  knowledge  that  any  of the  Intellectual  Property  or the  Licensed
Intellectual  Property is being  infringed upon or  appropriated by others;
(iii) all  Trademarks  which have been applied for or registered  have been
registered  or applied for in the name of the Seller,  and will be assigned
by the Seller to the  Company,  and any  registrations  have been  properly
maintained  and renewed in accordance  with all applicable  Laws;  (iv) all
patents  which have been  applied for have been  applied for in the name of
the Seller and will be assigned to the Company and have been  maintained in
accordance  with all  applicable  Laws; (v) the Seller and the Company have
been  and  are  taking  all  reasonable  steps  necessary  to  prevent  any
impairment  of the right of the  Company to use the  Intellectual  Property
Rights and the Licensed Intellectual Property which are used in the conduct
of the Business; (vi) the Seller and/or the Company has filed all necessary
renewals, extensions,  affidavits of continued use and/or incontestability,
and has paid all necessary fees associated therewith, necessary to maintain
any  Intellectual  Property  which are used in the conduct of the Business;
(vii) to the Seller's knowledge,  the Intellectual Property (except pending
patent applications) and Licensed  Intellectual  Property is not subject to
any outstanding order, ruling,  decree,  judgment or stipulation by or with
any  Authority;  (viii) no  dispute or  litigation  is  pending,  or to the
knowledge  of the Seller,  threatened,  with respect to the Seller's or the
Company's use of any of the Intellectual  Property or Licensed Intellectual
Property;  (ix)  neither the Seller nor the Company is obligated to pay any
amount,  whether as a royalty,  license fee or other payment, to any person
in order to use any of the  Intellectual  Property  and in  respect  of all
Licensed  Intellectual  Property  which  requires  payment  to be made such
payment has been made in accordance with the terms of the relevant license;
(x) the conduct of the  Business has not and does not infringe or otherwise
conflict with, any intellectual property rights of any third party; (xi) to
the Seller's  knowledge,  the Seller or the Company has  sufficient  right,
title and ownership of all  Intellectual  Property and sufficient  Licensed
Intellectual  Property  necessary  for the conduct of the  Business;  (xii)
neither the Seller,  Rainin nor the Company has granted or is  obligated to
grant any licenses or assign any rights of any Intellectual  Property;  and
(xiii) no independent  contractor and no person other than employees of the
Seller or the Company has been  engaged to prepare,  maintain or modify any
proprietary  software or computer programs used in relation to the Business
except under written  obligations to treat as confidential  all information
regarding the Business  thereby obtained and to assign to the Seller or the
Company  the full  ownership  and  other  right to use  such  software  and
computer programs without payment, limit in time or other restriction.

     2.13 Contracts.
          ---------

          (a) The following Contracts are identified on Schedule 2.13:

               (i) any written employment or consulting agreement, contract
          or offer letter with a key employee or consultant or  salesperson
          or consulting or sales agreement that is not terminable "at will"
          by the Seller or the Company;

               (ii) any Contract with customers creating annual revenues to
          the Seller or the Company of $500,000 or more, or with  suppliers
          calling  for  payment by the  Seller or the  Company in excess of
          $500,000 per year;

               (iii)  any  Contract  with  any  non-employee  sales  agent,
          distributor or representative;

               (iv) any agreement containing a grant to or by the Seller or
          the  Company  of any  sole  or  exclusive  rights  to deal in the
          Seller's or the Company's products or services as such relates to
          territory, product, service, or type of customer or supplier;

               (v) any  collective  bargaining  agreement  with  any  labor
          union;

               (vi) any  Contract  granting  to any  person a right at such
          person's  option to  purchase or acquire any asset or property of
          the Seller or the Company other than Inventory;

               (vii) any joint venture,  consortium or partnership Contract
          with any person;

               (viii) any research,  development or  cooperation  agreement
          with any person;

               (ix) any indenture,  mortgage,  loan, note, bond, debenture,
          or other evidence of  indebtedness  valued at more than $100,000,
          any credit,  loan,  overdraft  facility or similar Contract under
          which the Seller or the Company has borrowed more than  $100,000;
          any  guarantee  of or  agreement  to acquire any such  obligation
          (without  reference  to amount),  or  agreement  to  guarantee or
          acquire any  liability  of any other  person,  or any loan by the
          Seller or the  Company to any other  Person  (other than loans to
          employees of the Seller or the Company of less than $10,000);

               (x) any  contract for the  building or  modification  of any
          building or structure, or for the incurrence of any other capital
          expenditure which is reasonably  estimated to involve $500,000 or
          more;

               (xi)  any  contract  relating  to  the  Seller  Leased  Real
          Property  located  in  Oakland,  California  to be  leased by the
          Company;

               (xii) any Contract that  restricts the Seller or the Company
          from entering into any new or existing line of business,  or that
          contains  geographic  restrictions  on the  Company's  ability to
          conduct its business activities;

               (xiii) any  Contract  which by its terms:  (A)  entitles any
          party thereto (other than the Seller or the Company) to terminate
          it in the event of any  change  in the  underlying  ownership  or
          control  or  management  of the  Seller  or the  Company,  or (B)
          entitles such party to renegotiate  the terms or otherwise  alter
          the operation or duration thereof in the event of any such change
          except for those  Contracts or arrangements as to which the other
          party may terminate without cause;

               (xiv)  any   Contract   relating  to  the   acquisition   or
          disposition  of assets  valued at  $1,000,000  or more (by way of
          merger,  consolidation,  purchase,  sale or otherwise) other than
          the  acquisition or disposition of assets in the Ordinary  Course
          of Business and other than as  contemplated  by this Agreement or
          the Transfer Documents;

               (xv)  any  other  Contract  not in the  Ordinary  Course  of
          Business that involves $100,000 or more.

          (b) Except as set forth in Schedule  2.13(b),  (i) each  Contract
with a value of  $100,000  or more is valid,  in full  force and effect and
enforceable in accordance  with its terms,  (ii) the Company and the Seller
have  complied in all  material  respects  with the  provisions  of all the
Contracts  and are not in  default  thereunder,  and (iii) to the  Seller's
knowledge  there has not occurred any default by others or any event which,
with  notice,  the  lapse of time or both will  become a default  by others
under any of the Contracts with a value of $50,000 or more.

     2.14  Litigation.  Schedule  2.14  lists  all  unsatisfied  judgments,
orders,  decrees,  stipulations  and injunctions  against the Seller or the
Company.  Except as set forth in Schedule 2.14,  there is no action,  suit,
proceeding,  hearing or investigation that is currently pending,  or to the
Seller's knowledge threatened, against the Seller or the Company.

     2.15  Insurance.  Schedule  2.15  sets  forth (i) a list of all of the
policies of  insurance  and fidelity or surety  bonds  maintained,  held or
owned for the  benefit of the Seller or the  Company or their  assets;  and
(ii)  the  name of the  beneficiary  thereunder.  Except  as set  forth  in
Schedule 2.15,  such  insurance  coverage is adequate for the protection of
the Seller and the Company.  All such policies and other instruments are in
full force and effect and all premiums with respect thereto,  which are due
and payable as of the date of this Agreement, are reflected on the books of
the  Company.  Neither  the Seller nor the  Company  has failed to give any
notice or present  any claim under any  insurance  policy in due and timely
fashion or as required by any of such insurance  policies or has otherwise,
through any act,  omission or  nondisclosure,  jeopardized or impaired full
recovery  under such  policies.  Except as otherwise  set forth on Schedule
2.15,  there are no claims by the Seller or the  Company  under any of such
policies  as to  which  any  insurance  company  is  denying  liability  or
defending  under a  reservation  of rights or  similar  section.  Except as
otherwise  set forth on Schedule  2.15,  neither the Seller nor the Company
has received notice of any pending or threatened termination of any of such
policies  for  the  current  policy  period  with  respect  to any of  such
policies.

     2.16 Employees and Employee Benefits.
          -------------------------------

          (a) Employee Plans

               (i)  Schedule  2.16(a)(i)  contains a list of each  Employee
Plan. The Company has no plan or  commitment,  whether  legally  binding or
not, to establish or to enter into any new Employee Plan or to modify or to
terminate any Employee Plan or the funding  thereof,  nor has any intention
to do any of the foregoing been communicated to Employees.

               (ii) Rainin and the Company have  performed all  obligations
required  to be  performed  by them under each  Employee  Plan and (A) each
Employee Plan has been  established  and maintained in accordance  with its
terms and in compliance in all material  respects with all applicable laws,
statutes, orders, rules and regulations, including but not limited to ERISA
and the Code,  (B) each Employee Plan intended to qualify under Section 401
of the Code is,  and  since its  inception  has been,  so  qualified  and a
determination  letter has been issued by the Internal  Revenue Service (the
"IRS") to the effect that each such  Employee Plan is so qualified and that
each  trust  forming a part of any such  Employee  Plan is exempt  from tax
pursuant  to  Section  501(a) of the Code;  (C) no  non-exempt  "prohibited
transaction," within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406
of ERISA, has occurred with respect to any Employee Plan; (D) each Employee
Plan can be amended, terminated or otherwise discontinued without liability
to the Company;  (E) to the  knowledge of the Seller,  no Employee  Plan is
under audit or  investigation  by the IRS, the  Department  of Labor or the
Pension Benefit Guaranty  Corporation,  and to the knowledge of the Seller,
no such audit or investigation is pending or threatened;  and (F) there are
no actions, proceedings, suits or claims pending, threatened or anticipated
(other than routine claims for benefits)  against the Seller or the Company
by or in respect of any Employee arising out of any Employee Plan.

               (iii)  Except  as set  forth on  Schedule  2.16(a)(iii),  no
Employee Plan provides, nor does the Company have any liability to provide,
life insurance,  medical or other employee welfare benefits to any Employee
upon his or her  retirement or  termination  of  employment,  except to the
extent  required  by law.  Schedule  2.16(a)(iii)  sets  forth  a  complete
description  of all such benefits being provided to any persons who are not
Current Employees (as herein defined).

               (iv) Neither the Seller nor the Company sponsors, maintains,
contributes  to, or is required to contribute to, nor has the Seller or the
Company ever  sponsored,  maintained,  contributed  to, or been required to
contribute to, an Employee Plan which is subject to Title IV of ERISA.

     (b)  Employees

               (i) No work stoppage or labor strike  against the Company is
pending,  anticipated  or to the Seller's  knowledge  threatened.  No labor
union is conducting any union organizing  activities with respect to any of
the  Employees.  The Company is not  presently a party to, or bound by, any
collective   bargaining   agreement  or  union  contract  with  respect  to
Employees,  and no  collective  bargaining  agreement,  union  contract  or
recognition agreement is currently being negotiated.

               (ii)  Except as set forth on Schedule  2.16(b)(ii),  neither
the Seller nor the Company has had a complaint  made to it by any  Employee
in relation to  discrimination  on the basis of race,  sex or disability or
otherwise or in its remuneration rates and policies, promotion policies and
practices,  employment  conditions  or practices in the last two (2) years.
Except as set forth on  Schedule  2.16(b)(ii),  neither  the Seller nor the
Company is involved in or, to the Seller's  knowledge,  threatened with any
dispute,  grievance,  or  litigation  relating  to  the  employment  of the
Employees, safety or discrimination matters involving any Employee, in each
case including, without limitation,  violation of any federal, state, local
or foreign labor or employment laws.

               (iii) Schedule  2.16(b)(iii) sets forth the name,  position,
title or function, and the salary or wages and commission entitlement, date
of birth and date of commencement of employment of each Current Employee as
of  the  date  of  this   Agreement.   Except  as  set  forth  in  Schedule
2.16(b)(iii),  no exempt  Current  Employee  has notified the Seller or the
Company  of  his  or  her  intention  to  resign  or  retire.  There  is no
outstanding   commitment  to  increase  the  remuneration  of  any  Current
Employee.  Except as set forth on Schedule 2.16(b)(iii),  the execution of,
and performance of the transactions contemplated by, this Agreement and the
Transfer  Documents  will not (either  alone or upon the  occurrence of any
additional or subsequent events) (i) constitute an event under any Employee
Plan or Employee  Agreement that will or may result in any payment (whether
of severance  pay or  otherwise),  forgiveness  of  indebtedness,  vesting,
distribution,  increase in benefits or  obligation  to fund  benefits  with
respect  to any  Employee,  or any  obligation  to make  payment to any Tax
Authority,   or  (ii)  result  in  the  triggering  or  imposition  of  any
restrictions  or  limitations  on the  right  of the  Company  to  amend or
terminate  any  Employee  Plan and  receive  the full  amount of any excess
assets  remaining or resulting from such amendment or termination,  subject
to applicable  taxes.  Schedule  2.16(b)(iii)  lists each  arrangement  the
benefits of which are contingent,  or the terms of which are altered,  upon
the  occurrence  of a  transaction  of  the  nature  contemplated  by  this
Agreement or the Transfer  Documents.  No payment or benefit  which will or
may be  made by the  Company  or the  Seller,  or any of  their  respective
Affiliates with respect to any Employee will be characterized as an "excess
parachute payment," within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(1) of the Code.

               (iv) Each of the Company and the Seller (A) is in compliance
in all material  respects with all applicable Laws  respecting  employment,
employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and hours, in each
case, with respect to Employees;  (b) has withheld all amounts  required by
law or by  agreement  to be  withheld  from the wages,  salaries  and other
payments  to  Employees;  (C) is not liable for any arrears of wages or any
Taxes or any penalty for failure to comply with any of the  foregoing;  and
(D) is not  liable  for any  payment  to any trust or other  fund or to any
governmental  or  administrative  authority,  with respect to  unemployment
compensation  benefits,  social  security or other  benefits for  Employees
other than in the Ordinary Course of Business.

     2.17 Intentionally Omitted.
          ---------------------

     2.18 Environmental Matters.   Except as set forth in Schedule 2.18:

          (a) The Company,  the Seller and the  operations  of the Business
have  been  and  are  in  compliance  in all  material  respects  with  all
applicable  Environmental Laws, which compliance includes the possession by
the  Seller  and  the  Company  of  all  permits  and  other   governmental
authorizations required under applicable Environmental Laws, and compliance
with the terms and conditions  thereof.  Neither the Seller nor the Company
has received any notice or other communication, whether from a governmental
body, citizens group,  employee or other third party, that alleges that the
Seller or the Company is not in compliance with any Environmental Law, and,
to the Seller's  knowledge,  there are no circumstances that may prevent or
interfere  with  the  compliance  by the  Seller  or the  Company  with any
Environmental Law in the future.

          (b) All property  that is leased to or owned by the Seller or the
Company,  and all  surface  water,  groundwater  and soil  under or on such
property,  is  free  of any  material  environmental  contamination  of any
nature. None of the property leased to or used by the Seller or the Company
contains any septic tanks in which  process  wastewater or any Materials of
Environmental Concern have been disposed. None of the property leased to or
owned by the Seller or the Company contains any underground storage tanks.

          (c) To the Seller's knowledge, neither the Seller nor the Company
has  ever  sent or  transported,  or  arranged  to send or  transport,  any
Materials  of  Environmental  Concern  to a  site  that,  pursuant  to  any
applicable   Environmental  Law  (i)  has  been  placed  on  the  "National
Priorities  List" of hazardous  waste sites or any similar state list, (ii)
is otherwise  designated or identified as a potential site for remediation,
cleanup,  closure or other  environmental  remedial  activity,  or (iii) is
subject to a Legal  Requirement to take  "removal" or "remedial"  action as
detailed in any  applicable  Environmental  Law or to make  payment for the
cost of cleaning up the site.

          (d) For purposes of this Section 2.18:  (i)  "Environmental  Law"
means any  existing  federal,  state,  local or  foreign  Law  relating  to
pollution  or  protection  of human  health or the  environment  (including
ambient air,  surface  water,  ground  water,  land  surface or  subsurface
strata), including any law or regulation relating to emissions, discharges,
releases or threatened  releases of Materials of Environmental  Concern, or
otherwise  relating  to the  manufacture,  processing,  distribution,  use,
treatment,  storage,  disposal,  transport  or  handling  of  Materials  of
Environmental  Concern;  and  (ii)  "Materials  of  Environmental  Concern"
include  chemicals,  pollutants,  contaminants,  wastes,  toxic substances,
petroleum  and  petroleum  products  and any  other  substance  that is now
regulated by any Environmental Law or that is otherwise a danger to health,
reproduction or the environment.)

     2.19 Services.
          --------

          (a) Neither  the Seller nor the  Company has sold or  distributed
any products or performed any services which did not materially  comply (i)
with any express or implied  warranties or  representations  made by, or on
behalf of the  Seller or the  Company,  or (ii) with all  applicable  Laws,
legislation, standards and requirements, or which could otherwise give rise
to a claim for  warranty  or for  damages.  Except as set forth on Schedule
2.19 or  Schedule  2.14,  no  litigation  has been  threatened,  commenced,
settled or concluded in the past two (2) years which  involves an assertion
inconsistent with the preceding sentence.

          (b) The Seller and the Company use  commercially  reasonable best
efforts, consistent with industry standards and market conditions to ensure
that  services  sold by the Seller or the Company are sold and  supplied on
the  Seller's  standard  terms  and  conditions  for sale or supply of such
services.

     2.20 Books and  Records.  The books and  records of the Seller and the
Company have been  maintained in accordance  with  commercially  reasonable
business practices.

     2.21 Affiliate Transactions.
          ----------------------

          (a) Schedule  2.21(a)  sets forth all  Contracts  and  agreements
valued at more than  $60,000  between  the  Company on the one hand and the
Seller or any of the Seller's  Affiliates,  on the other hand, currently in
effect,  and all  Contracts  and  agreements  valued at more  than  $60,000
between the Seller on the one hand and Rainin or Seller's Affiliates on the
other hand. All of such  obligations  have been incurred on an arm's-length
basis.

          (b)  The  Seller  and  Rainin  have  no  (other  than  its or his
ownership  interest  in the  Company  or the  Seller)  direct  or  indirect
interest in any liquid handling business;  provided however, that ownership
of no more than five  percent  (5%) of the  outstanding  voting  stock of a
publicly traded  corporation  shall not be deemed an interest in any entity
for purposes of this Section 2.21.

     2.22 Customers and Suppliers.  Except as set forth on Schedule 2.22:

          (a) The Seller has no knowledge of any termination,  cancellation
or threatened  termination  or  cancellation  of or  limitation  of, or any
material  modification or change in, or material  dissatisfaction with, the
business  relationship  between  the Seller or the  Company  and any of the
significant  customers  of the  Seller or the  Company.  The  Seller has no
knowledge that any significant  customer of the Seller or the Company might
prior to or as a result of the Closing or otherwise  cease to contract with
the Company or might substantially reduce its business with the Company.

          (b) The Seller has no knowledge of any termination,  cancellation
or threatened  termination or cancellation of, or any material modification
or change in, or material  dissatisfaction  with, the business relationship
between the Seller or the Company and any of its significant suppliers. The
Seller has no knowledge that any significant  supplier of the Seller or the
Company  intends  to cease to  contract  with or supply to the  Company  or
intends to substantially reduce its business with the Company.

     2.23 Legal Compliance. The Seller and the Company are in compliance in
all material  respects  with all Laws that are  applicable to the Business.
Neither the Seller nor the Company has received any notice or communication
from any Authority alleging noncompliance with any applicable Laws.

     2.24  Broker's and Finder's  Fee.  Neither the Seller,  Rainin nor the
Company has employed any broker,  finder,  consultant  or  intermediary  in
connection with the transactions  contemplated by this Agreement that would
be  entitled  to a  broker's,  finder's  or similar  fee or  commission  in
connection  therewith  which  was or will be  payable  by the  Seller,  the
Company or the Buyer.

     2.25 Banking Facilities and Powers of Attorney.
          -----------------------------------------

          (a) Schedule 2.25(a) sets forth a list of:

               (i)  each  bank,  savings  and  loan  or  similar  financial
     institution at which the Seller or the Company has an account,  safety
     deposit box, line of credit or credit  facility and the numbers of the
     accounts  or safety  deposit  boxes  maintained  by the  Seller or the
     Company thereat; and

               (ii) the  names of all  persons  authorized  to draw on each
     such account or to have access to any such safety deposit box or other
     facility.

          (b)  Except  as set  forth  in  Schedule  2.25(b),  there  are no
outstanding  powers of  attorney  executed  on behalf of the  Seller or the
Company.

         2.26 Disclosure. To Seller's knowledge, no representation or
warranty by the Seller and Rainin contained in this Agreement, and no
statement contained in the Schedules or any other document, certificate or
other instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement contains any untrue
statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact necessary,
in light of the circumstances under which it was made, in order to make the
statements herein or therein not misleading.

                                ARTICLE III
            REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE BUYER AND MTII

     The Buyer and MTII  represent  and warrant to the Seller and Rainin as
follows:

     3.1  Organization.
          ------------

          (a) The Buyer is a corporation  duly organized,  validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware. Buyer has the
corporate  power to own its  properties and to carry on its business as now
being  conducted and as currently  contemplated to be conducted and is duly
qualified  or  licensed  to do  business  and is in good  standing  in each
jurisdiction in which the failure to be so qualified or licensed would have
a Material Adverse Effect on Buyer.

          (b) MTII is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in
good  standing  under  the  laws of the  State  of  Delaware.  MTII has the
corporate  power to own its  properties and to carry on its business as now
being  conducted and as currently  contemplated to be conducted and is duly
qualified  or  licensed  to do  business  and is in good  standing  in each
jurisdiction in which the failure to be so qualified or licensed would have
a Material Adverse Effect on MTII.

     3.2  Authorization  of  Transaction.  The  Buyer  and  MTII  have  all
requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the
ancillary  agreements  contemplated hereby and to perform their obligations
hereunder and thereunder.  The execution and delivery of this Agreement and
the ancillary agreements  contemplated hereby by the Buyer and MTII and the
performance  thereof  and the  consummation  by the  Buyer  and MTII of the
transactions  contemplated  hereby and  thereby  have been duly and validly
authorized by all necessary  corporate  action on the part of the Buyer and
MTII and no  further  action  is  required  on the part of Buyer or MTII to
authorize the Agreement and any ancillary agreements to which it is a party
and the transactions  contemplated  hereby and thereby.  This Agreement has
been duly and  validly  executed  and  delivered  by the Buyer and MTII and
constitutes the legal,  valid and binding obligation of the Buyer and MTII,
assuming  the due and valid  authorization,  execution  and delivery by the
Seller and Rainin,  enforceable  against them in accordance with its terms,
except  to the  extent  that  such  enforceability  (i) may be  limited  by
bankruptcy,  insolvency,  relief  of  debtors  or other  laws  relating  to
creditors  rights  generally  and (ii) is subject to general  principles of
equity, including the discretion of a court in granting equitable remedies.
No vote of the  stockholders  or approval of the New York Stock Exchange is
required to enter into this  Agreement,  any of the  ancillary  agreements,
issue the Mettler Stock or to close the  transaction  contemplated  by this
agreement,  but the  listing of the  Mettler  Stock with the New York Stock
Exchange  will require the  submission  and  acceptance  of a  Supplemental
Listing Application.

     3.3  Noncontravention.  Neither  the  execution  and  delivery of this
Agreement or the ancillary agreements  contemplated hereby by the Buyer and
MTII,  nor the  consummation  by the  Buyer  and  MTII of the  transactions
contemplated  hereby or thereby,  will (a) (i) conflict with or violate any
provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, as amended or By-laws of the
Buyer or MTII,  (ii) violate,  conflict  with, or result in a breach of, or
default or loss of benefit under,  or give rise to a right of  termination,
acceleration,  modification or  cancellation  under, or require any notice,
consent  or  waiver  under,  any  contract,   lease,   sublease,   license,
sublicense,  franchise,  permit,  instrument of  indebtedness or agreement,
obligation  or commitment to which the Buyer or MTII is a party or by which
it or its  assets is bound,  or (iii)  violate or result in the loss of any
benefit  under any  provision of any  applicable  Law to which the Buyer or
MTII is  subject,  (b) except for the filing  required  pursuant to the HSR
Act,  the  filing   contemplated  by  Section  6.2  and  the  filing  of  a
supplemental listing application with the New York Stock Exchange,  require
on the part of the Buyer or MTII any filing with, or permit, authorization,
consent or approval of, any  Authority or give any  Authority  the right to
challenge any of the  transactions  contemplated  by this  Agreement or the
ancillary  agreements  contemplated hereby, or (c) violate any order, writ,
injunction,  decree,  statute,  rule or regulation applicable to the Buyer,
MTII or any of their respective properties or assets.

     3.4 Brokers' Fees. The Buyer has no liability or obligation to pay any
fees or  commissions  to any  broker,  finder or agent with  respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

     3.5  Mettler  Stock.  The  Mettler  Stock to be  issued by MTII to the
Seller  pursuant  to  this  Agreement  has  been  duly   authorized.   Upon
consummation  of the  transactions  contemplated  by  this  Agreement,  the
Mettler  Stock to be issued at the Closing  will be validly  issued,  fully
paid and nonassessable. Upon fulfillment of the conditions specified herein
concerning  the  Contingent  Payment,  the  Mettler  Stock to be  issued in
connection therewith will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

     3.6 SEC Documents;  Financial Statements.  Buyer has made available to
Seller and Rainin a true and complete  copy of each annual,  quarterly  and
other report, registration statement and proxy statement filed by MTII with
the  Securities and Exchange  Commission  (the "SEC") since January 1, 2000
(the "MTII SEC DOCUMENTS").  As of their respective  filing dates, the MTII
SEC Documents  complied with the requirements of the Securities Act and the
Securities  Exchange Act of 1934 (the "EXCHANGE  ACT"), as the case may be,
and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated  thereunder applicable
to such MTII SEC  Documents.  The financial  statements of MTII included in
the MTII SEC Documents  (the "MTII  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS")  complied as to
form with the  published  rules  and  regulations  of the SEC with  respect
thereto,  were  prepared in  accordance  with GAAP  applied on a consistent
basis throughout the periods  indicated  (except as may be indicated in the
notes  thereto  or,  in the  case of  unaudited  financial  statements,  as
permitted under Form 10-Q under the Exchange Act) and fairly  presented the
consolidated  financial position of MTII and its consolidated  subsidiaries
as of the respective dates thereof and the  consolidated  results of MTII's
operations and cash flows for the periods indicated  (subject,  in the case
of  unaudited   statements,   to  normal  and  recurring   year-end   audit
adjustments).

     3.7 No Undisclosed.  Liabilities  MTII has no liability, indebtedness,
obligation,  expense,  claim,  deficiency,  guaranty or  endorsement of any
type, whether accrued, absolute,  contingent,  matured, unmatured or other,
which as of the date of the latest  balance sheet  included in the MTII SEC
Documents  were of a type  required by GAAP to be  reflected  in the latest
balance sheet and were not so reflected in the latest balance sheet,  or if
incurred  after  such  date,  are of such a  nature  as to  require  prompt
disclosure thereof under the Exchange Act.

     3.8 Certain Events.  Since the date of the last balance sheet included
in the MTII SEC Documents,  MTII has not experienced any event or condition
of any  character  that would be required to be reported on Form 8-K of the
Exchange Act.

     3.9 No  Litigation.  Except as  reflected  in the MTII SEC  Documents,
there is no  material  action,  suit,  claim or  proceeding  of any  nature
pending or threatened  against  MTII,  its  properties  or assets  (whether
tangible or intangible),or any of its officers.

     3.10 Disclosure.  To Buyer's knowledge,  no representation or warranty
by the Buyer contained in this Agreement, and no statement contained in the
Schedules,  MTII SEC Documents or any other document,  certificate or other
instrument  delivered  pursuant  to  this  Agreement  contains  any  untrue
statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact necessary,
in light of the circumstances under which it was made, in order to make the
statements herein or therein not misleading.

     3.11 Investment Representation.  The Units are being acquired by Buyer
for its own  account  for  investment,  and not  with a view to the sale or
distribution of any part thereof without  registration under the Securities
Act or pursuant to an applicable exemption therefrom.

     3.12  Capitalization.  The share  capital of MTII as of September  30,
2001 consists of 125,000,000  authorized common shares, par value $0.01 per
share,  40,157,813  of which are issued  and  outstanding,  and  10,000,000
authorized  preferred shares,  par value $0.01 per share, none of which are
issued and outstanding. At September 30, 2001 there are outstanding options
to purchase 4,329,372 common shares of MTII. Except as set forth herein, as
of September 30, 2001 there are no outstanding  securities convertible into
or  exchangeable  for or carrying  the right to acquire any equity or other
security of any  description  of MTII and no outstanding  options,  rights,
warrants or other  agreements or commitments that relate to, or require the
issuance,  sale or other  disposition of, any equity or other securities of
any description of MTII.

                                 ARTICLE IV
                           CONDITIONS TO CLOSING

     4.1 Conditions to Obligations of Each Party to Effect the Transaction.
The respective  obligations of the Seller and Rainin and the Buyer and MTII
to effect the transaction  shall be subject to the satisfaction at or prior
to the Closing Date of the following conditions:

          (a) California  Permit.  The California  Commissioner  shall have
approved the terms and conditions of the transactions  contemplated by this
Agreement,  and the  fairness  of such  terms and  conditions  following  a
hearing  pursuant to Section 25142 of the California  Corporate  Securities
Law of 1968 for such purpose, and shall have issued a California Permit.

          (b)  No  Order.   No  Authority   shall  have  enacted,   issued,
promulgated,  enforced or entered any statute, rule, regulation,  executive
order, decree, injunction or other order (whether temporary, preliminary or
permanent)  which is in  effect  and which  has the  effect  of making  the
transaction   illegal  or  otherwise   prohibiting   consummation   of  the
transaction.

          (c)  No  Injunctions  or  Restraints;  Illegality.  No  temporary
restraining  order,  preliminary  or  permanent  injunction  or other order
issued by any court of competent  jurisdiction  or other legal restraint or
prohibition  (i) preventing  the  consummation  of the  transaction or (ii)
materially  adversely  affecting the right of the Buyer to own,  operate or
control  any of the  material  assets  of the  Company  or to  conduct  the
Business  as  currently  conducted  shall  be  in  effect,  nor  shall  any
proceeding seeking or resulting in any of the foregoing be pending.

          (d) HSR Act.  All waiting  periods  under the HSR Act relating to
the transactions  contemplated hereby will have expired or terminated early
and all material foreign antitrust  approvals required to be obtained prior
to the transaction in connection with the transactions  contemplated hereby
shall have been obtained.  (e) Other Agreements.  The Buyer and the Company
shall  have   executed  and   delivered   the  Asset   Purchase   Agreement
(Inventory/Accounts  Receivable)  substantially  in the form of  Exhibit  A
hereto and shall have  consummated the transactions  contemplated  thereby,
and the Buyer,  the Seller and the Escrow Agent shall have entered into the
Escrow Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto.

          (f)  Employment  Agreements.  The Company  and Rainin  shall have
entered into an  employment  agreement in  substantially  the form attached
hereto as  Exhibit  C. The  Company  shall  have  entered  into  employment
agreements with each of Edward Weinsoff, David Lemieux, James Petrek, Henri
Chahine and Richard  Wallner in  substantially  the form attached hereto as
Exhibit D.

          (g) Leases. The Company and the Seller or KR Properties, Inc., as
relevant,  shall have entered into leases with respect to the Seller Leased
Real  Property,  in  accordance  with the term  sheets  attached  hereto as
Exhibit E and otherwise reasonably  acceptable to the Seller and the Buyer.

     4.2 Conditions to Obligations of the Buyer and MTII. The obligation of
the Buyer and MTII to consummate the  transactions to be performed by it in
connection  with the Closing is subject to the  satisfaction,  or waiver by
the Buyer and MTII, of the following conditions:

          (a)  Consents and  Waivers.  The Seller at its own expense  shall
have  obtained the consent of PTI to the  transaction  contemplated  by the
Transfer Documents and the change of control of the Company contemplated by
this Agreement.

          (b)  Representations  and  Warranties.  The  representations  and
warranties  of the  Seller and Rainin set forth in Article II shall be true
and correct in all material  respects at and as of the  Closing;  provided,
however,  that such  representations and warranties that address matters as
of a particular date shall be true and correct in all material  respects as
of such particular date; provided further, that for purposes of determining
the accuracy of such  representations  and  warranties for purposes of this
Section  4.2(b)  only,  (i) any  inaccuracy  that does not have a  Material
Adverse Effect on the Seller or the Company shall be disregarded,  (ii) any
inaccuracy  that  results  from or relates to general  business or economic
conditions shall be disregarded,  (iii) any inaccuracy that results from or
relates to conditions  generally  affecting the industry in which Seller or
the Company  competes shall be  disregarded,  and (iv) any inaccuracy  that
results from or relates to the announcement or pendency of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement shall be disregarded.

          (c)  Covenants.  The Seller and Rainin  shall have  performed  or
complied in all material  respects with its or his agreements and covenants
required to be  performed  or complied  with under this  Agreement as of or
prior to the Closing.

          (d) No Material Adverse Change. There shall have been no material
adverse  change in the financial  condition or results of operations of the
Seller or the Company since the date of this Agreement;  provided, however,
that for  purposes of  determining  whether  there shall have been any such
material adverse change,  (i) any adverse change resulting from or relating
to general business or economic  conditions shall be disregarded,  (ii) any
adverse change resulting from or relating to conditions generally affecting
the  industry  in  which  the  Seller  or the  Company  competes  shall  be
disregarded,  (iii) any adverse  change  resulting  from or relating to the
announcement  or  pendency  of  this   transaction  or  any  of  the  other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be disregarded,  and (iv)
any adverse  change  resulting from or relating to the taking of any action
contemplated by this Agreement shall be disregarded.

          (e)  Compliance  Certificate.  The Seller shall have delivered to
the  Buyer  a  certificate  (without   qualification  as  to  knowledge  or
materiality  or  otherwise)  to the  effect  that  each  of the  conditions
specified  in clauses (a) through (d) of this  Section 4.2 is  satisfied in
all respects.

          (f) Opinion of Counsel to Seller.  The Buyer shall have  received
from  counsel to the Seller and Rainin an opinion  dated as of the  Closing
Date in a form reasonably acceptable to Buyer;

          (g) Closing Certificates.  The Buyer shall have received from the
Seller and the Company all customary closing  certificates as it shall have
requested at least 3 days prior to Closing.

     4.3 Conditions to Obligations of the Seller and Rainin. The obligation
of the Seller and Rainin to consummate the  transactions to be performed by
it or him in connection with the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, or
waiver by the Seller and Rainin, of the following conditions:

          (a) Consents and Waivers.  The Buyer and MTII shall have obtained
at their own expense all of the waivers,  permits,  consents,  approvals or
other authorizations from third parties and Authorities and effected all of
the  registrations,  filings  and  notices  with  or to  third  parties  or
Authorities  as may be  necessary or desirable to permit the Buyer and MTII
to  consummate  the  transactions  contemplated  by this  Agreement and the
ancillary agreements contemplated hereby.

          (b)  Representations  and  Warranties.  The  representations  and
warranties of the Buyer and MTII set forth in Article III shall be true and
correct  in all  material  respects  at and  as of the  Closing;  provided,
however,  that such  representations and warranties that address matters as
of a particular date shall be true and correct in all material  respects as
of such particular date; provided, further that for purposes of determining
the accuracy of such  representations  and  warranties,  (i) any inaccuracy
that does not have a Material  Adverse Effect on the Buyer or MTII shall be
disregarded,  (ii) any  inaccuracy  that results from or relates to general
business or economic conditions shall be disregarded,  (iii) any inaccuracy
that results from or relates to conditions generally affecting the industry
in  which  Buyer  or MTII  competes  shall  be  disregarded,  and  (iv) any
inaccuracy  that  results  from or  relates  to the  taking  of any  action
contemplated by this Agreement shall be disregarded.

          (c)  Covenants.  The  Buyer  and MTII  shall  have  performed  or
complied  in all  material  respects  with  its  agreements  and  covenants
required to be  performed  or complied  with under this  Agreement as of or
prior to the Closing.

          (d)  Compliance  Certificate.  The  Buyer  and  MTII  shall  have
delivered  to  the  Seller  a  certificate  (without  qualification  as  to
knowledge  or  materiality  or  otherwise)  to the effect  that each of the
conditions  specified in clauses (a), (b), (c), (f) and (g) of this Section
4.3 is satisfied in all respects.

          (e) Closing Certificates. The Seller shall have received from the
Buyer all customary closing  certificates as Seller shall have requested at
least 3 days prior to Closing.

          (f) No Material Adverse Change. There shall have been no material
adverse  change in the financial  condition or results of operations of the
Buyer or MTII since the date of this Agreement; provided, however, that for
purposes of  determining  whether  there shall have been any such  material
adverse  change,  (i) any  adverse  change  resulting  from or  relating to
general  business or economic  conditions  shall be  disregarded,  (ii) any
adverse change resulting from or relating to conditions generally affecting
the  industry  in which the Buyer or MTII  competes  shall be  disregarded,
(iii) any adverse change  resulting from or relating to the announcement or
pendency of this transaction or any of the other transactions  contemplated
by this  Agreement  shall  be  disregarded,  and (iv)  any  adverse  change
resulting from or relating to the taking of any action contemplated by this
Agreement shall be disregarded.

          (g)  Listing.  The  Mettler  Stock shall have been  accepted  for
listing on the New York Stock Exchange.

          (h) Opinions of Counsel to Buyer.  The Seller shall have received
from counsel to the Buyer and MTII opinions dated as of the Closing Date in
forms reasonably acceptable to Seller.

                                 ARTICLE V
                           PRE-CLOSING COVENANTS

     5.1 Conduct of Business. From the date hereof and continuing until the
earlier of the termination of this Agreement or the Closing Date, except as
required to effect the transactions  contemplated by the Transfer Documents
and  except  as  contemplated  by  this  Agreement  or the  Asset  Purchase
Agreement  (Inventory/Accounts  Receivable),  or to the  extent  that Buyer
shall otherwise consent in writing, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld and shall be deemed  delivered by Buyer if Buyer has not responded
to the  Seller's  written  request for  consent  within five (5) days after
receiving such Seller request,  the Seller will cause the Business (whether
conducted  by the Seller or the  Company) to be  conducted  in the Ordinary
Course of Business (including, without limitation, using their commercially
reasonable best efforts consistent with past practices to keep the business
relationships and goodwill with lessors,  suppliers,  customers,  employees
and representatives).  In addition, except as set forth in Schedule 5.1, as
required to effect the transactions contemplated by the Transfer Documents,
the  Asset  Purchase  Agreement  (Inventory/Accounts  Receivable)  or  this
Agreement,  or as  otherwise  agreed to in  writing  (or  acquiesced  to in
accordance  with this Section 5.1) by the Buyer,  the Seller will cause the
Company:

          (a)  Not  to  enter  into  any  new  employment,   consulting  or
collective  bargaining  agreements,  not  to  grant  any  increases  in the
compensation payable to any Employees of the Seller (in connection with the
Business) or the Company outside of the Ordinary Course of Business and not
to make any  change in any  Employee  Plan  except  (i)  increases  in cash
compensation made in the Ordinary Course of Business and (ii) the making of
bonuses to certain  Employees;  provided  that the Seller  will  advise the
Buyer in writing of any such  increases  in  compensation  or the making of
bonuses;

          (b) Not to enter into any  contract to provide  goods or services
at a price  substantially  less than the Seller's or the Company's existing
pricing;

          (c) Not to sell,  dispose of or  encumber  or  contract  to sell,
dispose  of or  encumber  any of the  material  assets of the Seller or the
Company other than the Excluded Assets,  sales of inventory in the Ordinary
Course of Business, and disposal of obsolete or non-functioning assets;

          (d) Not to make or enter into any contract or  agreement  for any
capital  expenditure  in excess  of  $250,000,  or enter  into any lease of
capital equipment or real estate with aggregate yearly rentals in excess of
$250,000;

          (e) Not to modify or amend in any material  respect or cancel any
material  Contract  relating to the Seller Leased Real Property  located in
Oakland, California;

          (f) Not to modify or amend in any material  respect or cancel any
of the Contracts  required to be disclosed in a Schedule hereto (other than
Contracts relating to the Oakland Facility) or take any action or incur any
liability  or  obligation  with  respect  to a  Contract  which if taken or
incurred  prior to the date hereof would be required to be disclosed in any
Schedule hereto, except in the Ordinary Course of Business;

          (g)  Not  to  make  any  change  in  arrangements  for  sourcing,
including without  limitation  payment  practices in connection  therewith,
which are adverse to the Company in any material respect;

          (h) Except as provided  in  subsection  (d) hereof,  not to incur
more than $100,000 of indebtedness,  except for normal payables incurred in
the Ordinary Course of Business,  and not to guarantee  indebtedness of any
third Person;

          (i) Not to issue, sell, redeem,  purchase or otherwise dispose of
or  acquire  any  membership   interests  of  the  Company  or  instruments
convertible into membership interests of the Company;

          (j) Not to  make  any  material  change  in  business  policy  or
practices (including,  without limitation,  concerning the payment of trade
payables),  credit criteria,  internal management  accounting principles or
practices;

          (k) Not to make any  amendments  to or  changes  in the  Seller's
certificate  of  incorporation  (other than changing the Seller's  name) or
by-laws or the Company's  Certificate  of Formation or Agreement of Limited
Liability Company;

          (l) Not to perform  any act,  or attempt to do any act, or permit
any omission to act,  which will knowingly  cause a material  breach of any
Contract;

          (m) Not to  waive  any  material  claim  or right or agree to any
settlement of a material matter; and

          (n) To  promptly  notify  the  Buyer of the  commencement  of any
litigation involving the Seller or the Company.

          Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  it is agreed  that prior to the
consummation of the Closing, the Company shall distribute to the Seller (i)
the  Company's  profits  accrued to the Closing  Date and (ii) the proceeds
received  by  the  Company   pursuant  to  the  Asset  Purchase   Agreement
(Inventory/Accounts Receivable) and the right or obligation of the Company,
as the case may be, to  receive a  Positive  Adjustment  Amount or to pay a
Negative  Adjustment  Amount,  each as defined in and pursuant to the Asset
Purchase Agreement (Inventory/Accounts Receivable).

     5.2 Transfer Documents.  Prior to the Closing Date, the Seller and the
Company  will  consummate  the  transactions  contemplated  by the Transfer
Documents.  All expenses  relating to the transactions  contemplated by the
Transfer Documents will be borne by the Seller.

     5.3  Representations and Warranties.
          ------------------------------

          (i) To the extent known by the Seller or Rainin, the Seller shall
promptly  notify  the Buyer in  writing  if any of the  representations  or
warranties in Article II should no longer be true in any material respect.

          (ii) To the extent  known by the Buyer or MTII,  the Buyer  shall
promptly  notify the Seller in  writing  if any of the  representations  or
warranties in Article III should no longer be true in any material respect.

     5.4 Inconsistent  Activities;  No Solicitation.  Unless and until this
Agreement has been  terminated  by its terms,  the Seller will not and will
cause the Company not to (a) solicit or entertain,  directly or indirectly,
any offer to  acquire  the Seller or the  Company  (whether  securities  or
assets) or their respective  assets (other than the Excluded  Assets),  (b)
afford  any  person  or  organization  that to  Seller's  knowledge  may be
considering  the  acquisition  of  the  Seller  or  the  Company   (whether
securities or assets(other than the Excluded Assets)) (other than the Buyer
and its  agents  and  advisors)  access  to the  Seller or the  Company  or
information  relating  thereto for that purpose,  or (c) negotiate or enter
into any agreement  with any other party  concerning the sale of the Seller
or the Company  (whether  securities  or assets  (other  than the  Excluded
Assets)).

     5.5 Access to Facilities and Documents.  Until the Closing Date or any
earlier  termination of this Agreement,  the Seller shall provide and shall
cause the  Company to provide  to the Buyer and its  counsel,  accountants,
auditors,  advisors,  consultants  and  other  representatives,  reasonable
access during normal  business hours to all relevant  management  personnel
of, and properties,  books, contracts, and records pertaining to the Seller
and the  Company  and  shall  furnish  the Buyer  with all such  financial,
business,  legal and other information concerning the affairs of the Seller
and the Company as the Buyer may reasonably request.


                                 ARTICLE VI
                           ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS.

     6.1  Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation.
          ------------------------------------

          (a) During the  Noncompetition  Period (as herein  defined),  the
Seller  and  Rainin  each  agree  not to  engage,  directly  or  indirectly
(including,  without limitation, any form of investment or funding), in any
business  relating to liquid  handling,  or otherwise  competitive with the
business  of the  Company  (as it exists  at the  termination  of  Rainin's
employment  with the Company) or the Relevant  Business (as herein defined)
of the Buyer; provided that the foregoing restriction shall not prevent the
Seller or Rainin from being the passive  owner of no more than five percent
(5%) of the stock of a  publicly  traded  company  which may engage in such
business.  "NONCOMPETITION  PERIOD"  means  the  period  commencing  on the
Closing  Date and  ending  five (5) years  after  termination  of  Rainin's
employment  with the  Company,  the  Buyer or their  Affiliates,  howsoever
occasioned. "RELEVANT BUSINESS" means (i) the design, manufacture, sale and
servicing of instruments in the lab balances and titration sectors and (ii)
areas of the  Buyer's  business  with  which the  Seller  or Rainin  become
knowledgeable  as a  result  of  strategic  or  product  development  tasks
performed by Rainin for the Buyer.

          (b) During the Noncompetition  Period, the Seller and Rainin each
agrees not to,  directly  or  indirectly,  solicit or attempt to induce any
employee of the Company to terminate his employment with the Company or any
Affiliate  of the  Company.  From and after the date  hereof  until two (2)
years after termination of Rainin's employment with the Company,  the Buyer
or any of their  Affiliates,  the  Seller and  Rainin  each  agrees not to,
directly or indirectly, hire or attempt to hire any employee of the Company
without the prior written consent of the Buyer.

          (c)  The  Seller  and  Rainin  each  hereby  acknowledges  that a
violation or  threatened  violation of the  covenants  set forth above will
cause  irreparable  damage to the Buyer,  its  Affiliates,  successors  and
assigns,  the exact amount of which would not be subject to  reasonable  or
accurate  ascertainment and,  therefore,  the Seller and Rainin each hereby
consents that in the event of such violation or threatened  violation,  the
Buyer,  its  Affiliates,  successors  and  assigns,  shall be  entitled  to
injunctive relief restraining the Seller and Rainin from violating the said
covenants,  said remedy,  however, to be cumulative and in addition to such
other remedies as the Buyer,  its Affiliates,  successors and assigns,  may
then be entitled to.

          (d) The  Seller and Rainin  each  acknowledges  that the scope of
these  covenants is  reasonable  and  necessary  to protect the  legitimate
business interests of the Buyer.

          (e) If any  portion of the  covenants  herein  contained,  or the
application thereof, is hereafter construed to be invalid or unenforceable,
the same  shall  not  affect  the  remainder  of the  covenant,  the  other
covenants or the application thereof, and the said remaining portions shall
be given full effect without regard to the invalid or ineffectual portions.

          (f) In the event that any of the negative or restrictive covenant
provisions herein are held to be unenforceable  because of the area covered
by such provision, or because of the duration of such provision, or because
of the  business  covered  thereby,  the parties  hereto  consent  that the
arbitral tribunal or court making such  determination  shall have the power
to reduce the area and/or the duration of such  provision  and/or limit the
business  affected thereby,  as the case may require,  and in their reduced
form,  said  provisions  shall then be  enforceable  against the Seller and
Rainin.

     6.2  Fairness Hearing; Stockholder Approval.
          --------------------------------------

          (a) As soon as reasonably  practicable following the execution of
this  Agreement,  the Seller and Buyer shall  prepare and cause to be filed
with  the  California   Commissioner  of  Corporations   (the   "CALIFORNIA
COMMISSIONER")  the  necessary  documents  and MTII shall apply to obtain a
permit (a "CALIFORNIA  PERMIT") from the California  Commissioner  (after a
hearing  before  such  Commissioner)  pursuant  to  Section  25121  of  the
California  Corporate  Securities  Law of  1968,  so that the  issuance  of
Mettler Stock pursuant to this Agreement shall be exempt from  registration
under Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act. The Seller and the Buyer will
respond to any comments from the California  Department of Corporations and
use their  commercially  reasonable  efforts to have the California  Permit
granted as soon as practicable  after such filing. As promptly as practical
after the date of this  Agreement,  the Buyer and the Seller shall  prepare
and make  such  filings  as are  required  under  applicable  blue sky laws
relating to the  transactions  contemplated by this  Agreement.  The Seller
shall use  reasonable  and good  faith  efforts  to assist  Buyer as may be
necessary to comply with the  securities  and blue sky laws relating to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

          (b) The application  for the California  Permit shall include the
recommendation of the Board of Directors of the Seller in favor of adoption
and approval of this Agreement and approval of the transaction.

     6.3 Restrictions on Transfer.  All certificates  representing  Mettler
Stock deliverable to Seller pursuant to this Agreement and any certificates
subsequently  issued  with  respect  thereto  or in  substitution  therefor
(including any shares issued or issuable in respect of any such shares upon
any stock split, stock dividend,  recapitalization,  or similar event) also
shall bear any legend  required by the California  Commissioner  or such as
are required pursuant to any federal, state, local or foreign law governing
such securities.

     6.4 Registration Rights. In the event the California Commissioner does
not issue a California Permit or should the parties not pursue a California
Permit,  then Buyer and MTII agree to enter into an  agreement  with Seller
thereby granting Seller certain demand and piggy-back  registration  rights
with  respect to the  Mettler  Stock.  In such  event,  the  execution  and
delivery of such agreement shall be a Condition to Closing.

     6.5 HSR Act Filing.  Within three (3) business  days after the date of
this Agreement, the parties will make the filing required by the HSR Act.

     6.6 Press Releases and  Announcements.  Subject to the requirements of
applicable  securities  laws,  neither  the Buyer or MTII nor the Seller or
Rainin  shall  issue  any press  release  or make any  public  announcement
relating to the subject matter of this Agreement  without the prior written
approval of the other party.

     6.7  Taxes.
          -----

          (a)  All  Taxes  arising  in  connection  with  the  transactions
contemplated  by the Transfer  Documents and the Asset  Purchase  Agreement
(Inventory/Accounts  Receivable)  shall be paid by the Seller when due, and
the Seller will,  at its own expense,  file all  necessary  Tax Returns and
other  documentation with respect to all such Taxes. The Buyer will furnish
to the Seller  such  exemption  certificates  as the Seller may  reasonably
request in connection therewith.

          (b) The Seller and Rainin shall be liable for and shall indemnify
the Buyer  against all Taxes  resulting  from the Transfer  Documents,  the
Inventory  and  Accounts   Receivable   Agreement   and  the   transactions
contemplated  thereby.  The Buyer will furnish to the Seller such exemption
certificates as the Seller may reasonably request in connection therewith.

     6.8 Name. Prior to or  contemporaneously  with the Closing, the Seller
will change its  corporate  name to Rainin  Group,  Inc.  The Buyer and the
Company (and their  successors in interest) shall have the right to use the
name "Rainin" in connection with the Business and on any products  relating
to liquid measurement.  The Buyer and the Company may use the name "Rainin"
in connection with other products with the Seller's prior written consent.

     6.9  Employee Benefits.
          -----------------

          (a) For a period of two (2) years from the Closing Date Buyer and
MTII  shall not  terminate  without  cause  the  employment  of any  person
identified in Section 4.1(f)  without the prior written  consent of Rainin.
Rainin's consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

          (b) All Employee Plans listed on Schedule 2.16(a)(i) shall remain
in effect for each Current  Employee  listed on Schedule  2.16(b)(iii)  and
each new employee  hired by the Company until June 30, 2003  (September 30,
2003 in the case of the Seller's  profit sharing  plan).  During this time,
the Buyer and MTII shall not change or amend any  provision of any Employee
Plan in any  material  respect  without  the  written  consent  of  Rainin.
Rainin's consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

          (c) The Buyer  shall  provide  each  employee  of Seller  service
credit  for the  Current  Employee's  past  service  with  Seller as of the
Closing Date for all purposes under any employee  benefit plan sponsored by
Buyer  which may,  at any time,  provide  benefits or coverage to a Current
Employee at the time that  coverage is  commenced;  provided that the Buyer
will not provide such service credit in connection with its defined benefit
plans.

          (d) The Buyer  shall not  subject  any  Current  Employee  to any
waiting periods or limitations on the benefits for pre-existing  conditions
under any employee  benefit plan  sponsored by Buyer,  including  any group
health and  disability  plans,  except to the extent  such  employees  were
subject to similar limitations under the Seller's Employee Plans.

          (e) In the event that the Buyer shall  change the  insurer  under
any group health plan, the Buyer will credit each Current  Employee for any
deductible  amount previously met by the Current Employee in that plan year
which otherwise would be lost.

          (f) The Buyer will honor accrued  vacation and accrued sick leave
earned by Current Employees when employed by the Seller.

          (g) The Seller will pay when due the liabilities corresponding to
the U.S.  profit sharing and U.S.  incentive  compensation  included in the
Excluded Liabilities.

     6.10  Certain  Litigation.  The parties  acknowledge  that the Greiner
Litigation and the Customs  Litigation  are valuable  assets of the Seller,
but are of a nature that cannot be assigned to the  Company.  However,  the
parties  intend that the costs and benefits of the Greiner  Litigation  and
the  Customs  Litigation  be  borne  by  and  accrue  to  the  Company.  In
furtherance of the foregoing, the parties agree as follows:

          (a) The Seller  will  continue  to  prosecute  and/or  defend the
Greiner  Litigation and the Customs  Litigation in its name, but the course
and conduct of such litigation shall be controlled by and expenses relating
thereto shall be borne by, the Buyer and the Company.  Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, the Seller will not settle any such litigation
without the Buyer's  prior  written  consent,  which  consent  shall not be
unreasonably withheld.

          (b) The Seller shall join in any motion made by the Company to be
added as a plaintiff  or  defendant  in such  litigation,  or to  otherwise
obtain the benefits of such  litigation  (except as provided in  subsection
(c)).

          (c) The amount of any payments actually received by the Seller or
the Company from the  defendants in such  litigations  attributable  to the
period  prior to the Closing  Date shall be the  property of the Seller and
shall be considered additional Purchase Price.

          (d) The  Seller  will take all  reasonable  actions  to cause the
Company to obtain all benefits of such  litigations  (except as provided in
subsection (c)).

     6.11 Cooperation. At any time and from time to time after the Closing,
at the  request of the Buyer and for no further  consideration,  the Seller
and Rainin  shall  execute  and  deliver  such other  instruments  of sale,
transfer,  conveyance  and assignment and take such action as the Buyer may
determine are reasonably necessary or desirable to (i) transfer, convey and
assign to the  Company,  and  effect,  perfect  and  confirm the record and
beneficial  transfer  of all  assets of the  Seller  (except  the  Excluded
Assets)  subject to all  liabilities  of the Seller  (except  the  Excluded
Liabilities),  and (ii) to carry out the purpose and intent of the Transfer
Documents.

                                ARTICLE VII
                              INDEMNIFICATION

     7.1 Indemnification by the Seller. The Seller and Rainin shall jointly
and severally  indemnify  the Buyer,  MTII and their  respective  officers,
directors and Affiliates in respect of, and hold the Buyer,  MTII and their
respective officers, directors and Affiliates harmless against, any and all
debts,  obligations and other liabilities,  monetary damages,  fines, fees,
penalties,  interest,  obligations,  deficiencies,  diminutions in value of
assets, losses and reasonable expenses,  reasonable court costs, reasonable
fees and expenses of attorneys,  accountants,  financial advisors and other
experts,  and other  expenses  of  litigation  ("Damages"),  to the  extent
incurred  or  suffered  by the Buyer,  MTII or their  respective  officers,
directors and Affiliates (including the Company) as a result of:

          (a) any inaccuracy or breach of a representation or warranty made
by the Seller and Rainin  contained in this  Agreement,  any  inaccuracy or
breach of a  representation  or  warranty  made by the Company in the Asset
Purchase Agreement  (Inventory/Accounts  Receivable),  or any inaccuracy or
breach of a  representation  or warranty made by the Seller,  Rainin or the
Company in any certificate, document or instrument furnished by the Seller,
Rainin or the Company pursuant to this Agreement;

          (b) any  failure  to  perform  or  comply  with any  covenant  or
agreement of the Seller or Rainin contained in this Agreement;

          (c) (i) the ownership or operation of the Excluded Assets and the
Excluded  Liabilities;  (ii)  any  failure  of the  Transfer  Documents  to
effectively  convey to the Company all assets and liabilities of the Seller
as of the date of such Transfer  Documents,  excluding the Excluded  Assets
and the Excluded Liabilities,  (iii) any liability arising by virtue of the
entering into and consummation of the Transfer Documents;

          (d) any liability  (including without limitation costs of cleanup
and  remediation)  resulting  from (i) any  releases  of any  Materials  of
Environmental  Concern into the environment prior to the Closing Date; (ii)
the  existence  of any  Materials of  Environmental  Concern at any site on
which the  business  or  operations  of the  Seller or the  Company  or any
predecessor  business or company was conducted prior to the Closing Date or
to which any such  Materials  of  Environmental  Concern  migrated  or were
transported; (iii) any release of any Materials of Environmental Concern at
any such location if such release  could give rise under any  Environmental
Law to  liability  on the part of the  Seller or the  Company;  or (iv) any
violation  of any  Environmental  Law by the  Seller or the  Company or any
predecessor  business or company which  occurred prior to the Closing Date;
and

          (e) any  liability  of the  Seller or Rainin  for  income  Taxes,
whether with respect to any period before or after the Closing Date and any
liability  of the Company for income Taxes with respect to any period prior
to the Closing Date.

     7.2 Indemnification by the Buyer. The Buyer and MTII shall jointly and
severally  indemnify  the Seller  and  Rainin in  respect  of, and hold the
Seller  and  Rainin  harmless  against,  any and all  Damages  incurred  or
suffered by the Seller or Rainin as a result of:

          (a) any inaccuracy or breach of a representation or warranty made
by the Buyer and MTII contained in this Agreement,  or in any  certificate,
document  or  instrument  furnished  by the Buyer or MTII  pursuant to this
Agreement;

          (b) any  failure  to  perform  or  comply  with any  covenant  or
agreement of the Buyer or MTII contained in this Agreement.

     7.3 Claims for  Indemnification.  Whenever  any claim  shall arise for
indemnification   hereunder,   the  party  seeking   indemnification   (the
"Indemnified  Party") shall promptly  notify in writing the party from whom
indemnification is sought (the "Indemnifying Party") of the claim and, when
known, the facts constituting the basis for such claim; provided,  however,
that except for the  provisions of Section 7.6, no delay on the part of the
Indemnified  Party in notifying  the  Indemnifying  Party shall relieve the
Indemnifying Party from any liability or obligation hereunder except to the
extent of any damage or  liability  caused by or arising out of such delay.
In the event of any such claim for indemnification hereunder resulting from
or in connection with any claim or legal  proceedings by a third party, the
notice to the Indemnifying Party shall specify,  if known, the amount or an
estimate of the amount of the liability arising therefrom.  The Buyer shall
conduct  the  defense  of  all  third-party  claims,   whether  it  is  the
Indemnified Party or the Indemnifying  Party,  except claims arising out of
Section 7.1(e), which shall be the responsibility of the Seller and Rainin.
The  Seller  and  Rainin  shall  be  entitled,  at its or his  expense,  to
participate in, but not to determine or conduct,  the defense of such claim
(other than claims arising out of Section  7.1(e)).  The Indemnified  Party
shall not settle or  compromise  any claim by a third party for which it is
seeking indemnification  hereunder without the prior written consent of the
Indemnifying  Party (which  consent shall not be  unreasonably  withheld or
delayed).

     7.4  Resolution of Conflicts; Arbitration.
          ------------------------------------

          (a) In case the  Indemnifying  Party has not consented in writing
to any claim or claims  made by the  Indemnified  Party to recover  Damages
within  thirty (30) days after  delivery of written  demand  therefor,  the
parties  shall  attempt  in good  faith to agree  upon  the  rights  of the
respective  parties  with  respect to each of such  claims.  If the parties
should so  agree,  a  memorandum  setting  forth  such  agreement  shall be
prepared and signed by both parties.

          (b)  If no  such  agreement  can  be  reached  after  good  faith
negotiation,  either Buyer or Seller may demand  arbitration  of the matter
unless the amount of the Damages is at issue in pending  litigation  with a
third party, in which event  arbitration  shall not be commenced until such
amount is ascertained or both parties agree to  arbitration,  and in either
such event the matter  shall be settled  by  arbitration  conducted  by one
arbitrator  mutually  agreeable  to Buyer and  Seller.  In the event  that,
within  thirty (30) days after  submission  of any dispute to  arbitration,
Buyer and Seller cannot  mutually  agree on one  arbitrator,  then,  within
fifteen  (15) days after the end of such thirty (30) day period,  Buyer and
Rainin shall each select one  arbitrator.  The two  arbitrators so selected
shall select a third arbitrator.

          (c) Any  such  arbitration  shall be held in  Chicago,  Illinois,
under the rules then in effect of the American Arbitration Association. The
arbitrator(s)  shall determine how all expenses relating to the arbitration
shall be paid,  including without  limitation,  the respective  expenses of
each party, the fees of each arbitrator and the  administrative  fee of the
American  Arbitration  Association.  The arbitrator or arbitrators,  as the
case may be,  shall set a limited  time  period  and  establish  procedures
designed  to reduce  the cost and time for  discovery  while  allowing  the
parties an opportunity,  adequate in the sole judgment of the arbitrator or
majority of the three arbitrators, as the case may be, to discover relevant
information  from the  opposing  parties  about the  subject  matter of the
dispute. The arbitrator or a majority of the three arbitrators, as the case
may be, shall rule upon motions to compel or limit discovery and shall have
the authority to impose sanctions,  including attorneys' fees and costs, to
the  same  extent  as a  competent  court  of law  or  equity,  should  the
arbitrators  or a majority  of the three  arbitrators,  as the case may be,
determine that discovery was sought without  substantial  justification  or
that   discovery   was   refused  or   objected   to  without   substantial
justification.  The decision of the  arbitrator  or a majority of the three
arbitrators, as the case may be, as to the validity and amount of any claim
shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon the parties to this Agreement.
Such decision  shall be written and shall be supported by written  findings
of fact and conclusions which shall set forth the award,  judgment,  decree
or  order  awarded  by the  arbitrator(s).  Within  thirty  (30)  days of a
decision of the  arbitrator(s)  requiring  payment by one party to another,
such party shall make the payment to such other party.

          (d) Judgment upon any award rendered by the  arbitrator(s) may be
entered  in  any  court  having  jurisdiction.  The  foregoing  arbitration
provision shall apply to any dispute between the parties under this Article
VII.

     7.5 Escrow Fund.  Until  January 2, 2003 in cases where the Seller and
Rainin are the  Indemnifying  Party,  Damages  pursuant to this Article VII
shall first be funded from the Holdback Amount pursuant to the terms of the
Escrow  Agreement,  it being  understood  that  Seller and Rainin  shall be
liable for any excess Damages.

     7.6 Survival. All representations,  warranties,  covenants, agreements
and  obligations  set forth in this Agreement  shall survive the Closing as
herein provided.  Unless otherwise stated, all representations,  warranties
and  covenants  shall  expire on the date  eighteen  (18)  months  from the
Closing Date except that:

          (a) the  representations  and warranties of the Seller and Rainin
in Sections 2.2, 2.3(a) and 2.24 and the  representations and warranties of
the Buyer and MTII  contained in Sections  3.2, 3.5 and 3.12 shall  survive
without limitation, and the provisions of Section 7.1(a) and 7.2(a) as they
relate to such  representations  and  warranties  shall  similarly  survive
without limitation;

          (b) the  representations  and warranties of the Seller and Rainin
in  Section  2.7  shall  survive  for a period  of sixty  (60)  days  after
expiration of the relevant  statute of  limitations,  and the provisions of
Section 7.1(a) as they relate to such representation and warranty,  and the
provisions of Section 7.1(e),  shall similarly survive for such period; (c)
the representations and warranties of the Seller and Rainin in Section 2.18
shall  survive  for a period of three (3) years from and after the  Closing
Date (provided that such  representations  and warranties as they relate to
the Seller Leased Real Property  located in  Emeryville,  California  shall
survive without  limitation),  and the provisions of Section 7.1(a) as they
relate to such  representation and warranty,  and the provisions of Section
7.1(d), shall similarly survive for such period;

          (d) the  covenants of the parties  shall  survive the Closing for
the  period  therein  specified  or,  if no period  is  specified,  without
limitation,  and the provisions of Section 7.1(b) shall  similarly  survive
for such period; and

          (e) the  provisions  of  Section  7.1(c)  shall  survive  without
limitation.

          Any claim asserted in writing prior to the expiration as provided
in this Section 7.6 of the representation,  warranty, covenant or indemnity
that is the basis for such claim shall survive  until finally  resolved and
satisfied in full.

     7.7  Limitations on Indemnification.
          ------------------------------

          (a) Except as set forth herein,  neither party shall make a claim
under this Article VII unless and until its Damages are  $1,500,000 or more
in the aggregate (the "BASKET";  provided that in computing the Basket each
single  indemnity  amount (or any series of amounts relating to a series of
claims  arising  out of a common  set of facts) of less than  $50,000  (the
"THRESHHOLD")  shall  be  disregarded).  Each  party  may make  claims  for
indemnification to the extent the Damages exceed the Basket;  provided that
after the Basket is exceeded,  neither party may recover Damages unless the
individual  claim for Damages (or series of Damages relating to a series of
claims  arising out of a common set of facts) exceeds the  Threshhold.  The
Basket and the  Threshhold  shall not apply to (i) breaches of the Seller's
and Rainin's representations and warranties in Section 2.2, 2.3(a), 2.7 and
2.24,  (ii) Buyer's and MTII's  representations  and warranties in Sections
3.2,  3.4,  3.5 or  3.12,  (iii)  breaches  of the  Seller's  and  Rainin's
covenants in Section 5.4, 6.1, 6.7 and 6.9(g),  (iv) Damages arising out of
Section 2.18 or Section 7.1(d)  relating to the Seller Leased Real Property
located in Emeryville, California (v) Damages arising out of Section 7.1(c)
(except the Threshhold shall apply to Section 7.1(c)(ii)), and (vi) damages
arising  out of Section  7.1(e);  it being  understood  that  Damages  with
respect to such sections shall be recoverable from the first dollar (except
the Threshhold shall apply to Section 7.1(c)(ii) as aforesaid).

          (b) The  Seller's  and  Rainin's  maximum  liability  pursuant to
Section  7.1(a)  which  arises out of Section  2.18 or  pursuant to Section
7.1(d),  except  any such  liability  relating  to the Seller  Leased  Real
Property located in Emeryville, California, shall be an amount equal to 40%
of the sum of (i) the Initial Purchase Price, (ii) the amount paid pursuant
to the Asset Purchase Agreement  (Inventory/Accounts  Receivable) and (iii)
the  Contingent  Payment.  The  Seller's  and  Rainin's  maximum  liability
pursuant to Section  7.1(a)  which  arises out of Section  2.12 shall be an
amount  equal to 25% the sum of (i) the Initial  Purchase  Price,  (ii) the
amount paid pursuant to the Asset  Purchase  Agreement  (Inventory/Accounts
Receivable)  and (iii) the  Contingent  Payment.  The Seller's and Rainin's
maximum  liability  pursuant  to Section  7.1(a)  (exclusive  of  liability
arising out of Section  2.12 and 2.18)  shall be an amount  equal to 10% of
the sum of (i) the Initial Purchase Price, (ii) the amount paid pursuant to
the Asset Purchase Agreement (Inventory/Accounts  Receivable) and (iii) the
Contingent Payment.

          (c) In no event shall  Seller's  and Rainin's  maximum  liability
under  any  and  all  claims  for  indemnification  made  pursuant  to this
Agreement and the Asset Purchase Agreement (Inventory/Accounts  Receivable)
exceed the Purchase Price.

          (d) The amount that the Indemnifying  Party is required to pay to
an  Indemnified  Party  pursuant  to this  Article  VII  shall  be  reduced
(including,  without  limitation,   retroactively)  by  any  net  insurance
proceeds  actually  recovered by the Indemnified  Party in reduction of the
related Damages. Each party agrees that its insurance policies will contain
a  waiver  of  subrogation  clause  so long as the same is  obtainable  and
includable at no extra cost.


                                ARTICLE VIII
                          TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT

     8.1 Grounds.  This Agreement and the  transactions  contemplated by it
may be  terminated  at any time on or before the  Closing  Date as follows,
provided  the   terminating   party  gives  written  notice  to  the  other
party(ies):

          (a) By mutual written consent of the Seller and the Buyer;

          (b) By the Buyer if the conditions provided in Section 4.1 or 4.2
have not been  satisfied or have become  impossible  of  fulfillment  on or
prior to the Closing Date and by the Seller if the  conditions  provided in
Section 4.1 or 4.3 have not been  satisfied  or have become  impossible  of
fulfillment on or prior to the Closing Date;

          (c) By either  the  Seller or the  Buyer if the  Closing  has not
occurred on or before  December  31, 2001 or such other date agreed upon in
writing by the Seller and the Buyer;

          (d) by Buyer in the event of any material breach by the Seller or
Rainin  of any of  Seller's  or  Rainin's  agreements,  representations  or
warranties  contained  herein and the  failure of Seller or Rainin,  as the
case may be, to cure such  breach  within 30 days after  receipt of written
notice from Buyer requesting such breach to be cured; or

          (e) by the Seller in the event of any material breach by Buyer or
MTII of any of Buyer's or MTII's agreements,  representations or warranties
contained  herein and the failure of Buyer or MTII,  as the case may be, to
cure such breach within 30 days after receipt of written notice from Seller
requesting such breach to be cured.

     8.2 Effect.  In the event this  Agreement  is  terminated  pursuant to
Section 8.1 without fault of either party or breach of this Agreement,  all
obligations  of the Seller and Rainin and the Buyer and MTII hereunder will
terminate without liability. In such event, each party hereto shall pay all
legal and other costs and  expenses  incurred  by such party in  connection
with this Agreement and the transactions  contemplated hereby.  Unless this
Agreement is terminated  pursuant to Section 8.1, if any of the  conditions
to the  obligations  of the Buyer and MTII in Section 4.1 and 4.2 or of the
Seller  and Rainin in Section  4.1 and 4.3 have not been  satisfied  by the
Closing, the Buyer and MTII or the Seller and Rainin as the case may be, in
addition to any other rights that may be  available to them,  will have the
right to waive their respective  conditions and to proceed with the Closing
and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In
the event a party waives one of their respective  conditions and closes the
transaction,  then such party shall be precluded  from claiming such waived
condition is a breach of the Agreement, and it may not seek indemnification
for such breach. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, nothing set
forth in this Article VIII shall  relieve any party from  liability for any
breach by it of its obligations under this Agreement.

                                 ARTICLE IX
                               MISCELLANEOUS

     9.1 No Third Party Beneficiaries.  This Agreement shall not confer any
rights  or  remedies  upon any  person  other  than the  parties  and their
respective successors and permitted assigns.

     9.2  Entire  Agreement.   This  Agreement   (including  the  ancillary
agreements)  constitutes  the entire  agreement  between  the  parties  and
supersedes any prior understandings,  agreements,  or representations by or
between the parties,  written or oral,  that may have related in any way to
the subject matter hereof.

     9.3 Succession and  Assignment.  This Agreement  shall be binding upon
and inure to the benefit of the parties  named herein and their  respective
successors and permitted assigns. No party may assign either this Agreement
or any of its  rights,  interest,  or  obligations  hereunder,  whether  by
operation of law or otherwise,  without the prior  written  approval of the
other  parties;  provided  that the Buyer may assign its rights,  interests
and/or obligations hereunder to an Affiliate of the Buyer.

     9.4  Counterparts.  This  Agreement  may be  executed  in one or  more
counterparts,  each of which shall be deemed an  original  but all of which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

     9.5 Headings.  The section  headings  contained in this  Agreement are
inserted for  convenience  only and shall not affect in any way the meaning
or interpretation of this Agreement.

     9.6 Notices. Any notice, request, demand, claim or other communication
shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly  delivered  five business days
after it is sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested,
postage  prepaid,  or two  business  days after it is sent via a  reputable
worldwide overnight courier service, in each case to the intended recipient
as set forth below:

  If to the Buyer or MTII:                       Copies to:
  ------------------------                       ----------

Mettler-Toledo, Inc.               Drake, Sommers, Loeb, Tarshis & Catania, PLLC
Im Langacher                       One Corwin Court
CH-8606 Greifensee, Switzerland    Newburgh, New York 12550
Attention: James Bellerjeau        Attention:  Marianna R. Kennedy


If to the Seller or Rainin:                      Copies to:
--------------------------                       ----------

Kenneth Rainin                     Holme Roberts & Owen LLP
5400 Hollis Street                 1700 Lincoln Street, Suite 4100
Emeryville, California 94608       Denver, CO  80304-4541
                                   Attn:  Kevin M. Galligan

Edward Weinsoff
Rainin Road
Woburn, Massachusetts 01888

Any  party  may  give  any  notice,   request,   demand,   claim  or  other
communication  hereunder  by  personal  delivery or  telecopy,  but no such
notice,  request,  demand, claim, or other communication shall be deemed to
have been duly given  unless and until it actually is received by the party
or individual for whom it is intended. Any notice sent by telecopy shall be
followed  by a  confirmation  copy  sent by  reputable  overnight  business
courier  service.  Any party  may  change  the  address  to which  notices,
requests,  demands,  claims, and other  communications  hereunder are to be
delivered by giving the other party notice in the manner herein set forth.

          9.7  Governing  Law.  This  Agreement  shall be  governed  by and
construed  in  accordance  with  the  internal  laws  (and  not  the law of
conflicts) of the State of Delaware.

          9.8 Amendments  and Waivers.  The parties may amend any provision
of this Agreement at any time by a written instrument signed by each of the
parties.  No waiver by either party of any default,  misrepresentation,  or
breach of warranty or covenant hereunder, whether intentional or not, shall
be deemed to extend to any prior or subsequent default,  misrepresentation,
or breach of warranty or covenant hereunder or affect in any way any rights
arising by virtue of any prior or subsequent such occurrence.

          9.9 Severability. Any term or provision of this Agreement that is
invalid or  unenforceable  in any situation in any  jurisdiction  shall not
affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions
hereof or the validity or enforceability of the offending term or provision
in any other situation or in any other jurisdiction.  If the final judgment
of a court of competent  jurisdiction  declares  that any term or provision
hereof in invalid or unenforceable, the parties agree that the court making
the determination of invalidity or unenforceability shall have the power to
reduce the scope,  duration,  or area of the term or  provision,  to delete
specific words or phrases,  or to replace any invalid or unenforceable term
or provision  with a term or provision  that is valid and  enforceable  and
that  comes  closest  to  expressing   the  intention  of  the  invalid  or
unenforceable term or provision, and this Agreement shall be enforceable as
so modified  after the expiration of the time within which the judgment may
be appealed.

          9.10  Expenses.  Each party shall bear its own costs and expenses
(including  legal  fees and  expenses)  incurred  in  connection  with this
Agreement  and  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby,  except  that  any
additional  audit  expenses  incurred by Seller  which are  incurred at the
request  of Buyer  shall be borne by Buyer and  $40,000  of the  filing fee
Rainin is required to pay in connection  with the filing required under the
HSR Act shall be paid by Buyer.

          9.11 Specific  Performance.  Each party  acknowledges  and agrees
that the other party would be damaged  irreparably  in the event any of the
provisions of this  Agreement  are not  performed in accordance  with their
specific  terms or otherwise are breached.  Accordingly,  each party agrees
that the other party shall be entitled to an injunction or  injunctions  to
prevent  breaches  of the  provisions  of  this  Agreement  and to  enforce
specifically  this  Agreement  and the terms and  provisions  hereof in any
action  instituted  in any court of the United  States or any state thereof
having  jurisdiction  over the parties  and the matter,  in addition to any
other remedy to which it may be entitled, at law or in equity.

          9.12  Construction.  The language used in this Agreement shall be
deemed to be the  language  chosen by the parties  hereto to express  their
mutual intent, and no rule of strict  construction shall be applied against
either  party.  Any  reference to any  federal,  state,  local,  or foreign
statute or law shall be deemed  also to refer to all rules and  regulations
promulgated thereunder, unless the context requires otherwise.

          9.13 Joint and Several.  The  liability  and  obligations  of the
Seller and Rainin shall be joint and several. The liability and obligations
of the Buyer and MTII shall be joint and several.

          9.14  Incorporation  of Exhibits and Schedules.  The Exhibits and
Schedules identified in this Agreement are incorporated herein by reference
and made a part hereof.

<PAGE>

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as
of the date first above written.


                                    METTLER-TOLEDO, INC.



                                    By: /s/ William P. Donnelly
                                        ----------------------------------
                                        William P. Donnelly
                                        Chief Financial Officer


                                    METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC.



                                    By: /s/ William P. Donnelly
                                        ----------------------------------
                                        William P. Donnelly
                                        Chief Financial Officer


                                    RAININ INSTRUMENT COMPANY, INC.



                                    By: /s/ Kenneth Rainin
                                        ----------------------------------
                                        Kenneth Rainin
                                        President



                                        ----------------------------------
                                        Kenneth Rainin

<PAGE>

Exhibits B through E to the Purchase Agreement, as summarized below, have
been omitted for the purposes of this Edgar filing. A copy of these
exhibits can be obtained at no cost from the Company:

        Exhibit B:  Escrow Agreement
        Exhibit C:  Employment Agreement
        Exhibit D:  Employment Agreements
        Exhibit E:  Seller Leased Real Property term sheets.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
