 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, DATED
2/13/2002     EXHIBIT 2.1   Execution Copy   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
MERGER   AMONG   SMITH and NEPHEW, INC.,   ORCHID MERGER CORP.   AND  
ORATEC INTERVENTIONS, INC.   Dated as of February 13, 2002      TABLE
OF CONTENTS     Page  ----  ~~    ARTICLE I THE
OFFER.................................................... 1  Section 1.1 The
Offer.............................................. 1  Section 1.2 Company
Actions........................................ 2   ARTICLE II THE
MERGER.................................................. 3  Section 2.1 The
Merger............................................. 3  Section 2.2 Effective
Time......................................... 4  Section 2.3 Effects of the
Merger.................................. 4  Section 2.4 Charter and By-Laws;
Directors and Officers............ 4  Section 2.5 Conversion of
Securities............................... 4  Section 2.6 Exchange of
Certificates............................... 5  Section 2.7 Merger Without
Meeting of Stockholders................. 6  Section 2.8 Further
Assurances..................................... 6  Section 2.9
Closing................................................ 6   ARTICLE III
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND SUB........... 7  Section 3.1
Organization........................................... 7  Section 3.2
Authority.............................................. 7  Section 3.3
Consents and Approvals; No Violations.................. 7  Section 3.4
Information Supplied................................... 8  Section 3.5
Interim Operations of Sub.............................. 8  Section 3.6
Ownership of Shares.................................... 8  Section 3.7
Financing.............................................. 8  Section 3.8
Brokers................................................ 8   ARTICLE IV
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY............... 8  Section 4.1
Organization, Standing and Power....................... 8  Section 4.2
Capital Structure...................................... 9  Section 4.3
Authority.............................................. 10  Section 4.4
Consents and Approvals; No Violation................... 10  Section 4.5 SEC
Documents and Other Reports........................ 11  Section 4.6
Information Supplied................................... 11  Section 4.7
Absence of Certain Changes or Events................... 12  Section 4.8
Permits and Compliance................................. 12  Section 4.9 Tax
Matters............................................ 14  Section 4.10 Actions
and Proceedings................................ 14  Section 4.11 Compensation
Agreements................................ 15  Section 4.12 Employee
Benefits...................................... 15  Section 4.13
Liabilities............................................ 1  Section 4.14 Labor
Matters; Worker Safety Laws...................... 16  Section 4.15
Intellectual Property.................................. 17  Section 4.16
Title to Assets........................................ 18  Section 4.17
Inventories............................................ 18  Section 4.18
Environmental Matters.................................. 18  Section 4.19
State Takeover Statutes; Rights Agreement.............. 19  Section 4.20
Required Vote of Company Stockholders.................. 19  Section 4.21
Transactions with Affiliates........................... 20  Section 4.22
Suppliers; Sales Representatives....................... 20  Section 4.23
Insurance.............................................. 20  Section 4.24
Accounts Receivable.................................... 21    1    
TABLE OF CONTENTS--(continued)     Page  ----  ~~   Section 4.25
Products.............................................. 21  Section 4.26
Brokers............................................... 21   ARTICLE V
COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS................... 21  Section 5.1
Conduct of Business by the Company Pending the Merger. 21  Section 5.2 No
Solicitation....................................... 23  Section 5.3 Third
Party Standstill Agreements..................... 24   ARTICLE VI ADDITIONAL
AGREEMENTS...................................... 24  Section 6.1 Stockholder
Meeting................................... 24  Section 6.2 Access to
Information................................. 24  Section 6.3
Directors............................................. 25  Section 6.4 Fees
and Expenses..................................... 25  Section 6.5 Company
Stock Options and Company Warrant............. 26  Section 6.6 Reasonable
Best Efforts............................... 27  Section 6.7 Public
Announcements.................................. 27  Section 6.8 State
Takeover Laws................................... 27  Section 6.9
Indemnification; Directors and Officers Insurance..... 28  Section 6.10
Notification of Certain Matters....................... 28  Section 6.11 Real
Estate Transfer and Gains Tax.................... 28  Section 6.12 Employee
Matters...................................... 28  Section 6.13 Rights
Agreement...................................... 29  Section 6.14 Obligations
of Sub.................................... 29   ARTICLE VII CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT TO THE MERGER........................ 29  Section 7.1 Conditions to
Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect the 
Merger.............................................. 29   ARTICLE VIII
TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER........................ 30  Section 8.1
Termination........................................... 30  Section 8.2 Effect
of Termination................................. 30  Section 8.3
Amendment............................................. 31  Section 8.4
Waiver................................................ 31   ARTICLE IX
GENERAL PROVISIONS......................................... 32  Section 9.1
Non-Survival of Representations and Warranties........ 32  Section 9.2
Notices............................................... 32  Section 9.3
Interpretation; Certain Definitions................... 33  Section 9.4
Counterparts.......................................... 35  Section 9.5 Entire
Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries........ 35  Section 9.6 Governing
Law......................................... 35  Section 9.7
Assignment............................................ 35  Section 9.8
Severability.......................................... 35  Section 9.9
Enforcement of this Agreement......................... 35   EXHIBITS  A
Conditions of the Offer.......................................  B Stockholder
Agreement.........................................  C Rights Agreement
Amendment....................................    2     AGREEMENT AND
PLAN OF MERGER   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of February 13, 2002
(this "Agreement"), among Smith and Nephew, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Parent"), Orchid Merger Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Parent ("Sub"), and ORATEC Interventions, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the "Company") (Sub and the Company being hereinafter
collectively referred to as the "Constituent Corporations").  
WITNESSETH:   WHEREAS, the respective Boards of Directors of Parent, Sub and
the Company have approved the acquisition of the Company by Parent on the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein;   WHEREAS, in
furtherance of such acquisition, Parent proposes to cause Sub to make a
tender offer (as it may be amended from time to time as permitted under this
Agreement, the "Offer") to purchase all of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock, par value $.001 per share, of the Company (the "Company
Common Stock"), together with the related Rights (as defined in Section 4.2)
of the Company (the shares of Company Common Stock subject to the Offer,
together with the related Rights, are hereinafter collectively referred to as
the "Shares"), at a purchase price of $12.50 per Share (such amount, or any
greater amount per Share paid pursuant to the Offer being referred to herein
as the "Offer Price"), net to the seller in cash, without interest thereon,
upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement; and
the Board of Directors of the Company has adopted resolutions approving the
Offer and the Merger (as defined below) and recommending that holders of
Shares accept the Offer and that the Company\'s stockholders adopt this
Agreement;   WHEREAS, the respective Boards of Directors of Parent, Sub and
the Company have approved and declared advisable the merger of Sub with and
into the Company (the "Merger"), upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth herein, whereby each issued and outstanding Share not owned
directly or indirectly by Parent or the Company, except for Dissenting Shares
(as defined in Section 2.5), will be converted into the right to receive the
Offer Price and the respective Boards of Directors of Sub and the Company
have approved and adopted this Agreement; and   WHEREAS, in order to induce
Parent and Sub to enter into this Agreement, concurrently herewith Parent and
certain of the stockholders of the Company are entering into Stockholder
Agreements dated as of the date hereof (the "Stockholder Agreements") in the
forms attached hereto as Exhibit B.   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of
the premises, representations, warranties and agreements herein contained,
the parties agree as follows:   ARTICLE I   THE OFFER   Section 1.1 The
Offer. (a) Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, as promptly as
practicable but in no event later than February 25, 2002, Sub shall, and
Parent shall cause Sub to, commence, within the meaning of Rule 14d-2 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (together with the rules and
regulations thereunder, the "Exchange Act"), the Offer. The obligation of Sub
to, and of Parent to cause Sub to, commence the Offer and accept for payment,
and pay for, any Shares tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer
shall be subject only to the conditions set forth in the attached Exhibit A
(the "Offer Conditions") (any of which may be waived in whole or in part by
Sub in its sole discretion, except that Sub shall not waive the
Minimum Condition (as defined in Exhibit A) without the consent of the
Company) and subject to the rights of Parent and Sub to terminate this
Agreement as provided in Section 8.1. Sub expressly reserves the right to
modify the terms   1    of the Offer, except that, without the consent
of the Company, Sub shall not (i) reduce the number of Shares subject to the
Offer, (ii) reduce the Offer Price, (iii) add to or modify the Offer
Conditions (other than to waive any Offer Conditions to the extent permitted
by this Agreement), (iv) except as provided in the next sentence, extend the
Offer, (v) change the form of consideration payable in the Offer, or (vi)
otherwise amend the terms and conditions of the Offer in a manner adverse to
the stockholders of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Sub may,
without the consent of the Company, (i) extend the Offer, if at the scheduled
or extended expiration date of the Offer any of the Offer Conditions shall
not be satisfied or waived, until such time as such conditions are satisfied
or waived, (ii) extend the Offer for any period required by any rule,
regulation, interpretation or position of the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the "SEC") or the staff thereof applicable to the Offer and (iii)
if all Offer Conditions are satisfied or waived but the number of Shares
tendered pursuant to the Offer is less than 90% of the outstanding Shares,
extend the Offer on one or more occasions for an aggregate period of not more
than 10 business days beyond the latest expiration date that would otherwise
be permitted under clause (i) or (ii) of this sentence, in each case subject
to the right of Parent, Sub or the Company to terminate this Agreement
pursuant to the terms hereof. If the Offer Conditions are satisfied or waived
(to the extent permitted herein) and Sub purchases Shares pursuant to the
Offer, Sub may, in Sub\'s sole discretion, provide a "subsequent
offering period" in accordance with Rule 14d-11 under the Exchange Act.
Parent and Sub agree that if at any scheduled expiration date of the Offer,
the Minimum Condition, the HSR Condition (as defined in Exhibit A) or either
of the conditions set forth in paragraphs (e) or (f) of Exhibit A shall not
have been satisfied, but at such scheduled expiration date all of the
conditions set forth in paragraphs (a), (b), (c), (d) and (g) of Exhibit A
shall then be satisfied, at the request of the Company (confirmed in
writing), Sub shall extend the Offer from time to time (provided that Sub
shall not be required to extend the Offer for more than 20 business days),
subject to the right of Parent, Sub or the Company to terminate this
Agreement pursuant to the terms hereof; provided, however, that Parent and
Sub shall not be required to extend the Offer if any person or "group" (as
defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), other than Parent, Sub or
their affiliates or any group of which any of them is a member, shall have
acquired or announced (and not withdrawn) its intention to acquire beneficial
ownership (as determined pursuant to Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the
Exchange Act) of 15% or more of the Shares. The initial expiration date of
the Offer shall be 20 business days from and including the date of
commencement of the Offer. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Offer
and this Agreement, Sub shall, and Parent shall cause Sub to, accept for
payment, and pay for, all Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant
to the Offer that Sub becomes obligated to accept for payment, and pay for,
pursuant to the Offer as soon as practicable after the expiration of the
Offer, and in any event in compliance with the obligations respecting prompt
payment pursuant to Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act.   (b) On the date
of commencement of the Offer, Parent and Sub shall file  with the SEC a
Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO (together with all  supplements or
amendments thereto, the "Schedule TO") with respect to the  Offer, which
shall contain as an exhibit or incorporate by reference an  offer to purchase
and a related letter of transmittal and summary  advertisement (such Schedule
TO and the documents included therein pursuant  to which the Offer will be
made, together with any supplements or amendments  thereto, the "Offer
Documents"), and Parent and Sub shall cause the Offer  Documents to be
disseminated to holders of Shares as and to the extent  required by
applicable federal securities laws. Parent, Sub and the Company  shall each
promptly correct any information provided by it for use in the  Offer
Documents if and to the extent that such information shall have become  false
or misleading in any material respect, and Parent and Sub further  agree to
take all steps necessary to cause the Schedule TO as so corrected  to be
filed with the SEC and the other Offer Documents as so corrected to be 
disseminated to holders of Shares, in each case as and to the extent 
required by applicable federal securities laws. The Company and its counsel 
shall be given reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon the Offer 
Documents prior to their filing with the SEC or dissemination to the 
stockholders of the Company. Parent and Sub agree to provide the Company and 
its counsel any comments Parent, Sub or their counsel may receive from the 
SEC or its staff with respect to the Offer Documents promptly after the 
receipt of such comments and to cooperate with the Company and its counsel 
in responding to any such comments.   Section 1.2 Company Actions. (a) The
Company hereby approves of and consents to the Offer and represents and
warrants that the Board of Directors of the Company, at a meeting duly called
and held, at which   2    all directors were present (in person or by
telephone), duly and unanimously adopted resolutions declaring advisable,
approving and adopting this Agreement, approving the Offer and the Merger,
taking all action necessary to render the provisions of Section 203 of the
DGCL (as defined in Section 2.1) inapplicable to the Offer, the Merger and
the Stockholder Agreements, determining that the terms of the Offer and the
Merger are fair to, and in the best interests of, the Company\'s stockholders
and recommending that holders of Shares accept the Offer and that the
Company\'s stockholders adopt this Agreement and approve the Merger. The
Company represents and warrants that its Board of Directors has received the
opinion of J. P. Morgan Securities, Inc. that the proposed consideration to
be received by holders of Shares pursuant to the Offer and the Merger is fair
to such holders from a financial point of view, and a complete and correct
signed copy of such opinion has been delivered by the Company to Parent. The
Company has been advised by each of its directors and executive officers that
each such person intends to tender all Shares owned by such person pursuant
to the Offer.   (b) On the date the Offer Documents are filed with the SEC,
the Company  shall file with the SEC a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement
on Schedule  14D-9 with respect to the Offer (such Schedule 14D-9, as amended
from time  to time, the "Schedule 14D-9") containing the recommendation
described in  Section 1.2(a), and the Company shall cause to be disseminated
the Schedule  14D-9 to holders of Shares as and to the extent required by
applicable  federal securities laws. The Company, Parent and Sub shall each
promptly  correct any information provided by it for use in the Schedule
14D-9 if and  to the extent that such information shall have become false or
misleading in  any material respect, and the Company further agrees to take
all steps  necessary to amend or supplement the Schedule 14D-9 and to cause
the  Schedule 14D-9 as so amended or supplemented to be filed with the SEC
and  disseminated to holders of Shares, in each case as and to the extent 
required by applicable federal securities laws. Parent and its counsel shall 
be given reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon the Schedule 
14D-9, and any amendments thereto, prior to filing with the SEC or 
dissemination to stockholders of the Company. The Company agrees to provide 
Parent and its counsel any comments the Company or its counsel may receive 
from the SEC or its staff with respect to the Schedule 14D-9 promptly after 
the receipt of such comments and to cooperate with Parent, Sub and their 
counsel in responding to any such comments.   (c) In connection with the
Offer and the Merger, the Company shall cause  its transfer agent or agents
to furnish Sub promptly with mailing labels  containing the names and
addresses of the record holders of Shares as of a  recent date and of those
persons becoming record holders subsequent to such  date, together with
copies of all lists of stockholders, security position  listings and computer
files and all other information in the Company\'s  possession or control, to
the extent reasonably available to the Company,  regarding the beneficial
owners of Shares and any securities convertible  into Shares, and shall
furnish to Sub such information and assistance  (including updated lists of
stockholders, security position listings and  computer files) as Parent may
reasonably request in communicating the Offer  to the Company\'s
stockholders. Subject to the requirements of applicable  law, and except for
such steps as are necessary to disseminate the Offer  Documents and any other
documents necessary to consummate the Merger, Parent  and Sub and their
agents shall hold in confidence the information contained  in any such
labels, listings and files, shall use such information only in  connection
with the Offer and the Merger and, if this Agreement shall be  terminated,
shall, upon request, deliver, and will use their reasonable best  efforts to
cause their agents to deliver, to the Company all copies of such  information
then in their possession or control.   ARTICLE II   THE MERGER   Section
2.1 The Merger. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereof, and in
accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as
amended (the "DGCL"), Sub shall be merged with and into the Company at the
Effective Time (as defined in Section 2.2). Following the Merger, the
separate corporate existence of Sub shall cease and the Company shall
continue as the surviving corporation (the "Surviving Corporation") and shall
succeed to and assume all the rights and obligations of Sub in
accordance with the   3    DGCL. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary herein, at the election of Parent, any wholly-owned Subsidiary (as
defined in Section 9.3) of Parent may be substituted for Sub as a constituent
corporation in the Merger. In such event, the parties agree to execute an
appropriate amendment to this Agreement, in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to Parent and the Company, in order to reflect such
substitution.   Section 2.2 Effective Time. The Merger shall become
effective when the certificate of merger or, if applicable, the certificate
of ownership and merger (each, the "Certificate of Merger"), executed in
accordance with the relevant provisions of the DGCL, is filed with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware; provided, however, that, upon
mutual consent of the Constituent Corporations, the Certificate of Merger may
provide for a later date and time of effectiveness of the Merger. When used
in this Agreement, the term "Effective Time" means the date and time at which
the Certificate of Merger is accepted for record or such later date and time
established by the Certificate of Merger. The filing of the Certificate of
Merger shall be made on the date of the Closing (as defined in Section
2.9).   Section 2.3 Effects of the Merger. The Merger shall have the effects
set forth in the DGCL.   Section 2.4 Charter and By-Laws; Directors and
Officers. (a) At the Effective Time, the Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation of the Company (the "Company Charter") shall be the Certificate
of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter changed or
amended as provided therein or by applicable law. At the Effective Time, the
Amended and Restated By-laws of the Company, as in effect immediately prior
to the Effective Time, shall be the By-Laws of the Surviving Corporation
until thereafter changed or amended as provided therein or by the Company
Charter.   (b) The directors of Sub at the Effective Time shall be the
directors of  the Surviving Corporation, until the earlier of their
resignation or removal  or until their respective successors are duly elected
and qualified, as the  case may be. The officers of the Company at the
Effective Time shall be the  officers of the Surviving Corporation, until the
earlier of their  resignation or removal or until their respective successors
are duly elected  and qualified, as the case may be.   Section 2.5
Conversion of Securities. As of the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger
and without any action on the part of Sub, the Company or the holders of any
securities of the Constituent Corporations:   (i) Each issued and
outstanding share of common stock, par value $.01 per  share, of Sub shall be
converted into one validly issued, fully paid and  nonassessable share of
common stock of the Surviving Corporation.   (ii) All Shares that are held
in the treasury of the Company and any  Shares owned by Parent or by any
wholly-owned Subsidiary of Parent shall be  canceled and no capital stock of
Parent or other consideration shall be  delivered in exchange therefor.  
(iii) Each Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the  Effective
Time (other than shares to be canceled in accordance with Section  2.5(ii)
and other than Dissenting Shares (as defined in Section 2.5(iv))  shall be
converted into the right to receive from the Surviving Corporation  in cash,
without interest, the Offer Price (the "Merger Consideration"). All  such
Shares, when so converted, shall no longer be outstanding and shall 
automatically be canceled and retired and each holder of a certificate 
representing any such Shares shall cease to have any rights with respect 
thereto, except the right to receive the Merger Consideration.   (iv)
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if  required
by the DGCL but only to the extent required thereby, Shares which  are issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and which  are held
by holders who have properly exercised appraisal rights with  respect thereto
in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL (the "Dissenting  Shares") will
not be converted into the right to receive the Merger  Consideration, and
holders of such Shares will be entitled to receive  payment of the appraised
value of such Shares in accordance with the  provisions of Section 262 of the
DGCL unless   4     and until such holders fail to perfect or
effectively withdraw or lose their  rights to appraisal and payment under the
DGCL. If, after the Effective  Time, any such holder fails to perfect or
effectively withdraws or loses  such right, such Shares will thereupon be
treated as if they had been  converted at the Effective Time into the right
to receive the Merger  Consideration, without any interest thereon. The
Company shall (i) give  Parent prompt notice of any demands received by the
Company for appraisals  of Shares and (ii) give Parent the opportunity to
direct all negotiations  and proceedings with respect to any such demands.
The Company shall not,  except with the prior written consent of Parent, make
any payment with  respect to any demands for appraisal or offer to settle or
settle any such  demands.   Section 2.6 Exchange of Certificates. (a)
Paying Agent. Prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall designate a bank or
trust company (or such other person or persons as shall be reasonably
acceptable to Parent and the Company) to act as paying agent in the Merger
(the "Paying Agent"), and, from time to time on, prior to or after the
Effective Time, Parent shall make available, or cause the Surviving
Corporation to make available, to the Paying Agent cash in amounts and at the
times necessary for the payment of the Merger Consideration upon surrender of
certificates representing Shares as part of the Merger pursuant to Section
2.5. Any and all interest earned on funds made available to the Paying Agent
pursuant to this Agreement shall be the property of Parent and shall be paid
over to Parent as and when requested by Parent.   (b) Exchange Procedure. As
soon as reasonably practicable after the  Effective Time, the Paying Agent
shall mail to each holder of record of a  certificate or certificates that
immediately prior to the Effective Time  represented Shares (the
"Certificates"), (i) a letter of transmittal (which  shall specify that
delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to  the Certificates
shall pass, only upon delivery of the Certificates to the  Paying Agent and
shall be in a form and have such other provisions as Parent  may reasonably
specify) and (ii) instructions for use in effecting the  surrender of the
Certificates in exchange for the Merger Consideration. Upon  surrender of a
Certificate to the Paying Agent or to such other agent or  agents as may be
appointed by Parent, together with such letter of  transmittal, duly
completed and validly executed, and such other documents  as may reasonably
be required by the Paying Agent, the holder of such  Certificate shall be
entitled to receive in exchange therefor the amount of  cash into which the
Shares theretofore represented by such Certificate shall  have been converted
pursuant to Section 2.5, and the Certificate so  surrendered shall forthwith
be canceled. In the event of a transfer of  ownership of Shares that is not
registered in the transfer records of the  Company, payment may be made to a
person other than the person in whose name  the Certificate so surrendered is
registered, if such Certificate shall be  properly endorsed or otherwise be
in proper form for transfer and the person  requesting such payment shall pay
any transfer or other taxes required by  reason of the payment to a person
other than the registered holder of such  Certificate or establish to the
satisfaction of the Surviving Corporation  that such tax has been paid or is
not applicable. Until surrendered as  contemplated by this Section 2.6, each
Certificate (other than Certificates  representing Dissenting Shares) shall
be deemed at any time after the  Effective Time to represent only the right
to receive upon such surrender  the amount of cash, without interest, into
which the Shares theretofore  represented by such Certificate shall have been
converted pursuant to  Section 2.5. No interest will be paid or will accrue
on the cash payable  upon the surrender of any Certificate. Parent or the
Paying Agent shall be  entitled to deduct and withhold from the consideration
otherwise payable  pursuant to this Agreement to any holder of Shares such
amounts as Parent or  the Paying Agent is required to deduct and withhold
with respect to the  making of such payment under the Code (as defined in
Section 9.3) or under  any provisions of state, local or foreign tax law. To
the extent that  amounts are so withheld by Parent or the Paying Agent, such
withheld amounts  shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as
having been paid to  the person in respect of which such deduction or
withholding was made by the  Parent or the Paying Agent.   (c) No Further
Ownership Rights in Shares. All cash paid upon the  surrender of Certificates
in accordance with the terms of this Article II  shall be deemed to have been
paid in full satisfaction of all rights  pertaining to the Shares theretofore
represented by such Certificates. At  the Effective Time, the stock transfer
books of the Company shall be closed,  and there shall be no further
registration of transfers on the stock  transfer books of the Surviving
Corporation of the Shares that were  outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time. If, after the Effective  Time, Certificates are presented to
the Surviving Corporation or the Paying  Agent for any reason, they shall be
canceled and exchanged as provided in  this Article II.   5     (d)
Termination of Payment Fund. Any portion of the funds made available  to the
Paying Agent to pay the Merger Consideration which remains  undistributed to
the holders of Shares for six months after the Effective  Time shall be
delivered to Parent, upon demand, and any holders of Shares  who have not
theretofore complied with this Article II and the instructions  set forth in
the letter of transmittal mailed to such holders after the  Effective Time
shall thereafter look only to Parent for payment of the  Merger Consideration
to which they are entitled.   (e) No Liability. None of Parent, Sub, the
Company or the Paying Agent  shall be liable to any person in respect of any
cash delivered to a public  official pursuant to any applicable abandoned
property, escheat or similar  law. If any Certificates shall not have been
surrendered prior to seven  years after the Effective Time (or immediately
prior to such earlier date on  which any payment pursuant to this Article II
would otherwise escheat to or  become the property of any Governmental Entity
(as defined in Section 9.3)),  the cash payment in respect of such
Certificate shall, to the extent  permitted by applicable law, become the
property of the Surviving  Corporation, free and clear of all claims or
interests of any person  previously entitled thereto.   (f) Lost
Certificates. If any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen  or destroyed,
upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person  claiming such
Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required  by Parent or
the Paying Agent, the posting by such person of a bond, in such  reasonable
amount as Parent or the Paying Agent may direct as indemnity  against any
claim that may be made against them with respect to such  Certificate, the
Paying Agent will pay in exchange for such lost, stolen or  destroyed
Certificate the amount of cash to which the holder thereof is  entitled
pursuant to Section 2.5.   Section 2.7 Merger Without Meeting of
Stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Sub, or any other direct or
indirect subsidiary of Parent, shall acquire at least 90 percent of the
outstanding Shares, the parties hereto agree to take all necessary and
appropriate action to cause the Merger to become effective as soon as
practicable after expiration of the Offer without a meeting of stockholders
of the Company, in accordance with Section 253 of the DGCL.   Section 2.8
Further Assurances. If at any time after the Effective Time the Surviving
Corporation shall consider or be advised that any deeds, bills of sale,
assignments or assurances or any other acts or things are
necessary, desirable or proper (a) to vest, perfect or confirm, of record or
otherwise, in the Surviving Corporation its right, title or interest in, to
or under any of the rights, privileges, powers, franchises, properties or
assets of either of the Constituent Corporations, or (b) otherwise to carry
out the purposes of this Agreement, the Surviving Corporation and its proper
officers and directors or their designees shall be authorized to execute and
deliver, in the name and on behalf of either of the Constituent Corporations,
all such deeds, bills of sale, assignments and assurances and to do, in the
name and on behalf of either Constituent Corporation, all such other acts and
things as may be necessary, desirable or proper to vest, perfect or confirm
the Surviving Corporation\'s right, title or interest in, to or under any of
the rights, privileges, powers, franchises, properties or assets of such
Constituent Corporation and otherwise to carry out the purposes of this
Agreement.   Section 2.9 Closing. The closing of the Merger (the "Closing")
and all actions specified in this Agreement to occur at the Closing shall
take place at the offices of Sidley Austin Brown and Wood, Bank One Plaza, 10
South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Illinois 60603, at 10:00 a.m., local time, no
later than the second business day following the day on which the last of the
conditions set forth in Article VII shall have been fulfilled or waived (if
permissible) or at such other time and place as Parent and the Company shall
agree.   6     ARTICLE III   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT
AND SUB   Parent and Sub represent and warrant to the Company as
follows:   Section 3.1 Organization. Each of Parent and Sub is a corporation
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has all requisite corporate power
and authority to carry on its business as now being conducted. Each of Parent
and Sub is duly qualified to do business, and is in good standing, in
each jurisdiction where the character of its properties owned or held under
lease or the nature of its activities makes such qualification necessary,
except where the failure to be so qualified would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in Section 9.3) on
Parent.   Section 3.2 Authority. On or prior to the date of this Agreement,
the Boards of Directors of Parent and Sub have declared the Merger advisable
and have approved and adopted this Agreement in accordance with the DGCL.
Each of Parent and Sub has all requisite corporate power and authority to
execute and deliver this Agreement and the Stockholder Agreements, and each
of Parent and Sub has all requisite corporate power and authority to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution,
delivery and performance by Parent and Sub of this Agreement and the
Stockholder Agreements and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate
action (including Board action) on the part of Parent and Sub. This Agreement
has been duly executed and delivered by Parent and Sub and (assuming the
valid authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company
and the validity and binding effect hereof on the Company), this Agreement
constitutes the valid and binding obligation of each of Parent and Sub
enforceable against them in accordance with its terms, except to the extent
enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or other laws of general applicability
relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors\' rights and by the
effect of general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforceability
is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).   Section 3.3 Consents
and Approvals; No Violations. Assuming that all consents, approvals,
authorizations and other actions described in this Section 3.3 have been
obtained and all filings and obligations described in this Section 3.3 have
been made or satisfied, the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
Stockholder Agreements do not, and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby and compliance with the provisions hereof and
thereof will not, result in any violation of, or default (with or without
notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give to others a right
of termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation or result in
the loss of a material benefit under, or result in the creation of any
lien, security interest, charge or encumbrance upon any of the properties or
assets of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries under, any provision of (i)
the Certificate of Incorporation or the By-Laws of Parent, each as amended to
date, (ii) any provision of the comparable charter or organization documents
of any of Parent\'s Subsidiaries, (iii) any loan or credit agreement, note,
bond, mortgage, indenture, lease or other agreement, instrument, permit,
concession, franchise or license applicable to Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries or (iv) any judgment, order, decree, statute, law, ordinance,
rule or regulation applicable to Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or any of
their respective properties or assets, other than, in the case of clauses
(ii), (iii) or (iv), any such violations, defaults, rights, liens, security
interests, charges or encumbrances that, individually or in the aggregate,
would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent, materially impair the
ability of Parent or Sub to perform their respective obligations hereunder or
under the Stockholder Agreements or prevent the consummation of any of the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. No filing or registration with,
or authorization, consent or approval of, any Governmental Entity is required
by or with respect to Parent or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with
the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the Stockholder Agreements by
Parent or Sub or is necessary for the consummation of the Offer, the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Stockholder
Agreements, except (i) in connection, or in compliance, with the provisions
of the HSR Act (as defined in Section 9.3) and the Exchange Act, (ii) the
filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State
of Delaware and appropriate documents with the relevant authorities of other
states in which   7    the Company is qualified to do business, (iii)
such filings and consents as may be required under any environmental, health
or safety law or regulation pertaining to any notification, disclosure or
required approval triggered by the Offer, the Merger or by the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or the Stockholder Agreements, (iv) such
filings, authorizations, orders and approvals as may be required by state
takeover laws (the "State Takeover Approvals"), (v) such filings as may be
required in connection with the taxes described in Section 6.11, (vi)
applicable requirements, if any, of state securities or "blue sky" laws
("Blue Sky Laws"), (vii) as may be required under foreign laws and (viii)
such other consents, orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations and
filings the failure of which to be obtained or made would not, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent, materially
impair the ability of Parent or Sub to perform its obligations hereunder or
under the Stockholder Agreements or prevent the consummation of any of the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.   Section 3.4 Information
Supplied. None of the information supplied or to be supplied by Parent or Sub
specifically for inclusion or incorporation by reference in (i) the Offer
Documents, (ii) the Schedule 14D-9, (iii) the information to be filed by the
Company in connection with the Offer pursuant to Rule 14f-1 promulgated under
the Exchange Act (the "Information Statement") or (iv) the proxy statement
(together with any amendments or supplements thereto, the "Proxy Statement")
relating to the Stockholder Meeting (as defined in Section 6.1) will (a) in
the case of the Offer Documents, the Schedule 14D-9 and the Information
Statement, at the respective times the Offer Documents, the Schedule 14D-9
and the Information Statement are filed with the SEC or first published, sent
or given to the Company\'s stockholders, or (b) in the case of the Proxy
Statement, at the time the Proxy Statement is first mailed to the Company\'s
stockholders or at the time of the Stockholder Meeting, contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. The
Offer Documents will comply as to form in all material respects with the
requirements of the Exchange Act, except that no representation or warranty
is made by Parent or Sub with respect to statements made or incorporated by
reference therein based on information supplied by the Company specifically
for inclusion or incorporation by reference therein.   Section 3.5 Interim
Operations of Sub. Sub was formed solely for the purpose of engaging in the
transactions contemplated hereby, has engaged in no other business activities
and has conducted its operations only as contemplated hereby.   Section 3.6
Ownership of Shares. Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries, including
Sub, owns, or has during the three year period prior to the date hereof
owned, any Company Common Stock.   Section 3.7 Financing. Prior to the
consummation of the Offer, Parent and Sub will have available to them all
funds necessary to purchase the Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer and to
consummate the Merger.   Section 3.8 Brokers. No broker, investment banker,
financial advisor or other person, other than U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray Inc.
and Cazenove Group plc, the fees and expenses of which will be paid by
Parent, is entitled to any broker\'s, finder\'s, financial advisor\'s or
other similar fee or commission in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf
of Parent or Sub.   ARTICLE IV   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE
COMPANY   The Company represents and warrants to Parent and Sub as
follows:   Section 4.1 Organization, Standing and Power. The Company is a
corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the State of Delaware and has the requisite corporate power and
authority to carry on its business as now being conducted. The Company is
duly qualified to do business, and is   8    in good standing, in each
jurisdiction where the character of its properties owned or held under lease
or the nature of its activities makes such qualification necessary, except
where the failure to be so qualified would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. The Company does
not have any Subsidiaries (as defined in Section 9.3). Except as set forth in
Section 4.1 of the letter dated the date hereof and delivered on the date
hereof by the Company to Parent, which relates to this Agreement and is
designated therein as the Company Letter (the "Company Letter"), the Company
does not directly or indirectly own any equity or similar interest in, or any
interest convertible into or exercisable for any equity or similar interest
in, any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture or
other legal entity. Except as set forth in Section 4.1 of the Company Letter,
there are no outstanding contractual obligations of the Company to provide
funds to or make any investment (in the form of a loan, capital contribution
or otherwise) in any other entity.   Section 4.2 Capital Structure. (a) As
of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of
75,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, par value $.001 per share ("Company Preferred Stock"). The Company has
designated 100,000 shares of Company Preferred Stock as "Series A
Participating Preferred Stock" ("Series A Preferred Stock") and has reserved
such shares for issuance upon exercise of rights to purchase shares of Series
A Preferred Stock (the "Rights") under the Preferred Shares Rights Agreement
dated as of November 28, 2000 (the "Rights Agreement") between the Company
and American Stock Transfer and Trust Company, as rights agent.   (b) At
the close of business on February 8, 2002:   (i) 23,215,109 Shares were
issued and outstanding;   (ii) no shares of Company Preferred Stock were
issued and outstanding;   (iii) no Shares or shares of Company Preferred
Stock were held in the  treasury of the Company;   (iv) 553,488 Shares were
reserved for issuance and unissued pursuant  to the Company\'s 1999 Employee
Stock Purchase Plan (the "Company Stock  Purchase Plan");   (v) (A) 937,735
Shares were reserved for issuance upon the exercise  of outstanding vested
and exercisable stock options issued under the  Company\'s 1995 Stock Plan
(the "Company 1995 Stock Plan") and (B)  214,759 Shares were reserved for
issuance upon the exercise of  outstanding unvested stock options issued
under the Company 1995 Stock  Plan;   (vi) (A) 799,280 Shares were reserved
for issuance upon the exercise  of outstanding vested and exercisable stock
options issued under the  Company\'s 1999 Stock Plan, as amended (the
"Company 1999 Stock Plan"),  and (B) 1,167,322 Shares were reserved for
issuance upon the exercise of  outstanding unvested stock options issued
under the Company 1999 Stock  Plan;   (vii) (A) 18,472 Shares were reserved
for issuance upon the exercise  of outstanding vested and exercisable stock
options issued under the  Company\'s 1999 Directors\' Stock Option Plan, as
amended (the "Company  1999 Directors\' Stock Option Plan" and together with
the Company 1995  Stock Plan and the Company 1999 Stock Plan, the "Company
Stock Option  Plans") and (B) 16,528 Shares were reserved for issuance upon
the  exercise of outstanding unvested stock options issued under the
Company  1999 Directors\' Stock Option Plan; and   (viii) 28,000 Shares
were reserved for issuance upon the exercise of  outstanding warrants to
purchase shares of Company Common Stock pursuant  to the warrant (the
"Company Warrant") described in Section 4.2 of the  Company Letter, which
description shall set forth the holder thereof,  exercise price applicable
thereto and the number of shares of Company  Common Stock issuable upon
exercise of the Company Warrant.   (c) Section 4.2 of the Company Letter
contains a correct and complete  list as of the date of this Agreement of
each outstanding option to purchase  Shares issued under the Company Stock
Option Plans (collectively, the  "Company Stock Options"), including the
holder, date of grant, exercise  price and number of shares of Company Common
Stock subject thereto and the  schedule pursuant to which the option has
or   9     will become vested and/or exercisable. Section 4.2 of the
Company Letter  also sets forth the aggregate amount of payroll deductions
which as of the  date hereof have been withheld from the compensation of
participants  pursuant to the Company Stock Purchase Plan for the current
Offering Period  (as defined therein) and the maximum number of shares of
Company Common  Stock to be issued under the Company Stock Purchase Plan at
the conclusion  of the current Offering Period, taking into account the
provisions of  Section 6.5(b) of this Agreement.   (d) Except for the
Company Stock Options, the Company Stock Purchase  Plan, the Rights and the
Company Warrant, there are no options, warrants,  calls, rights or agreements
to which the Company is a party or by which it  is bound obligating the
Company to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be  issued, delivered or sold,
additional shares of capital stock of the Company  or obligating the Company
to grant, extend or enter into any such option,  warrant, call, right or
agreement, and there are no outstanding contractual  rights to which the
Company is a party the value of which is based on the  value of shares of
Company Common Stock. There are no outstanding  contractual obligations of
the Company to repurchase, redeem or otherwise  acquire any shares of Company
Common Stock.   (e) Each outstanding share of Company Common Stock is, and
each share of  Company Common Stock which may be issued pursuant to the
Company Stock  Options or the Company Stock Purchase Plan will be, when
issued and paid for  in accordance with the respective terms thereof, duly
authorized, validly  issued, fully paid and nonassessable and not subject to
the preemptive  rights of third parties in respect thereto.   (f) The
Company does not have any outstanding bonds, debentures, notes or  other
obligations the holders of which have the right to vote (or which are 
convertible into or exercisable for securities having the right to vote) 
with the stockholders of the Company on any matter.   Section 4.3 Authority.
On or prior to the date of this Agreement, the Board of Directors of the
Company has unanimously approved the Offer and declared the Merger advisable
and fair to and in the best interest of the Company and its stockholders,
approved and adopted this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby
in accordance with the DGCL, resolved to recommend the acceptance of the
Offer by the Company\'s stockholders and directed that this Agreement be
submitted to the Company\'s stockholders for approval, if applicable. The
Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this
Agreement and, subject to adoption by the stockholders of the Company of this
Agreement, if applicable, to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and the
consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby have been
duly authorized by all necessary corporate action (including Board action) on
the part of the Company, subject to adoption of this Agreement by the
stockholders of the Company, if applicable. This Agreement has been duly
executed and delivered by the Company and (assuming the valid authorization,
execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Sub and the validity
and binding effect of this Agreement on Parent and Sub) constitutes the valid
and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in
accordance with its terms, except to the extent enforceability may be limited
by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance
or other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting the
enforcement of creditors\' rights and by the effect of general principles of
equity (regardless of whether enforceability is considered in a proceeding in
equity or at law).   Section 4.4 Consents and Approvals; No Violation.
Assuming that all consents, approvals, authorizations and other actions
described in this Section 4.4 have been obtained and all filings and
obligations described in this Section 4.4 have been made, except as set forth
in Section 4.4 of the Company Letter, the execution and delivery of this
Agreement does not, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby and compliance with the provisions hereof will not, result in any
violation of, or default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both)
under, or give to others a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration
of any obligation or result in the loss of a material benefit under, or
result in the creation of any lien, security interest, charge or encumbrance
upon any of the properties or assets of the Company under, any provision of
(i) the   10    Company Charter or the By-Laws of the Company, (ii) any
loan or credit agreement, note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease or other
agreement, instrument, permit, concession, franchise or license applicable to
the Company or any of its properties or assets or (iii) any judgment, order,
decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to the Company
or any of its properties or assets, other than, in the case of clauses (ii)
or (iii), any such violations, defaults, rights, liens, security interests,
charges or encumbrances that, individually or in the aggregate, would not
have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company, materially impair the ability
of the Company to perform its obligations hereunder or prevent the
consummation of any of the transactions contemplated hereby. No filing or
registration with, or authorization, consent or approval of, any Governmental
Entity is required by or with respect to the Company in connection with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company or is necessary for
the consummation of the Offer, the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, except (i) in connection, or in compliance,
with the provisions of the HSR Act and the Exchange Act, (ii) the filing of
the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware and appropriate documents with the relevant authorities of other
states in which the Company is qualified to do business, (iii) such filings
and consents as may be required under any environmental, health or safety law
or regulation pertaining to any notification, disclosure or required approval
triggered by the Offer, the Merger or the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, (iv) such filings, authorizations, orders and approvals as may be
required to obtain the State Takeover Approvals, (v) such filings as may be
required in connection with the taxes described in Section 6.11, (vi)
applicable requirements, if any, of Blue Sky Laws or the Nasdaq National
Market, (vii) as may be required under foreign laws and (viii) such other
consents, orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings the
failure of which to be obtained or made would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company, materially impair
the ability of the Company to perform its obligations hereunder or prevent
the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated hereby.   Section
4.5 SEC Documents and Other Reports. The Company has timely filed all
required documents (including proxy statements) with the SEC since April
4, 2000 (the "Company SEC Documents"). Except as set forth in Section 4.5 of
the Company Letter, as of their respective dates, the Company SEC
Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or the Exchange
Act, as the case may be, and, at the respective times they were filed, none
of the Company SEC Documents contained any untrue statement of a material
fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements (including, in
each case, any notes thereto) of the Company included in the Company SEC
Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable
accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC
with respect thereto, were prepared in accordance with United States
generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") (except, in the case of the
unaudited statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC) applied on a
consistent basis during the periods involved (except as may be indicated
therein or in the notes thereto) and fairly presented in all material
respects the financial position of the Company as at the respective dates
thereof and the results of its operations and cash flows for the periods then
ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit
adjustments and to any other adjustments described therein). Section 4.5 of
the Company Letter contains a true, correct and complete copy of the
financial information to be included in the Company\'s earnings press release
disclosing results for the year ended December 31, 2001. Except as disclosed
in the Company SEC Documents filed with the SEC prior to the date of this
Agreement or Section 4.5 of the Company Letter, or as required by GAAP, the
Company has not, since April 4, 2000, made any change in the accounting
procedures or policies applied in the preparation of financial statements. As
of the date hereof, the Company has aggregate cash and cash equivalents of no
less than $51.0 million.   Section 4.6 Information Supplied. None of the
information supplied or to be supplied by the Company specifically for
inclusion or incorporation by reference in (i) the Offer Documents, (ii) the
Schedule 14D-9, (iii) the Information Statement or (iv) the Proxy Statement,
will (a) in the case of the Offer Documents, the Schedule 14D-9 and the
Information Statement, at the respective times the Offer Documents, the
Schedule 14D-9 and the Information Statement are filed with the SEC or first
published, sent or given to the Company\'s   11    stockholders, or (b)
in the case of the Proxy Statement, at the time the Proxy Statement is first
mailed to the Company\'s stockholders or at the time of the Stockholder
Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made,
not misleading. The Schedule 14D-9, the Information Statement and the Proxy
Statement will comply as to form in all material respects with
the requirements of the Exchange Act, except that no representation or
warranty is made by the Company with respect to statements made or
incorporated by reference therein based on information supplied by Parent or
Sub specifically for inclusion or incorporation by reference therein.  
Section 4.7 Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Except as disclosed in the
Company SEC Documents filed with the SEC prior to the date of this Agreement
(but excluding items disclosed under the heading "Factors That May Affect
Future Results" in the Company\'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2000 as filed with the SEC and similar disclosures
elsewhere in the Company SEC Documents filed prior to the date hereof (the
"Risk Factor Disclosures")) or as set forth in Section 4.7 of the Company
Letter, since December 31, 2000, (A) the Company has not incurred any
material liability or obligation (indirect, direct or contingent), or entered
into any material oral or written agreement or other transaction, that is not
in the ordinary course of business or that would result in a Material Adverse
Effect on the Company, (B) the Company has not sustained any loss or
interference with their business or properties from fire, flood, windstorm,
accident or other calamity (whether or not covered by insurance) that has had
a Material Adverse Effect on the Company, (C) there has been no change in the
capital stock of the Company, no dividend or distribution of any kind
declared, paid or made by the Company on any class of its stock and no
purchase or redemption by the Company of, nor any agreement by the Company to
purchase or redeem, any Shares or other capital stock of the Company, (D)
there has not been (v) any adoption of a new Company Plan (as defined in
Section 9.3), (w) any amendment to a Company Plan materially increasing
benefits thereunder, (x) any granting by the Company to any executive officer
or other key employee of the Company of any increase in compensation, except
in the ordinary course of business consistent with prior practice or as was
required under employment agreements in effect as of the date of the most
recent audited financial statements included in the Company SEC Documents
filed with the SEC prior to the date hereof, (y) any granting by the Company
to any such executive officer or other key employee of any increase in
severance or termination agreements in effect as of the date of the
most recent audited financial statements included in the Company SEC
Documents filed with the SEC prior to the date hereof or any grant or other
award of stock options or stock appreciation rights under the Company Stock
Option Plans (except awards of stock options under the Company Stock Option
Plans in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice) or
(z) any entry by the Company into any employment, severance or termination
agreement with any such executive officer or other key employee, (E) there
has not been any material change in the amount or terms of the indebtedness
of the Company from that described in the Company SEC Documents filed with
the SEC prior to the date hereof, (F) the Company has not prepared or filed
any Tax Return (as defined in Section 9.3) inconsistent with past practice
or, on any such Tax Return, taken any position, made any election, or adopted
any method that is inconsistent with positions taken, elections made or
methods used in preparing or filing similar Tax Returns in prior periods and
(G) there has been no event that has had a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company, nor any development that would, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company.   Section 4.8 Permits and Compliance. (a) The Company is in
possession of all franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses, permits,
easements, variances, exceptions, consents, certificates, approvals and
orders of any Governmental Entity necessary for the Company to own, lease and
operate its properties or to carry on its business as it is now being
conducted (the "Company Permits"), except where the failure to have any of
the Company Permits would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company. The permits and authorizations for
the manufacture, sale or distribution of, or reimbursement for, medical
devices offered by the Company (including, without limitation, those related
to signal emission and signal absorption in such medical devices) ("Company
Regulatory Permits") are set forth in Section 4.8 of the Company Letter. No
suspension or cancellation of any of the Company Permits is pending or, to
the Knowledge of the Company (as defined in Section 9.3), threatened, except
where the suspension or cancellation of any of the   12    Company
Permits would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse
Effect on the Company. The Company has obtained certification to ISO 9001
quality system standards through British Standards Institute ("BSI").
The Company\'s SpineCATH IDET system and its ElectroThermal Arthroscopy
System are designed and manufactured in compliance with ISO 9001 quality
system standards and United States Food and Drug Administration ("FDA")
quality system regulations. All products sold, marketed or distributed by the
Company in Europe have CE Marking authorization under European Medical Device
Directive, as audited and approved by BSI. The Company is not in violation of
(A) its charter, by-laws or other organizational documents, (B) any law,
ordinance, administrative or governmental rule or regulation, including any
consumer protection, equal opportunity, health, health care industry
regulation and third-party reimbursement laws including under any Federal
Health Care Program (as defined in Section 1128B(f) of the U.S. Federal
Social Security Act (together with all regulations promulgated thereunder,
the "SSA")) or (C) any order, decree or judgment of any Governmental Entity
having jurisdiction over the Company, except, in the case of clauses (B) and
(C), for any violations that, individually or in the aggregate, would not
have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. Without limiting the
foregoing, except as set forth in Section 4.8 of the Company Letter: (A) the
Company is in compliance in all material respects with all current applicable
statutes, rules, regulations or orders administered or issued by the FDA or
comparable foreign Governmental Entity; and (B) since December 31, 1998,
there have been no recalls, field notifications, alerts or seizures requested
or threatened relating to the products of the Company. Except as set forth in
Section 4.8 of the Company Letter, the medical devices marketed by the
Company in the United States are being marketed in the United States under
valid 510(k) or Pre-Market Approval Applications. To the Knowledge of the
Company, there is no false information or significant omission in any product
application or product-related submission made by the Company to the FDA or
comparable foreign Governmental Entity. The Company has obtained all
necessary regulatory approvals from any foreign regulatory agencies relating
to the distribution and sale of medical devices by the Company in the
respective foreign jurisdictions in which medical devices are distributed and
sold by the Company. To the Knowledge of the Company, neither the Company nor
the officers, directors, managing employees or agents (as those terms are
defined in 42 C.F.R. (S)1001.1001) of the Company: (i) have engaged in any
activities which are prohibited under, or are cause for civil penalties or
mandatory or permissive exclusion from, any Federal Health Care Program under
Sections 1128, 1128A, 1128B, or 1877 of SSA or related state or local
statutes, including knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or
receiving any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe or
rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind in
return for, or to induce, the purchase, lease, or order, or the arranging for
or recommending of the purchase, lease or order, of any item or service for
which payment may be made in whole or in part under any such program; (ii)
have had a civil monetary penalty assessed against them under Section 1128A
of SSA; (iii) have been excluded from participation under any Federal Health
Care Program; or (iv) have been convicted (as defined in 42 C.F.R. (S)1001.2)
of any of the categories of offenses described in Sections 1128(a) or
1128(b)(1), (b)(2), or (b)(3) of SSA.   (b) Except as disclosed in the
Company SEC Documents filed with the SEC  prior to the date of this Agreement
(excluding the Risk Factor Disclosures)  or Section 4.8 of the Company
Letter, the Company does not have (i) any  "material contracts" (as defined
in Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K under  the Securities Act) or (ii) any
contracts or agreements having covenants not  to compete that materially
impair the ability of the Company to conduct its  business as currently
conducted or purporting to bind any stockholder or any  Affiliated Person (as
defined in Section 4.21) of any stockholder of the  Company after the
Effective Time. Except as set forth in the Company SEC  Documents filed with
the SEC prior to the date of this Agreement (excluding  the Risk Factor
Disclosures), no event of default or event that, but for the  giving of
notice or the lapse of time or both, would constitute an event of  default
exists or, upon the consummation by the Company of the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement, will exist under any indenture, mortgage, 
loan agreement, note or other agreement or instrument for borrowed money, 
any guarantee of any agreement or instrument for borrowed money or any 
lease, contractual license or other agreement or instrument to which the 
Company is a party or by which the Company is bound or to which any of the 
properties, assets or operations of the Company is subject, other than any 
defaults that, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material 
Adverse Effect on the Company.   13     Section 4.9 Tax Matters. Except
as otherwise set forth in Section 4.9 of the Company Letter, (i) the Company
has filed all Tax Returns required to have been filed, and such Tax Returns
are correct and complete and disclose all Taxes (as defined in Section 9.3)
required to be paid by the Company for the periods covered thereby, except to
the extent that any failure to so file or any failure to be correct and
complete or to disclose all Taxes required to be paid would not, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company; (ii) all
Taxes shown to be due on such Tax Returns have been timely paid; (iii) the
Company has complied with all rules and regulations relating to the
withholding of Taxes and the remittance of withheld Taxes, except to the
extent that any failure to comply with such rules and regulations would not,
individually or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company; (iv) the Company has not waived any statute of limitations
in respect of its Taxes; (v) no Tax Returns required to have been filed by or
with respect to the Company relating to federal and state income Taxes have
ever been examined by the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") or any foreign or
state taxing authority; (vi) no issues that have been raised by the relevant
taxing authority in connection with the examination of Tax Returns required
to have been filed by or with respect to the Company are currently pending;
(vii) all deficiencies asserted or assessments made as a result of any
examination of such Tax Returns by any taxing authority have been paid in
full or properly reflected on the books of the Company; (viii) there is no
action, suit, investigation, audit, claim or assessment pending or, to the
Knowledge of the Company, proposed or threatened with respect to Taxes of the
Company; (ix) there are no liens for Taxes upon the assets of the Company
except liens relating to current Taxes not yet due; (x) the Company has not
been a member of any group of corporations filing Tax Returns on a
consolidated, combined, unitary or similar basis other than each such group
of which it is currently a member; (xi) no transaction contemplated by this
Agreement is subject to withholding under Section 1445 of the Code (relating
to "FIRPTA") and no stock transfer Taxes, sales Taxes, use Taxes, real estate
transfer Taxes, or other similar Taxes will be imposed on the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement; (xii) except as may be limited by the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the "regular" and, if
applicable, "alternative minimum tax" net operating loss carry forwards of
the Company for each of the taxable years ended on or prior to December 31,
2001 (collectively, the "NOLs") are set forth (for each year) in Section 4.9
of the Company Letter and are each available to the Company for the period
set forth in Section 172(b)(1)(A) of the Code as in effect for the taxable
year in which the applicable NOL was incurred; and (xiii) except as may be
limited as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
immediately prior to the Effective Time, none of the NOLs will constitute
separate return limitation year (SRLY) losses, consolidated return change of
ownership (CRCO) losses or "dual consolidated losses" (as defined in Section
1503 of the Code and the regulations thereunder) and none of the NOLs will be
limited by sections 382 or 384 of the Code and the
regulations thereunder.   Section 4.10 Actions and Proceedings. Except as
set forth in Section 4.10 of the Company Letter, there are no outstanding
orders, judgments, injunctions, awards or decrees of any Governmental Entity
against or involving the Company, or against or involving any of the present
or former directors, officers, employees, consultants, agents or stockholders
of the Company with respect to the Company, any of the properties, assets or
business of the Company or any Company Plan that, individually or in the
aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company or materially
impair the ability of the Company to perform its obligations hereunder.
Except as set forth in Section 4.10 of the Company Letter, there are no
actions, suits or claims or legal, administrative or arbitrative proceedings
or investigations (including claims for workers\' compensation) pending or,
to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against or involving the Company
or any of its present or former directors, officers, employees, consultants,
agents or stockholders with respect to the Company, or any of the properties,
assets or business of the Company or any Company Plan that, individually or
in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company or
materially impair the ability of the Company to perform its obligations
hereunder. There are no actions, suits, labor disputes or other litigation,
legal or administrative proceedings or governmental investigations pending
or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the
Company or any of its or their present or former officers, directors,
employees, consultants, agents or stockholders with respect to the Company,
or any of the properties, assets or business of the Company relating to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Stockholder
Agreements.   14     Section 4.11 Compensation Agreements. Except as set
forth in Section 4.11 of the Company Letter, no Company Plan and no
Compensation Agreement (as defined in Section 9.3) provides that any benefit
will be increased, or the vesting or payment of any benefit will be
accelerated, by the occurrence of any of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement or that the value of any benefit will be calculated on the
basis of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Section 4.11
of the Company Letter sets forth (i) for each person who will receive
benefits under any Company Plan or Compensation Agreement as a result of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the total amount that such
person may receive, or is eligible to receive, assuming that the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement were consummated on the date hereof, and (ii)
the total amount of indebtedness owed to the Company from each officer,
director, or employee or consultant of the Company.   Section 4.12 Employee
Benefits. (a) Each Company Plan is listed in Section 4.12(a) of the Company
Letter. With respect to each Company Plan, the Company has provided to Parent
a true and correct copy of the following documents, to the extent they apply
to such plan: (i) the three most recent annual reports (Form 5500) filed with
the IRS, (ii) all documents including trust agreements, insurance and annuity
contracts and administration agreements, (iii) a written summary of the
Company Plan if the Company Plan is unwritten, (iv) the most recent summary
plan description and other written explanations of each Company Plan provided
to participants, beneficiaries and parties thereto, (v) the most recent
determination letter issued by the IRS and request therefor, (vi) any request
for a determination letter currently pending before the IRS and (vii) all
correspondence with the IRS, the Department of Labor, or the SEC relating to
any outstanding controversy. Each Company Plan complies in all
material respects with ERISA, the Code and all other applicable statutes
and governmental rules and regulations. Neither the Company nor any ERISA
Affiliate currently maintains, contributes to or has any liability under, or
at any time has maintained, contributed to or had any liability under, any
plan which is subject to Section 412 of the Code, Section 302 of ERISA or
Title IV of ERISA. Neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate currently
maintains, contributes to or has any liability under, or at any time has
maintained, contributed to or had any liability under, any "multiemployer
plan" (as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA).   (b) Each Compensation
Agreement is listed in Section 4.12(b) of the  Company Letter. With respect
to each Compensation Agreement, the Company has  provided to Parent a true
and complete copy of (i) all documents, including  trust agreements and
insurance and annuity contracts, (ii) a written summary  if the Compensation
Agreement is unwritten, and (iii) the most recent  written explanations
provided to participants, beneficiaries and parties  thereto.   (c) Except
as set forth in Section 4.12(c) of the Company Letter, with  respect to each
Company Plan and Compensation Agreement, no event has  occurred and there
exists no condition or set of circumstances in connection  with which the
Company or any ERISA Affiliate or Company Plan fiduciary  could be subject to
any liability under the terms of such Company Plan,  Compensation Agreement,
ERISA, the Code or any other applicable law except  for such liabilities
which have not had and would not have, individually or  in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company. Except as set  forth in Section
4.12(c) of the Company Letter, each Company Plan and  Compensation Agreement
has been administered in all material respects in  accordance with its terms.
All Company Plans that are intended to be  qualified under Section 401(a) of
the Code have been determined by the IRS  to be so qualified or may rely on
an opinion letter issued with respect to a  standardized prototype plan
adopted in accordance with the requirements for  such reliance, or a timely
application for such determination is now pending  or there is time remaining
for such application, and the Company is not  aware of any reason why any
such Company Plan is not so qualified in form or  operation. Except as set
forth in Section 4.12(c) of the Company Letter,  neither the Company nor any
ERISA Affiliate has any liability or obligation  under any welfare plan to
provide benefits after termination of employment  to any person other than as
required by Part 6 of Title I of ERISA or any  similar state law (together,
"COBRA"). Neither the Company nor any ERISA  Affiliate has failed to comply
in all material respects with COBRA. The  Company and each ERISA Affiliate is
in compliance in all material respects  with the requirements of the Workers
Adjustment and Retraining Notification  Act and any similar state law.  
15     (d) Section 4.12(d) of the Company Letter contains a list of all
Company  Plans and Compensation Agreements containing change of control or
similar  provisions.   (e) Except as set forth in Section 4.12(e) of the
Company Letter, no  payment or other benefit, and no acceleration of the
vesting of any options,  payments or other benefits, will be, as a direct or
indirect result of the  transactions contemplated by this Agreement, an
"excess parachute payment"  to a "disqualified individual" as those terms are
defined in Section 280G of  the Code and the regulations thereunder. Except
as set forth in Section  4.12(e) of the Company Letter, no payment or other
benefit, and no  acceleration of the vesting of any options, payments or
other benefits,  will, as a direct or indirect result of the transactions
contemplated by  this Agreement, be (or under Section 280G of the Code and
the regulations  thereunder be presumed to be) a "parachute payment" to a
"disqualified  individual" as those terms are defined in Section 280G of the
Code and the  regulations thereunder, without regard to whether such payment
or  acceleration is reasonable compensation for personal services performed
or  to be performed in the future. The Company has no obligation under any 
Company Plan, Compensation Agreement or otherwise to "gross up" or otherwise 
compensate any person because of the imposition of any excise tax (including 
interest and penalties) because of the applicability of Section 4999 of the 
Code.   (f) Except as set forth in Section 4.12(f) of the Company Letter,
no  Company Plan or Compensation Agreement is subject to laws outside of
the  United States.   Section 4.13 Liabilities. Except (i) as set forth in
Section 4.13 of the Company Letter, (ii) as and to the extent reflected or
reserved against in the Company SEC Documents filed prior to the date hereof,
or disclosed in the footnotes thereto, (iii) liabilities and obligations
incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices
since September 30, 2001 and (iv) liabilities and obligations that have not
had and would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect on the Company, the Company has no liabilities or obligations of any
nature, absolute or contingent.   Section 4.14 Labor Matters; Worker Safety
Laws. (a) The Company has complied with all applicable laws, ordinances,
rules and regulations respecting employment and employment practices, terms
and conditions of employment, wages and hours, except for such failures to
comply which would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect on the Company, and the Company is not liable for any arrears
of wages or any Taxes or penalties for failure to comply with any such laws,
ordinances, rules or regulations. Except as set forth in Section 4.14 of the
Company Letter, the Company is not a party to any collective bargaining
agreement or labor contract. The Company has not engaged in any unfair labor
practice with respect to any persons employed by or otherwise performing
services primarily for the Company (the "Company Business Personnel"), and
there is no unfair labor practice complaint or grievance against the Company
by any person pursuant to the National Labor Relations Act or any comparable
state or foreign law pending or threatened in writing with respect to the
Company Business Personnel, except where such unfair labor practice,
complaint or grievance would not have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company. There is no labor strike, dispute, slowdown or stoppage pending or,
to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company
which may interfere with the respective business activities of the Company,
except where such dispute, strike or work stoppage would not have a Material
Adverse Effect on the Company. There are no claims, causes of
action, charges, suits, complaints, administrative proceedings,
governmental proceedings, arbitrations or other proceedings pending or, to
the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company, and, to the
Knowledge of the Company, there is no investigation of any Governmental
Entity pending or threatened, relating to employment or employment practices
with respect to any employee or former employee or director of the Company.
To the Knowledge of the Company, there is no basis for any claim or assertion
of liability against the Company under any federal, state or local law
relating to employment or employment practices relating to any employee or
former employee or director of the Company.   (b) The properties, assets
and operations of the Company are in  compliance with all applicable federal,
state, local and foreign laws, rules  and regulations, orders, decrees,
judgments, permits and licenses relating  to public and worker health and
safety (collectively, "Worker Safety Laws"),  except for any violations
that,   16     individually or in the aggregate, would not have a
Material Adverse Effect  on the Company. With respect to such properties,
assets and operations  currently owned, leased or operated by the Company,
and with respect to any  properties, assets or operations previously owned,
leased or operated by the  Company, to the Knowledge of the Company, during
any time such properties,  assets and operations were owned, leased or
operated by the Company, there  are no past or present events, conditions,
circumstances, activities,  practices, incidents, actions or plans of the
Company that may interfere  with or prevent compliance or continued
compliance with applicable Worker  Safety Laws, other than such interference
or prevention as would not,  individually or in the aggregate with any such
other interference or  prevention, have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company.   Section 4.15 Intellectual Property (a) As used herein,
"Company Intellectual Property" means all trademarks, trademark
registrations, trademark rights and renewals thereof, trade names, trade name
rights, patents, patent rights, patent applications, industrial models,
inventions, invention disclosures, designs, utility models, inventor rights,
software, computer programs, computer systems, modules and related data and
materials, copyrights, copyright registrations and renewals thereof,
servicemarks, servicemark registrations and renewals thereof, servicemark
rights, trade secrets, applications for trademark and servicemark
registrations, know-how, confidential information and other proprietary
rights, and any data and information of any nature or form used or held for
use in connection with the businesses of the Company as currently conducted
or as currently contemplated by the Company, together with all applications
currently pending or in process for any of the foregoing. Section 4.15 of the
Company Letter contains a list and description (showing in each case any
product, device, process, service, business or publication covered thereby,
the registered or other owner, expiration date and number, if any) of all
registered patents and trademarks owned by, licensed to or used by the
Company.   (b) The Company Intellectual Property is valid and enforceable.
Except as  disclosed in the Company SEC Documents filed with the SEC prior to
the date  of this Agreement (excluding the Risk Factor Disclosures), the
Company owns,  or possesses adequate licenses or other valid rights to use
(including the  right to sublicense to customers, suppliers or others as
needed), all of the  material Company Intellectual Property that is necessary
for the conduct or  contemplated conduct of the Company\'s businesses.
Section 4.15 of the  Company Letter lists each license or other agreement
pursuant to which the  Company has the right to use Company Intellectual
Property utilized in  connection with any product of, or service provided by,
the Company, the  cancellation or expiration of which would have a Material
Adverse Effect on  the Company (the "Company Licenses"). Except as set forth
in Section 4.15 of  the Company Letter, there are no pending, or, to the
Knowledge of the  Company, threatened interferences, re-examinations,
oppositions or  cancellation proceedings involving any patents or patent
rights, trademarks  or trademark rights, or applications therefor, of the
Company, except such  as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a
Material Adverse  Effect on the Company. There is no breach or violation by
the Company under,  and, to the Knowledge of the Company, there is no breach
or violation by any  other party to, any Company License that is reasonably
likely to give rise  to any termination or any loss of rights thereunder. To
the Knowledge of the  Company, there has been no unauthorized disclosure or
use of confidential  information, trade secret rights, processes and
formulas, research and  development results and other know-how of the
Company, except where such  disclosure or use of such information would not,
individually or in the  aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company. To the Knowledge  of the Company, the conduct of the business of the
Company as currently  conducted or contemplated does not and will not
infringe upon or conflict  with, in any way, any license, trademark,
trademark right, trade name, trade  name right, patent issued as of the date
hereof, patent right, industrial  model, invention, service mark, service
mark right, copyright or trade  secret of any third party that, individually
or in the aggregate, would have  a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.
The Company has the sole and  exclusive right to bring actions for
infringement or unauthorized use of the  Company Intellectual Property owned
by the Company. Except as disclosed in  the Company SEC Documents filed with
the SEC prior to the date of this  Agreement or Section 4.15 of the Company
Letter, to the Knowledge of the  Company, there are no infringements of, or
conflicts with, any Company  Intellectual Property which, individually or in
the aggregate, would have a   17     Material Adverse Effect on the
Company. Except as set forth in Section 4.15  of the Company Letter, the
Company has not licensed or otherwise permitted  the use by any third party
of any proprietary information or Company  Intellectual Property on terms or
in a manner which, individually or in the  aggregate, would have a Material
Adverse Effect on the Company.   (c) To the Knowledge of the Company, each
of the employees, agents,  consultants or contractors who have contributed to
or participated in the  creation or development of any copyrightable,
patentable or trade secret  material on behalf of the Company either: (i) is
a party to a  "work-for-hire" agreement under which the Company is deemed to
be the  original owner/author of all property rights therein; or (ii) has
executed  an assignment or an agreement to assign in favor of the Company of
all  right, title and interest in such material.   Section 4.16 Title to
Assets. (a) As of the date hereof, the Company possesses, and as of the
Effective Time the Company will possess, good and marketable title to all of
its assets, free and clear of any and all mortgages, liens, encumbrances,
charges, claims, restrictions, pledges, security interests or impositions,
except as set forth in the Company SEC Documents filed with the SEC prior to
the date of this Agreement (excluding the Risk Factor Disclosures), or
Section 4.16 of the Company Letter.   (b) The Company does not own any Real
Estate (as defined in Section 9.3).  Section 4.16 of the Company Letter sets
forth a list of all Real Estate  leased by the Company. There are no pending,
or to the Knowledge of the  Company, threatened condemnation proceedings
against or affecting any Real  Estate leased by the Company. The leases to
all Real Estate occupied by the  Company are in full force and effect and no
event has occurred which with  the passage of time, the giving of notice, or
both, would constitute a  default or event of default by the Company or, to
the Knowledge of the  Company, any other person who is a party signatory
thereto, other than such  defaults or events of default which, individually
or in the aggregate, would  not have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company.   Section 4.17 Inventories. Except as set forth in Section 4.17 of
the Company Letter, all inventories of the Company (net of the
obsolescence reserves therefor shown in the financial statements included in
the Company SEC Documents and determined in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice) consist of items of merchantable quality and
quantity usable or salable in the ordinary course of business and are salable
at prevailing market prices that are not less than the book value amounts
thereof or the price customarily charged by the Company therefor. Except as
set forth in Section 4.17 of the Company Letter, the quantities of all
inventories, materials, and supplies of the Company (net of the obsolescence
reserves therefor shown in the financial statements included in the Company
SEC Documents and determined in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice) are not obsolete, damaged, slow-moving, defective, or
excessive, and are, in the Company\'s judgment, reasonable and balanced.  
Section 4.18 Environmental Matters.   (a) For purposes of this Agreement,
the following terms shall have the  following meanings: (i) "Hazardous
Substances" means (A) petroleum and  petroleum products, by-products or
breakdown products, radioactive  materials, asbestos-containing materials and
polychlorinated biphenyls, and  (B) any other chemicals, materials or
substances regulated as toxic or  hazardous or as a pollutant, contaminant or
waste or for which liability or  standards of care are imposed under any
applicable Environmental Law;  (ii) "Environmental Law" means any United
States federal, state or local, or  foreign law, past, present or future and
as amended, and any judicial or  administrative interpretation thereof,
including any judicial or  administrative order, consent decree or judgment,
or common law, relating to  pollution or protection of the environment,
health or safety or natural  resources, including those relating to the use,
handling, transportation,  treatment, storage, disposal, release or discharge
of Hazardous Substances;  and (iii) "Environmental Permit" means any permit,
approval, identification  number, license or other authorization required
under any applicable  Environmental Law.   (b) Except as disclosed in
Section 4.18 of the Company Letter, the  Company is and has been in
compliance in all material respects with all  applicable Environmental Laws,
have obtained all   18     Environmental Permits and is in compliance
with their requirements, and has  resolved all past non-compliance with
Environmental Laws and Environmental  Permits without any pending, on-going
or future obligation, cost or  liability, except in each case for the notices
set forth in Section 4.18 of  the Company Letter or where such non-compliance
would not, individually or  in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect
on the Company.   (c) Except as disclosed in Section 4.18 of the Company
Letter, the  Company has not (i) placed, held, located, released, transported
or disposed  of any Hazardous Substances on, under, from or at any of the
Company\'s or  any other properties, nor caused any conditions that
constitute a violation  of any Environmental Law, other than in a manner that
would not, in all such  cases taken individually or in the aggregate, result
in a Material Adverse  Effect on the Company, (ii) to the Knowledge of the
Company, released any  Hazardous Substances on, under, emanating from, or at
any of the Company\'s  properties or any other property but arising from the
Company\'s current or  former operations, other than in a manner that would
not result in a  Material Adverse Effect on the Company, or (iii) to the
Knowledge of the  Company, received any written notice since January 1, 1996
(A) of any  violation of or liability under any Environmental Laws, (B) of
the  institution or pendency of any suit, action, claim, proceeding or 
investigation by any Governmental Entity or any third party in connection 
with any such violation or liability, (C) requiring the investigation of, 
response to or remediation of Hazardous Substances at or arising from any of 
the Company\'s current or former properties or operations or any other 
properties, (D) alleging noncompliance by the Company with the terms of any 
Environmental Permit in any manner reasonably likely to require material 
expenditures or to result in material liability or (E) demanding payment for 
response to or remediation of Hazardous Substances at or arising from any of 
the Company\'s current or former properties or operations or any other 
properties, except in each case for the notices set forth in Section 4.18 of 
the Company Letter.   (d) Except as disclosed in Section 4.18 of the Company
Letter, no  Environmental Law imposes any obligation upon the Company arising
out of or  as a condition to any transaction contemplated by this Agreement,
including  any requirement to modify or to transfer any permit or license,
any  requirement to file any notice or other submission with any
Governmental  Entity, the placement of any notice, acknowledgement or
covenant in any land  records, or the modification or provision of notice
under any agreement,  consent order or consent decree.   (e) The Company
has provided or made available to Parent copies of any  environmental
assessment or audit report or other similar studies or  analyses currently in
the possession of or available to the Company relating  to any Real Estate
currently or formerly owned, leased or occupied by the  Company.   Section
4.19 State Takeover Statutes; Rights Agreement. (a) The Board of Directors of
the Company has, to the extent such statutes are applicable, taken all action
so to render the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL inapplicable to the
Offer, the Merger and the Stockholder Agreements and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Stockholder
Agreements. As of the date hereof, no other state takeover statute or similar
charter or bylaw provisions are applicable to the Offer, the Merger, this
Agreement, the Stockholder Agreements and the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby.   (b) An amendment to the Rights Agreement, in the form
of Exhibit C, has  been duly approved by the Company\'s Board of Directors
and duly executed and  delivered by the Company and American Stock Transfer and
Trust Company, as  rights agent, and such amendment is sufficient to render
the Rights and the  Rights Agreement inapplicable to the Offer, the Merger
and the Stockholder  Agreements.   Section 4.20 Required Vote of Company
Stockholders. The affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of
the shares of Company Common Stock entitled to vote is required to adopt this
Agreement. No other vote of the security holders of the Company is required
by law, the Company Charter or the By-Laws of the Company or otherwise in
order for the Company to consummate the Merger and the transactions
contemplated hereby.   19     Section 4.21 Transactions with Affiliates.
(a) For purposes of this Agreement, "Affiliated Person" means (i) any holder
of 2% or more of the Company Common Stock, (ii) any director, officer or
senior executive of the Company, (iii) any person, firm or corporation that
directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control
with, the Company or (iv) any member of the immediate family or any of such
persons, in each case other than Parent or its Subsidiaries.   (b) Except
as set forth in Section 4.21 of the Company Letter or in the  Company SEC
Documents filed with the SEC prior to the date of this Agreement  (excluding
the Risk Factor Disclosures), to the Knowledge of the Company,  since
December 31, 2000, the Company has not, in the ordinary course of  business
or otherwise, (i) purchased, leased or otherwise acquired any  material
property or assets or obtained any material services from, (ii)  sold, leased
or otherwise disposed of any material property or assets or  provided any
material services to (except with respect to remuneration for  services
rendered in the ordinary course of business as director, officer or  employee
of the Company), (iii) entered into or modified in any manner any  contract
with, or (iv) borrowed any money from, or made or forgiven any loan  or other
advance (other than expenses or similar advances made in the  ordinary course
of business) to, any Affiliated Person.   (c) Except as set forth in Section
4.21 of the Company Letter or in the  Company SEC Documents filed with the
SEC prior to the date of this Agreement  (excluding the Risk Factor
Disclosures), to the Knowledge of the Company,  (i) the contracts of the
Company do not include any material obligation or  commitment between the
Company and any Affiliated Person, (ii) the assets of  the Company do not
include any receivable or other obligation or commitment  from an Affiliated
Person to the Company and (iii) the liabilities of the  Company do not
include any payable or other obligation or commitment from  the Company to
any Affiliated Person.   (d) To the Knowledge of the Company and except as
set forth in Section  4.21 of the Company Letter or in the Company SEC
Documents filed with the  SEC prior to the date of this Agreement (excluding
the Risk Factor  Disclosures), no Affiliated Person of the Company is a party
to any contract  with any supplier of the Company that affects in any
material manner the  business, financial condition or results of operation of
the Company.   Section 4.22 Suppliers; Sales Representatives. (a) The
Company has not received any written or oral notice and the Company does not
otherwise have Knowledge that any significant supplier will not sell raw
materials, supplies, merchandise or other goods to the Company at any time
after the Effective Time on terms and conditions substantially similar to
those currently in effect with respect to sales to the Company, subject only
to general and customary price increases.   (b) (i) Except as set forth in
Section 4.22(b)(i) of the Company Letter,  each agreement between the Company
and its sales representatives and  distributors may be terminated without
penalty by the Company upon delivery  of 30 days or less notice to the other
party thereto.   (ii) The Sales Representative Agreements listed in
Section  4.22(b)(ii) of the Company Letter (the "Designated Distributor 
Agreements") may be terminated by the Company without penalty upon  delivery
of the required notice with respect to each such agreement set  forth in
Section 4.22(b)(ii) of the Company Letter.   Section 4.23 Insurance. All
material fire and casualty, general liability, business interruption, product
liability, and sprinkler and water damage insurance policies maintained by
the Company are with reputable insurance carriers, provide full and adequate
coverage for all normal risks incident to the business of the Company and its
properties and assets, and are, in the reasonable judgment of the Company, in
character and amount at least equivalent to that carried by persons engaged
in similar businesses and subject to the same or similar perils or hazards,
except for any such failures to maintain insurance policies that,
individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect on
the Company. The Company has made any and all payments required to maintain
such policies in full force and effect. Except as set forth in Section 4.23
of the Company Letter, the Company has not received notice of default under
any such policy, or has received written   20    notice or, to the
Knowledge of the Company, oral notice of any pending or threatened
termination or cancellation, coverage limitation or reduction or material
premium increase with respect to such policy.   Section 4.24 Accounts
Receivable. All of the accounts and notes receivable of the Company set forth
on the books and records of the Company (net of the applicable reserves
reflected on the books and records of the Company and in the financial
statements included in the Company SEC Documents) (i) represent sales
actually made or transactions actually effected in the ordinary course
of business for goods or services delivered or rendered to unaffiliated
customers in bona fide arm\'s length transactions, (ii) constitute valid
claims, and (iii) are good and collectible at the aggregate recorded amounts
thereof (net of such reserves) without right of recourse, defense, deduction,
return of goods, counterclaim, or offset and have been or will be collected
in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past experience.  
Section 4.25 Products. (a) Except as set forth in Section 4.25 of the Company
Letter, since December 31, 2000, the Company has not received a claim for or
based upon breach of product warranty (other than warranty service and repair
claims in the ordinary course of business not material in amount
or significance), strict liability in tort, negligent manufacture of
product, negligent provision of services or any other allegation of
liability, including or resulting in product recalls, arising from the
materials, design, testing, manufacture, packaging, labeling (including
instructions for use), or sale of its products or from the provision of
services; and, to the Knowledge of the Company, there is no basis for any
such claim which, if asserted, would have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company. No product sold or delivered or service rendered by the Company is
subject to any guaranty, warranty or other indemnity beyond the applicable
standard terms and conditions of sale for products delivered and services
rendered by the Company, copies of which have previously been delivered to
Parent.   (b) The Company has provided to Parent a schedule of products in 
development and planned introductions, a copy of which is attached to 
Section 4.25 of the Company Letter.   (c) To the Knowledge of the Company,
as of the date hereof, the results  of the Company\'s Tyler, Texas double-
blind study indicate that the ultimate  results of such study will not be
negative.   Section 4.26 Brokers. No broker, investment banker or other
person, other than J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., the fees and expenses of
which will be paid by the Company (as reflected in an agreement between J.P.
Morgan Securities Inc. and the Company, a copy of which has been furnished to
Parent), is entitled to any broker\'s, finder\'s or other similar fee or
commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Company.   ARTICLE
V   COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS   Section 5.1 Conduct of
Business by the Company Pending the Merger. Except as expressly permitted by
clauses (i) through (xviii) of this Section 5.1, during the period from the
date of this Agreement through the Effective Time, the Company shall in all
material respects carry on its business in the ordinary course of its
business as currently conducted and, to the extent consistent therewith, use
reasonable best efforts to preserve intact its current business
organizations, keep available the services of its current officers and
employees and preserve its relationships with customers, suppliers and others
having business dealings with it to the end that its goodwill and ongoing
business shall be unimpaired at the Effective Time. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, the Company shall not without the prior written
consent of Parent:   (i) (A) declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, or
make any other  actual, constructive or deemed distributions in respect of,
any of its  capital stock, or otherwise make any payments to its stockholders
in  their capacity as such, (B) split, combine or reclassify any of its 
capital stock or issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities  in
respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of its   21    
capital stock or (C) purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of 
capital stock of the Company or any other securities thereof or any  rights,
warrants or options to acquire any such shares or other  securities;   (ii)
issue, deliver, sell, pledge, grant, dispose of or otherwise  encumber any
shares of its capital stock, any other voting securities or  equity
equivalent or any securities convertible into, or any rights,  warrants or
options to acquire any such shares, voting securities,  equity equivalent or
convertible securities, other than (A) the issuance  of shares of Company
Common Stock upon the exercise of Company Stock  Options or the Company
Warrant outstanding on the date of this Agreement  in accordance with their
current terms and (B) the issuance of shares of  Company Common Stock
pursuant to the Company Stock Purchase Plan in  accordance with Section 6.5
of this Agreement;   (iii) amend its charter or by-laws or equivalent
organizational  documents;   (iv) acquire or agree to acquire by merging or
consolidating with, or  by purchasing a substantial portion of the assets of
or equity in, or by  any other manner, any business or any corporation,
limited liability  company, partnership, association or other business
organization or  division thereof or otherwise acquire or agree to acquire
any assets;   (v) sell, lease, pledge or otherwise dispose of or encumber,
or agree  to sell, lease, pledge or otherwise dispose of or encumber, any of
its  assets with a fair market value in excess of $100,000, other than
sales  of inventory that are in the ordinary course of business consistent
with  past practice;   (vi) (A) incur any indebtedness for borrowed money,
guarantee any  such indebtedness or make any loans, advances or capital
contributions  to, or other investments in, any other person or entity, other
than in  the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices and,
in  the case of indebtedness and guarantees, in an amount not to exceed 
$250,000, or (B) invest its cash or reinvest its maturing investments in 
investments other than certificates of deposit, direct obligations of  the
United States government, money market instruments and obligations  of any
corporation which at the time of purchase are rated AA or better  by Standard
and Poor\'s Corporation, Inc., in each case, having maturity of  no more than
30 days;   (vii) alter (through merger, liquidation, reorganization, 
restructuring or in any other fashion) the corporate structure or  ownership
of the Company or form any Subsidiary;   (viii) except as provided in
Section 6.5, enter into or adopt any, or  amend any existing, severance plan,
agreement or arrangement or enter  into or amend any Company Plan or
Compensation Agreement;   (ix) increase the compensation payable or to
become payable to its  directors, officers, employees, consultants or other
service providers  (except for increases in the ordinary course of business
consistent with  past practice in salaries or wages of employees of the
Company who are  not officers of the Company) or grant any severance or
termination pay  to, or enter into any employment or other agreement with,
any director,  officer, employee, consultant or other service provider of the
Company,  or establish, adopt, enter into, or, except as may be required to
comply  with applicable law, amend or take action to enhance or accelerate
any  rights or benefits under, any labor, collective bargaining, bonus, 
profit sharing, thrift, compensation, stock option, restricted stock, 
pension, retirement, deferred compensation, employment, termination, 
severance or other plan, agreement, trust, fund, policy or arrangement  for
the benefit of any director, officer, employee, consultant or other  service
provider;   (x) knowingly violate or knowingly fail to perform any
obligation or  duty imposed upon it by any applicable material federal,
state, local or  foreign law, rule, regulation, guideline or ordinance;  
(xi) make any change to accounting policies or procedures (other than 
actions required to be taken by GAAP);   22     (xii) prepare or file
any Tax Return inconsistent with past practice  or, on any such Tax Return,
take any position, make any election, or  adopt any method that is
inconsistent with positions taken, elections  made or methods used in
preparing or filing similar Tax Returns in prior  periods;   (xiii) settle
or compromise any Tax liability;   (xiv) settle or compromise any claims or
litigation in excess of  $50,000 or commence any litigation or
proceedings;   (xv) enter into or amend any agreement or contract (i) having
a term  in excess of 12 months and which is not terminable by the Company 
without penalty or premium by notice of 60 days or less or (ii) which 
involves or is expected to involve payments of $25,000 or more during  the
term thereof; enter into, amend or terminate any other agreement or  contract
material to the Company, taken as a whole; or purchase any real  property, or
make or agree to make any new capital expenditure or  expenditures (other
than the purchase of real property) which in the  aggregate are in excess of
$50,000;   (xvi) pay, discharge or satisfy any claims, liabilities or 
obligations (absolute, accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent or 
otherwise), other than the payment, discharge or satisfaction of any  such
claims, liabilities or obligations in the ordinary course of  business
consistent with past practice or in accordance with their terms;   (xvii)
file any application for national coverage under Medicare of  the Company\'s
spine products; or   (xviii) authorize, recommend, propose or announce an
intention to do  any of the foregoing, or enter into any contract, agreement,
commitment  or arrangement to do any of the foregoing.   Section 5.2 No
Solicitation. (a) The Company shall not, nor shall it authorize or permit any
officer, director or employee of or any financial advisor, attorney or other
advisor or representative of, the Company to, directly or indirectly (i)
solicit, initiate or encourage the submission of, any Takeover Proposal (as
defined in Section 9.3), (ii) enter into any agreement with respect to or
approve or recommend any Takeover Proposal or (iii) participate in any
discussions or negotiations regarding, or furnish to any person any
information with respect to the Company in connection with, or take any other
action to cooperate in any way with respect to, or assist in or facilitate
any inquiries or the making of any proposal that constitutes, or
may reasonably be expected to lead to, any Takeover Proposal; provided,
however, that nothing contained in this Section 5.2(a) shall prohibit the
Company or its directors from (i) complying with Rule 14e-2 promulgated under
the Exchange Act with regard to a tender or exchange offer or (ii) referring
a third party to this Section 5.2(a) or making a copy of this Section 5.2(a)
available to any third party; and provided, further, that prior to the
acceptance for payment of Shares pursuant to the Offer, if the Board of
Directors of the Company reasonably determines that a Takeover Proposal
constitutes a Superior Proposal (as defined in Section 9.3), then, to the
extent required by the fiduciary obligations of the Board of Directors of the
Company, as determined in good faith by a majority thereof after consultation
with independent counsel (who may be the Company\'s regularly engaged
independent counsel), the Company may, in response to an unsolicited request
therefor, and subject to compliance with Section 5.2(b), furnish information
with respect to the Company to any person making such Takeover Proposal
pursuant to a confidentiality agreement, in customary form and in any event
containing terms, taken as a whole, at least as stringent as those contained
in the Confidentiality Agreement (as defined in Section 6.2), and participate
in discussions or negotiations with such person. Without limiting the
foregoing, it is understood that any violation of the restrictions set forth
in the preceding sentence by any officer or director of the Company or any
financial advisor, attorney or other advisor or representative of the
Company, whether or not such person is purporting to act on behalf of the
Company or otherwise, shall be deemed to be a breach of this Section 5.2(a)
by the Company.   (b) The Company shall advise Parent orally and in writing
of (i) any  Takeover Proposal or any request for information with respect to
any  Takeover Proposal received by any officer or director of the Company or,
to  the Knowledge of the Company, any financial advisor, attorney or other 
advisor or representative of   23     the Company, (ii) the material
terms of such Takeover Proposal (including a  copy of any written proposal),
and (iii) the identity of the person making  any such Takeover Proposal or
inquiry no later than 24 hours following  receipt of such Takeover Proposal
or inquiry. If the Company intends to  furnish any Person with any
information with respect to any Takeover  Proposal in accordance with Section
5.2(a), the Company shall advise Parent  orally and in writing of such
intention not less than 48 hours in advance of  providing such information.
The Company will keep Parent fully informed of  any material changes to the
status or material terms of any such Takeover  Proposal or inquiry.  
Section 5.3 Third Party Standstill Agreements. During the period from
the date of this Agreement through the Effective Time, the Company shall
not terminate, amend, modify or waive any provision of any confidentiality
or standstill agreement to which the Company is a party (other than any
involving Parent). During such period, the Company agrees to enforce, to the
fullest extent permitted under applicable law, the provisions of any such
agreements, including, but not limited to, obtaining injunctions to prevent
any breaches of such agreements and to enforce specifically the terms and
provisions thereof in any court of the United States or any state thereof
having jurisdiction.   ARTICLE VI   ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS   Section 6.1
Stockholder Meeting. (a) If required by applicable law in order to consummate
the Merger, the Company will duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a
meeting of stockholders (the "Stockholder Meeting") for the purpose of
considering the adoption of this Agreement and at such meeting call for a
vote and shall solicit proxies to be voted in respect of the approval
and adoption of this Agreement. The Stockholder Meeting shall be held as soon
as practicable following the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer, or,
if later, the expiration of any subsequent offering period under Section
1.1 hereof, and the Company will, through its Board of Directors, recommend
to its stockholders the approval of this Agreement, and shall not withdraw or
modify such recommendation. The record date for the Stockholder Meeting shall
be a date subsequent to the date Parent or Sub becomes a record holder of
Company Common Stock purchased pursuant to the Offer.   (b) If required by
applicable law in order to consummate the Merger, the  Company shall, at
Parent\'s request, as soon as practicable following the  expiration of the
Offer, or, if later, the expiration of any subsequent  offering period under
Section 1.1 hereof, prepare and file a preliminary  Proxy Statement with the
SEC and shall use its reasonable best efforts to  respond to any comments of
the SEC or its staff and to cause the Proxy  Statement to be mailed to the
Company\'s stockholders as promptly as  practicable after responding to all
such comments to the satisfaction of the  staff. The Company shall notify
Parent promptly of the receipt of any  comments from the SEC or its staff and
of any request by the SEC or its  staff for amendments or supplements to the
Proxy Statement or for additional  information and will supply Parent with
copies of all correspondence between  the Company or any of its
representatives, on the one hand, and the SEC or  its staff, on the other
hand, with respect to the Proxy Statement or the  Merger. If at any time
prior to the Stockholder Meeting there shall occur  any event that should be
set forth in an amendment or supplement to the  Proxy Statement, the Company
shall promptly prepare and mail to its  stockholders such an amendment or
supplement. The Company shall not mail any  Proxy Statement, or any amendment
or supplement thereto, to which Parent  reasonably objects. Parent shall
cooperate with the Company in the  preparation of the Proxy Statement or any
amendment or supplement thereto,  including the supply of any information
required to be included in the Proxy  Statement regarding Parent or Sub.  
(c) Parent agrees to cause all Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer and 
any other Shares owned by Parent or any subsidiary of Parent to be voted in 
favor of approval of the Merger.   Section 6.2 Access to Information.
Subject in all cases to currently existing contractual and legal restrictions
applicable to the Company, the Company shall afford to the accountants,
counsel, financial advisors and other representatives of Parent reasonable
access during normal business hours to, and permit them to make  
24    such inspections during normal business hours as they may reasonably
require of, during the period from the date of this Agreement through the
Effective Time, all of their respective properties, books, contracts,
commitments and records (including accounting records and Tax Returns and the
work papers of independent accountants, if available and subject to the
consent of such independent accountants) and, during such period, the Company
shall (i) promptly make available to Parent a copy of each report, schedule,
registration statement and other document filed by it during such period
pursuant to the requirements of federal or state securities laws, (ii)
furnish promptly to Parent all other information concerning its business,
properties and personnel as Parent may reasonably request and (iii) direct
requests for access to personnel of the Company knowledgeable about matters
relevant to such inspections to the Company\'s Chief Financial Officer who
will make such personnel available to Parent. No investigation pursuant to
this Section 6.2 shall affect any representation or warranty in this
Agreement of any party hereto or any condition to the obligations of the
parties hereto. All information obtained by Parent pursuant to this Section
6.2 shall be kept confidential in accordance with the Confidentiality
Agreement dated November 27, 2001 between Parent and the Company (the
"Confidentiality Agreement").   Section 6.3 Directors. Promptly after such
time as Sub purchases Shares pursuant to the Offer, Sub shall be entitled, to
the fullest extent permitted by law, to designate at its option up to that
number of directors, rounded to the nearest whole number, of the Company\'s
Board of Directors, subject to compliance with Section 14(f) of the Exchange
Act, as will make the percentage of the Company\'s directors designated by
Sub equal to the percentage of the aggregate voting power of the shares of
Company Common Stock held by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries; provided,
however, that if that Sub\'s designees are elected to the Board of Directors
of the Company, until the Effective Time such Board of Directors shall have
at least two directors who are directors on the date of this Agreement and
who are not officers of the Company (the "Independent Directors"); and
provided further that, in such event, if the number of Independent Directors
shall be reduced below two for any reason whatsoever, the remaining
Independent Director shall designate a person to fill such vacancy, who shall
be deemed to be an Independent Director for purposes of this Agreement or, if
no Independent Directors then remain, the other directors shall designate two
persons to fill such vacancies who shall not be officers or affiliates of the
Company, or officers or affiliates of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, and
such persons shall be deemed to be Independent Directors for purposes of this
Agreement. Following the election or appointment of Sub\'s designees pursuant
to this Section 6.3 and prior to the Effective Time, any amendment, or waiver
of any term or condition, of this Agreement or the Company Charter or the
Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company, any termination of this
Agreement by the Company, any extension by the Company of the time for
the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of Sub or waiver
or assertion of any of the Company\'s rights hereunder, and any other consent
or action by the Board of Directors of the Company with respect to this
Agreement, will require the concurrence of a majority of the Independent
Directors and no other action by the Company, including any action by any
other director of the Company, shall be required for purposes of this
Agreement. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company
shall take all action requested by Parent that is reasonably necessary to
effect any such election, including mailing to its stockholders the
Information Statement containing the information required by Section 14(f) of
the Exchange Act and Rule 14f-1 promulgated thereunder, and the Company
agrees to make such mailing with the mailing of the Schedule 14D-9 (provided
that Sub shall have provided to the Company on a timely basis all information
required to be included in the Information Statement with respect to Sub\'s
designees). In connection with the foregoing, the Company will promptly, at
the option of Parent, to the fullest extent permitted by law, either increase
the size of the Company\'s Board of Directors and/or obtain the resignation
of such number of its current directors as is necessary to enable Sub\'s
designees to be elected or appointed to the Company\'s Board of Directors as
provided above.   Section 6.4 Fees and Expenses. (a) Except as provided in
Section 6.11, whether or not the Merger is consummated, all costs and
expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby, including the fees and disbursements of counsel,
financial advisors and accountants, shall be paid by the party incurring such
costs and expenses.   25     (b) The Company shall pay, or cause to be
paid, in same day funds to  Parent the following amounts under the
circumstances and at the times set  forth as follows:   (i) if Parent or
Sub terminates this Agreement under Section 8.1(d),  the Company shall pay
the Termination Fee upon demand;   (ii) if the Company terminates this
Agreement under Section 8.1(e),  the Company shall pay the Termination Fee
prior to, or simultaneously  with, such termination; or   (iii) if Parent
terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section  8.1(b)(i) or Section 8.1(c)
and at the time of any such termination a  Designated Takeover Proposal shall
have been made (other than a  Designated Takeover Proposal made prior to the
date hereof), then if  concurrently therewith or within 12 months thereafter,
(A) the Company  enters into a merger agreement, acquisition agreement or
similar  agreement (including a letter of intent) with respect to a Company 
Acquisition, or a Company Acquisition is consummated, involving any  party
(1) with whom the Company had any discussions with respect to a  Designated
Takeover Proposal, (2) to whom the Company furnished  information with
respect to or with a view to a Designated Takeover  Proposal or (3) who had
submitted a proposal or expressed any interest  publicly in a Designated
Takeover Proposal, in the case of each of  clauses (1), (2) and (3), prior to
such termination, or (B) the Company  enters into a merger agreement,
acquisition agreement or similar  agreement (including a letter of intent)
with respect to a Superior  Proposal, or a Superior Proposal is consummated,
then, in the case of  either (A) or (B) above, the Company shall pay the
Termination Fee upon  the earlier of the execution of such agreement or upon
consummation of  such Company Acquisition or Superior Proposal, as the case
may be.   Section 6.5 Company Stock Options and Company Warrant. (a) Prior
to the consummation of the Offer, the Board of Directors of the Company (or,
if appropriate, any committee thereof) shall adopt appropriate resolutions
and take all other actions necessary or appropriate to cause each Company
Stock Option that is outstanding as of the consummation of the Offer to vest
in full and become exercisable immediately prior to the consummation of the
Offer with respect to all of the shares of Company Common Stock at the time
subject to such Company Stock Option. Each Company Stock Option that is
outstanding upon consummation of the Offer shall be cancelled as of the
consummation of the Offer, in consideration for which the holder thereof (an
"Option Holder") shall be entitled to receive from the Company an amount
equal to (A) the product of (1) the number of shares of Company Common Stock
subject to such Company Stock Option and (2) the excess, if any, of the Offer
Price over the exercise price per share for the purchase of the Company
Common Stock subject to such Company Stock Option, minus (B) all applicable
federal, state and local Taxes required to be withheld in respect of such
payment. The amounts payable pursuant to the second sentence of this Section
6.5 shall be paid as soon as reasonably practicable following the acceptance
for payment of Shares by Sub pursuant to the Offer. The surrender of a
Company Stock Option in exchange for the consideration contemplated by the
second sentence of this Section 6.5 shall be deemed a release of any and all
rights the Option Holder had or may have had in respect thereof.   (b) The
Company shall take all actions necessary to ensure that (i) any  Offering
Period (as defined in the Company Stock Purchase Plan) applicable  to options
outstanding under the Company Stock Purchase Plan (each, a  "Purchase Plan
Option") is shortened so as to have a Purchase Date (as  defined in the
Company Stock Purchase Plan) that occurs not later than 10  business days
after the commencement of the Offer; (ii) no current holder of  a Purchase
Plan Option is permitted to increase his or her rate of payroll  deduction
under the Company Stock Purchase Plan effective from and after the  date
hereof; and (iii) no new Offering Period commences on or after the date 
hereof.   (c) The Company shall take all actions necessary to provide
that,  effective on or before acceptance for payment by Sub of Shares
pursuant to  the Offer, (i) the Company Stock Option Plans, the Company Stock
Purchase  Plan and any similar plan or agreement of the Company shall be
terminated,  (ii) any rights under any other plan, program, agreement or
arrangement  relating to the issuance or grant of any other interest in
respect of the  capital stock of the Company shall be terminated, and (iii)
no person will  have any right to   26     receive any shares of
capital stock of the Company or, if applicable, the  Surviving Corporation,
upon exercise of any Company Stock Option or Purchase  Plan Option.   (d)
The Company represents and warrants that it has the power and  authority
under the terms of the Company Stock Purchase Plan and the Company  Stock
Option Plans to comply with this Section 6.5 without the consent of  any
Option Holder or any other person.   (e) The Company Warrant shall, by
virtue of the Merger, no longer be  exercisable into the right to receive
Shares but shall after the Effective  Time represent the right to receive an
amount equal to (A) the product of  (1) the number of Shares subject to the
Company Warrant and (2) the excess,  if any, of the Merger Consideration over
the exercise price per Share  applicable to the Company Warrant minus (B) all
applicable federal and local  taxes required to be withheld in respect of
such payment, without interest.   Section 6.6 Reasonable Best Efforts. (a)
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement,
each of the parties agrees to use reasonable best efforts to take, or cause
to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, and to assist and
cooperate with the other parties in doing, all things necessary, proper or
advisable to consummate and make effective, in the most expeditious manner
practicable, the Offer, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, including: (i) the obtaining of all necessary actions or non-
actions, waivers, consents and approvals from all Governmental Entities and
the making of all necessary registrations and filings (including filings with
Governmental Entities) and the taking of all reasonable steps as may be
necessary to obtain an approval or waiver from, or to avoid an action or
proceeding by, any Governmental Entity (including those in connection with
the HSR Act, any other pre-merger filings and State Takeover Approvals), (ii)
the obtaining of all necessary consents, approvals or waivers from third
parties, (iii) the defending of any lawsuits or other legal proceedings,
whether judicial or administrative, challenging this Agreement or the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including seeking to
have any stay or temporary restraining order entered by any court or other
Governmental Entity vacated or reversed, and (iv) the execution and delivery
of any additional instruments necessary to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. No party to this Agreement shall consent to
any voluntary delay of the consummation of the Offer or the Merger at the
behest of any Governmental Entity without the consent of the other parties to
this Agreement, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.   (b)
Each party shall use all reasonable best efforts to not take any  action, or
enter into any transaction, which would cause any of its  representations or
warranties contained in this Agreement to be untrue or  result in a breach of
any covenant made by it in this Agreement.   (c) Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained in this Agreement,  in connection with any filing or
submission required or action to be taken  by either Parent or the Company to
effect the Offer, the Merger and to  consummate the other transactions
contemplated hereby, the Company shall  not, without Parent\'s prior written
consent, commit to any divestiture  transaction, and neither Parent nor any
of its Affiliates shall be required  to divest or hold separate or otherwise
take or commit to take any action  that limits its freedom of action with
respect to, or its ability to retain,  the Company or any of the businesses
or assets of Parent or any of its  Subsidiaries or that otherwise would have
a Material Adverse Effect on the  Company or Parent.   Section 6.7 Public
Announcements. Parent and the Company will not issue any press release with
respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or otherwise issue
any written public statements with respect to such transactions without prior
consultation with the other party, except as may be required by applicable
law or by obligations pursuant to any listing agreement with any national
securities exchange or the Nasdaq National Market.   Section 6.8 State
Takeover Laws. If any "fair price," "business combination" or "control share
acquisition" statute or other similar statute or regulation shall become
applicable to the transactions contemplated hereby or the Stockholder
Agreements, Parent and the Company and their respective Boards of Directors
shall use their reasonable best efforts to grant such approvals and take such
actions as are necessary so that the   27    transactions contemplated
hereby may be consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms
contemplated hereby and otherwise act to minimize the effects of any such
statute or regulation on the transactions contemplated hereby.   Section 6.9
Indemnification; Directors and Officers Insurance. (a) From and after the
Effective Time, Parent shall cause the Surviving Corporation to indemnify and
hold harmless all past and present officers and directors of the Company to
the same extent and in the same manner such persons are indemnified as of the
date of this Agreement by the Company pursuant to the
indemnification agreements between the Company and such officers or directors
listed in Section 6.9 of the Company Letter, the DGCL, the Company Charter or
the Company\'s Amended and Restated By-Laws for acts or omissions occurring
at or prior to the Effective Time.   (b) Parent shall cause the Surviving
Corporation to provide, for an  aggregate period of not less than six years
from the Effective Time, the  Company\'s current directors and officers an
insurance and indemnification  policy that provides coverage for events
occurring prior to the Effective  Time (the "DandO; Insurance") that is
substantially equivalent to the Company\'s  existing policy or, if
substantially equivalent insurance coverage is  unavailable, the best
available coverage; provided, however, that the  Surviving Corporation shall
not be required to pay aggregate premiums over  the six-year period for the
DandO; Insurance in excess of $1,300,000.   Section 6.10 Notification of
Certain Matters. Parent shall use its reasonable best efforts to give prompt
notice to the Company, and the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts
to give prompt notice to Parent, of: (i) the occurrence, or non-occurrence,
of any event the occurrence, or non-occurrence, of which it is aware and
which would be reasonably likely to cause (x) any representation or warranty
contained in this Agreement and made by it to be untrue or inaccurate in any
material respect or (y) any covenant, condition or agreement contained in
this Agreement and made by it not to be complied with or satisfied in all
material respects, (ii) any failure of Parent or the Company, as the case may
be, to comply in a timely manner with or satisfy any covenant, condition or
agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it hereunder or (iii) any
change or event which would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse
Effect on the Company; provided, however, that the delivery of any notice
pursuant to this Section 6.10 shall not limit or otherwise affect the
remedies available hereunder to the party receiving such notice.   Section
6.11 Real Estate Transfer and Gains Tax. Either the Company or the Surviving
Corporation shall pay all state or local Taxes, if any (collectively, the
"Gains Taxes"), attributable to the transfer of the beneficial ownership
of the Company\'s real properties, and any penalties or interest with
respect thereto, payable in connection with the consummation of the Offer and
the Merger. The Company shall cooperate with Parent in the filing of any
returns with respect to the Gains Taxes, including supplying in a timely
manner a complete list of all real property interests held by the Company and
any information with respect to such properties that is reasonably necessary
to complete such returns. The portion of the consideration allocable to the
real properties of the Company shall be determined by Parent in its
reasonable discretion. The stockholders of the Company shall be deemed to
have agreed to be bound by the allocation established pursuant to this
Section 6.11 in the preparation of any return with respect to the Gains
Taxes.   Section 6.12 Employee Matters. (a) Following the Effective Time,
Parent or the Surviving Corporation shall honor, or cause to be honored, all
obligations of the Company and its subsidiaries under any Compensation
Agreement or Company Plan in accordance with the terms thereof. Nothing
herein shall be construed to prohibit Parent or the Surviving Corporation
from amending or terminating such Compensation Agreements or Company Plans in
accordance with the terms thereof and with applicable law or to prohibit the
Parent or the Surviving Corporation from terminating, or causing the
termination of, the employment of any employee of the Company or its
subsidiaries at any time following the Effective Time. Individuals who
continue in employment with the Company from and after the Effective Time
shall be referred to herein as "Affected Employees."   (b) On or before
January 1, 2003, Affected Employees who continue to be  employed by the
Company will be eligible to participate in the benefit  programs, plans,
arrangements, payroll practices (including   28     vacation or paid
time off entitlement) offered to employees of Parent or  established or
maintained by the Surviving Corporation (the "Parent Employee  Benefit
Plans") pursuant to the terms of each such Plan, or in the absence  of plan
terms or provisions, in accordance with the regularly established  policies
or procedures of Parent or the Surviving Corporation.   (c) To the extent
that service is relevant for eligibility and vesting  under any employee
benefit plan, program or arrangement maintained by Parent  or any subsidiary
of Parent, other than any defined benefit pension plan,  such plan, program
or arrangement shall credit each Affected Employee who  participates therein
for his or her service on or prior to the Effective  Time with the Company.
In addition, Parent will, or will cause the Surviving  Corporation to (i)
waive limitations on benefits relating to any  pre-existing conditions under
any Parent Employee Benefit Plan in which  Affected Employees may participate
and (ii) provide each Affected Employee  with credit under the applicable
Parent Employee Benefit Plan for any  deductible, copayment and out-of-pocket
limits for any such amounts paid by  or credited to the Affected Employee
prior to the commencement of coverage  under the applicable Parent Employee
Benefit Plan during the calendar year  in which such coverage commences.  
Section 6.13 Rights Agreement. The Board of Directors of the Company
shall take all further action (in addition to the action referred to in
Section 4.19(b)) requested in writing by Parent (including redeeming the
Rights or amending or terminating the Rights Agreement) in order to render
the Rights and the Rights Agreement inapplicable to the Offer, the Merger and
the Stockholder Agreements. Except as requested in writing by Parent, the
Board of Directors of the Company shall not (i) amend the Rights Agreement or
(ii) take any action with respect to, or make any determination under, the
Rights Agreement (including a redemption of the Rights).   Section 6.14
Obligations of Sub. Parent will take all actions to cause Sub to perform its
obligations under this Agreement.   ARTICLE VII   CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO
THE MERGER   Section 7.1 Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect
the Merger. The respective obligations of each party to effect the Merger
shall be subject to the fulfillment at or prior to the Effective Time of the
following conditions:   (a) Stockholder Approval. This Agreement (including
the Merger) shall  have been approved and adopted by the affirmative vote of
the stockholders  of the Company (unless the vote of stockholders is not
required under the  DGCL) as required by the DGCL and the Company
Charter.   (b) HSR Act Filings. Any waiting period (and any extension
thereof)  applicable to the consummation of the Merger under the HSR Act
shall have  expired or been terminated.   (c) Purchase of Shares. Sub shall
have previously accepted for payment  and paid for Shares validly tendered
pursuant to the Offer, except that this  condition shall not apply with
respect to the obligation of Parent and Sub  to effect the Merger if Sub
shall have failed to purchase Shares pursuant to  the Offer in breach of its
obligations (or the obligations of Parent) under  this Agreement.   (d) No
Order. No court or other Governmental Entity having jurisdiction  over the
Company or Parent, or any of its Subsidiaries, shall have enacted,  issued,
promulgated, enforced or entered any law, rule, regulation,  executive order,
decree, injunction or other order (whether temporary,  preliminary or
permanent) which is then in effect and has the effect of  making the Merger
illegal.   29     ARTICLE VIII   TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER  
Section 8.1 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior
to the Effective Time, whether before or after approval of this Agreement by
the stockholders of the Company:   (a) by mutual written consent of Parent
and the Company;   (b) by either Parent or the Company:   (i) if (x) as a
result of the failure of any of the Offer Conditions  the Offer shall have
terminated or expired in accordance with its terms  without Sub having
accepted for payment any Shares pursuant to the Offer  or (y) Sub shall not
have accepted for payment any Shares pursuant to  the Offer prior to June 30,
2002; provided, however, that the right to  terminate this Agreement pursuant
to this Section 8.1(b)(i) shall not be  available to any party whose failure
to perform any of its obligations  under this Agreement results in the
failure of any such condition or if  the failure of such condition results
from facts or circumstances that  constitute a breach of any representation
or warranty under this  Agreement by such party; or   (ii) if any
Governmental Entity shall have issued an order, decree or  ruling or taken
any other action permanently enjoining, restraining or  otherwise prohibiting
the acceptance for payment of, or payment for,  Shares pursuant to the Offer
and such order, decree or ruling or other  action shall have become final and
nonappealable;   (c) by Parent or Sub prior to the purchase of Shares
pursuant to the  Offer in the event of a breach by the Company of any
representation,  warranty, covenant or other agreement contained in this
Agreement which (i)  would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth
in paragraph (e) or  (f) of Exhibit A and (ii) cannot be or has not been
cured within 30 days  after the giving of written notice to the Company;  
(d) by Parent or Sub if either Parent or Sub is entitled to terminate the 
Offer as a result of the occurrence of any event set forth in paragraph (d) 
of Exhibit A;   (e) by the Company if the Board of Directors of the Company
reasonably  determines that a Takeover Proposal constitutes a Superior
Proposal and a  majority of the members of the Board of Directors determines,
in its  reasonable good faith judgment, after consultation with independent
counsel,  that failing to terminate this Agreement would constitute a breach
of such  Board\'s fiduciary duties under applicable law, provided that the
Company has  complied with all provisions of Section 5.2, including the
notice provisions  therein, and that it has complied with the requirements of
Section 6.4(b)  relating to the payment (including the timing of any payment)
of the  Termination Fee to the extent required by Section 6.4(b); provided
further  that the Company may not terminate this Agreement pursuant to this
Section  8.1(e) unless and until 72 hours have elapsed following delivery to
Parent  of a written notice of such determination by the Board of Directors
of the  Company;   (f) by the Company, in the event of a material breach by
Parent or Sub of  any representation or warranty, covenant or other agreement
contained in  this Agreement which cannot be or has not been cured within 30
days after  the giving of written notice to Parent or Sub, as applicable;
or   (g) by the Company, if the Offer has not been timely commenced in 
accordance with Section 1.1.   The right of any party hereto to terminate
this Agreement pursuant to this Section 8.1 shall remain operative and in
full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of
any party hereto, any person controlling any such party or any of their
respective officers or directors, whether prior to or after the execution of
this Agreement.   Section 8.2 Effect of Termination. In the event of
termination of this Agreement by either Parent or the Company, as provided in
Section 8.1, this Agreement shall forthwith become void and there shall be no
liability   30    hereunder on the part of the Company, Parent, Sub or
their respective officers or directors (except for the last sentence of
Section 6.2 and the entirety of Section 6.4, which shall survive the
termination); provided, however, that nothing contained in this Section 8.2
shall relieve any party hereto from any liability for any willful or
intentional breach of a representation or warranty contained in this
Agreement, the willful or intentional breach of any covenant contained in
this Agreement or for fraud.   Section 8.3 Amendment. This Agreement may be
amended by the parties hereto, subject to Section 6.3, by or pursuant to
action taken by their respective Boards of Directors, at any time before or
after approval of the matters presented in connection with the Merger by the
stockholders of the Company, but, after any such approval, no amendment shall
be made which by law requires further approval by such stockholders without
such further approval. This Agreement may not be amended except by an
instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the parties hereto.  
Section 8.4 Waiver. At any time prior to the Effective Time, subject
to Section 6.3, the parties hereto may (i) extend the time for the
performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other parties
hereto, (ii) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties
contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto and (iii) waive
compliance with any of the agreements or conditions contained herein which
may legally be waived. Any agreement on the part of a party hereto to any
such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in
writing signed on behalf of such party. Delay in exercising any right under
this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right.   31    
ARTICLE IX   GENERAL PROVISIONS   Section 9.1 Non-Survival of
Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties in this
Agreement or in any instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall
terminate at the Effective Time and only the covenants that by their terms
survive the Effective Time shall survive the Effective Time.   Section 9.2
Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing
and shall be deemed given when delivered personally, one day after being
delivered to an overnight courier or when telecopied (with a confirmatory
copy sent by overnight courier) to the parties at the following addresses (or
at such other address for a party as shall be specified by like notice):  
(a) if to Parent or Sub, to:   Smith and Nephew, Inc.  160 Dascomb Road 
Andover, Massachusetts 01810  Attention: Ron Sparks, President  Endoscopy
Division  Facsimile: 978-749-1005   with copies to:   Smith and Nephew,
Inc.  1450 Brooks Road  Memphis, Tennessee 38116  Attention: General
Counsel  Facsimile: 901-396-7824   and   Sidley Austin Brown and Wood 
Bank One Plaza  10 South Dearborn Street  Chicago, Illinois 60603 
Attention: Pran Jha  Facsimile: 312-853-7036   (b) if to the Company,
to:   ORATEC Interventions, Inc.  3700 Haven Court  Menlo Park, California
94025  Attention: Kenneth W. Anstey,  President and Chief  Executive
Officer  Facsimile: 650-369-9905   with a copy to:   Venture Law Group 
2800 Sand Hill Road  Menlo Park, California 94025  Attention: Mark B.
Weeks  Facsimile: 650-233-8386   32     Section 9.3 Interpretation;
Certain Definitions. (a) When a reference is made in this Agreement to a
Section, such reference shall be to a Section of this Agreement unless
otherwise indicated. The table of contents and headings contained in this
Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the
meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words "include,"
"includes" or "including" are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to
be followed by the words "without limitation."   (b) For purposes of this
Agreement, the following terms have the meaning  specified in this Section
9.3:   "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.  
"Company Acquisition" means (i) a merger, consolidation or other
business combination pursuant to which stockholders of the Company
immediately preceding such transaction hold less than a majority of the
equity interest in the surviving or resulting entity of such transaction,
(ii) a sale or other disposition by the Company of all or substantially all
of its assets or (iii) the acquisition by any person or group (including by
way of tender offer, exchange offer or issuance of securities by the
Company), directly or indirectly, of beneficial ownership (as determined
pursuant to Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) or a right to
acquire beneficial ownership of shares representing a majority of the voting
power of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company.  
"Company Plan" means a "pension plan" (as defined in Section 3(2) of
ERISA), a "welfare plan" (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA), and any other
written or oral bonus, profit sharing, deferred compensation, incentive
compensation, stock ownership, stock purchase, stock option, phantom stock,
restricted stock, stock appreciation right, holiday pay, vacation, severance,
medical, dental, vision, disability, death benefit, sick leave, fringe
benefit, insurance or other plan, trust, policy, arrangement or understanding
established or maintained by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate, or as to
which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate has contributed or may have any
liability (including any such arrangement sponsored or required by any
government or any statute or other law), for the benefit of any prior or
present employee, officer, director, consultant or other service provider of
the Company or any ERISA Affiliate (or spouse, dependent or other beneficiary
of any such individual).   "Compensation Agreement" means a written or oral
agreement, arrangement or understanding of any kind (including any
employment, consulting, compensation, deferred compensation, termination or
severance agreement, arrangement or understanding) with or for the benefit of
any prior or present employee, officer, director, consultant or other service
provider of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate (or spouse, dependent or other
beneficiary of any such individual) as to which the Company or any ERISA
Affiliate is a party or may have any liability, except for any Company
Plan.   "Designated Takeover Proposal" means (i) any proposal for a merger
or other business combination involving the Company pursuant to which the
stockholders of the Company immediately preceding such transaction will hold
less than 85% of the total voting power of the outstanding shares of capital
stock of the entity surviving or resulting from such transaction, (ii) any
proposal or offer to acquire in any manner, directly or indirectly, an equity
interest in or any voting securities of the Company representing 15% or more
of the Shares or of the total voting securities of the Company outstanding or
(iii) an offer to acquire in any manner, directly or indirectly, a
substantial portion of the assets of the Company, other than the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.   "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.   "ERISA Affiliate" means any
trade or business (whether or not incorporated) which would be considered a
single employer with the Company pursuant to Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o)
of the Code and the regulations promulgated under those sections or pursuant
to Section 4001(b) of ERISA and the regulations promulgated thereunder, or
with any trade or business described in this definition.   33    
"Governmental Entity" means any domestic (federal and state), foreign
or supranational court, commission, governmental body, regulatory
agency, authority or tribunal.   "HSR Act" means the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvement Act of 1976, as amended.   "Knowledge of the Company"
means the actual knowledge of the directors and executive officers of the
Company.   "Material Adverse Change" or "Material Adverse Effect" means,
when used with respect to the Company or Parent, as the case may be, any
change or effect that is or could reasonably be expected (as far as can be
foreseen at the time) to be materially adverse to the business, operations,
properties or results of operations, financial projections or forecasts, or
the business prospects and condition (financial or otherwise), with all such
matters being considered in the aggregate, of the Company, taken as a whole,
or Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as the case may be;
provided, however, that, in the case of the Company only, any adverse change
or affect arising from or relating to the loss of existing customers,
suppliers or employees of the Company that results directly and exclusively
from the public announcement, pendency or consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement shall not be deemed alone, or in combination,
to constitute a Material Adverse Effect.   "Real Estate" means, with
respect to the Company, all of the fee or leasehold ownership right, title
and interest of such person, in and to all real estate and improvement owned
or leased by any such person and which is used by any such person in
connection with the operation of its business.   "Subsidiary" means any
corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture or other
legal entity of which Parent or the Company, as the case may be (either alone
or through or together with any other Subsidiary), owns, directly or
indirectly, 50% or more of the stock or other equity interests the holders of
which are generally entitled to vote for the election of the board of
directors or other governing body of such corporation, partnership,
limited liability company, joint venture or other legal entity.   "Superior
Proposal" means a bona fide written proposal made by a third party to acquire
the Company pursuant to a tender or exchange offer, a merger, a sale of all
or substantially all of the Company\'s assets or otherwise on terms which a
majority of the disinterested members of the Board of Directors of
the Company determines, at a duly constituted meeting of the Board of
Directors or by unanimous written consent, in its reasonable good faith
judgment to be more favorable to the Company\'s stockholders than the Merger
(based on the advice of the Company\'s independent financial advisor that the
value of the consideration provided for in such proposal exceeds the value of
the consideration provided for in the Merger) and for which financing, to the
extent required, is then committed or which, in the reasonable good faith
judgment of a majority of such disinterested members, as expressed in a
resolution adopted at a duly constituted meeting of such members (based on
the advice of the Company\'s independent financial advisor), is reasonably
capable of being obtained by such third party.   "Takeover Proposal" means
(i) any proposal for a merger or other business combination involving the
Company, (ii) any proposal or offer to acquire in any manner, directly or
indirectly, an equity interest in or any voting securities of the Company
representing 15% or more of the Shares or of the total voting securities of
the Company outstanding or (iii) an offer to acquire in any manner, directly
or indirectly, a substantial portion of the assets of the Company, other than
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   "Taxes" (i) means any
federal, state, local or foreign income, gross receipts, property, sales,
use, license, excise, franchise, employment, payroll, withholding,
alternative or add-on minimum, ad valorem, value-added, transfer or excise
tax, or other tax, custom, duty, governmental fee or any other like
assessment or charge of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest or
penalty imposed by any Governmental Entity and (ii) any liability of the
Company for the payment of amounts with respect to payments of a
type described in clause (i) as a result   34    of being a member of
an affiliated, consolidated, combined or unitary group, or as a result of any
obligation of the Company under any Tax sharing arrangement or Tax indemnity
arrangement.   "Tax Return" means any return, report or similar statement
(including the attached schedules) required to be filed with respect to any
Tax, including any information return, claim for refund, amended return or
declaration of estimated Tax.   "Termination Fee" means $12,000,000.  
Section 9.4 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, all
of which shall be considered one and the same agreement, and shall
become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of
the parties and delivered to the other parties.   Section 9.5 Entire
Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement, except as provided
in the last sentence of Section 6.2, constitutes the entire agreement and
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral,
among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement,
except for the provisions of Section 6.9, is not intended to confer upon any
person other than the parties hereto any rights or remedies hereunder.  
Section 9.6 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed
in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of the laws
that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of laws
thereof.   Section 9.7 Assignment. Subject to Section 2.1, neither this
Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be
assigned by any of the parties hereto (whether by operation of law or
otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other parties.  
Section 9.8 Severability. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is
invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law, or public
policy, all other terms, conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall
nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic
and legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby are not affected
in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such determination that
any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being
enforced, the parties shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement
so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in
a mutually acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement may be consummated as originally contemplated to the fullest
extent possible.   Section 9.9 Enforcement of this Agreement. The parties
hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the
provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their
specific wording or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that
the parties hereto shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to
prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and
provisions hereof, such remedy being in addition to any other remedy to which
any party is entitled at law or in equity. Each party hereby irrevocably
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for
the District of Delaware in any action, suit or proceeding arising in
connection with this Agreement, and agrees that any such action, suit or
proceeding shall be brought only in such courts (and waives any objection
based on forum non conveniens or any other objection to venue therein). Each
party hereto waives any right to a trial by jury in connection with any such
action, suit or proceeding.   35     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Sub and
the Company have caused this Agreement to be signed by their respective
officers thereunto duly authorized all as of the date first written
above.   SMITH and NEPHEW, INC.   By: /s/ RON SPARKS 
__________________________________  Name: Ron Sparks 
________________________________  Title: President 
_________________________________   ORCHID MERGER CORP.   By: /s/ RON
SPARKS  __________________________________  Name: Ron Sparks 
________________________________  Title: President 
_________________________________   ORATEC INTERVENTIONS, INC.   By: /s/
KENNETH W. ANSTEY  __________________________________  Name: Kenneth W.
Anstey  ________________________________  Title: President and Chief
Executive  Officer  _________________________________   36     Exhibit
A   CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER   Notwithstanding any other term of the Offer
or this Agreement, Sub shall not be required to accept for payment or,
subject to any applicable rules and regulations of the SEC, including Rule
14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act (relating to Sub\'s obligation to pay for or
return tendered Shares after the termination or withdrawal of the Offer), to
pay for any Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer unless (i) there shall have
been validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the expiration of the Offer
such number of Shares that would constitute at least a majority of the Shares
that in the aggregate are outstanding determined on a fully diluted basis
(assuming the exercise of all options to purchase, and the conversion or
exchange of all securities convertible or exchangeable into, Shares
outstanding at the expiration date of the Offer) ("Minimum Condition"), and
(ii) any waiting period under the HSR Act applicable to the purchase of
Shares pursuant to the Offer shall have expired or been terminated prior to
the expiration date of the Offer (the "HSR Condition"). Furthermore,
notwithstanding any other term of the Offer or this Agreement, Sub shall not
be required to accept for payment or, subject as aforesaid, to pay for any
Shares not theretofore accepted for payment or paid for, and may terminate
the Offer if, at any time on or after the date of this Agreement and before
the acceptance of such Shares for payment or the payment therefor, any of the
following conditions exists:   (a) there shall be threatened in writing or
pending by any Governmental  Entity any suit, action or proceeding (i)
challenging the acquisition by  Parent or Sub of any Shares under the Offer,
seeking to restrain or prohibit  the making or consummation of the Offer or
the Merger or the performance of  any of the other transactions contemplated
by this Agreement or the  Stockholder Agreements (including the voting
provisions thereunder), or  seeking to obtain from the Company, Parent or Sub
any damages that are  material in relation to the Company taken as a whole,
(ii) seeking to  prohibit or materially limit the ownership or operation by
the Company,  Parent or any of its Subsidiaries of a material portion of the
business or  assets of the Company, taken as a whole, or Parent and its
Subsidiaries,  taken as a whole, or to compel the Company or Parent to
dispose of or hold  separate any material portion of the business or assets
of the Company,  taken as a whole, or Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, in each  case as a result of the Offer or any of the other
transactions contemplated  by this Agreement or the Stockholder Agreements,
(iii) seeking to impose  material limitations on the ability of Parent or Sub
to acquire or hold, or  exercise full rights of ownership of, any Shares to
be accepted for payment  pursuant to the Offer, including the right to vote
such Shares on all  matters properly presented to the stockholders of the
Company, (iv) seeking  to prohibit Parent or any of its Subsidiaries from
effectively controlling  in any material respect any material portion of the
business or operations  of the Company or (v) which otherwise is reasonably
likely to have a  Material Adverse Effect on the Company, or there shall be
pending by any  other person any suit, action or proceeding which would have
a Material  Adverse Effect on the Company.   (b) there shall be enacted,
entered, enforced, promulgated or deemed  applicable to the Offer or the
Merger by any Governmental Entity any  statute, rule, regulation, judgment,
order or injunction, other than the  application to the Offer or the Merger
of applicable waiting periods under  the HSR Act, that is reasonably likely
to result, directly or indirectly, in  any of the consequences referred to in
clauses (i) through (v) of paragraph  (a) above;   (c) there shall have
occurred any Material Adverse Change with respect to  the Company;   (d)
(i) the Board of Directors of the Company or any committee thereof  shall
have withdrawn or modified in a manner adverse to Parent or Sub its  approval
or recommendation of the Offer, the Merger or this Agreement or  approved or
recommended any Takeover Proposal (or the Board of Directors of  the Company
or any committee thereof shall have resolved to take any of the  foregoing
actions) or (ii) the Board of Directors of the Company or any  committee
thereof shall have failed to reaffirm publicly and unconditionally  its
recommendation to the Company\'s stockholders that they tender their  Shares
in the Offer within 5 business days after Parent\'s written request to  do so
(which request may be made at any time after a Takeover Proposal shall  have
been publicly communicated to the Company\'s Board of Directors or to the  
A-1     stockholders of the Company and for so long as such Takeover
Proposal shall  be pending and not withdrawn) and must also include the
unconditional  rejection of such Takeover Proposal;   (e) the
representations and warranties of the Company set forth in this  Agreement
shall not be true and correct in each case at the date of this  Agreement and
at the scheduled or extended expiration of the Offer unless  the inaccuracies
(without giving effect to any materiality or Material  Adverse Effect
qualifications or exceptions contained therein) under such  representations
and warranties, taking all the inaccuracies under all such  representations
and warranties together in their entirety, do not,  individually or in the
aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect on the  Company;   (f) the
Company shall have failed to perform in any material respect any  obligation
or to comply in any material respect with any agreement or  covenant of the
Company to be performed or complied with by it under this  Agreement;   (g)
there shall have occurred and be continuing (i) any general  suspension of
trading in, or limitation on prices for, securities on a  national securities
exchange in the United States (excluding any coordinated  trading halt
triggered solely as a result of a specified decrease in a  market index),
(ii) a declaration of a banking moratorium or any suspension  of payments in
respect of banks in the United States, (iii) any limitation  (whether or not
mandatory) by any Governmental Entity on, or other event  that materially
adversely affects, the extension of credit by banks or other  lending
institutions, (iv) the commencement of a war or armed hostilities or  other
national or international calamity directly or indirectly involving  the
United States (or, in the case of any of the foregoing occurrences  existing
at the time of commencement of the Offer, an acceleration or  escalation
thereof) which in any case is reasonably expected to have a  Material Adverse
Effect on the Company or to materially adversely affect  Parent\'s or Sub\'s
ability to complete the Offer and/or the Merger or  materially delay the
consummation of the Offer and/or the Merger, or (v)  from the date of this
Agreement through the date of termination or  expiration, a decline of at
least 25% in any of the Dow Jones Industrial  Average, the Standard and Poor\'s
500 Index or the Nasdaq Composite Index; or   (h) this Agreement shall have
been terminated in accordance with its  terms.   The foregoing conditions
are for the sole benefit of Parent and Sub and may, subject to the terms of
this Agreement, be waived by Parent and Sub in whole or in part at any time
and from time to time in their sole discretion. The failure by Parent or Sub
at any time to exercise any of the foregoing rights shall not be deemed a
waiver of any such right, the waiver of any such right with respect to
particular facts and circumstances shall not be deemed a waiver with
respect to any other facts and circumstances and each such right shall be
deemed an ongoing right that may be asserted at any time and from time to
time. Terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to
such terms in the Agreement to which this Exhibit A is a part.  
A-2     Exhibit B   STOCKHOLDER AGREEMENT   STOCKHOLDER AGREEMENT
(this "Agreement"), dated as of February 13, 2002, among Smith and Nephew,
Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), Orchid Merger Corp, a Delaware
corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent ("Sub"), and the
undersigned stockholder (the "Stockholder") of ORATEC Interventions, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (the "Company").   WHEREAS, Parent, Sub and the Company
are contemporaneously with the execution hereof entering into an Agreement
and Plan of Merger dated as of even date herewith (as the same may be amended
or supplemented, the "Merger Agreement") to provide for the making of a cash
tender offer (as such offer may be amended from time to time, the "Offer") by
Sub for any and all shares of common stock, par value $.001 per share, of the
Company (the "Common Stock") at the Offer Price (as defined in the Merger
Agreement) and the merger of the Company and Sub (the "Merger");   WHEREAS,
the Stockholder legally and/or beneficially owns that number of shares of
Common Stock appearing on the signature page hereof (such shares, as they may
be adjusted by any stock dividend, stock split, recapitalization, combination
or exchange of shares, merger, consolidation, reorganization or other change
or transaction of or by the Company (each, an "Adjustment Event"), and any
additional shares of Common Stock that become legally and/or beneficially
owned by the Stockholder as the result of the exercise of any stock option,
warrant or other security after the date hereof, being referred to herein as
the "Subject Shares"); and   WHEREAS, as a condition to their willingness to
enter into the Merger Agreement, Parent and Sub have requested that the
Stockholder enter into this Agreement;   NOW, THEREFORE, to induce Parent
and Sub to enter into, and in consideration of their entering into, the
Merger Agreement, and in consideration of the premises and the
representations, warranties and agreements contained herein, the parties
agree as follows:   1. Representations and Warranties of the Stockholder.
The Stockholder hereby represents and warrants to Parent and Sub as
follows:   (a) Authority. The Stockholder has all requisite power and
authority to  enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated  hereby. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and
delivered by  the Stockholder and constitutes a valid and binding obligation
of the  Stockholder enforceable in accordance with its terms, except to the
extent  enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization,  moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or other laws of general
applicability  relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors\' rights
and by the  effect of general principles of equity (regardless of whether
enforceability  is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). The
execution and  delivery of this Agreement does not, and the consummation of
the  transactions contemplated hereby and compliance with the terms hereof
will  not, conflict with, result in any violation of or default (with or
without  notice or lapse of time or both) under, any provision of any trust 
agreement, loan or credit agreement, note, bond, security agreement, 
mortgage, indenture, lease or other agreement, instrument, permit, 
concession, franchise, license, judgment, order, notice, decree, statute, 
law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to the Stockholder or to the 
Stockholder\'s property or assets. Except for informational filings with the 
SEC, no consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration, 
declaration or filing with, any court, administrative agency or commission 
or other governmental authority or instrumentality, domestic, foreign or 
supranational, is required by or with respect to the Stockholder in 
connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the 
consummation by the Stockholder of the transactions contemplated hereby.  
B-1     (b) The Shares. The Stockholder has good and marketable title to
the  Subject Shares, free and clear of any claims, liens, encumbrances,
security  interests, proxies, voting trusts, agreements, options, rights or
any other  encumbrances whatsoever on title, transfer, or exercise of any
rights of a  stockholder in respect of such Subject Shares except for any
encumbrances  arising hereunder. The Stockholder owns legally and/or
beneficially no  shares of Common Stock other than the Subject Shares.   2.
Representations and Warranties of Parent and Sub. Parent and Sub
hereby represent and warrant to the Stockholder that each of Parent and Sub
has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement
and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and
delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Sub, and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby, have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action on the part of Parent and Sub. This Agreement has been duly
executed and delivered by Parent and Sub and constitutes a valid and binding
obligation of Parent and Sub enforceable in accordance with its terms, except
to the extent enforceability is limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance and other laws of general
applicability relating to or affecting the enforcement or creditors\' rights
and by the affect of general principles of equity (regardless of whether
enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).   3.
Covenants of the Stockholder. From and after the date hereof through and
including the Termination Date, the Stockholder agrees as follows:   (a) At
any meeting of stockholders of the Company called to vote upon the  Merger
and the Merger Agreement or at any adjournment thereof or in any  other
circumstances upon which a vote, consent or other approval with  respect to
the Merger and the Merger Agreement is sought, the Stockholder  shall vote
(or cause to be voted) the Subject Shares in favor of the Merger,  the
adoption of the Merger Agreement and the approval of the terms thereof  and
each of the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, 
provided that the terms of the Merger Agreement shall not have been amended 
to adversely affect the Stockholder.   (b) At any meeting of stockholders of
the Company or at any adjournment  thereof or in any other circumstances upon
which the Stockholder\'s vote,  consent or other approval is sought, the
Stockholder shall vote (or cause to  be voted) the Subject Shares against (i)
any merger agreement or merger  (other than the Merger Agreement and the
Merger), consolidation,  combination, sale of substantial assets,
reorganization, recapitalization,  dissolution, liquidation or winding up of
or by the Company or any other  Takeover Proposal, or (ii) any amendment of
the Company\'s certificate of  incorporation or by-laws or other proposal,
transaction or agreement  involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries,
which amendment or other  proposal, transaction or agreement would in any
manner impede, frustrate,  prevent, delay or nullify the Offer, the Merger,
the Merger Agreement or any  of the other transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement.   (c) The Stockholder agrees not to, directly or
indirectly (i) sell,  transfer, pledge, assign or otherwise dispose of
(including by gift), or  enter into any contract, option or other arrangement
(including any profit  sharing arrangement) with respect to the sale,
transfer, pledge, assignment  or other disposition ("Transfer") of, the
Subject Shares to any person other  than Sub or Sub\'s designee; provided,
that nothing contained herein will be  deemed to restrict (A) the exercise or
conversion of any stock option, (B)  the entry by the Stockholder into
"hedging" or similar economic transactions  with respect to the Subject
Shares so long as such "hedging" or similar  economic transactions do not
restrict or otherwise inhibit the Stockholder\'s  ability to vote the Subject
Shares in accordance with the requirements of  this Agreement and to
otherwise comply with the covenants and agreements of  the Stockholder
contained herein, or (C) the Transfer of any Subject Shares  to any person
who agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this  Agreement
pursuant to a written agreement in a form reasonably satisfactory  to Parent,
or (ii) enter into any voting arrangement, whether by proxy,  voting
agreement or otherwise, in connection, directly or indirectly, with  any
Takeover Proposal.   B-2     (d) Subject to Section 10, the Stockholder
shall not, nor shall the  Stockholder permit any investment banker, attorney
or other adviser or  representative of the Stockholder to, (i) directly or
indirectly solicit,  initiate or encourage the submission of any Takeover
Proposal or proposal to  acquire the Subject Shares or (ii) directly or
indirectly participate in any  discussions or negotiations regarding, or
furnish to any person any  information with respect to, or take any other
action to facilitate any  inquiries or the making of any proposal that
constitutes, or may reasonably  be expected to lead to, any Takeover Proposal
or proposal to acquire the  Subject Shares.   (e) The Stockholder agrees to
validly tender all of the Subject Shares  within 10 business days following
commencement of the Offer pursuant to and  in accordance with the terms of
the Offer and, provided that this Agreement  has not been terminated, the
Stockholder agrees not to withdraw any Subject  Shares so tendered prior to
the termination of the Offer.   4. Grant of Proxy. (a) The Stockholder
hereby irrevocably grants to, and appoints, Parent and each of its designees,
and each of them individually, as the Stockholder\'s proxy and attorney-in-
fact (with full power of substitution and resubstitution), for and in the
name, place and stead of the Stockholder, to vote the Subject Shares, or
execute one or more written consents in respect of the Subject Shares, (i) in
favor of the Merger, the approval of the Merger Agreement and the approval of
the terms thereof and each of the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, (ii) against any merger agreement or merger (other than the Merger
Agreement and the Merger), consolidation, combination, sale of substantial
assets, reorganization, recapitalization, dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of or by the Company or any other Takeover Proposal, and (iii) against any
amendment of the Company\'s certificate of incorporation or by-laws or other
proposal, transaction or agreement involving the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, which amendment or other proposal, transaction or agreement
would in any manner impede, frustrate, prevent, delay or nullify the Offer,
the Merger, the Merger Agreement or any other transactions contemplated by
the Merger Agreement. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the
contrary, such irrevocable proxy will not be exercised by Parent or any of
its designees unless the Stockholder breaches its obligations under Section 4
of this Agreement. No proxy is given hereby with respect to any matters other
than those enumerated above.   (b) The Stockholder represents and warrants
that any proxies heretofore  given in respect of the Subject Shares are
revocable, and that any such  proxies have been or are hereby revoked.  
(c) The Stockholder hereby affirms that the irrevocable proxy set forth  in
this Section 4 is given in connection with the execution of the Merger 
Agreement and that such irrevocable proxy is given to secure the performance 
of the duties of the Stockholder under this Agreement. The Stockholder 
hereby affirms that the irrevocable proxy set forth in this Section 4 is 
coupled with an interest and is intended to be irrevocable in accordance 
with the provisions of Section 212 of the General Corporation Law of the 
State of Delaware, as amended, prior to the termination of this Agreement. 
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, this irrevocable 
proxy shall automatically terminate upon termination of this Agreement.   5.
Further Assurances. The Stockholder will, from time to time, take
such actions and execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered,
such additional or further transfers, assignments, endorsements, consents and
other instruments as Parent or Sub may reasonably request for the purpose
of effectively carrying out the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   6. Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights,
interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by any of the parties
without the prior written consent of the other parties, except that Sub may
assign, in its sole discretion, any or all of its rights, interests and
obligations hereunder to Parent or to any direct or indirect wholly owned
subsidiary of Parent. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement will
be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties
and their respective successors and assigns and, in the case of the
Stockholder, the heirs, executors and administrators of the Stockholder.  
B-3     7. Termination. Except as otherwise provided herein, this
Agreement shall terminate upon the earlier of (i) the Effective Time and (ii)
a valid termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms
(the "Termination Date").   8. General Provisions.   (a) Expenses. Except
as otherwise expressly provided in the Merger  Agreement, each party hereto
shall pay its own expenses incurred in  connection with this Agreement.  
(b) Specific Performance. The parties hereto agree that irreparable  damage
would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement  were
not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise 
breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to an 
injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to 
enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof in any court of the 
United States or any state thereof having jurisdiction, this being in 
addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity. 
Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
United States District Court for the District of Delaware in any action, 
suit or proceeding arising in connection with this Agreement and agrees that 
any such action, suit or proceeding shall be brought only in such courts 
(and waives any objection based on forum non conveniens or any other 
objection to venue therein). Each party hereto waives any right to a trial 
by jury in connection with any such action, suit or proceeding.   (c)
Notice. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in  writing
and shall be deemed given when delivered personally, one day after  being
delivered to an overnight courier or when telecopied (with a  confirmatory
copy sent by overnight courier) to the parties at the following  addresses
(or at such other address for a party as shall be specified by  like
notice):   (i) if to Parent or Sub, to:   Smith and Nephew, Inc.  160
Dascomb Road  Andover, Massachusetts 01810  Attention: Ron Sparks,
President  Endoscopy Division  Facsimile No.: 978-749-1005   with a copy
to:   Smith and Nephew, Inc.  1450 Brooks Road  Memphis, Tennessee 38116 
Attention: General Counsel  Facsimile No.: 901-396-7824   and   Sidley
Austin Brown and Wood  Bank One Plaza  10 South Dearborn Street  Chicago,
Illinois 60603  Attention: Pran Jha  Facsimile No.: 312-853-7036  
B-4     (ii) if to the Stockholder, to:   with a copy to:   (d)
Parties in Interest. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of  and be
binding upon the parties named herein and their respective successors  and
assigns. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, is intended to 
confer upon any Person other than Parent, Sub or the Stockholder, or their 
permitted successors or assigns, any rights or remedies under or by reason 
of this Agreement.   (e) Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement
contains the entire  agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the
subject matter  hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous
agreements and  understandings, oral or written, with respect to such
transactions. This  Agreement may not be changed, amended or modified orally,
but only by an  agreement in writing signed by the party against whom any
waiver, change,  amendment, modification or discharge may be sought.   (f)
Headings. The section headings herein are for convenience only and  shall not
affect the construction of this Agreement.   (g) Counterparts. This
Agreement may be executed manually or by  facsimile, in one or more
counterparts, each of which, when executed, shall  be deemed to be an
original and all of which together shall constitute one  and the same
document.   (h) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and
construed in  accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, regardless
of the laws  that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of
conflicts of laws  thereof.   (i) Capitalized Terms. Capitalized terms not
otherwise defined in this  Agreement shall have the meanings set forth in the
Merger Agreement.   (j) Severability. If any term or other provision of this
Agreement is  invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of
law, or  public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement
shall  nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic
and  legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby are not affected
in  any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such determination that
any  term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being
enforced,  the parties shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement
so as to  effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in
a  mutually acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated
by  this Agreement may be consummated as originally contemplated to the
fullest  extent possible.   9. No Limitations on Actions of the Stockholder
as a Director. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement,
nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to limit or
affect, or give rise to any liability to, any Stockholder who is or becomes
(prior to the Termination Date) a director or officer of the Company by
virtue of any actions taken by Stockholder in his or her capacity as an
officer or director of the Company in exercising his or her rights or
obligations under the Merger Agreement or applicable law.   [Signature page
to follow]   B-5     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of Parent and Sub has
caused this Agreement to be signed by its officer thereunto duly authorized
and the Stockholder has duly signed this Agreement, all as of the date first
written above.   SMITH and NEPHEW, INC.   By:
_______________________________  Name:  Title:   ORCHID MERGER CORP.  
By: _______________________________  Name:  Title:   STOCKHOLDER:  
[Name]   By: _______________________________   Number of shares of Common
Stock  owned by the Stockholder on the  date hereof: [Number of Shares]  
B-6     Exhibit C   FIRST AMENDMENT TO PREFERRED SHARES RIGHTS
AGREEMENT   This First Amendment to Preferred Shares Rights Agreement, dated
as of February 13, 2002 (this "Amendment"), to the Preferred Shares Right
Agreement, dated as of November 28, 2000 (the "Rights Agreement"), is entered
into by and between ORATEC Interventions, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
"Company") and American Stock Transfer and Trust Company (the "Rights
Agent").   A. The Company and the Rights Agent have entered into the Rights
Agreement. Pursuant to Section 27 of the Rights Agreement, prior to the
Distribution Date (as defined in the Agreement), the Company may supplement
or amend the Rights Agreement in any respect without the approval of any
holders of Rights and the Company may cause the Rights Agent to execute such
amendment.   B. As of the date of this Amendment, the Distribution Date has
not occurred.   C. The Board of Directors of the Company has determined that
it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to enter into
an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 13, 2002, by and among
Smith and Nephew, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), ORATEC
Interventions, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Parent ("Sub") and the Company (the "Merger Agreement").   D. As a
condition to the willingness of Parent and Sub to enter into the Merger
Agreement, certain stockholders of the Company are entering into Stockholder
Agreements, each dated as of February 13, 2002, with Parent and Sub (the
"Stockholder Agreements").   E. As a further condition to the willingness of
Parent and Sub to enter into the Merger Agreement, the Company is required to
amend the Rights Agreement such that the Rights and the Rights Agreement are
inapplicable to the Offer (as defined in the Merger Agreement), the Merger
(as defined in the Merger Agreement) and the Stockholder Agreements.   In
consideration of the foregoing, the parties agree as follows:   1.
Amendments to the Rights Agreement. The Rights Agreement is hereby amended as
follows:   a. The definition of "Acquiring Person" set forth in Section 1(a)
of the Rights Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to
read as follows:   "(a) "Acquiring Person" shall mean any Person who or
which, together  with all Affiliates and Associates of such Person, shall be
the  Beneficial Owner of 15% or more of the Common Shares then outstanding, 
but shall not include (i) the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company or  any
employee benefit plan of the Company or of any Subsidiary of the  Company, or
any entity holding Common Shares for or pursuant to the  terms of any such
plan, nor (ii) Smith and Nephew, Inc. ("Parent") or  Orchid Merger Corp.
("Sub") or any of their Affiliates or Associates  (the "SandN; Group") in the
event that the SandN; Group shall become the  Beneficial Owners of Common
Shares of the Company upon the execution of,  or in one or more transactions
contemplated by, and not in contravention  of, the Agreement and Plan of
Merger, dated as of February 13, 2002, by  and among Parent, Sub and the
Company or the Stockholder Agreements,  dated as of February 13, 2002, by and
between Parent and certain holders  of Common Shares of the Company.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no  Person shall be deemed to be an Acquiring
Person either (i) as the  result of an acquisition of Common Shares by the
Company which, by  reducing the number of shares outstanding, increases the
proportionate  number of shares beneficially owned by such Person to 15% or
more of the  Common Shares of the Company then outstanding; provided,
however, that  if a Person shall become the Beneficial Owner of 15% or more
of the  Common Shares of the Company then outstanding by reason of share 
purchases by the Company   C-1     and shall, after such share purchases
by the Company, become the  Beneficial Owner of any additional Common Shares
of the Company, (other  than pursuant to a dividend or distribution paid or
made by the Company  on the outstanding Common Shares in Common Shares or
pursuant to a split  or subdivision of the outstanding Common Shares), then
such Person shall  be deemed to be an Acquiring Person unless upon becoming
the Beneficial  Owner of such additional Common Shares of the Company such
Person does  not beneficially own 15% or more of the Common Shares of the
Company  then outstanding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) if the Board
of  Directors of the Company determines in good faith that a Person who 
would otherwise be an "Acquiring Person" as defined pursuant to the 
foregoing provisions of this Section 1(a) has become such inadvertently 
(including, without limitation, because (A) such Person was unaware that  it
beneficially owned a percentage of the Common Shares that would  otherwise
cause such Person to be an "Acquiring Person," as defined  pursuant to the
foregoing provisions of this Section 1(a) or (B) such  Person was aware of
the extent of the Common Shares it beneficially  owned but had no actual
knowledge of the consequences of such beneficial  ownership under this
Agreement) and without any intention of changing or  influencing control of
the Company, and if such Person divested or  divests as promptly as
practicable a sufficient number of Common Shares  so that such Person would
no longer be an "Acquiring Person," as defined  pursuant to the foregoing
provisions of this Section 1(a), then such  Person shall not be deemed to be
or to have become an "Acquiring Person"  for any purposes of this Agreement;
and (ii) if, as of the date hereof,  any Person is the Beneficial Owner of
15% or more of the Common Shares  outstanding, such Person shall not be or
become an "Acquiring Person,"  as defined pursuant to the foregoing
provisions of this Section 1(a),  unless and until such time as such Person
shall become the Beneficial  Owner of additional Common Shares (other than
pursuant to a dividend or  distribution paid or made by the Company on the
outstanding Common  Shares in Common Shares or pursuant to a split or
subdivision of the  outstanding Common Shares), unless, upon becoming the
Beneficial Owner  of such additional Common Shares, such Person is not then
the Beneficial  Owner of 15% or more of the Common Shares then
outstanding."   b. The definition of "Distribution Date" set forth in
Section 1(h) of the Rights Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its
entirety to read as follows:   "(h) "Distribution Date" shall mean the
earlier of (i) the Close of  Business on the tenth day (or such later date as
may be determined by  action of a majority of the Board of Directors) after
the Shares  Acquisition Date (or, if the tenth day after the Shares
Acquisition Date  occurs before the Record Date, the Close of Business on the
Record Date)  or (ii) the Close of Business on the tenth day (or such later
date as  may be determined by action of a majority of the Board of
Directors)  after the date that a tender or exchange offer by any Person
(other than  (A) the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company, any employee
benefit  plan of the Company or of any Subsidiary of the Company, or any
Person  or entity organized, appointed or established by the Company for or 
pursuant to the terms of any such plan or (B) the SandN; Group, provided  that
in each case involving a member of the SandN; Group such action shall  be in
accordance with, and not in contravention of, the terms of the  Merger
Agreement and the Stockholder Agreements) is first published or  sent or
given within the meaning of Rule 14d-2(a) of the General Rules  and
Regulations under the Exchange Act, if, assuming the successful  consummation
thereof, such Person would be the Beneficial Owner of 15%  or more of the
shares of Common Stock then outstanding."   2. Governing Law. This Amendment
shall be deemed to be a contract made under the laws of the State of Delaware
and for all purposes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
laws of such State applicable to contracts to be made and performed entirely
within such State.   3. Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in any
number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all such
counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument.   Terms
used herein but not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the
Rights Agreement.   C-2     The parties have caused this Agreement to be
duly executed as of the date first written above.   ORATEC INTERVENTIONS,
INC.   /s/ KENNETH W. ANSTEY  By: _______________________________  
Kenneth W. Anstey  Name: _______________________________   President and
Chief Executive  Officer  Title: ____________________________   AMERICAN
STOCK TRANSFER TRUST COMPANY   /s/ HERBERT J. LEMMER  By:
_______________________________   Herbert J. Lemmer  Name:
_______________________________   Vice President  Title:
____________________________     [Signature page to First Amendment to
Preferred Shares Rights Agreement]   C-3    '

