 EXHIBIT 10.18     Exhibit
10.18    ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT    BY AND BETWEEN    MAC-GRAY
SERVICES, INC.,   ("BUYER")    AND   WEB SERVICE COMPANY, INC.  
("SELLER")    JANUARY 10, 2005     TABLE OF CONTENTS     PAGE 
----  ~~  SECTION 1. PURCHASE AND SALE OF ASSETS; PURCHASE
PRICE........................1  1.1 Sale of
Assets.....................................................1  1.2
Liabilities........................................................4  1.3
Purchase Price.....................................................5  1.4
Purchase Price Adjustments; Proration..............................5  1.5
Closing............................................................7  1.6
Transfer of Subject Assets.........................................9  1.7
Delivery of Records and Contracts..................................9  1.8
Allocation of Purchase Price......................................10  1.9
Procedures for Assets not Transferable............................10  1.10
Sales and Transfer Taxes..........................................11  1.11
Inventory
Count...................................................11  SECTION 2.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER..........................12  2.1
Organization and Qualifications of Seller.........................12  2.2
Authority of Seller...............................................13  2.3
Real Property.....................................................13  2.4
Title; Liens; Sufficiency of Assets...............................15  2.5
Laundry Leases....................................................15  2.6
Financial Statements; Undisclosed Liabilities.....................16  2.7
Equipment.........................................................16  2.8
Taxes.............................................................16  2.9
Insurance.........................................................17  2.10
Absence of Certain Changes........................................17  2.11
Intellectual Property.............................................19  2.12
Contracts.........................................................20  2.13
Litigation........................................................21  2.14
Compliance with Laws..............................................21  2.15
Finder\'s Fees.....................................................21  2.16
Permits; Burdensome Agreements....................................21  2.17
Related Parties...................................................22  2.18
Employee Benefit Programs.........................................22  2.19
Environmental Matters.............................................24  2.20
Labor and Employment Matters......................................25  2.21
Customers.........................................................26  SECTION
3. COVENANTS OF SELLER...............................................27  3.1
Seller Confidential Information...................................27  3.2
Notice of Breach..................................................27  3.3
General Cooperation...............................................27   
(i)     ~~   3.4
Employees.........................................................27  3.5
Access to Information.............................................29  3.6
2004 Income Statements............................................29  3.7
Updated Schedules.................................................29  3.8
Bonus Plan........................................................29  3.9 Put
Right.........................................................29  SECTION 4.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER...........................30  4.1
Making of Representations and Warranties..........................30  4.2
Organization......................................................30  4.3
Authority.........................................................30  4.4
Litigation........................................................31  4.5
Finder\'s Fees.....................................................31  4.6
Domestic Rental
Business..........................................31  SECTION 5. COVENANTS
OF BUYER................................................31  5.1 General
Cooperation...............................................31  SECTION 6.
SURVIVAL OF WARRANTIES; FEES AND EXPENSES.........................31  6.1
Survival of Warranties............................................31  6.2
Fees and
Expenses.................................................31  SECTION 7.
INDEMNIFICATION...................................................31  7.1
Indemnification by Seller.........................................31  7.2
Limitations on Indemnification by Seller..........................33  7.3
Indemnification by Buyer..........................................34  7.4
Limitations on Indemnification by Buyer...........................34  7.5
Notice; Defense of
Claims.........................................35  SECTION 8.
MISCELLANEOUS.....................................................36  8.1 Law
Governing.....................................................36  8.2
Notices...........................................................36  8.3
Entire Agreement..................................................37  8.4
Assignability; Severability.......................................37  8.5
Captions and Gender...............................................38  8.6
Certain Definitions...............................................38  8.7
Execution in Counterparts.........................................38  8.8
Amendments; Waivers...............................................38  8.9
Dispute Resolution................................................39   
(ii)    SCHEDULES  Schedule 1.1(a)(i) - Laundry Leases; Route
Equipment Schedule 1.1(a)(v) - Equipment Inventory Schedule 1.1(a)(ix) -
Phone Numbers Schedule 1.1(b)(iv) Intercompany Agreements Schedule
1.1(b)(viii) - Vehicles Schedule 1.1(b)(x) - Excluded Counties Schedule
1.4(a) - Estimated Equipment Count Schedule 1.8 - Allocation of Purchase
Price Schedule 2.1 - TLP Ownership Schedule 2.3 - Real Property;
Leases Schedule 2.5 - Defaults; Breaches Schedule 2.6(a)(i) - Income
Statements Schedule 2.6(a)(ii) - Other Data Schedule 2.9 -
Insurance Schedule 2.10 - Absence of Certain Changes Schedule 2.11 -
Intellectual Property Schedule 2.12 - Material Contracts Schedule 2.13 -
Litigation Schedule 2.14 - Compliance with Laws Schedule 2.16 -
Approvals Schedule 2.17 - Related Party Transactions Schedule 2.18 -
Employee Benefit Programs Schedule 2.19 - Environmental Matters Schedule
2.20(a) - Employees Schedule 2.20(b) - Plant Closings and Layoffs Schedule
2.21 - Customers Schedule 3.4 - Bonus Summary   (iii)    ASSET PURCHASE
AGREEMENT   THIS ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this "AGREEMENT") is entered into
as of January 10, 2005 by and between Mac-Gray Services, Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("BUYER"), and Web Service Company, Inc., a California
corporation ("SELLER").   W I T N E S S E T H   WHEREAS, Seller operates a
laundry route business, including operations in the states of Alabama,
Arkansas, Arizona, Colorado, Louisiana, Mississippi, Oregon, New Mexico,
Oklahoma, Texas, Utah, Washington and Wyoming (the "TERRITORY;" provided that
the Territory shall not include the Excluded Counties as defined in Section
1.1(b)(x) below); and   WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions hereof,
Seller desires to sell, transfer and assign to Buyer, and Buyer desires to
purchase from Seller, substantially all of the property, assets and business
comprising the laundry route business of Seller in the Territory, together
with a limited number of Laundry Lease locations in California near the
border of the Territory as identified in SCHEDULE 1.1(a)(i) (the "CALIFORNIA
LEASES"), (collectively, the "BUSINESS"), except as otherwise specifically
excluded in this Agreement.   NOW, THEREFORE, in order to consummate said
purchase and sale and in consideration of the mutual representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements, and upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:  SECTION
1. PURCHASE AND SALE OF ASSETS; PURCHASE PRICE.   1.1 SALE OF ASSETS.  
(a) Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, at the Closing (as defined
in Section 1.5 hereof) Seller shall sell, transfer and assign to Buyer and
Buyer shall acquire from Seller, all right, title and interest in and to all
of the assets, properties and business used or held for use exclusively in
connection with the Business (except as provided in Section 1.1(b)), of
every kind and description, tangible and intangible, real, personal or mixed,
and wherever located, including, without limitation, the following:   (i)
all right, title and interest of Seller in and to  all leases, contracts,
agreements and arrangements, whether written or oral  and including any
tenancy at will, for the installation, placement,  servicing or leasing of
Machines (as defined below) in the Territory or  otherwise relating to the
Business (including without limitation leases of  laundry facility premises
and leases of Machines to apartment owners in  exchange for rental payments
from the apartment owner, but excluding all  leases relating solely to
Machines located in the Excluded Counties, as  defined below) (collectively,
the "LAUNDRY LEASES"). A correct and complete  list of Laundry Leases of
Seller and TLP as of November 30, 2004 is  attached hereto as SCHEDULE
1.1(a)(i);     (ii) all laundry machines, washers, dryers, change 
machines, debit-card and smart-card add-value stations, detergent, soap, 
bleach and softener dispensers and similar machines and equipment 
(collectively, "MACHINES") of Seller located at the Laundry Lease locations 
(collectively, the "ROUTE EQUIPMENT"), including without limitation the 
laundry machines, washers and dryers listed in SCHEDULE 1.1(a)(i);   (iii)
all other assets of Seller relating exclusively to  the Laundry Leases,
including without limitation, all fixtures and  leasehold improvements at
each Laundry Lease location;   (iv) all cash and monies contained in the
Route Equipment  and the Vehicles (as defined below) as of 11:59 p.m.,
Mountain Time, on the  Closing Date (as defined in Section 1.5 hereof)
("INCLUDED CLOSING CASH");   (v) all new, used and refurbished Machines and
related  tools, parts, equipment and accessories of or relating exclusively
to the  Business which are not located at the Laundry Lease locations 
(collectively, the "EQUIPMENT INVENTORY"). A correct and complete list of 
all new, used and refurbished laundry machines, washers and dryers in the 
Equipment Inventory as of December 10, 2004 is attached hereto as  SCHEDULE
1.1(a)(v);   (vi) all other tangible property and assets of or  relating
exclusively to the Business, wherever located, including without  limitation,
all coin and currency counting machines, furniture, computer  equipment,
supplies and other assets located at the Real Estate (as defined  in Section
2.3(a)) and in the Vehicles;   (vii) all goodwill, intellectual property
rights and other  intangible assets and Seller Intellectual Property (as
defined in Section  2.11(a)) of or relating exclusively to the Business, to
the extent  assignable, including without limitation, trade secrets,
proprietary  information, customer lists, prospect lists, technologies,
inventions,  know-how, processes, procedures, research records, software and
software  documentation, market surveys and marketing know-how;   (viii)
all of Seller\'s right, title and interest in and to  (A) a 67% general
partnership interest in Tucson Laundry Partners, an  Arizona limited
partnership ("TLP") and (B) the Put Option Agreement dated  as of May 1, 2001
between Seller and Corporate Laundry Partners, as amended  by the First
Amendment dated November 1, 2004 (the "TLP PUT/OPTION" or the  "TRANSFERRED
CONTRACTS");   (ix) all rights to each of the telephone numbers used or 
held for use by Seller exclusively in connection with the Business, 
including without limitation the telephone numbers listed on  SCHEDULE
1.1(a)(ix) hereto;   (x) to the extent assignable, all of Seller\'s right, 
title and interest in and to all franchises, licenses, permits, 
certifications, approvals and authorizations of or relating exclusively to 
the Business;   2    (xi) all customer and business records relating 
exclusively to the Business, including without limitation, customer lists, 
records, invoices and histories, supplier and vendor lists and records and 
all records with respect to the Laundry Leases; and   (xii) all claims and
causes of action of Seller against  any other person relating to the Subject
Assets or relating exclusively to  the Business (excluding claims and causes
of action related to liabilities  of Seller other than the Assumed
Liabilities), whether or not such claims  and causes of action have been
asserted, and all rights of indemnity,  warranty rights, rights of
contribution, rights to refunds, rights of  reimbursement and other rights of
recovery of Seller (regardless of whether  such rights are currently
exercisable) relating to the Subject Assets or  relating exclusively to the
Business.   The assets, property and business of Seller being sold to and
purchased by Buyer under this Agreement are herein sometimes referred to as
the "SUBJECT ASSETS."   (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, there shall be
excluded from such purchase and sale the following property and assets of
Seller:   (i) all assets of Seller not used or held for use  exclusively in
connection with the Business and which are not otherwise  necessary for the
operation of the Business as currently conducted;   (ii) other than Included
Closing Cash, all cash, cash  equivalents, bank deposits and bank accounts of
Seller, including all cash  in Seller\'s counting rooms as of 11:59 p.m.
Mountain Time, on the Closing  Date (collectively, "EXCLUDED CLOSING
CASH";   (iii) Seller\'s stock record books, corporate record books  and
such other records which relate primarily to Seller\'s taxes,  organization,
tax returns or stock capitalization (collectively, the  "CORPORATE
RECORDS");   (iv) other than the Transferred Contracts, any rights or 
claims of Seller under any intercompany receivables, obligations,  agreements
or arrangements relating to the Business between or among Seller  and any
subsidiary or affiliate of Seller, all of which intercompany  receivables,
obligations, agreements and arrangements are listed in  SCHEDULE 1.1(b)(iv)
attached hereto (the "INTERCOMPANY AGREEMENTS");   (v) all accounts
receivable of Seller;   (vi) all contracts and policies of insurance;  
(vii) prepaid employee expenses and all assets of Seller  under any employee
benefit, savings or pension plan;   (viii) except for the contents thereof,
all vehicles used  or held for use exclusively in the Business (collectively,
the "VEHICLES").  A correct and complete list of the Vehicles as of December
14, 2004 is  attached hereto as SCHEDULE 1.1(b)(viii);   3    (ix) all
real property owned by Seller; and   (x) all laundry leases relating solely
to Machines  located in the counties listed on SCHEDULE 1.1(b)(x) attached 
hereto (the "EXCLUDED COUNTIES") and all Machines and other  assets related
exclusively to the laundry lease locations in  the Excluded Counties.
References to the Business and the  Subject Assets specifically exclude all
operations and assets  in the Excluded Counties.   The assets, property and
business of Seller which are excluded from the Subject Assets under this
Section 1.1(b) are sometimes referred to as the "EXCLUDED ASSETS." All
references to the Business and the Subject Assets specifically exclude the
business and assets related to the Excluded Counties and include the
California Leases.   1.2 LIABILITIES.   (a) Subject to Sections 1.9(a) and
(b), Buyer shall assume, at the Closing, the obligations of Seller under the
Laundry Leases (including without limitation, the obligation to make any
required commission payments, revenue sharing payments or route rental
payments under any Laundry Lease with respect to amounts collected or
received by Buyer, including amounts due in respect of Included Closing Cash)
and the Transferred Contracts, in each case only to the extent such
obligations: (A) arise after the Closing Date or relate to commissions due in
respect of Included Closing Cash; (B) do not arise from or relate to any
breach by Seller of any provision of any Laundry Lease or the Transferred
Contracts (C) do not arise from or relate to any event, circumstance or
condition occurring or existing on or prior to the Closing Date that,
with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute or result in a breach
by Seller, Buyer or any of their respective affiliates of any provision of
any Laundry Lease or the Transferred Contracts; and (D) are ascertainable
solely by reference to the express terms of the Laundry Leases and the
Transferred Contracts (the "ASSUMED LIABILITIES"). Notwithstanding anything
in this Agreement to the contrary, the Assumed Liabilities shall not include,
and Buyer shall not assume and shall not pay or be liable for:   (i) any
liability under any contract other than the  Laundry Leases and the
Transferred Contracts;   (ii) any liability with respect to Taxes (as
defined in  Section 2.8) of Seller attributable to the Subject Assets or the
Business  or TLP for any portion of any period or partial period ending on or
before  the Closing Date;   (iii) any liability arising out of or resulting
from the  matters disclosed on SCHEDULES 2.13 and 2.14; and   (iv) any
liability of Seller to any current or former  employee of Seller, TLP or any
of their respective affiliates.   The assumption of the Assumed Liabilities
by Buyer shall not enlarge any rights of third parties under contracts or
arrangements with Buyer or Seller or any of their respective affiliates or
subsidiaries.   4    (b) Except for the Assumed Liabilities, Buyer shall
not assume or be bound by any obligations or liabilities of Seller or any
affiliate of Seller of any kind or nature whatsoever, whether known, unknown,
accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise, now existing or hereafter
arising. Seller shall be responsible for and pay any and all obligations and
liabilities of every kind or nature whatsoever relating to (i) the operation
of the Business prior to the Closing (including without limitation, the
obligation to make any required commission payments, revenue sharing payments
or route rental payments under any Laundry Lease with respect to amounts
collected or received by Seller, including amounts due in respect of Excluded
Closing Cash), (ii) the Excluded Assets, (iii) all liabilities of Seller
other than the Assumed Liabilities and (iv) any event, act, omission,
condition or any other state of facts occurring or existing prior to the
Closing Date.   1.3 PURCHASE PRICE. In consideration of the sale by Seller
to Buyer of the Subject Assets, subject to the assumption by Buyer of the
Assumed Liabilities, Buyer will pay an aggregate purchase price (the
"PURCHASE PRICE") equal to One Hundred Seven Million Five Hundred Seven
Thousand Four Hundred Eighty-Seven Dollars ($107,507,487). The Purchase Price
is subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 1.4. The Purchase Price shall be
paid as follows:   (a) at the Closing, Buyer shall deliver to Seller by
wire transfer pursuant to wiring instructions specified by Seller to Buyer in
writing (the "SELLER WIRE INSTRUCTIONS"), One Hundred Three Million Eight
Hundred Seven Thousand Four Hundred Eighty-Seven Dollars ($103,807,487.00);
and   (b) on the date required by Section 1.4(b), Buyer will pay to Seller
Three Million Seven Hundred Thousand Dollars ($3,700,000.00) or such lesser
amount as required by Section 1.4(b).   1.4 PURCHASE PRICE ADJUSTMENTS;
PRORATION   (a) EQUIPMENT ADJUSTMENT. Within 180 days after the Closing
Date, Buyer shall conduct a count of all washers and dryers included in the
Route Equipment (the "CLOSING EQUIPMENT COUNT") and shall deliver to Seller a
schedule reflecting such count. Seller shall be deemed to accept the Closing
Equipment Count unless Seller delivers a notice of objection to Buyer within
ten (10) days following receipt thereof from Buyer. If Seller provides a
notice of objection to Buyer, Seller and Buyer shall first use commercially
reasonable efforts to resolve such dispute. If the parties are able to
resolve such dispute, the Closing Equipment Count shall be revised to the
extent necessary to reflect such resolution and shall be conclusive and
binding upon all parties and shall not be subject to dispute or review. If
the parties are unable to resolve the dispute within twenty (20) days after
delivery of a notice of objection by Seller, either party may submit the
dispute to arbitration in accordance with Section 8.9. The Closing Equipment
Count as determined pursuant to arbitration shall be conclusive and binding
upon all parties and shall not be subject to dispute or review. If the
Closing Equipment Count as finally determined is less than the total number
of washers and dryers listed on SCHEDULE 1.4(a) as the Estimated Equipment
Count as of September 30, 2004 (the "ESTIMATED EQUIPMENT COUNT"), then Seller
shall pay to Buyer an amount equal to (i) the Estimated Equipment Count minus
the Closing Equipment Count, multiplied by (ii) the Equipment Multiple listed
on SCHEDULE 1.4(a) (the   5   "EQUIPMENT MULTIPLE"), and the Purchase
Price shall be reduced by such amount. Any amounts payable by Seller to Buyer
under this Section 1.4(a) shall be delivered in cash within ten (10) days
following the final determination of the Closing Equipment Count. If the
Closing Equipment Count as finally determined equals or exceeds the Estimated
Equipment Count, then no payment shall be required from Seller to Buyer under
this Section 1.4(a). For purposes of calculating the Closing Equipment Count,
washer and dryer units shall be counted as provided in SCHEDULE 1.4(a). The
methodology for determining the adjustment of the Purchase Price set forth in
this Section 1.4(a) is not intended to establish the allocation of the
Purchase Price based on the fair market value of the Subject Assets, which
the parties agree shall be as provided in SCHEDULE 1.8. The Purchase Price
shall be adjusted as necessary to reflect any payment made pursuant to this
Section 1.4(a).   (b) LOST LEASE ADJUSTMENT. Within fifteen (15) days after
the nine month anniversary of the Closing Date, Buyer shall deliver to Seller
a schedule (the "LOST LEASE SCHEDULE") setting forth each Restricted Lease
with respect to which Buyer has lost all benefits or has never received any
benefits, in each case solely as a result of the failure to obtain the
required consent to the assignment to Buyer of such Restricted Lease, and not
as a result of any action by Buyer in performing the obligations under such
Restricted Lease) or the expiration of such Restricted Lease under its terms
(each, a "LOST LEASE"). Seller shall be deemed to accept the Lost Lease
Schedule unless Seller delivers a notice of objection to Buyer within thirty
(30) days following confirmation of receipt by Bill Bloomfield, Jr. of the
Lost Lease Schedule from Buyer. If Seller provides a notice of objection to
Buyer, Seller and Buyer shall first use commercially reasonable efforts to
resolve such dispute. If the parties are able to resolve such dispute, the
Lost Lease Schedule shall be revised to the extent necessary to reflect such
resolution and shall be conclusive and binding upon all parties and shall not
be subject to dispute or review. If the parties are unable to resolve the
dispute within twenty (20) days after delivery of a notice of objection by
Seller, either party may submit the dispute to arbitration in accordance with
Section 8.9. The Lost Lease Schedule as determined pursuant to arbitration
shall be conclusive and binding upon all parties and shall not be subject to
dispute or review.   For purposes of this Agreement, "RESTRICTED LEASE"
means a Laundry Lease which is not assignable or transferable by Seller to
Buyer either by its terms or under applicable law without the consent of a
third party, other than a Laundry Lease that is cancelable at any time by the
lessor under the terms of the Laundry Lease upon no more than 90 days\'
written notice.   The Purchase Price shall be reduced by an amount equal to
the excess, if any, of (i) the total number of Machines installed under the
Lost Leases set forth on the Lost Lease Schedule as finally determined,
multiplied by the Equipment Multiple over (ii) $4,300,000 (such excess, the
"LOST LEASE AMOUNT"). For example, if the product of the total number of
Machines installed under the Lost Leases multiplied by the Equipment Multiple
is $4,400,000, then the Lost Lease Amount shall be $100,000. As promptly as
practicable and in any event within ten (10) days after the Lost Lease
Schedule is finally determined, Buyer will deliver to Seller by wire transfer
pursuant to the Seller Wire Instructions, an amount equal to (a) $3,700,000
minus (b) the Lost Lease Amount. In no event shall the Lost Lease Amount
exceed $3,700,000 pursuant to this Section 1.4(b). The methodology for
determining the adjustment of the Purchase Price set forth in this Section
1.4(b) is not intended to establish the allocation of the Purchase Price
based on the fair market value of the Subject Assets, which the parties agree
shall be as provided in SCHEDULE   6   1.8. The Purchase Price shall be
adjusted as necessary to reflect any payment made pursuant to this Section
1.4(b).   (c) PRORATION. Seller will provide to Buyer copies of
all personal property tax returns relating to the Subject Assets due on or
prior to the Closing Date and Buyer shall prepare and file all personal
property tax returns relating to the Subject Assets due after the Closing
Date. The personal property taxes due under the returns and any payroll taxes
payable by Buyer for periods prior to the Closing shall be pro rated by Buyer
and Seller as of 11:59 p.m., Mountain Time, on the Closing Date. Within 60
days following the Closing Date, Seller will deliver to Buyer a report
detailing the personal property and payroll taxes paid by Seller and Buyer
relating to periods that are subject to proration, and providing a
calculation of the amount due to Seller from Buyer or the amount due to Buyer
from Seller, as applicable, and Buyer shall be deemed to accept such report
if Buyer does not provide a written objection within twenty (20) days of
Buyer\'s receipt of such report. If Buyer does not object to the report, the
party owing a prorated amount to the other party shall pay such amount within
thirty (30) days of receipt of the report. If Buyer does deliver a written
objection to Seller\'s report, Seller and Buyer shall first use commercially
reasonable efforts to resolve such dispute. If the parties are able to
resolve such dispute, Seller\'s proration report shall be revised to
the extent necessary to reflect such resolution and shall be conclusive and
binding upon all parties and shall not be subject to dispute or review. If
the parties are unable to resolve the dispute within twenty (20) days after
delivery of a notice of objection by Buyer, either party may submit the
dispute to arbitration in accordance with Section 8.9.   If Seller receives
any amounts after the Closing Date in respect of January 2005 fixed rate
billings under Laundry Leases, Seller shall promptly pay such amounts to
Buyer.   (d) TLP TECHNICAL TERMINATION. TLP will have a
technical termination pursuant to Section 708(b) of the Internal Revenue Code
(the "CODE"). The parties acknowledge that TLP will be required to file
an information return on Form 1065 (and any similar state or local
information return) for the short taxable year that ends on the Closing Date
(a "SELLER RETURN") and Seller will be responsible for preparing and filing
any such Seller Return; provided, however, that (i) any such Seller Return
shall be prepared and filed in a manner consistent with past practice and no
position will be taken, election made or method adopted that is inconsistent
with positions taken, elections made or methods used in preparing and filing
Tax Returns in prior periods and (ii) Seller shall permit Buyer to review any
Seller Return within a reasonable period of time prior to the due date for
filing such Seller Return.   1.5 CLOSING   (a) CLOSING DATE. The closing
of the purchase and sale provided for in this Agreement (the "Closing") shall
be held at the offices of Jeffer, Mangels, Butler and Marmaro LLP, 1900 Avenue
of the Stars, Los Angeles, CA 90067, on the date hereof, or at such other
place or later date as may be fixed by mutual agreement of Buyer and Seller
(the "Closing Date").   7    (b) ACTIONS TO BE TAKEN AT THE CLOSING. The
following actions shall be taken at the Closing:   (i) DELIVERY OF THE
PURCHASE PRICE. Buyer shall deliver  the Purchase Price in accordance with
Section 1.3.   (ii) DELIVERY OF SELLER\'S DOCUMENTS. Seller shall execute 
and deliver or cause to be delivered to Buyer all agreements, certificates 
and other documents required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of 
this Agreement, including without limitation the following:   (A) an
Assignment and Assumption Agreement with  respect to the Subject Assets and
the Assumed Liabilities executed  by Seller in a form mutually acceptable to
Seller and Buyer and  their respective counsel (the "ASSIGNMENT AND
ASSUMPTION  AGREEMENT");   (B) a Bill of Sale and Assignment of
Intangibles  with respect to the Subject Assets executed by Seller in a
form  mutually acceptable to Seller and Buyer and their respective 
counsel;   (C) an Occupancy Agreement with respect to each  of Seller\'s
facilities listed on SCHEDULE 2.3 hereto, executed by  Seller in a form
mutually acceptable to Seller and Buyer and their  respective counsel (the
"OCCUPANCY AGREEMENT");   (D) a Transition Services Agreement executed by 
Seller in a form mutually acceptable to Seller and Buyer and their 
respective counsel (the "SERVICES AGREEMENT");   (E) a License Agreement
executed by Seller in a  form mutually acceptable to Seller and Buyer and
their respective  counsel (the "LICENSE AGREEMENT"); and   (F) a
certification, reasonably satisfactory to  Buyer, that Seller is not a
foreign person under Code Section 1445  and the Treasury Regulations
thereunder.   (iii) DELIVERY OF BUYER\'S DOCUMENTS. Buyer shall execute 
and deliver to Seller all agreements, certificates and other documents 
required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, 
including without limitation, the following:   (A) the Assignment and
Assumption Agreement;   (B) the Occupancy Agreement;   (C) the Services
Agreement; and   8    (D) the License Agreement.   (iv) OPINIONS OF
COUNSEL.   (A) Buyer shall have received from Jeffer,  Mangels, Butler and
Marmaro LLP, counsel to Seller, an opinion in a  form mutually acceptable to
Seller and Buyer and their respective  counsel.   (B) Seller shall have
received from Goodwin  Procter LLP, counsel to Buyer, an opinion in a form
mutually  acceptable to Seller and Buyer and their respective counsel.  
1.6 TRANSFER OF SUBJECT ASSETS. At the Closing, Seller shall deliver or cause
to be delivered to Buyer good and sufficient instruments of
transfer transferring to Buyer all right, title and interest in and to all of
the Subject Assets. Such instruments of transfer (a) shall be in the form
which is usual and customary for transferring the type of property involved
under the laws of the jurisdictions applicable to such transfers, (b) shall
be in form and substance satisfactory to Buyer and its counsel, (c) shall
effectively vest in Buyer good and marketable title to all of the Subject
Assets free and clear of all mortgages, pledges, security interests, charges,
liens, restrictions, easements, covenants, leases, assessments, claims,
rights, judgments, encroachments and encumbrances of any kind (collectively,
"LIENS"), and (d) where applicable, shall be accompanied by evidence of the
discharge of all Liens on the Subject Assets. Seller from time to time after
the Closing at the request of Buyer and without further consideration shall
execute and deliver further instruments of transfer and assignment (in
addition to those delivered at the Closing) and take such other actions as
Buyer may reasonably require to more effectively transfer and assign to, and
vest in, Buyer each of the Subject Assets and remove any Liens thereon.
Except as otherwise provided in Section 1 of the Services Agreement, Seller
shall within five (5) business days following the receipt thereof, (i)
forward or refer to Buyer all third party inquiries and correspondence
relating to the Subject Assets or the Business and (ii) remit any and all
amounts received by Seller which are properly included in the Subject Assets
(including without limitation, payments under any Laundry Lease).   1.7
DELIVERY OF RECORDS AND CONTRACTS. Seller shall deliver or cause to be
delivered to Buyer on January 13, 2005 at Buyer\'s Cambridge,
Massachusetts office all of the Laundry Leases (together with all
correspondence and records relating to the Laundry Leases), with such
assignments thereof and consents to assignments as are necessary to assure
Buyer of the full benefit of the same, subject to Section 1.9 hereof. Seller
shall also deliver or cause to be delivered to Buyer as promptly as
practicable and in any event within thirty (30) days following the Closing,
all of Seller\'s business records, books and other data relating exclusively
to the Subject Assets and/or the Business; provided that if Buyer requests
any particular business records, books or other data relating exclusively to
the Subject Assets and/or the Business that is readily available to Seller,
Seller shall deliver such requested material to Buyer within two (2) business
days. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 1.7, as of the Closing,
Seller shall take all requisite steps to put Buyer in actual possession and
operating control of the Subject Assets and the Business.   9    1.8
ALLOCATION OF PURCHASE PRICE. Buyer and Seller hereby agree on the allocation
of the purchase price among the Subject Assets as set forth on SCHEDULE 1.8
hereto (the "1060 ALLOCATION"). At or as soon as practicable after the
Closing, Buyer and Seller shall execute IRS Forms 8594 in accordance with the
allocation set forth in the 1060 Allocation and in compliance with
Section 1060 of the Code, and the Treasury Regulations thereunder (including
Treasury Regulation Section 1.1060-1(c)(8)). In the event that there is an
adjustment to the purchase price pursuant to this Agreement, Buyer and Seller
agree to negotiate in good faith to agree to a revised 1060 Allocation and,
in the event that any dispute with respect to any revised 1060 Allocation
cannot be resolved within twenty (20) days, the dispute shall be conclusively
resolved by an independent accountant mutually selected by Buyer and Seller.
The 1060 Allocation shall be binding upon Buyer and Seller for all purposes
and Buyer and Seller agree to act in a manner entirely in accordance with the
1060 Allocation (or a revised 1060 Allocation, if applicable) in the
preparation and filing of all Tax Returns (as defined in Section 2.8(b)) and
in any discussion with or proceeding before any taxing authority unless
required to do otherwise by applicable law. Buyer and Seller shall inform
each other promptly of any challenge by any taxing authority to the 1060
Allocation or the values expressed therein.   1.9 PROCEDURES FOR ASSETS NOT
TRANSFERABLE.   (a) If any of the Laundry Leases, the Transferred
Contracts, Seller\'s interest in TLP, or any other property or rights
included in the Subject Assets is not assignable or transferable either by
virtue of the provisions thereof or under applicable law without the consent
of some party or parties and any such consent is not obtained prior to the
Closing, this Agreement and the related instruments of transfer shall not
constitute an assignment or transfer thereof and Buyer shall not assume the
obligations of Seller under any such Laundry Lease or Transferred Contract.
Seller shall take all such actions as Buyer may reasonably request (including
without limitation the execution of consent requests and other documents and
phone calls with third parties) to assist Buyer in obtaining such consents as
soon as possible after the Closing in a manner that Buyer believes will avoid
any default, conflict or termination of rights under such Laundry Leases and
Transferred Contracts. In the event that any Laundry Lease or Transferred
Contract included in the Subject Assets is not assigned to Buyer by reason of
the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.9, this Agreement, if permitted by
law, shall constitute full and equitable assignment and transfer by Seller to
Buyer of all of Seller\'s right, title and interest in and to, and all of
Seller\'s liabilities under those Laundry Leases and Transferred Contracts
(the "EQUITABLY ASSIGNED CONTRACTS"). Buyer shall be deemed Seller\'s agent
for performing such Equitably Assigned Contract and completing, fulfilling
and discharging all of Seller\'s liabilities under any such Equitably
Assigned Contract that constitute Assumed Liabilities. Buyer and Seller shall
take all commercially reasonable steps and actions to provide Buyer with all
of the benefits of such Equitably Assigned Contracts and to relieve Seller of
the performance and other liabilities thereunder (to the extent constituting
Assumed Liabilities). In particular and without limiting the foregoing,
Seller shall, within five (5) business days after Closing, subcontract to
Buyer all services to be performed, and benefits to be received, by Seller
under Laundry Leases with ERP Operating Partnership and properties managed or
controlled by it, including such Laundry Leases under the Master Laundry
Agreement between Seller and ERP Operating Partnership (as amended).  
10    (b) If Seller shall be unable to make the equitable
assignment described in Section 1.9(a), or if such attempted transfer would
adversely affect the rights of Seller or Buyer under any Laundry Lease or
Transferred Contract or Seller\'s interest in TLP, or would not assign all of
Seller\'s rights thereunder, Seller and Buyer shall continue to cooperate and
use all commercially reasonable efforts to provide Buyer with all such
rights. To the extent that any such consents are not obtained, or until the
impediments to such transfer are resolved, Seller shall use all commercially
reasonable efforts to the extent permitted by law and specifically requested
by Buyer to (i) provide to Buyer the benefits of any such Laundry Lease and
Transferred Contract, (ii) cooperate in any lawful arrangement designed to
provide such benefits to Buyer and (iii) enforce, at the request of and for
the account of Buyer, and at Buyer\'s expense, the rights of Seller arising
from any such Laundry Lease and Transferred Contract against any third party
in accordance with the terms thereof. To the extent that Buyer is provided
all of the benefits (including payment rights) under any such Laundry Lease
(whether from Seller or otherwise), Buyer shall, at no cost to Seller, (i)
perform for the benefit of any third party the obligations of Seller under
such Laundry Lease in connection therewith arising under such Laundry Lease
(to the extent constituting Assumed Liabilities), (ii) indemnify Seller for
any and all claims made against Seller for Buyer\'s acts and/or omissions on
the premises of each such Laundry Lease and Buyer\'s performance of or
failure to perform Seller\'s obligations under each such Laundry Lease and
(iii) name Seller as an additional insured on Buyer\'s insurance policies
that provide coverage for Buyer\'s performance under each such Laundry
Lease.   1.10 SALES AND TRANSFER TAXES. All sales, use, recording,
documentary, transfer, stamp and notarial taxes, fees and duties under
applicable law incurred in connection with the sale and transfer of the
Subject Assets ("TRANSACTION TAXES") will be borne and paid 50% by Seller and
50% by Buyer, and each party shall promptly reimburse the other for 50% of
any Transaction Tax that the other party is required to pay under applicable
law.   1.11 INVENTORY COUNT  Buyer shall conduct a count of all washers
and dryers included in the Equipment Inventory as of the Closing Date (the
"CLOSING INVENTORY COUNT") and shall deliver to Seller a schedule reflecting
such count within fifteen (15) days after the Closing Date. Seller shall be
deemed to accept the Closing Inventory Count unless Seller delivers a notice
of objection to Buyer within ten (10) days following receipt thereof from
Buyer. If Seller provides a notice of objection to Buyer, Seller and Buyer
shall first use commercially reasonable efforts to resolve such dispute. If
the parties are able to resolve such dispute, the Closing Inventory Count
shall be revised to the extent necessary to reflect such resolution and shall
be conclusive and binding upon all parties and shall not be subject to
dispute or review. If the parties are unable to resolve the dispute within
twenty (20) days after delivery of a notice of objection by Seller, either
party may submit the dispute to arbitration in accordance with Section 8.9.
The Closing Inventory Count as determined pursuant to arbitration shall
be conclusive and binding upon all parties and shall not be subject to
dispute or review. If the Closing Inventory Count as finally determined
evidences a breach by Seller of any of the representations contained in the
last two sentences of Section 2.7, then Buyer\'s sole remedy shall be a claim
for indemnification pursuant to Section 7.1 for such breach.  
11   SECTION 2. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER   As a material
inducement to Buyer to enter into this Agreement and consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby, Seller hereby makes to Buyer, the
representations and warranties contained in this Section 2. For purposes
of this Section 2, references to "Seller\'s knowledge," "knowledge of Seller"
or words of similar import shall be deemed to include, to and including the
Closing Date, actual knowledge after due inquiry of William E. Bloomfield
Jr., Timothy Chisum, Adam Coffey, James Hunter, Herbert Reynolds, Greg
Hernandez and Larry Vogler.   2.1 ORGANIZATION AND QUALIFICATIONS OF
SELLER. Seller is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the State of California with full power and
authority to own or lease its properties and to conduct its business in the
manner and in the places where such properties are owned or leased or such
business is conducted by it. The copies of the charter documents and by-laws
of Seller, each as amended to date, and previously delivered to Buyer\'s
counsel, are complete and correct, and no amendments thereto are pending.
Seller is qualified to do business as a foreign entity in each jurisdiction
in which such qualification is necessary, except where the failure to be so
qualified could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect
on the assets, liabilities, business, condition (financial or otherwise),
results of operations or prospects of the Business or the Subject Assets (a
"MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT"). Except for TLP, Seller has no direct or indirect
Subsidiary engaged in or relating to the Business or any investment in any
other corporation or partnership, limited liability company, joint venture,
business trust or other entity that is engaged in or relates to the Business.
TLP is a limited partnership duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the State of Arizona with full power and authority
to own or lease its properties and to conduct its business in the manner and
in the places where such properties are owned or leased or such business is
conducted. The copies of TLP\'s partnership agreement and
other organizational documents and the TLP Put/Option, each as amended to
date and previously delivered to Buyer\'s counsel, including the First
Amendment dated November 1, 2004, are complete and correct, valid and binding
and in full force and effect upon the parties thereto, and no amendments
thereto are pending. TLP is duly qualified to do business as a foreign entity
in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is necessary, except where
the failure to be so qualified could not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect. Seller owns beneficially and of record, free and
clear of any Lien, a 67% general partner interest in TLP, and such partner
interest has been duly and validly issued and is outstanding, fully paid and
non-assessable. SCHEDULE 2.1 attached hereto sets forth a list of all holders
of the partnership interests in TLP. Each holder owns of record and
beneficially the partnership interest described as being held by such holder
in SCHEDULE 2.1. The partnership interests set forth on SCHEDULE 2.1
represent all of the issued and outstanding partnership interests and Other
Equity Interests (as defined below) of TLP. There are no outstanding
subscriptions, commitments, preemptive rights, agreements, arrangements or
commitments of any kind for or relating to the issuance, sale, registration
or voting of any partnership interests of any class or Other Equity Interests
of TLP. TLP does not have outstanding (i) any rights convertible into,
exchangeable or exercisable for, or carrying the right to acquire any
partnership interests or other interests in TLP or (ii) any
options, warrants, subscriptions, rights, calls, agreements, demands or
other arrangements or commitments of any character obligating TLP to issue
any partnership or other equity interests ((i) and (ii) collectively, "OTHER
EQUITY INTERESTS"). TLP has fully paid all amounts payable  
12   pursuant to the TLP Partnership Agreement to the limited partner of
TLP, Corporate Laundry Partners, including the Gross Margin Advance (as
defined in the TLP Partnership Agreement, as defined below) due in January,
2005.   2.2 AUTHORITY OF SELLER. Seller has full right, power and authority
to enter into this Agreement and each agreement, document and instrument to
be executed and delivered by it pursuant to or as contemplated by this
Agreement and to carry out the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.
The execution, delivery and performance by Seller of this Agreement and each
such other agreement, document and instrument have been duly authorized by
all necessary action of Seller, and no other action on the part of Seller
is required in connection therewith. This Agreement and each agreement,
document and instrument to be executed and delivered by Seller pursuant to or
as contemplated by this Agreement constitute, or will when executed and
delivered by Seller constitute, valid and binding obligations of Seller,
enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except as the same may
be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other
laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and subject to the rules of
law governing (and all limitations on) specific performance, injunctive
relief and other equitable remedies. The execution, delivery and performance
by Seller of this Agreement and each such other agreement, document and
instrument:   (a) do not and will not violate any provision of the charter
or by-laws of Seller or the agreement of limited partnership of TLP (the
"TLP PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT") or the TLP Put/Option;   (b) do not and will
not violate any laws of the United States or any state or other jurisdiction
applicable to Seller or TLP or, except for the notification requirements of
the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the
"HSR ACT") and as set forth in SCHEDULE 1.1(a)(i), require Seller or TLP to
obtain any approval, consent or waiver of, or to make any filing with or
notification to, any person or entity (including any Governmental Authority)
that has not been obtained or made;   (c) except for consents required under
the Laundry Leases and the Facility Leases and except as could not reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or a material adverse
effect on the ability of the parties to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, do not and will not result in a breach of,
constitute a default under, accelerate any obligation under, require a
consent under, cause a termination under, or give rise to a right of
termination of any indenture or loan or credit agreement or any other
material agreement, contract, instrument, mortgage, lien, lease, permit,
authorization, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or
arbitration award, whether written or oral, to which Seller or TLP is a
party or by which the Subject Assets or the Business is bound or affected, or
result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on the Business or any of
the Subject Assets; and   (d) does not and will not require Seller to
purchase the limited partner interest of Corporate Laundry Partners under the
TLP Put/Option.   2.3 REAL PROPERTY.   13    (a) Neither Seller nor TLP
owns any real property. Other than the Laundry Leases, all of the real
property leased by Seller or TLP and used or held for use in the Business is
identified in SCHEDULE 2.3 hereto (the "LEASED PREMISES"). All of the leases
to which Seller or TLP is a party for each of the Leased Premises are listed
in SCHEDULE 2.3 and are referred to herein collectively as the "FACILITY
LEASES". Seller or TLP, as applicable, is the holder of the tenant\'s
interests under each of the Facility Leases. Neither Seller nor TLP has
assigned, mortgaged or otherwise encumbered its interests in any Facility
Leases, nor has Seller or TLP sublet any portion of the Leased Premises.
Other than Seller and TLP, no party has the right to occupy, possess or use
any portion of the Real Estate. Except for the Facility Leases, there are no
contracts or agreements that could prevent the leasing or sub-leasing of
any of the Real Estate by Buyer pursuant to the Real Estate Leases. True,
correct and complete copies of all contracts relating to use, ownership or
operation of the Real Estate, including the Facility Leases, have been
previously delivered to Buyer. Certain of the Leased Premises are owned in
fee simple by Baron Real Estate, Inc., an affiliate of Seller, as identified
in SCHEDULE 2.3 hereto (together with the buildings and improvements thereon,
the "OWNED REAL ESTATE" and, together with the Leased Premises, the "REAL
ESTATE").   (b) There are no actions, suits or proceedings
(including arbitration or condemnation proceedings) pending or, to Seller\'s
knowledge, threatened, at law or in equity, or before or by any federal,
state, local, or foreign government, governmental, regulatory or
administrative authority, department, commission, board, bureau, agency or
instrumentality or any court, tribunal, or judicial or arbitral body (a
"GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY"), which could reasonably be expected to have a
material adverse effect on any portion of the Real Estate or the interests of
Seller, TLP or Baron therein, or Seller\'s ability to perform its obligations
under this Agreement and the Real Estate Leases.   (c) The Owned Real
Estate and, to Seller\'s knowledge, the Leased Premises, comply in all
material respects with all applicable zoning, building, environmental,
ecology, health and public safety, subdivision, land sales or similar law,
rule, ordinance or regulations, and Seller has received no written notice of
a violation of any such law, ordinance or regulation. To Seller\'s knowledge,
there are no structural defects at the Real Estate. The Real Estate is
covered by the insurance policies and arrangements set forth in SCHEDULE
2.9 attached hereto, all of which are in full force and effect.   (d) There
are no agreements with any real estate broker, leasing agent or other party
that entitles or will entitle such party to any brokerage commission or
payment or finder\'s fee as a result of the leasing or sub-leasing of any of
the Real Estate to Buyer.   (e) Each Facility Lease is in full force and
effect and constitutes the entire agreement between the applicable lessor and
Seller or TLP, as applicable, with respect to the Leased Premises. Each
Facility Lease is valid, in full force and effect and binding upon Seller or
TLP, as the case may be, and the other parties thereto in accordance with its
respective terms. Neither Seller, TLP nor, to the knowledge of Seller, any
other party is in default under or in arrears in the performance, payment or
satisfaction of any agreement or condition on its part to be performed or
satisfied under any Facility Lease, nor, to the knowledge of Seller, does any
condition exist that with notice or lapse of time or both would constitute
such a default, and no waiver or indulgence has been granted under any
Facility Lease.   14    2.4 TITLE; LIENS; SUFFICIENCY OF ASSETS.   (a)
Seller owns all of the Subject Assets and Seller has and is conveying to
Buyer hereunder good title to all of its personal property, tangible and
intangible, included in the Subject Assets. None of such property or assets
of Seller, tangible or intangible, is subject to any Lien. No financing
statement under the Uniform Commercial Code with respect to any of
the Subject Assets is active in any jurisdiction and Seller has not signed
any such financing statement or any security agreement authorizing any
secured party thereunder to file any such financing statement. Upon delivery
to Buyer of the instruments of transfer referred to in Section 1.5 hereof,
Buyer will receive good and valid title to all of the Subject Assets, free
and clear of all Liens.   (b) The Subject Assets are all of the assets
(other than the Vehicles) used or held for use exclusively in the Business as
the same has been operated prior to the date hereof and the Subject Assets
constitute all of the assets necessary for Buyer to continue to operate the
Business as it has been operated prior to Closing.   2.5 LAUNDRY LEASES.
SCHEDULE 1.1(a)(i) hereto contains a true, correct and complete list of (i)
the location of each Laundry Lease as of November 30, 2004, (ii) the
expiration date of each Laundry Lease, (iii) to Seller\'s knowledge, the
number and type of each Machine (including only laundry machines, washers and
dryers) at each Laundry Lease location as of December 14, 2004, (iv) the vend
prices at each Laundry Lease location, and (v) the commission payments and
net revenues after commission for each Laundry Lease location for each of the
years ended December 31, 2002 and 2003 and the eleven-month period
from January 1, 2004 through November 30, 2004. Neither Seller nor TLP has
changed its collection schedule or collection practices for the Laundry Lease
locations since prior to January 1, 2004 and all collections made from the
Laundry Lease locations through the Closing Date have been made in the
ordinary course of business and consistent with Seller\'s past practice in
the Business. True and correct copies of all the Laundry Leases have been
delivered or made available to Buyer prior to the date hereof. Each of the
Laundry Leases is valid, in full force and effect and binding upon Seller or
TLP, as applicable, and the other parties thereto in accordance with its
respective terms. Except as described in SCHEDULE 2.5, neither Seller, TLP,
nor, to the knowledge of Seller, any other party is in default under or in
arrears in the performance, payment or satisfaction of any agreement or
condition on its part to be performed or satisfied under any Laundry Lease,
nor, to the knowledge of Seller, does any condition exist that with notice or
lapse of time or both would constitute such a default, and no waiver or
indulgence has been granted under any Laundry Lease. Except as described in
SCHEDULE 2.5, Seller has no knowledge of (i) any fact (other than
consummation of this Agreement, as to which no representation is made) which
would result in the termination, amendment, modification or breach of any
Laundry Lease and (ii) any desire or intention of any party to renegotiate,
terminate, amend, modify or materially reduce the services of Seller or TLP
under any Laundry Lease. Except for consents, approvals and notices required
under the Laundry Leases, no consent or approval of or prior notice to any
third party is required in order to assign all of the Laundry Leases to Buyer
or otherwise as a result of the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement. Assuming all of such consents and approvals are obtained,
after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, each
of the Laundry Leases will be valid and effective in accordance with its
terms, and fully enforceable by Buyer against the other party thereto. To
Seller\'s knowledge, SCHEDULE 2.5 sets forth a correct   15   and
complete list of all bonds (performance or other), letters of
credit, guarantees (other than minimum rental payment guarantees under
Laundry Leases) and similar arrangements relating to the Laundry Leases.  
2.6 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS; UNDISCLOSED LIABILITIES.   (a) Attached hereto as
SCHEDULE 2.6(a)(i) are unaudited statements of income of the Business for the
nine-month period ended September 30, 2004 and the year ended December 31,
2003 (collectively, the "INCOME STATEMENTS"). The Income Statements (i)
except as specifically noted therein, have been prepared in accordance with
United States generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") applied
consistently with Seller\'s past practices and (ii) are complete and correct
in all material respects except as specifically noted therein and present
fairly in all material respects the results of operations of the Business as
of such dates and for the periods covered thereby. SCHEDULE 2.6(a)(ii) also
includes certain financial information relating to the Business and such
information is complete and correct in all material respects and presents
fairly in all material respects the information it purports to state at the
dates and for the periods presented in such information.   (b) As of the
date hereof, Seller and TLP have no liabilities of any nature relating to the
Business, whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise, asserted or
unasserted, known or unknown (including without limitation liabilities as
guarantor or otherwise with respect to obligations of others, or contingent
or potential liabilities relating to the conduct of the Business or the
activities of TLP prior to the date hereof, regardless of whether claims in
respect thereof have been asserted), whether or not of a type required to be
shown on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP, except (i)
liabilities reflected in Schedules furnished to Buyer hereunder as of
the date hereof (only to the extent of the amount so disclosed) and (ii)
prorations of expenses made between Seller and Buyer with respect to Laundry
Leases made in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.   2.7
EQUIPMENT. The Route Equipment and the Equipment Inventory constitute all of
the Machines used or held for use by Seller and TLP in the Business. All of
the Route Equipment and Equipment Inventory (i) is in good operating
condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, in each case taking into account
age and (ii) has been maintained in a manner consistent with the
past maintenance practices of Seller. The number of new washers and dryers
included in the Equipment Inventory as of the Closing is at least 1,400 (with
washer and dryer units counted as provided in SCHEDULE 1.4(a)). The number of
used washers and dryers included in the Equipment Inventory as of the Closing
is at least 4,100 (with washer and dryer units counted as provided in
SCHEDULE 1.4(a)).   2.8 TAXES. Each of Seller and TLP has timely filed all
federal, state, local and foreign income, excise and franchise Tax Returns
(as defined below), real estate and personal property Tax Returns, sales and
use Tax Returns and other Tax Returns required to be filed by it and has paid
all Taxes owing by it, except Taxes which have not yet accrued or otherwise
become due. All Taxes and other assessments and levies which Seller or TLP is
required to withhold or collect have been withheld and collected and have
been paid over to the proper governmental authorities except where the
failure to withhold or collect and pay over could not reasonably be expected
to have a material adverse effect on the Subject Assets or the Business or
the condition (financial or   16   otherwise) thereof. To Seller\'s
knowledge, neither Seller, TLP nor the Business is the subject of any audit
or of any proposed deficiencies from any taxing authority. At all times since
its formation, TLP has been treated as a partnership for federal income tax
purposes. As used herein, "Taxes" shall mean all federal, state, local,
foreign, and other taxes, including but not limited to those on or measured
by or referred to as income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem,
franchise, profits, license, withholding, payroll, employment, excise,
severance, stamp, occupation, premium, value-added, real or
personal property, transfer, registration, environmental (including taxes
under Section 59A of the Code), taxes imposed under Code Section 1374, social
security (or similar), unemployment, disability, estimated, alternative
minimum or add-on minimum, capital stock, windfall profits taxes, customs,
duties or similar fees, assessments or charges of any kind whatsoever,
whether computed on a separate or consolidated, unitary or combined basis or
in any other manner, whether or not measured in whole or in part by net
income, and all deficiencies, or other additions to tax, interest, fines and
penalties owed, whether disputed or not, and including any obligation to
indemnify or otherwise assume or succeed to the Tax liability of any other
person or entity. As used herein, "Tax Return" shall mean any return
(including any information statement), report, statement, schedule, notice,
form or other document or information filed with or submitted to, or required
to be filed with or submitted to, a governmental body in connection with the
determination, assessment, collection or payment of any Tax. Neither Seller
nor TLP is a party to any agreement, contract, arrangement or plan that has
resulted or could result, separately or in the aggregate, in the payment of
any "excess parachute payment" within the meaning of Section 280G of the
Code, whether as a result of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or otherwise.   2.9 INSURANCE. The Business and the Subject
Assets are insured to the extent disclosed in SCHEDULE 2.9 attached hereto
and all insurance policies and arrangements of Seller and TLP relating to the
Subject Assets and/or the Business are disclosed in SCHEDULE 2.9 attached
hereto. Said insurance policies and arrangements are in full force and
effect, all premiums with respect thereto are currently paid, and each of
Seller and TLP is in compliance in all material respects with the terms of
such policies. Except as disclosed in SCHEDULE 2.9, there is no claim by
Seller or TLP relating to the Subject Assets or the Business pending under
any such policies as to which coverage has been questioned, denied or
disputed by the insurer.   2.10 ABSENCE OF CERTAIN CHANGES. Since September
30, 2004, each of Seller and TLP has conducted the Business only in the
ordinary course and consistently with past practices, and except as disclosed
in SCHEDULE 2.10 attached hereto there has not been:   (a) Any change in
the Subject Assets, the Business or the condition (financial or otherwise)
thereof, which change by itself or in conjunction with all other such
changes, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, has been
materially adverse;   (b) Any contingent liability incurred by Seller or TLP
relating to the Business as guarantor or otherwise with respect to the
obligations of others or any cancellation of any material debt or claim owing
to, or waiver of any material right of, Seller or TLP;   (c) Any Lien
placed on any of the Subject Assets or the assets of TLP which remains in
existence on the date hereof;   17    (d) Any obligation or liability of
any nature, whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise, asserted or
unasserted, known or unknown, incurred by Seller or TLP relating to the
Business, other than obligations and liabilities incurred in the ordinary
course of business;   (e) Any purchase, sale or other disposition, or any
agreement or other arrangement for the purchase, sale or other disposition,
of any of the properties or assets of Seller or TLP relating to the Business
other than in the ordinary course of business;   (f) Any damage,
destruction or loss, whether or not covered by insurance, materially and
adversely affecting any material asset included in the Subject Assets or the
Business;   (g) Any labor dispute or claim of unfair labor
practices involving any employees of Seller or TLP rendering services
principally to the Business;   (h) any change in the compensation or
benefits (in the form of salaries, wages, incentive arrangements, loans,
severance or termination pay or otherwise) payable or to become payable by
Seller or TLP to any of its officers, employees, agents or independent
contractors rendering services principally to the Business, or any bonus
payment or arrangement made to or with any of such officers, employees,
agents or independent contractors, except in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practices;   (i) any employment, deferred compensation
or other similar agreement (or any amendment to any such existing agreement)
entered into with any officer, director or employee of Seller rendering
services principally to the Business, except in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practices;   (j) Any change, or, to Seller\'s
knowledge, any prospective change, with respect to the officers or management
of Seller or TLP rendering services principally to the Business;   (k) Any
change in the manner of keeping books, accounts or records, accounting
methods or practices, standard costs, credit practices, general route
collection practices or schedules or pricing policies used by Seller or TLP
with respect to the Business;   (l) Any transaction relating to the Business
other than transactions in the ordinary course of business;   (m) Any sale
by Seller or TLP of any laundry equipment, laundry lease or capital asset
which is used or held for use principally in the Business for consideration
of more than $75,000;   (n) Any change in Seller\'s or TLP\'s business
organization or business relationships with suppliers, customers and others
having business relations with Seller or TLP relating to the Business;  
18    (o) Any change in the kind and amount of insurance maintained
by Seller or TLP relating to the Business; or   (p) Any agreement or
understanding whether in writing or otherwise, that would result in any of
the transactions or events, or require Seller or TLP to take any of the
actions, specified in paragraphs (a) through (o) above.   2.11 INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY.   (a) For purposes of this Agreement, "SELLER
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY" means all know-how, trade secrets, inventions,
confidential or proprietary information, research in progress, designs,
prototypes, customer lists, technical information, data, technology, plans,
drawings and blue prints owned or used or held for use by Seller o or TLP
exclusively in the Business or otherwise necessary to conduct the Business as
currently conducted and as proposed to be conducted. It is expressly agreed
that Seller Intellectual Property under this Agreement does not include any
of the foregoing items that Seller uses in connection with its laundry room
business as a whole, rather than solely in connection with the Business in
the Territory.   (b) Each of Seller and TLP exclusively owns or possesses
adequate and enforceable rights to use, license, distribute, transfer and
bring infringement actions with respect to, in each case without any
obligation or payment to a third party, all of the Seller Intellectual
Property, free and clear of all Liens.   (c) There are no pending, or, to
Seller\'s knowledge, threatened claims against Seller, TLP or any of their
respective employees alleging that (i) any of the Seller Intellectual
Property or the Business infringes or conflicts with the rights of any other
party under any patent, trademark, service mark, copyright, trade secret,
confidential information or other intellectual property ("THIRD PARTY
RIGHTS") or (ii) Seller or TLP or any of their respective employees has
misappropriated any Third Party Rights.   (d) Neither the Business nor any
of the Seller Intellectual Property, infringes or conflicts with any Third
Party Rights and neither Seller, TLP nor any of their respective employees
has misappropriated any Third Party Rights. Neither Seller nor TLP has
received any communications alleging that any of Seller Intellectual Property
is invalid or unenforceable. Except as set forth in SCHEDULE 2.11, to
Seller\'s knowledge, no third party has violated or infringed on or is
violating or infringing on any of the Seller Intellectual Property. Except as
set forth in SCHEDULE 2.11, neither Seller nor TLP has any licenses or other
agreements under which it is granted rights by others in any Seller
Intellectual Property.   (e) No current or former employee or consultant of
Seller or TLP owns or, to the knowledge of Seller, has claimed any rights in
or to, any of the Seller Intellectual Property and no employee of Seller or
TLP has entered into any agreement that restricts or limits in any way the
scope or type of work in which the employee may be engaged or requires the
employee to transfer, assign, or disclose information concerning his work to
anyone other than Seller or TLP, as the case may be.   (f) Neither Seller
nor TLP (i) except as set forth on SCHEDULE 2.11, has directly or indirectly
licensed or granted to anyone rights of any nature with respect to any of
the   19   Seller Intellectual Property; and (ii) is obligated to or pays
royalties or other fees to anyone with respect to the ownership, use, license
or transfer of any of the Seller Intellectual Property.   2.12 CONTRACTS.
Other than the Laundry Leases, SCHEDULE 2.12 hereto lists all of the
following executory contracts, commitments, plans, agreements and licenses to
which Seller or TLP is a party or to which it is subject which relate
principally to the Business and/or the Subject Assets (complete and correct
copies (written descriptions in the case of any oral agreements) of which
have been delivered to Buyer), (collectively, "MATERIAL CONTRACTS"):   (a)
any employment contract or any plan or contract providing for bonuses,
pensions, options, stock purchases, deferred compensation,
retirement payments, profit sharing, collective bargaining or the like, or
any contract or agreement with any labor union   (b) any contract or
agreement for the purchase of any asset, material or equipment for $25,000 or
more which is used principally in the Business;   (c) any other contracts
or agreements creating any obligation of Seller or TLP of $25,000 or more
with respect to any such contract;   (d) any contract or agreement providing
for the purchase of all or substantially all of its requirements of a
particular product from a supplier;   (e) any contract or agreement which
by its terms does not terminate or is not terminable without penalty by
Seller or TLP (or any successor or assign) on six (6) months notice;   (f)
any contract or agreement not made in the ordinary course of business;  
(g) any contract with any dealer, sales representative, sales agent or
distributor of the Business;   (h) any contract or agreement containing
covenants limiting the freedom of Seller or TLP to compete in any line of
business or with any person or entity;   (i) any contract or agreement for
the purchase of any fixed asset, whether or not such purchase is in the
ordinary course of business;   (j) any license agreement (as licensor or
licensee) other than software license agreements used by Seller for its
entire laundry room business, which are not being transferred or licensed
under this Agreement;   (k) any indenture, mortgage, promissory note, loan
agreement, guaranty or other agreement or commitment for the borrowing of
money and any related security agreement;   (l) any bond (bid, performance
or other), letter of credit, agreement of guarantee, surety or
indemnification (other than in favor of Seller), or any commitment to issue
any such bond, letter of credit, agreement of guarantee, surety or
indemnification;   20    (m) any contract or agreement with any current
or former officer, employee, consultant, director or stockholder of Seller or
TLP or with any persons or organizations controlled by or affiliated with any
of them;   (n) any partnership, joint venture, or other similar
contract, arrangement or agreement; or   (o) other than Laundry Leases, any
programs, agreements or arrangements with respect to prepaid rent, guaranteed
commissions, laundry facility renovations and other similar arrangements.  
Each Material Contract is valid and is in full force and effect
and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Seller or TLP,
as applicable, and, to the knowledge of Seller, the other parties
thereto, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as the same may be
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws
affecting the rights of creditors generally and subject to the rules of law
governing (and all limitations on) specific performance, injunctive relief
and other equitable remedies. Neither Seller, TLP, nor, to the knowledge of
Seller and except as disclosed in SCHEDULE 2.12 attached hereto, any other
party to any Material Contract, is in default under, or in violation of, any
provisions thereof, and no condition or event or facts exists which, with
notice, lapse of time or both would constitute a default thereof on the part
of Seller or TLP or, to the knowledge of Seller, on the part of any other
party thereto in any such case that could reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.   2.13 LITIGATION. Except as set forth in SCHEDULE
2.13 attached hereto, there is no litigation, claim or governmental or
administrative proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of
Seller, threatened against Seller or TLP or any of their affiliates relating
to or affecting any of the Subject Assets or the Business, or which would
prevent or hinder the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. With respect to each matter set forth therein, SCHEDULE 2.13
attached hereto sets forth a description of the forums for the matter, the
parties thereto and the type and amount of relief sought.   2.14 COMPLIANCE
WITH LAWS. Each of the Business, Seller\'s operation thereof and TLP is
currently in compliance in all material respects and, to Seller\'s knowledge,
has in the past complied in all material respects with all applicable
statutes, ordinances, orders, rules and regulations promulgated by any
Governmental Authority. Except as disclosed in SCHEDULE 2.14 attached hereto,
to Seller\'s knowledge, neither Seller nor TLP has received with respect to
the Business any notice of a violation or alleged violation of any
such statute, ordinance, order, rule or regulation that has not been fully
and finally resolved without the need or expectation of any further action or
any further liability.   2.15 FINDER\'S FEES. Neither Seller nor TLP has
incurred or become liable for any broker\'s commission or finder\'s fee
relating to or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   2.16 PERMITS; BURDENSOME AGREEMENTS. SCHEDULE 2.16 attached
hereto lists all material permits, registrations, licenses, franchises,
certifications and other approvals   21   (collectively, the
"APPROVALS") obtained by each of Seller and TLP from any third party with
respect to the Business. Each Approval is validly held by Seller or TLP, as
applicable, is in full force and effect, and Seller or TLP is operating in
compliance therewith, except for such noncompliance which could
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Approvals
include, but are not limited to, those required in order for Seller and TLP
to conduct the Business under federal, state or local statutes, ordinances,
orders, requirements, rules, regulations, or laws pertaining to
environmental protection, public health and safety, worker health and safety,
buildings, highways or zoning. None of the Approvals is subject to
termination as a result of the execution of this Agreement by Seller or the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, and, to the knowledge
of Seller, except for general business licenses, Buyer will not be required
to obtain any further Approvals to continue to conduct the Business after the
Closing. Neither Seller nor TLP is subject to or bound by any agreement,
judgment, decree or order which could reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.   2.17 RELATED PARTIES. Except as set forth in
SCHEDULE 2.17, (a) since January 1, 2001, with respect to the Business, there
have been no transactions between Seller, TLP and any Related Party (as
defined below) or any payment (however characterized) by Seller or TLP to any
Related Party or by any Related Party to Seller or TLP, (b) there is no
Laundry Lease, Facility Lease, Material Contract or other lease, agreement or
commitment between Seller or TLP and any Related Party with respect to the
Business and (c) no Related Party has any interest in any of the Subject
Assets. For purposes of this Agreement, a Related Party shall mean (A) an
individual who is an officer, director or stockholder of Seller or TLP (or
one of is partners), (B) any member of the family of, or any individual who
has the same home as, any individual (or the spouse of any such individual)
described in clause (A) above, (C) any trust, estate or partnership of which
an individual described in clause (A) or (B) above is a grantor, fiduciary,
beneficiary or partner or (D) any person or entity (or any subsidiary of such
person or entity) of which one or more persons or entities described
in clause (A), (B) or (C) above have either (x) aggregate record or
beneficial ownership (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended) of at least 10% of the outstanding equity securities
or at least 10% of the outstanding voting securities or (y) the power to
direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such person
or entity, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or
otherwise.   2.18 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PROGRAMS.   (a) SCHEDULE 2.18 attached
hereto sets forth a description of every Employee Program (as defined below)
that has been maintained (as such term is further defined below) by Seller or
TLP and provided to any employees rendering services principally to the
Business at any time during the three (3) years prior to the date hereof.  
(b) Each Employee Program listed on SCHEDULE 2.18 hereto that has been
intended to qualify under Section 401(a) or 501(c)(9) of the Code
has received a favorable determination or approval letter from the Internal
Revenue Service (the "IRS") regarding its qualification under such section
and has, in fact, been qualified under the applicable section of the Code
from the effective date of such Employee Program through and including the
Closing Date (or, if earlier, the date that all of such Employee Program\'s
assets were distributed).   22   Neither Seller nor TLP maintains an
Employee Program intended to qualify under Section 501(c)(9) of the Code and
any such Employee Program previously maintained by Seller or TLP has been
properly terminated in accordance with ERISA and the Code.   (c) There has
not been any failure of any party to comply with any laws applicable with
respect to any Employee Program that has been maintained by Seller or TLP.
With respect to any Employee Programs now or heretofore maintained by Seller
or TLP, there has occurred no (i) "prohibited transaction" as defined in
Section 406 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended ("ERISA") or Code Section 4975, other than as disclosed in the
audited financial statements of such Employee Program or (ii) breach of any
duty under ERISA or other applicable law which, in the case of either of (i)
or (ii), could result directly or indirectly in any taxes, penalties or other
liability to Buyer, Seller, TLP or any affiliate (as defined below). No
litigation, arbitration, or governmental administrative proceeding (or
investigation) or other proceeding (other than those relating to
routine claims for benefits) is pending or, to the knowledge of Seller,
threatened with respect to any such Employee Program. All payments and/or
contributions required to have been made with respect to all Employee
Programs either have been made or have been accrued.   (d) Except as set
forth in SCHEDULE 2.18 attached hereto, neither Seller, TLP nor any of their
respective affiliates has ever (i) provided health care or any other non-
pension benefits to any employees after their employment was terminated
(other than as required by Part 6 of Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA) or has
ever promised to provide such post-termination benefits or (ii) maintained an
Employee Program that is subject to Title IV of ERISA, Section 401(a) or
Section 412 of the Code, including, without limitation, any Multiemployer
Plan.   (e) No Employee Program that has been maintained by Seller or
TLP will obligate Buyer to assume or perform any obligation thereunder as a
result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any agreement or
document executed pursuant hereto.   (f) For purposes of this Section
2.18:   (i) "EMPLOYEE PROGRAM" means (A) all employee benefit  plans within
the meaning of ERISA Section 3(3), including, but not limited  to, multiple
employer welfare arrangements (within the meaning of ERISA  Section 3(40)),
plans to which more than one unaffiliated employer  contributes and employee
benefit plans (such as foreign or excess benefit  plans) which are not
subject to ERISA; and (B) all stock option plans,  bonus or incentive award
plans, employment or change in control agreements,  severance pay policies or
agreements, deferred compensation agreements,  supplemental income
arrangements, vacation plans, and all other employee  benefit plans,
agreements, and arrangements not described in (A) above. In  the case of an
Employee Program funded through an organization described in  Code Section
501(c)(9), each reference to such Employee Program shall  include a reference
to such organization;   (ii) An entity "MAINTAINS" an Employee Program if
such  entity sponsors, contributes to, or provides (or has promised to
provide)  benefits under such Employee Program, or has any obligation (by
agreement  or under applicable law) to contribute to or provide benefits
under such  Employee Program, or if such Employee   23    Program
provides benefits to or otherwise covers employees of such entity  (or their
spouses, dependents, or beneficiaries);   (iii) An entity is an "AFFILIATE"
of Seller or TLP for  purposes of this Section 2.18 if it would have ever
been considered a  single employer with Seller or TLP, as the case may be,
under ERISA Section  4001(b) or part of the same "controlled group" as Seller
for purposes of  ERISA Section 302(d)(8)(C); and   (iv) "MULTIEMPLOYER
PLAN" means a (pension or  non-pension) employee benefit plan to which more
than one employer  contributes and which is maintained pursuant to one or
more collective  bargaining agreements.   2.19 ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS.  
(a) Except as set forth in SCHEDULE 2.19 attached hereto, (i) neither Seller
nor TLP has generated, transported, used, stored, treated, disposed of, or
managed any Hazardous Waste (as defined below); (ii) no Hazardous Material
(as defined below) has ever been or is threatened to be spilled, released, or
disposed of at any of the Owned Real Estate or, to Seller\'s knowledge, at
any of the Leased Premises or, any other site presently or formerly owned,
operated, leased, or used by Seller or TLP in the Business, or has ever come
to be located in the soil or groundwater at any such site; (iii) to Seller\'s
knowledge, no Hazardous Material has ever been transported from any of the
Real Estate or from any other site presently or formerly owned, operated,
leased, or used by Seller or TLP in the Business for treatment, storage, or
disposal at any other place; (iv) no underground storage tanks are located on
any of the Owned Real Estate or, to Seller\'s knowledge, on any of the Leased
Premises, and, neither Seller nor TLP presently owns, operates, leases, or
uses, nor has Seller or TLP previously owned, operated, leased, or used
any other site in the Business on which underground storage tanks are or
were located; and (v) no Lien has ever been imposed by any governmental
agency on any of the Real Estate or on any other property, facility,
machinery, or equipment owned, operated, leased, or used by Seller or TLP in
connection with the presence of any Hazardous Material.   (b) Except as set
forth in SCHEDULE 2.19 attached hereto, (i) neither Seller nor TLP has any
liability under, nor has Seller or TLP ever violated in any material respect,
any Environmental Law (as defined below); (ii) each of Seller and TLP, the
Owned Real Estate and, to Seller\'s knowledge, the Leased Premises and any
other property operated, leased, or used by Seller or TLP in the Business,
and any facilities and operations thereon are presently in compliance in all
material respects with all applicable Environmental Laws; (iii) neither
Seller nor TLP has ever entered into or been subject to any judgment, consent
decree, compliance order, or administrative order with respect to any
environmental or health and safety matter or received any request
for information, notice, demand letter, administrative inquiry, or formal
or informal complaint or claim with respect to any environmental or health
and safety matter or the enforcement of any Environmental Law; and (iv)
Seller has no knowledge that any of the items enumerated in clause (iii) of
this paragraph will be forthcoming.   (c) Except as set forth in SCHEDULE
2.19 attached hereto, to Seller\'s knowledge, neither the Real Estate nor
(excluding the Laundry Lease locations) any other site owned, operated,
leased, or used by Seller or TLP in the Business contains any asbestos or  
24   asbestos-containing material, any polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) or
equipment containing PCBs, any toxic mold, mildew or fungi, or any urea
formaldehyde foam insulation.   (d) Seller has provided to the Buyer copies
of all documents, records, and information available to Seller or TLP
concerning any environmental or health and safety matter relevant to the
Business, whether generated by Seller, TLP or others, including, without
limitation, environmental audits, environmental risk assessments, site
assessments, documentation regarding off-site disposal of Hazardous
Materials, spill control plans, and reports, correspondence, permits,
licenses, approvals, consents, and other authorizations related to
environmental or health and safety matters issued by any
governmental agency.   (e) For purposes of this Section 2.19, (i)
"HAZARDOUS MATERIAL" shall mean and include any hazardous waste, hazardous
material, hazardous substance, petroleum product, oil, toxic substance,
pollutant, or contaminant, as defined or regulated under any Environmental
Law; (ii) "HAZARDOUS WASTE" shall mean and include any hazardous waste as
defined or regulated under any Environmental Law; (iii) "ENVIRONMENTAL LAW"
shall mean any environmental or health and safety-related law, regulation,
rule, ordinance, or by-law at the foreign, federal, state, or local level,
whether existing as of the date hereof, previously enforced, or subsequently
enacted; and (iv) "SELLER" shall mean and include Seller, its predecessors
and all other entities for whose conduct Seller is or may be held responsible
under any Environmental Law.   2.20 LABOR AND EMPLOYMENT MATTERS   (a)
SCHEDULE 2.20(a) attached hereto sets forth a true and complete list of all
employees of Seller and TLP as of the date hereof that perform services
primarily for the Business ("BUSINESS EMPLOYEES"), indicating each Business
Employee\'s full- or part-time status, position, annual base salary or hourly
rate and bonus potential, whether classified as exempt or non-exempt for wage
and hour purposes, date of hire, business location, status (i.e., active or
inactive and if inactive, the type of leave and estimated duration) and the
total amount of bonus, severance and other amounts to be paid to
such Business Employee at the Closing or otherwise in connection with
the transactions contemplated hereby. SCHEDULE 2.20(a) contains a complete
and accurate list of all of the independent contractors, consultants,
temporary employees, leased employees or other servants or agents employed or
used primarily with respect to the operation of the Business and classified
by the Seller or TLP as other than Business Employees or compensated other
than through wages paid by Seller or TLP through its payroll department and
reported on a form W-4 ("CONTINGENT WORKERS"), showing for each Contingent
Worker such individual\'s role in the business, fee or compensation
arrangements and other contractual terms with Seller or TLP. All Business
Employees are employed at-will. Neither Seller not TLP is delinquent in
payments to any of such Business Employees or Contingent Workers for any
wages, salaries, commissions, bonuses or other direct compensation for any
services performed for it to the date hereof or amounts required to be
reimbursed to such Business Employees and Contingent Workers. Except as set
forth in SCHEDULE 2.20(a) attached hereto, upon termination of the employment
of any Business Employee, Seller will not by reason of the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or otherwise be liable to any
Business Employee for so called "severance pay" or any other payments. Except
as set forth in SCHEDULE 2.20(a) attached hereto, neither Seller nor TLP has,
or within the last three (3) years has had, any   25   policy, practice,
plan or program of paying severance pay or any form of severance compensation
in connection with the termination of employment of any Business Employee or
Contingent Worker. Each of Seller and TLP is in compliance and, to Seller\'s
knowledge, each of Seller and TLP has in the past complied, in all material
respects with all applicable laws and regulations respecting
labor, employment, fair employment practices, terms and conditions of
employment, and wages and hours. Except as set forth in SCHEDULE 2.20(a)
attached hereto, neither Seller nor TLP has received notice of any
investigation by any governmental agency concerning Seller\'s or TLP\'s
compliance with any employment-related laws or regulations including, without
limitation, laws or regulations regarding the payment of wages, payment of
overtime pay, payment of minimum wages or workplace safety and health. There
are no charges and, to the knowledge of Seller, there are no facts or
circumstances that could give rise to charges with respect to the Business
Employees, the Contingent Workers or the Business, of employment
discrimination, wrongful termination, sexual harassment (including the
creation of a hostile work environment), breaches of express or implied
employment arrangements, or unfair labor practices, nor are there
any strikes, slowdowns, stoppages of work, or any other concerted
interference with normal operations existing, pending, or to the knowledge of
Seller, threatened against or involving the Business Employees, the
Contingent Workers or the Business. There are no grievances, complaints or
charges that have been filed against Seller under any dispute resolution
procedure (including, but not limited to, any proceedings under any dispute
resolution procedure under any collective bargaining agreement) with respect
to the Business Employees, the Contingent Workers or the Business, and no
claim therefore has been asserted. Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 2.20(a),
no collective bargaining agreements relating to any Business Employee are in
effect or are currently being or are about to be negotiated by Seller or TLP
and, to Seller\'s knowledge, no union claims or demands to represent any
Business Employee or Contingent Worker. Each of Seller and TLP is, and, to
Seller\'s knowledge, each of Seller and TLP at all times since November 6,
1986 has been, in compliance with the requirements of the Immigration Reform
Control Act of 1986. Neither Seller nor TLP is subject to any affirmative
action obligations under any law, including without limitation, Executive
Order 11246; provided that no representation is made regarding
any affirmative action obligations, if any, that are included in any Laundry
Leases. To the extent that any Contingent Workers are employed, each of
Seller and TLP has properly classified and treated them in accordance with
applicable laws and for purposes of all employee benefit plans and
perquisites.   (b) Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 2.20(b) attached
hereto, neither Seller nor TLP has experienced a "plant closing," "business
closing," or "mass layoff" as defined in the WARN Act or any similar state,
local or foreign law or regulation affecting any site of employment of Seller
or TLP or one or more facilities or operating units within any site of
employment or facility of Seller or TLP, and, during the 90-day period
preceding the date hereof, no Business Employee has suffered an "employment
loss," with respect to Seller or TLP as defined in the WARN Act. SCHEDULE
2.20(b) sets forth for each current or former employee of Seller or TLP who
has suffered such an "employment loss" during the 90-day period preceding the
date hereof (i) the name of such employee (ii) the date of hire of such
employee, (iii) such employee\'s regularly scheduled hours over the six month
period prior to such "employment loss", and (iv) such employee\'s last job
title(s), location, assignment(s) and department(s).   2.21 CUSTOMERS.
SCHEDULE 2.21 attached hereto sets forth a true and complete list of all
customer accounts that accounted for $10,000 or more of the revenues of the
Business for the   26   eleven (11) months ended November 30, 2004,
showing with respect to each, the location number and dollar value involved
(collectively, the "CUSTOMERS"). The relationship of Seller and TLP with the
Customers are good commercial working relationships. Except as set forth on
SCHEDULE 2.21, to Seller\'s knowledge, no Customer has canceled or otherwise
terminated its relationship with Seller or TLP, or has during the last twelve
(12) months decreased materially its usage of the services of Seller or TLP
nor, to the knowledge of Seller, does any Customer have any plan or intention
to do any of the foregoing.  SECTION 3. COVENANTS OF SELLER   3.1 SELLER
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. After the Closing Date, neither Seller, nor any
affiliate of Seller will for any reason, directly or indirectly, for itself
or any other entity or person, use or disclose any trade
secrets, confidential information, know-how, proprietary information or other
Seller Intellectual Property transferred pursuant to this Agreement;
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that this Section 3.2 shall not apply to information (i)
which is, or at any time becomes, available in the public domain (other than
as a result of disclosure by Seller or any affiliate of Seller), (ii) which
is required to be disclosed by law or court or administrative order (provided
that Buyer is given written notice of such required disclosure and a
reasonable opportunity to take steps to maintain the confidentiality
thereof), or (iii) which Buyer authorizes in writing may be disclosed.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the obligations of Seller
under this Section 3.1 shall be binding upon Seller\'s successors and
assigns.   3.2 NOTICE OF BREACH. Promptly upon the occurrence of, or
promptly upon Seller becoming aware of the impending or threatened occurrence
of, any event which would cause or constitute a breach, or would have caused
or constituted a breach had such event occurred or been known prior to the
date hereof, of any of the representations, warranties or covenants of Seller
contained in this Agreement, Seller shall give detailed written notice
thereof to Buyer, and Seller shall use its best efforts to prevent or
promptly remedy the same.   3.3 GENERAL COOPERATION. Seller shall, at the
request of Buyer, do, execute, acknowledge and deliver or cause to be done,
executed, acknowledged and delivered all and every further act, deed,
conveyance, transfer and assurance as Buyer may reasonably request in order
to evidence and otherwise facilitate the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and the agreements and instruments
contemplated hereby.   3.4 EMPLOYEES.   (a) Effective as of 11:59 p.m. on
January 9, 2005 (the "TERMINATION DATE"), Seller shall terminate the
employment of each Business Employee. Buyer shall offer employment to each
such terminated Business Employee as of the Closing Date as Buyer may
determine. The Business Employees that accept Buyer\'s offer of employment
are referred to as "NEW EMPLOYEES." Buyer specifically reserves to itself the
right to employ such of the Business Employees as it may determine in its
sole and absolute discretion. New Employees shall be considered to be
employed "at will" and nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as a
commitment or obligation of Buyer to offer employment to, accept for
employment, or otherwise continue the employment of, any of the Business
Employees. For a period of two years from the Closing Date, except with the
prior written consent of Buyer, Seller will not, and will cause its  
27   affiliates not to, solicit, offer to employ or otherwise interfere
with the relationship of Buyer with any New Employee or any other employee of
Buyer rendering service for Buyer in connection with the Business; provided
that this covenant shall not restrict Seller or any of its affiliates from
soliciting, offering employment, or hiring any person who becomes a New
Employee on the Closing Date but is thereafter terminated by Buyer for any
reason, or who thereafter terminates his or her own employment with Buyer for
any reason, in each case at least ninety (90) days prior to the date that
Seller or any of its affiliates solicits or offers employment to such
person.   (b) Seller shall pay and be liable for all wages,
salaries, commissions, severance payments, vacation, sick time and personal
time accrued but not taken as of the Termination Date, other compensation and
payroll items and the cost of all fringe benefits provided to Business
Employees which shall have become due for work performed as of and through
the Termination Date, and Seller shall collect and pay all Taxes in respect
thereof. Through and including January 31, 2005; Seller will continue to
provide medical and dental insurance coverage for all New Employees.   (c)
Seller acknowledges and agrees that Buyer is not assuming and shall not have
any obligations or liabilities under any benefit plan or arrangement
maintained by, or for the benefit of employees of, Seller, including without
limitation obligations for severance or sick days, personal days or vacation
accrued but not taken as of the Termination Date.   (d) Seller will pay and
be liable for any obligations or liabilities that may arise from the actual
or constructive termination as of or after the Closing Date of the employment
of any Business Employee, including, without limitation, in connection with
the "employment loss" of any Business Employees under the Worker Adjustment
and Retraining Notification Act 29 U.S.C. Sections 2101-2109 and the related
regulations (the "WARN ACT") and any similar state law. Seller shall provide
all statutory notices relating to the termination of the employment of any
Business Employees, including, without limitation, those required under the
WARN Act.   (e) Seller will make severance and bonus payments to
Business Employees in accordance with the terms of the Bonus Plan (as defined
in Section 3.8) described on SCHEDULE 3.4 hereto and Seller will not
otherwise make any severance, bonus or similar payments to any Business
Employees.   (f) Buyer acknowledges that it will not be a successor
employer of Seller\'s employees; therefore, Buyer will not be responsible for
payroll reporting obligations for Seller\'s employees as it relates to their
employment with Seller.   (g) No provision of this Section 3.4 is intended
to confer any rights, benefits, remedies, obligations or liabilities
hereunder upon any person other than the parties hereto and their respective
successors and assigns.   (h) Seller shall be responsible for providing any
Business Employee or former Business Employee, other than any New Employee,
whose "qualifying event," within the meaning of Section 4980B(f) of the Code,
occurs prior to the Closing Date (and such Business Employee\'s or former
Business Employee\'s "qualified beneficiaries" within the meaning of Section
4980B(f)) with continuation of group health coverage required by Section
4980B(f)   28   under the terms of the applicable group health plan
maintained by Seller and to the extent required by law.   3.5 ACCESS TO
INFORMATION. Seller acknowledges that Buyer\'s parent, Mac-Gray Corporation,
is and may in the future be required to make certain filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission regarding the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, including without limitation a Current Report on Form 8-K
(collectively, "SEC Filings"). Seller shall provide to Buyer and
its accountants, at no cost to Buyer, copies of such financial, business and
other records, information and documents related to the Business, Seller\'s
operation thereof and TLP (including work papers of Seller\'s independent
auditors) that is reasonably available to Seller as Buyer may request in
order to timely prepare and file any SEC Filing. In addition, Seller shall
provide access to Buyer and its accountants to (and permit copies to be made
of) all financial, business and other records, information and documents of
Seller and the Business that Buyer may deem necessary to timely prepare any
SEC Filings.   3.6 2004 INCOME STATEMENTS. Seller will deliver to Buyer as
promptly as practicable and in event no later than February 14, 2005,
unaudited statements of income of the Business for the three- and twelve-
month periods ended December 31, 2004 (the "2004 INCOME STATEMENTS"). The
2004 Income Statements will (i) except as specifically noted in the 2004
Income Statements, be prepared in accordance with GAAP applied consistently
with Seller\'s past practices and (ii) be complete and correct in all
material respects and present fairly in all material respects the results of
operations of the Business for the periods covered thereby.   3.7 UPDATED
SCHEDULES. Seller will deliver to Buyer by January 31, 2005 revised SCHEDULES
1.1(a)(i) (including Mastercard names and numbers), 1.1(a)(v) and
1.1(b)(VIII) all updated as of the Closing Date..   3.8 BONUS PLAN. Seller
(a) will adopt a cash bonus plan for the benefit of the Business Employees,
including the New Employees (the "BONUS PLAN"), which will be in effect as of
the Closing Date, (b) will not, after the Closing, take any action that would
accelerate or increase any payment under the Bonus Plan to any New Employee
or otherwise make or cause to be made, directly or indirectly, any severance,
bonus or similar payment to any New Employee other than in accordance with
the terms of the Bonus Plan, and (c) will comply with the terms of the Bonus
Plan, including the payment of bonuses to New Employees in the amounts and at
the times set forth in the Bonus Plan.   3.9 PUT RIGHT. Seller acknowledges
and agrees that it intends to transfer to Buyer all of its rights under the
TLP Partnership Agreement and the TLP Put/Option. Notwithstanding the
foregoing sentence, if Seller is not able or entitled to transfer all of its
rights under the TLP/Put Option, at Buyer\'s written request, Seller shall as
expeditiously as possible, and in no event later than three (3) business days
following receipt of Buyer\'s written request, exercise its right to purchase
the limited partner interest of TLP under the terms and conditions of the TLP
Partnership Agreement and the TLP Put/Option. On the same date Buyer shall
purchase from Seller and Seller shall sell to Buyer such limited partner
interest free and clear of all Liens for a purchase price of one million
dollars ($1,000,000) to be paid in immediately available funds on the same
date.   29   SECTION 4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER.   4.1
MAKING OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Buyer hereby represents and
warrants to Seller as follows:   4.2 ORGANIZATION. Buyer is a corporation
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
State of Delaware with full corporate power and authority to own or lease its
properties and to conduct its business in the manner and in the places where
such properties are owned or leased or such business is conducted.   4.3
AUTHORITY. Buyer has full right, power and authority to enter into this
Agreement and each agreement, document and instrument to be executed
and delivered by it pursuant to or as contemplated by this Agreement and to
carry out the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution,
delivery and performance by Buyer of this Agreement and each such other
agreement, document and instrument have been duly authorized by all necessary
action of Buyer, and no other action on the part of Buyer is required in
connection therewith. This Agreement and each agreement, document and
instrument to be executed and delivered by Buyer pursuant to or as
contemplated by this Agreement constitute, or will when executed and
delivered by Buyer constitute, valid and binding obligations of Buyer,
enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except as the same may
be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other
laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and subject to the rules of
law governing (and all limitations on) specific performance, injunctive
relief and other equitable remedies. The execution, delivery and performance
by Buyer of this Agreement and each such other agreement, document and
instrument:   (a) do not and will not violate any provision of the charter
or by-laws of Buyer;   (b) do not and will not violate any laws of the
United States or any state or other jurisdiction applicable to Buyer or
require Buyer to obtain any approval, consent or waiver of, or to make any
filing with, any person or entity (including any Governmental Authority) that
has not been obtained or made, except for required notification filings under
the HSR Act and except for such violations or failures that have not, and
would not reasonably be expected to have, a material adverse effect on
Buyer\'s ability to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement; and   (c) do not and will not result in a breach of, constitute
a default under, accelerate any obligation under, require a consent under,
cause a termination under, or give rise to a right of termination of any
indenture or loan or credit agreement or any other agreement, contract,
instrument, mortgage, lien, lease, permit, authorization, order, writ,
judgment, injunction, decree, determination or arbitration award, whether
written or oral, to which Buyer is a party or by which the property of Buyer
is bound or affected, except where such breach, default, acceleration,
failure or termination has not had, and would not reasonably be expected to
have, a material adverse effect on Buyer\'s ability to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or result in the creation or
imposition of any mortgage, pledge, lien, security interest or other charge
or encumbrance on any of the assets of Buyer.   30    4.4 LITIGATION.
There is no litigation pending or, to Buyer\'s knowledge, threatened against
it which would prevent or hinder the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.   4.5 FINDER\'S FEES. Buyer has not incurred
or become liable for any broker\'s commission or finder\'s fee relating to or
in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby.   4.6 DOMESTIC RENTAL BUSINESS. Buyer does not as of the date
hereof, engage in the "domestic rental business" in any of the metropolitan
areas in which Laundry Leases are located. For purposes of this Section 4.6,
"domestic rental business" means the rental of washers, dryers and
refrigerators to individual domestic customers and to multi-family property
owners or managers, solely for use in private residences or individual units
of multi-family buildings.  SECTION 5. COVENANTS OF BUYER.   5.1 GENERAL
COOPERATION. Buyer shall, at the request of Seller, do, execute, acknowledge
and deliver or cause to be done, executed, acknowledged and delivered all and
every further act, deed, conveyance, transfer and assurance as Seller may
reasonably request in order to evidence and otherwise facilitate
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
the agreements and instruments contemplated hereby.  SECTION 6. SURVIVAL OF
WARRANTIES; FEES AND EXPENSES.   6.1 SURVIVAL OF WARRANTIES. All
representations, warranties, agreements, covenants and obligations herein or
in any Schedule or certificate delivered by any party incident to the
transactions contemplated hereby are material and may be relied upon by the
party receiving the same and shall survive the Closing regardless of any
investigation by or knowledge of such party and shall not merge into the
performance of any obligation by any party hereto, subject to the provisions
of Section 7 hereof.   6.2 FEES AND EXPENSES. Except as otherwise expressly
provided herein to the contrary, each of the parties hereto will bear its own
expenses in connection with the negotiation and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the agreements entered into
in connection herewith, whether or not such transactions are
consummated.  SECTION 7. INDEMNIFICATION.   7.1 INDEMNIFICATION BY SELLER.
Seller and its respective successors and permitted assigns will subsequent to
the Closing jointly and severally indemnify and hold harmless Buyer, its
Subsidiaries (including without limitation, TLP) and their affiliates and
their respective officers, directors, employees and agents (individually, a
"BUYER INDEMNIFIED PARTY" and collectively, the "BUYER INDEMNIFIED PARTIES")
from and against and in respect of all losses, liabilities, obligations,
damages, deficiencies, actions, suits, proceedings, demands, assessments,
orders, judgments, fines, penalties, costs and expenses (including the
reasonable fees, disbursements and expenses of attorneys, accountants and
consultants) of any kind or nature whatsoever (whether or not arising out of
third-party claims and including all amounts paid in  
31   investigation, defense or settlement of the foregoing) sustained,
suffered or incurred by or made against (collectively "LOSSES" and
individually a "LOSS") any Buyer Indemnified Party arising out of, based upon
or in connection with:   (a) fraud or an intentional misrepresentation by
Seller of any of its representations or warranties in this Agreement or in
any Schedule, exhibit, certificate, financial statement, agreement or other
instrument delivered under or in connection with this Agreement (including
without limitation, the Occupancy Agreement, the License Agreement and the
Services Agreement);   (b) any breach of any representation or warranty made
by Seller in this Agreement or in any Schedule, exhibit, certificate,
financial statement, agreement or other instrument delivered under or in
connection with this Agreement (including without limitation, the Occupancy
Agreement, the License Agreement and the Services Agreement);   (c) any
breach of any covenant or agreement made by Seller in this Agreement or in
any Schedule, exhibit, certificate, financial statement, agreement or other
instrument delivered under or in connection with this Agreement (including
without limitation, the Occupancy Agreement, the License Agreement and the
Services Agreement);   (d) any liability relating to Seller\'s failure to
comply with the provisions of any applicable bulk sales, fraudulent
conveyance or other law for the protection of creditors;   (e) any
liability of Seller or the Business other than the Assumed Liabilities;  
(f) except for the Assumed TLP Liabilities, any and all liabilities of TLP of
any kind or nature, known, unknown, accrued, absolute, contingent or
otherwise, whether now existing or hereafter arising, including without
limitation, any liability arising out of, resulting from, or relating to the
operation of the Business prior to the Closing, including in connection
with events commencing or occurring or circumstances existing prior to the
Closing and continuing after the Closing; or   (g) any liability of TLP or
Buyer (as general partner of TLP or otherwise) to the limited partner of TLP,
whether under the TLP Partnership Agreement, the TLP Put/Option or otherwise,
in excess of $2,600,000 in the aggregate (including for purposes of
determining such liability all amounts payable to the limited partner of TLP
pursuant to the TLP Put/Option assuming an exercise of the option to purchase
the limited partner interest between May 1, 2006 and June 30, 2006).   For
purposes of this Agreement, "ASSUMED TLP LIABILITIES" means (i)
the obligations of TLP under the Laundry Leases of TLP listed on SCHEDULE
1.1(a)(i) attached hereto, but only to the extent such obligations: (A) arise
after the Closing Date; (B) do not arise from or relate to any breach by TLP
of any provision of any such Laundry Lease; (C) do not arise from or relate
to any event, circumstance or condition occurring or existing on or prior to
the Closing Date that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute
or result in a breach by TLP, Buyer or any of their respective affiliates of
any provision of any such Laundry Lease; and (D) are ascertainable solely
by reference to the express terms of such Laundry Leases.   32    Claims
under clauses (a) through (g) of this Section 7.1 shall be hereinafter
collectively referred to as "BUYER INDEMNIFIABLE CLAIMS," and Losses in
respect of such claims shall be hereinafter collectively referred to
as "BUYER INDEMNIFIABLE LOSSES."   7.2 LIMITATIONS ON INDEMNIFICATION BY
SELLER.   (a) MAXIMUM INDEMNIFICATION. Subject to the exceptions set
forth in subsection (d)(ii) of this Section 7.2, the obligation of Seller to
indemnify Buyer Indemnified Parties in respect of any Buyer Indemnifiable
Losses described in or arising under Section 7.1(b) ("REPRESENTATION AND
WARRANTY LOSSES") shall be limited, in the aggregate, to an amount equal to
nine million dollars ($9,000,000) (the "INDEMNITY CAP AMOUNT").   (b)
SELLER\'S BASKET. Subject to the exceptions set forth in subsection (d)(ii)
of this Section 7.2, no indemnification shall be payable with respect to
Representation and Warranty Losses except to the extent the cumulative amount
of all Representation and Warranty Losses under Section 7.1(b) exceeds nine
hundred thousand dollars ($900,000.00) in the aggregate (the "SELLER\'S
BASKET"), whereupon the total amount of such Representation and Warranty
Losses shall be recoverable in accordance with the terms hereof.   (c) TIME
LIMITATION. Subject to the exceptions set forth in subsection (d)(ii) of this
Section 7.2, no indemnification shall be payable to a Buyer Indemnified Party
with respect to any claim relating to Representation and Warranty Losses
asserted more than eighteen (18) months after the Closing Date (the
"EXPIRATION DATE"); provided that any claim for indemnification as to
which notice has been given prior to the Expiration Date shall survive such
expiration until final resolution of such claim. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, no indemnification shall be payable to a Buyer Indemnified Party
with respect to any claim relating to Representation and Warranty Losses
arising out of a breach of the representations contained in the last two
sentences of Section 2.7 that is asserted more than thirty (30) days after
the Closing Inventory Count is finally determined in accordance with Section
1.11.   (d) NO LIMITATION ON CERTAIN CLAIMS. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, Buyer Indemnified Parties shall be entitled
to dollar-for-dollar indemnification from the first dollar and shall not be
subject to the Seller\'s Basket, or the Indemnity Cap Amount, or any
limitation as to time (other than applicable legal statutes of limitation) in
seeking indemnification with respect to any of the following:   (i) Losses
described in or arising under Sections  7.1(a), (c), (d), (e), (f) or
(g);   (ii) Losses described in or arising under Section 7.1(b)  involving
a breach by Seller of any of the representations and warranties  contained in
Sections 2.4, 2.6, 2.8, 2.18 or 2.19 hereof.   If the same or substantially
similar facts or circumstances constitute a breach of a representation or
warranty and provide the basis for a claim under Sections 7.1(a), (c), (d),
(e), (f) or (g), the limitations contained in this Agreement with respect to
Representation and Warranty Losses shall not apply to such claim.  
33    (e) EQUIPMENT INVENTORY. For purposes of calculating any
Losses resulting from a breach by Seller of the representations contained in
the last two sentences of Section 2.7, new washers and dryers shall be valued
at $500 per machine and used washers and dryers shall be valued at $200 per
machine.   7.3 INDEMNIFICATION BY BUYER. Buyer and its successors and
permitted assigns agree subsequent to the Closing to indemnify and hold
harmless Seller, its Subsidiaries and their affiliates and their respective
officers, directors, employees and agents (individually, a "SELLER
INDEMNIFIED PARTY" and collectively, the "SELLER INDEMNIFIED PARTIES") from
and against and in respect of all Losses arising out of, based upon or in
connection with:   (a) fraud or an intentional misrepresentation by Buyer of
any of its representations, or warranties in this Agreement or in any
schedule, exhibit, certificate, financial statement, agreement or other
instrument delivered under or in connection with this Agreement (including
without limitation, the Occupancy Agreement, the License Agreement and the
Services Agreement);   (b) any breach of any representation or warranty
made by Buyer in this Agreement or in any Schedule, exhibit, certificate,
financial statement, agreement or other instrument delivered under or in
connection with this Agreement (including without limitation, the Occupancy
Agreement, the License Agreement and the Services Agreement);   (c) any
breach of any covenant or agreement made by Buyer in this Agreement or in any
Schedule, exhibit, certificate, agreement or other instrument delivered under
or in connection with this Agreement (including without limitation, the
Occupancy Agreement, the License Agreement and the Services Agreement);
and   (d) any Assumed Liability or Assumed TLP Liabilities.   Claims under
clauses (a) through (d) of this Section 7.3 shall be hereinafter collectively
referred to as "SELLER INDEMNIFIABLE CLAIMS," and Losses in respect of such
claims shall be hereinafter collectively referred to as "SELLER INDEMNIFIABLE
LOSSES."   7.4 LIMITATIONS ON INDEMNIFICATION BY BUYER.   (a) MAXIMUM
INDEMNIFICATION. Buyer\'s obligation to indemnify Seller Indemnified Parties
in respect of Seller Indemnifiable Losses described in or arising under
Section 7.3(b) shall be limited, in the aggregate, to an amount equal to nine
million dollars ($9,000,000).   (b) BUYER\'S BASKET. No indemnification
shall be payable with respect to Seller Indemnifiable Losses described in or
arising under Section 7.3(b) except to the extent the cumulative amount of
all such Seller Indemnifiable Losses exceeds nine hundred thousand dollars
($900,000) in the aggregate (the "BUYER\'S BASKET"), whereupon the total
amount of such Seller Indemnifiable Losses shall be recoverable in accordance
with the terms hereof.   (c) NO LIMITATION ON CERTAIN CLAIMS.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Seller Indemnified Parties
shall be entitled to dollar-for-dollar indemnification from the  
34   first dollar and shall not be subject to the Buyer\'s Basket or any
maximum amount of claims, whether pursuant to this Section 7.4 or otherwise,
or any limitation as to time (other than applicable legal statutes of
limitation) in seeking indemnification from the Buyer with respect to Seller
Indemnifiable Losses described in or arising under Sections 7.3(a), (c) or
(d).   (d) TIME LIMITATION. Subject to the exception set forth in Section
7.4(c), no indemnification shall be payable to a Seller Indemnified Party
with respect to any claim asserted after the Expiration Date which relates to
Seller Indemnifiable Losses described in or arising under Section
7.3(b); provided that any claim for indemnification as to which notice has
been given prior to the Expiration Date shall survive such expiration until
final resolution of such claim.   7.5 NOTICE; DEFENSE OF CLAIMS.   (a)
NOTICE OF CLAIMS. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party of notice of
any claim, liability or expense to which the indemnification obligations
hereunder would apply, the indemnified party shall give notice thereof in
writing (a "CLAIM NOTICE") to the indemnifying party, but the omission to so
notify the indemnifying party promptly will not relieve the indemnifying
party from any liability except (i) to the extent that the indemnifying party
shall have been materially prejudiced as a result of the failure or delay in
giving such Claim Notice and (ii) that no indemnification will be payable to
an indemnified party with respect to any claim for which the Claim Notice is
given after expiration of the period for which such claim may be made
pursuant to Section 7.2(c) or 7.4(d) (as the case may be) of this Agreement.
Such Claim Notice shall state the information then available regarding the
amount and nature of such claim, liability or expense and shall specify the
provision or provisions of this Agreement under which the liability or
obligation is asserted.   (b) THIRD PARTY CLAIMS. With respect to third
party claims, if within thirty (30) days after receiving the Claim Notice the
indemnifying party gives written notice (the "DEFENSE NOTICE") to the
indemnified party stating that (i) it may be liable under the provisions
hereof for indemnity in the amount of such claim if such claim were
successful and (ii) that it disputes and intends to defend against such
claim, liability or expense at its own cost and expense, then counsel for the
defense shall be selected by the indemnifying party (subject to the consent
of the indemnified party which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld)
and the indemnified party shall not be required to make any payment with
respect to such claim, liability or expense as long as the indemnifying party
is conducting a good faith and diligent defense at its own expense; provided,
however, that the assumption of defense of any such matters by the
indemnifying party shall relate solely to the claim, liability or
expense that is subject or potentially subject to indemnification.   The
indemnifying party shall have the right, with the consent of the indemnified
party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, to settle all
identifiable matters related to claims by third parties which are susceptible
to being settled provided the indemnifying parties\' obligation to indemnify
the indemnified party therefore will be fully satisfied. The indemnifying
party shall keep the indemnified party apprised of the status of the claim,
liability or expense and any resulting suit, proceeding or enforcement
action, shall furnish the indemnified party with all documents
and information that the indemnified party shall reasonably request and
shall consult   35   with the indemnified party prior to acting on major
matters, including settlement discussions. Notwithstanding anything herein
stated, the indemnified party shall at all times have the right to fully
participate in such defense at its own expense directly or through counsel;
provided, however, if the named parties to the action or proceeding include
both the indemnifying party and the indemnified party and representation of
both parties by the same counsel would be inappropriate under applicable
standards of professional conduct, the expense of separate counsel for the
indemnified party shall be paid by the indemnifying party.   If no Defense
Notice is given by the indemnifying party, or if diligent good faith defense
is not being or ceases to be conducted by the indemnifying party, the
indemnified party shall, at the expense of the indemnifying party, undertake
the defense of (with counsel selected by the indemnified party), and shall
have the right to compromise or settle such claim, liability or expense. If
such claim, liability or expense is one that by its nature cannot be
defended solely by the indemnifying party, then the indemnified party shall
make available all information and assistance that the indemnifying party
may reasonably request and shall cooperate with the indemnifying party in
such defense.   (c) NON-THIRD PARTY CLAIMS. With respect to non-third
party claims, if within thirty (30) days after receiving the Claim Notice
the indemnifying party does not give written notice to the indemnified party
that it contests such indemnity, the amount of indemnity payable for such
claim shall be as set forth in the Claim Notice. If the indemnifying party
provides written notice to the indemnified party within such 30-day period
that it contests such indemnity, the parties shall attempt in good faith to
reach an agreement with regard thereto within thirty (30) days of delivery of
the indemnifying party\'s notice. If the parties cannot reach agreement
within such 30-day period, the matter shall be submitted to
J.A.M.S./Endispute, Inc. for arbitration pursuant to Section 8.9.  SECTION
8. MISCELLANEOUS.   8.1 LAW GOVERNING. This Agreement shall be construed
under and governed by the internal laws of the State of Delaware without
regard to its conflict of laws provisions.   8.2 NOTICES. Any notice,
request, demand other communication required or permitted hereunder shall be
in writing and shall be deemed to have been given (i) if sent by a nationally
recognized overnight courier, properly addressed with postage prepaid, on the
next business day (or Saturday if sent for Saturday delivery) or (ii) if sent
by registered or certified mail, upon the sooner of receipt or the expiration
of three business (3) days after deposit in United States post office
facilities properly addressed with postage prepaid. All notices will be sent
to the addresses set forth below or to such other address as such party may
designate by notice to each other party hereunder:   IF TO BUYER:   Mac-
Gray Services, Inc.  c/o Mac-Gray Corporation  22 Water Street  Cambridge,
MA 02141   36    Attn: Chief Executive Officer   WITH A COPY TO:  
Goodwin Procter LLP  Exchange Place  Boston, MA 02109  Attn: Robert P.
Whalen, Jr., Esq.   IF TO SELLER:   Web Service Company, Inc.  3690
Redondo Beach Avenue  Redondo Beach, CA 90278  Attn: Chief Executive
Officer   WITH A COPY TO:   Bill Bloomfield, Jr.  Web Service Company,
Inc.  3690 Redondo Beach Avenue  Redondo Beach, CA 90278   and   Jeffer,
Mangels, Butler and Marmaro LLP  1900 Avenue of the Stars  Los Angeles,
California 90067  Attn: Tim Lappen, Esq.  Any notice given hereunder may be
given on behalf of any party by its counsel or other authorized
representative.   8.3 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement, including the
Schedules and Exhibits referred to herein and the other writings specifically
identified herein or contemplated hereby or delivered in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby, is complete, reflects the entire agreement
of the parties with respect to its subject matter, and supersedes all
previous written or oral negotiations, commitments and writings.   8.4
ASSIGNABILITY; SEVERABILITY.   (a) This Agreement shall be assignable by
Buyer to any direct or indirect subsidiary of Buyer although no such
assignment shall relieve Buyer of any liabilities or obligations under this
Agreement. Neither this Agreement nor any term or provision hereunder may be
assigned or delegated by Seller without the prior written consent of Buyer in
its sole discretion. This Agreement and the obligations of the parties
hereunder (including specifically but without limitation the indemnification
obligations of Seller set forth in Section 7) shall be   37   binding
upon and enforceable by, and shall inure to the benefit of, the parties
hereto and their respective successors, executors, administrators, estates,
heirs and permitted assigns, and no others.   (b) Any provision of this
Agreement that is deemed invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any
jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction and subject to this paragraph be
ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability,
without affecting in any way the remaining provisions hereof in such
jurisdiction or rendering that or any other provisions of this Agreement
invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any other jurisdiction. If any covenant
should be deemed invalid, illegal or unenforceable because its scope is
considered excessive, either in time or in geographical range, such covenant
shall be modified so that the scope of the covenant is reduced only to the
minimum extent necessary to render the modified covenant valid, legal
and enforceable.   8.5 CAPTIONS AND GENDER. The captions in this Agreement
are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction or
interpretation of any term or provision hereof. The use in this Agreement of
the masculine pronoun in reference to a party hereto shall be deemed to
include the feminine or neuter pronoun, as the context may require.   8.6
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Agreement, the term:   (a)
"AFFILIATE" of a person shall mean a person that directly or indirectly,
through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with, the first mentioned person;   (b) "CONTROL" (including
the terms "CONTROLLED BY" and "UNDER COMMON CONTROL WITH") means the
possession, directly or indirectly or as trustee or executor, of the power to
direct or cause the direction of the management policies of a person, whether
through the ownership of stock, as trustee or executor, by contract or credit
arrangement or otherwise;   (c) "PERSON" means an individual, corporation,
partnership, association, limited liability company, trust or any
unincorporated organization; and   (d) "SUBSIDIARY" means any corporation
more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding voting securities of which,
or any partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other entity
more than fifty percent (50%) of the total equity interest of which, is owned
directly or indirectly by Seller.   (e) "EMPLOYEE" means any employee of
Seller or TLP prior to or at the time of the Closing.   8.7 EXECUTION IN
COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, and
delivered by facsimile transmission, each of which counterparts shall be
deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same
document.   8.8 AMENDMENTS; WAIVERS. This Agreement may not be amended or
modified, nor may compliance with any condition or covenant set forth herein
be waived, except by a writing duly and validly executed by each of the
parties hereto, or, in the case of a waiver, the party   38   waiving
compliance. No delay on the part of any party in exercising any right, power
or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall
any waiver on the part of any party of any such right, power or privilege, or
any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or privilege,
preclude any further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other such
right, power or privilege.   8.9 DISPUTE RESOLUTION. Except with respect to
injunctive relief, which may be sought in a court of competent jurisdiction,
as more specifically set forth below, all disputes, claims, or controversies
arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other agreement executed
and delivered pursuant to this Agreement or the negotiation, validity or
performance hereof and thereof or the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby that are not resolved by mutual agreement shall be resolved solely
and exclusively by binding arbitration to be conducted before
J.A.M.S./Endispute, Inc. or its successor. The arbitration shall be held in
Miami, Florida before a single arbitrator and shall be conducted in
accordance with the rules and regulations promulgated by J.A.M.S./Endispute,
Inc. unless specifically modified herein.   The parties covenant and agree
that the arbitration shall commence within ninety (90) days of the date on
which any party files a written demand for arbitration hereto. In connection
with the arbitration proceeding, the arbitrator shall have the power to order
the production of documents by each party and any third-party witnesses. In
addition, each party may take up to three depositions as of right, and the
arbitrator may in his or her discretion allow additional depositions upon
good cause shown by the moving party. However, the arbitrator shall not have
the power to order the answering of interrogatories or the response to
requests for admission. In connection with any arbitration, each party shall
provide to the other, no later than seven (7) business days before the date
of the arbitration, the identity of all persons that may testify at the
arbitration and a copy of all documents that may be introduced at the
arbitration or considered or used by a party\'s witness or expert. The
arbitrator\'s decision and award shall be made and delivered within six (6)
months of the selection of the arbitrator. The arbitrator\'s decision shall
set forth a reasoned basis for any award of damages or finding of liability.
The arbitrator shall not have the power to award damages in excess of actual
compensatory damages and shall not multiply actual damages or award punitive
damages or any other damages that are specifically excluded under
this Agreement, and each party hereby irrevocably waives any claim to such
damages.   The parties covenant and agree that they will participate in
the arbitration in good faith, that they will share equally the fees and
expenses of J.A.M.S./Endispute, Inc. and that they will each bear their own
attorneys\' fees and expenses, except as otherwise provided herein. The
arbitrator may in his or her discretion assess costs and expenses (including
the reasonable attorneys\' and experts\' fees and expenses of the prevailing
party) against any party to a proceeding. Any party unsuccessfully refusing
to comply with an order of the arbitrators shall be liable for costs and
expenses, including attorneys\' fees, incurred by the other party in
enforcing the award. This Section applies equally to requests for temporary,
preliminary or permanent injunctive relief, except that in the case of
temporary or preliminary injunctive relief any party may proceed in court
without prior arbitration for the limited purpose of avoiding immediate and
irreparable harm. The provisions of this Section shall be enforceable in any
court of competent jurisdiction. The prevailing party in any action for
injunctive relief will be entitled to payment of reasonable attorneys\' fees
and expenses.   39    Each of the parties hereto irrevocably and
unconditionally consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of J.A.M.S./Endispute,
Inc. to resolve all disputes, claims or controversies arising out of or
relating to this Agreement or any other agreement executed and delivered
pursuant to this Agreement or the negotiation, validity or performance hereof
and thereof or the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and further
consents to the jurisdiction of the courts of Florida for the purposes of
enforcing the arbitration provisions of this Section 8.9. Each party further
irrevocably waives any objection to proceeding before J.A.M.S./Endispute,
Inc. based upon lack of personal jurisdiction or to the laying of the venue
and further irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not to make a
claim in any court that arbitration before J.A.M.S./Endispute, Inc. has been
brought in an inconvenient forum. Each of the parties hereto hereby consents
to service of process by registered mail at the address to which notices are
to be given. Each of the parties hereto agrees that its or his submission to
jurisdiction and its or his consent to service of process by mail are made
for the express benefit of the other parties hereto.   [END OF TEXT]  
40    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to
be executed as of the date first set forth above by their duly
authorized representatives.   BUYER:   MAC-GRAY SERVICES, INC.   
By:  ----------------------------  Name:  Title:    SELLER:   WEB
SERVICE COMPANY, INC.    By:  ----------------------------  Name: 
Title:   '

