 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER    EXHIBIT
2.1  ==============================================================================  
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER      Dated as of August 16, 2002     
Among      BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC.      C ACQUISITION
CORP.      and      CTB INTERNATIONAL
CORP.    ==============================================================================      
TABLE OF CONTENTS   Page    ARTICLE I   Definitions and
Interpretation  SECTION 1.01. Certain Defined
Terms....................................... 2 SECTION 1.02. Other Defined
Terms......................................... 5 SECTION 1.03.
Interpretation.............................................. 6    ARTICLE
II   The Merger  SECTION 2.01. The
Merger.................................................. 6 SECTION 2.02.
Closing..................................................... 7 SECTION 2.03.
Effective Time.............................................. 7 SECTION 2.04.
Effects of the Merger....................................... 7 SECTION 2.05.
Articles of Incorporation and By-laws....................... 7 SECTION 2.06.
Directors................................................... 8 SECTION 2.07.
Officers.................................................... 8    ARTICLE
III   Effect of the Merger on the Capital Stock of the  Constituent
Corporations; Exchange of Certificates  SECTION 3.01. Effect on Capital
Stock..................................... 8 SECTION 3.02. Exchange of
Certificates.................................... 9    ARTICLE IV  
Representations and Warranties  SECTION 4.01. Representations and Warranties
of the Company............... 12 SECTION 4.02. Representations and Warranties
of Parent and Acquisition 
Sub....................................................... 23   i     
ARTICLE V   Covenants Relating to Conduct of Business  SECTION 5.01.
Covenants of the Company.................................... 26 SECTION 5.02.
Covenants of Parent and Acquisition Sub..................... 29 SECTION 5.03.
No Solicitation............................................. 29    ARTICLE
VI   Additional Agreements  SECTION 6.01. Preparation of the Proxy
Statement.......................... 30 SECTION 6.02. Access to
Information....................................... 31 SECTION 6.03. Company
Shareholders Meeting................................ 32 SECTION 6.04.
Reasonable Best Efforts..................................... 32 SECTION 6.05.
Benefits Matters............................................ 32 SECTION 6.06.
Stock-Based Compensation.................................... 34 SECTION 6.07.
Fees and Expenses........................................... 35 SECTION 6.08.
Indemnification and Exculpation............................. 35 SECTION 6.09.
Transfer Taxes.............................................. 37    ARTICLE
VII   Conditions Precedent  SECTION 7.01. Conditions to Each Party\'s
Obligation to Effect the 
Merger.................................................... 38 SECTION 7.02.
Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Acquisition Sub to  Effect the
Merger......................................... 38 SECTION 7.03. Conditions
to Obligation of the Company to Effect the 
Merger.................................................... 40 SECTION 7.04.
Frustration of Closing Conditions........................... 40    ARTICLE
VIII   Termination and Amendment  SECTION 8.01.
Termination................................................. 41 SECTION 8.02.
Effect of Termination....................................... 42 SECTION 8.03.
Amendment................................................... 42 SECTION 8.04.
Extension; Waiver........................................... 42 SECTION 8.05.
Procedure for Termination, Amendment, Extension or Waiver... 43  
ii      ARTICLE IX   General Provisions  SECTION 9.01. Nonsurvival of
Representations and Warranties............... 43 SECTION 9.02.
Notices..................................................... 43 SECTION 9.03.
Counterparts................................................ 44 SECTION 9.04.
Entire Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries; Rights of 
Ownership................................................. 44 SECTION 9.05.
Governing Law............................................... 44 SECTION 9.06.
Publicity................................................... 45 SECTION 9.07.
Assignment.................................................. 45 SECTION 9.08.
Enforcement................................................. 45 SECTION 9.09.
Severability................................................ 46  
iii      AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this "Agreement") dated  as of
August 16, 2002, among BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC., a  Delaware corporation
("Parent"), C ACQUISITION CORP., an  Indiana corporation and a wholly owned
subsidiary of  Parent ("Acquisition Sub"), and CTB INTERNATIONAL CORP.,  an
Indiana corporation (the "Company").    WHEREAS Parent and the respective
Boards of Directors of Acquisition Sub and the Company have approved the
merger of Acquisition Sub with and into the Company (the "Merger"), upon the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, whereby each
issued and outstanding share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of
the Company ("Company Common Stock"), other than the shares of Company Common
Stock owned, directly or indirectly, by Parent or the Company immediately
prior to the Effective Time, will be converted into the right to receive the
Merger Consideration (as defined in Section 3.01(c));   WHEREAS each issued
and outstanding share of Company Common Stock owned, directly or indirectly,
by Parent or the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time, will be
canceled and retired;   WHEREAS concurrently with the execution and delivery
hereof, American Securities Partners, L.P., ASP/CTB L.P., Caryl M. Chocola,
J. Christopher Chocola, the other individuals party thereto (collectively,
the "Sellers"), Parent and Acquisition Sub, will enter into a
shareholder agreement and proxy (the "Shareholders Agreement") pursuant to
which the Sellers will agree, among other things, to take specified actions
in furtherance of the Merger;   WHEREAS the Board of Directors of the
Company (i) has determined that this Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby are fair to and in the best interests of the
Company and its shareholders, (ii) has adopted this Agreement and has
approved the Merger, the other transactions contemplated hereby and
the      2  transactions contemplated by the Shareholders Agreement and
(iii) has recommended that the shareholders of the Company approve this
Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby; and  
WHEREAS Parent, Acquisition Sub and the Company desire to make certain
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in connection with the
Merger and also to prescribe various conditions to the Merger.   NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the
respective representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth
herein, the parties agree as follows:    ARTICLE I   Definitions and
Interpretation   SECTION 1.01. Certain Defined Terms.   For purposes of
this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:  
"affiliate" of any person means another person that directly or indirectly,
through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with, such first person.   "business day" means any day on
which banks are not required or authorized to close in the City of New
York.   "control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the
power to direct or cause the direction of the management policies of a
person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or
otherwise.   "Environmental Claim" means any written notice, claim,
demand, action, suit, complaint or proceeding by any person alleging
liability arising out of or relating to (A) the presence or Release of any
Hazardous Materials or (B) any violation of an Environmental Law or an
Environmental Permit.      3   "Environmental Laws" means all
applicable federal, state and local statutes, rules, regulations, ordinances,
orders, judgments and decrees relating to contamination, pollution or the
protection of the environment.   "Environmental Permits" means all Company
Permits required under Environmental Laws necessary for the Company and its
subsidiaries to conduct their operations and businesses on the date of this
Agreement.   "Hazardous Materials" means (A) any petroleum or petroleum
products, radioactive materials or wastes, asbestos in any form, urea
formaldehyde foam insulation and polychlorinated biphenyls and (B) any other
chemical, material, substance or waste that in relevant form or concentration
is prohibited, limited or regulated under any Environmental Law.  
"material adverse effect" means, when used in connection with the Company,
any state of facts, change, effect, event, occurrence or development that is,
or is reasonably likely to be, materially adverse to the business, results of
operations or financial condition of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken
as a whole, other than any change, effect, event or occurrence relating to or
arising out of (A) the economy or securities markets in general, (B) this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or the announcement thereof
or (C) any industry currently engaged in by the Company, in general, and not
specifically relating to the Company or its subsidiaries; "material adverse
effect" means, when used in connection with Parent, any state of facts,
change, effect, event, occurrence or development that would, or is reasonably
likely to, prevent or materially impede or delay the consummation of the
Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   "person"
means an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company,
joint venture, association, trust, unincorporated organization or other
entity.   "Release" means any release, spill, emission, leaking,
dumping, injection, pouring, deposit, disposal,      4  discharge,
dispersal, leaching or migration into or through the environment.  
"subsidiary" of any person means another person, an amount of the voting
securities, other voting ownership or voting partnership interests of which
is sufficient to elect at least a majority of its Board of Directors or other
governing body (or, if there are not such voting interests, more than 50% of
the equity interests of which) is owned directly or indirectly by such first
person.   "Takeover Proposal" means any proposal or offer from any
person (other than Parent or the Acquisition Sub) relating to any direct or
indirect acquisition, in one transaction or a series of transactions,
including any merger, tender offer, exchange offer, stock acquisition, asset
acquisition, statutory share exchange, business combination,
recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution, joint venture or similar
transaction, of (A) assets or businesses that constitute or represent 20% or
more of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or
(B) 20% or more of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock or capital
stock of, or other equity or voting interests in, any of the Company\'s
subsidiaries directly or indirectly holding, individually or taken together,
the assets or businesses referred to in clause (A) above.   "tax"
(including, with correlative meaning, "taxes" and "taxable") includes all
forms of taxation, whenever created or imposed, and whether domestic or
foreign, and whether imposed by a national, federal, state, provincial, local
or other Governmental Entity, including all interest, penalties and additions
imposed with respect to such amounts.   "tax returns" means all domestic or
foreign (whether national, federal, state, provincial, local or otherwise)
returns, declarations, statements, reports, schedules, forms and information
returns relating to taxes and any amended tax return.      5   SECTION
1.02. Other Defined Terms. For purposes of this Agreement, each of the
following terms is defined in the Section set forth opposite such term:   
Term Section   "Acquisition Agreement" 5.03(b)  "Acquisition Sub"
Preamble  "Agreement" Preamble  "Articles of Merger" 2.03  "Broker
Agreements" 4.01(p)  "Certificate" 3.01(c)  "Closing" 2.02  "Closing Date"
2.02  "Code" 3.02(f)  "Company" Preamble  "Company Benefit Agreements"
4.01(l)  "Company Benefit Plans" 4.01(l)  "Company Common Stock" Recitals 
"Company Disclosure Schedule" 4.01  "Company Filed SEC Documents" 4.01 
"Company Option Agreements" 4.01(b)  "Company Permits" 4.01(g)  "Company
Preferred Stock" 4.01(b)  "Company SEC Documents" 4.01(d)  "Company
Shareholder Approval" 4.01(n)  "Company Shareholders Meeting" 4.01(c)(ii) 
"Company Stock Incentive Plan" 4.01(b)  "Company Stock Options" 4.01(b) 
"Confidentiality Agreement" 6.02  "Continuation Period" 6.05(a)  "Continued
Employee" 6.05(a)  "Effective Time" 2.03  "ERISA" 4.01(l)  "Exchange Act"
4.01(c)(ii)  "GAAP" 4.01(d)  "Governmental Entity" 4.01(c)(ii)  "HSR Act"
4.01(c)(ii)  "IBCL" 2.01  "Indemnified Liabilities" 6.08(a)  "Indemnified
Persons" 6.08(a)  "Lien" 4.01(c)(ii)  "Merger" Recitals  "Merger
Consideration" 3.01(c)  "Outside Date" 8.01(b)(i)  "Parent" Preamble 
"Paying Agent" 3.02      6   "Proxy Statement" 4.01(c)(ii) 
"Securities Act" 4.01(d)  "Shareholders Agreement" Recitals  "SEC"
4.01(c)(ii)  "Sellers" Recitals  "Surviving Corporation" 2.01   SECTION
1.03. Interpretation. When a reference is made in this Agreement to a party
or to an Article, Section, Exhibit or Schedule, such reference shall be to a
party to, an Article or Section of, or an Exhibit or Schedule to, this
Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The table of contents and headings
contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not
affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever
the words "include", "includes" or "including" are used in this Agreement,
they shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without limitation". The
words "hereof", "herein" and "hereunder" and words of similar import when
used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to
any particular provision of this Agreement. The term "or" when used in this
Agreement is not exclusive. All terms defined in this Agreement shall have
the defined meanings when used in any certificate or other document made or
delivered pursuant hereto unless otherwise defined therein. The
definitions contained in this Agreement are applicable to the singular as
well as the plural forms of such terms. Any agreement, instrument or statute
defined or referred to herein or in any agreement or instrument that is
referred to herein means such agreement, instrument or statute as from time
to time amended, modified or supplemented, including (x) (in the case of
agreements or instruments) by waiver or consent and (in the case of statutes)
by succession of comparable successor statutes and (y) all attachments
thereto and instruments incorporated therein. References to a person are also
to its permitted successors and assigns.      ARTICLE II   The
Merger   SECTION 2.01. The Merger. Upon the terms and subject to
the conditions set forth in this Agreement, and in accordance with the
Indiana Business Corporation Law      7  (the "IBCL"), Acquisition Sub
shall be merged with and into the Company at the Effective Time (as defined
in Section 2.03). Following the Merger, the separate corporate existence of
Acquisition Sub shall cease and the Company shall be the surviving
corporation (the "Surviving Corporation"). The Surviving Corporation shall
continue its existence under the laws of the State of Indiana under the name
"CTB International Corp.", and the Surviving Corporation shall succeed to all
the rights and obligations of the Company and Acquisition Sub in accordance
with the IBCL.   SECTION 2.02. Closing. The closing of the Merger (the
"Closing") will take place at 10:00 a.m. on a date to be specified by the
parties (the "Closing Date"), which shall be no later than the second
business day following the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth
in Article VII (other than those conditions that by their terms are to be
satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or waiver of those
conditions), at the offices of Cravath, Swaine and Moore, Worldwide Plaza, 825
Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10019, unless another time, date or place
is agreed to in writing by the parties.   SECTION 2.03. Effective Time.
Prior to the Closing, the Company shall prepare articles of merger
incorporating the plan of merger in accordance with Section 23-1-40-5 of the
IBCL (the "Articles of Merger"), and as soon as practicable on the Closing
Date, the Company shall file the Articles of Merger in accordance with the
relevant provisions of the IBCL with the Secretary of State of the State of
Indiana. The Merger shall become effective upon the filing of the Articles of
Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Indiana in accordance with
Section 23-1-40-5 of the IBCL or at such later time as is agreed to by the
parties and set forth in the Articles of Merger (the time the Merger becomes
effective being hereinafter referred to as the "Effective Time").   SECTION
2.04. Effects of the Merger. The Merger shall have the effects set forth in
Section 23-1-40-6 of the IBCL.   SECTION 2.05. Articles of Incorporation and
By-laws.   (a) The articles of incorporation of the Acquisition Sub as in 
effect immediately prior to the      8   Effective Time shall be the
articles of incorporation of the Surviving  Corporation until thereafter
changed or amended as provided therein or by  applicable law.   (b) The by-
laws of the Acquisition Sub as in effect immediately  prior to the Effective
Time shall be the by-laws of the Surviving  Corporation until thereafter
changed or amended as provided therein or by  applicable law.   SECTION
2.06. Directors. The directors of Acquisition Sub immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be the directors of the Surviving Corporation to hold
office until the earlier of their resignation or removal or until their
respective successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case may be.  
SECTION 2.07. Officers. The officers of the Company immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be the officers of the Surviving Corporation to hold
office until the earlier of their resignation or removal or until their
respective successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case
may be.    ARTICLE III   Effect of the Merger on the Capital Stock of
the  Constituent Corporations; Exchange of Certificates   SECTION 3.01.
Effect on Capital Stock. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and
without any action on the part of the holder of any shares of capital stock
of the Company, Parent or Acquisition Sub:   (a) Capital Stock of
Acquisition Sub. Each issued and outstanding share of common stock of
Acquisition Sub shall be converted into and become one fully paid and
nonassessable share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the
Surviving Corporation.   (b) Cancelation of Treasury Stock, Parent-Owned
Stock and Certain Other Stock. Each share of Company Common Stock that is
owned by the Company, any wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, Parent,
Acquisition Sub or any other wholly owned subsidiary of Parent, immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall automatically be canceled and     
9  retired and shall cease to exist and no consideration shall be delivered
or deliverable in exchange therefor.   (c) Conversion of Company Common
Stock. Each share of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time (other than shares to be canceled in accordance
with Section 3.01(b)) shall be converted into the right to receive $12.75 in
cash, without interest (the "Merger Consideration"). At the Effective Time,
all such shares shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be
canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and each holder of a
certificate that immediately prior to the Effective Time represented any such
shares (a "Certificate") shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto,
except the right to receive the Merger Consideration and any dividends to
which such holder is entitled pursuant to the proviso to the first sentence
of Section 3.02(c).   SECTION 3.02. Exchange of Certificates.   (a) Paying
Agent. When and as needed, Acquisition Sub shall deposit  or cause to be
deposited (and Parent shall provide all necessary funds  and otherwise cause
Acquisition Sub to deposit), with a bank or trust  company designated by
Parent or Acquisition Sub (and reasonably  acceptable to the Company) to act
as agent (the "Paying Agent") for the  holders of Company Common Stock, the
funds to pay the Merger  Consideration to the holders of Company Common Stock
who shall become  entitled thereto. Any interest or other income produced by
the investment  of the Merger Consideration by the Paying Agent will be
payable to the  Acquisition Sub or Parent, as Parent directs.   (b)
Exchange Procedures. As soon as practicable after the Effective  Time, Parent
shall cause the Paying Agent to mail to each holder of  record of a
Certificate (i) a form of letter of transmittal (which shall  specify that
delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to  the Certificates
shall pass, only upon proper delivery of the  Certificates to the Paying
Agent and which shall be in customary form and  contain customary
provisions)      10   and (ii) instructions for use in effecting the
surrender of the  Certificates in exchange for the Merger Consideration. Each
holder of  record of a Certificate shall, upon surrender to the Paying Agent
of such  Certificate, be entitled to receive in exchange therefor an amount
of  cash equal to the product of the Merger Consideration and the number of 
shares of Company Common Stock previously represented by such  Certificate,
and the Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith be  canceled. In the event
of a transfer of ownership of Company Common Stock  which is not registered
in the transfer records of the Company, payment  of the Merger Consideration
may be made to a person other than the person  in whose name the Certificate
so surrendered is registered if such  Certificate shall be properly endorsed
or otherwise be in proper form for  transfer and the person requesting such
payment shall pay any transfer or  other taxes required by reason of the
payment of the Merger Consideration  to a person other than the registered
holder of such Certificate or  establish to the satisfaction of Parent that
such tax has been paid or is  not applicable. Subject to the proviso to the
first sentence of Section  3.02(c), until surrendered as contemplated by this
Section 3.02(b), each  Certificate shall be deemed at any time after the
Effective Time to  represent only the right to receive upon such surrender
the Merger  Consideration which the holder thereof has the right to receive
in  respect of such Certificate pursuant to this Article III. No interest 
shall be paid or will accrue on any cash payable to holders of  Certificates
pursuant to the provisions of this Article III.   (c) No Further Ownership
Rights in Company Common Stock. All cash  paid upon the surrender of
Certificates in accordance with the terms of  this Article III shall be
deemed to have been paid in full satisfaction  of all rights pertaining to
the shares of Company Common Stock formerly  represented by such
Certificates, provided, however, to the Surviving  Corporation\'s obligation
to pay any dividends or make any other  distributions with a record date
prior to the Effective Time which may  have been declared or made by the
Company in accordance with the terms of  this Agreement on or prior to the
date of this Agreement in respect of  such      11   shares of Company
Common Stock that remain unpaid at the Effective Time.  At the close of
business on the day on which the Effective Time occurs,  the stock transfer
books of the Company shall be closed, and there shall  be no further
registration of transfers on the stock transfer books of  the Surviving
Corporation of the shares of Company Common Stock that were  outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time. If, after the  Effective Time, any
Certificate is presented to the Surviving Corporation  or the Paying Agent
for any reason, it shall be canceled against delivery  of cash to the holder
thereof as provided in this Article III.   (d) Lost Certificates. If any
Certificate shall have been lost,  stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an
affidavit of that fact by the  person claiming such Certificate to be lost,
stolen or destroyed and, if  required by Parent, the posting by such person
of a bond in such  reasonable and customary amount as Parent may direct as
indemnity against  any claim that may be made against it with respect to such
Certificate,  the Paying Agent shall deliver in exchange for such lost,
stolen or  destroyed Certificate the applicable Merger Consideration with
respect  thereto.   (e) No Liability. None of Parent, Acquisition Sub, the
Company, the  Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent shall be liable to
any person  in respect of any cash delivered to a public official pursuant to
any  applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law. If any
Certificate  shall not have been surrendered prior to the date on which any
Merger  Consideration would otherwise escheat to or become the property of
any  Governmental Entity, any such Merger Consideration shall, to the
extent  permitted by applicable law, become the property of Parent, free
and  clear of all claims or interest of any person previously entitled 
thereto.   (f) Withholding Rights. Parent, the Surviving Corporation and
the  Paying Agent shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the 
consideration otherwise payable to any holder of Company Common Stock 
pursuant to this Agreement such amounts as may be required to be deducted 
and withheld with respect to the making of such payment under the  Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), or under any  provision of
state, local or      12   foreign tax law. To the extent amounts are so
withheld by Parent, the  Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent, the
withheld amounts shall be  treated for all purposes of this Agreement as
having been paid to the  holder of Company Common Stock in respect of which
the deduction and  withholding was made.    ARTICLE IV   Representations
and Warranties   SECTION 4.01. Representations and Warranties of the
Company. Except as set forth in the Company SEC Documents (as defined in
Section 4.01(d)) filed and publicly available after December 31, 2001 and
prior to the date of this Agreement (the "Company Filed SEC Documents") or on
the disclosure schedule delivered by the Company to Parent prior to the
execution of this Agreement (the "Company Disclosure Schedule"), the Company
represents and warrants to Parent and Acquisition Sub as follows:   (a)
Organization and Power. The Company and each of its subsidiaries is duly
organized and validly existing under the laws of its jurisdiction
of incorporation or organization, has all requisite corporate power and
authority to conduct its business as presently conducted and is duly
qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the nature of
its business or the ownership or leasing of its properties makes such
qualification necessary, except where failures thereof, individually or in
the aggregate, would not have a material adverse effect on the Company. The
Company has made available to Parent true and complete copies of its articles
of incorporation and by-laws, in each case as amended through the date of
this Agreement.   (b) Capital Structure. The authorized capital stock of the
Company consists of 40,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock and 4,000,000
shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company
("Company Preferred Stock"). At the close of business on August 13, 2002, (A)
10,885,939 shares of Company Common Stock were issued and outstanding, (B) no
shares of Company Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding, (C) 1,000,000
shares of Company Common Stock were reserved      13  for issuance
pursuant to the 1999 CTB International Corp. Stock Incentive Plan (the
"Company Stock Incentive Plan"), of which 372,000 shares were subject
to outstanding Company Stock Options (as defined below) and (D) 587,938
shares were subject to other option agreements (the "Company Option
Agreements"). Other than as set forth above, at the close of business on
August 13, 2002, there were no shares of capital stock or other voting
securities of the Company issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding, and
there were no options, warrants or other rights to acquire from the Company
any such stock or securities. Since August 13, 2002, (x) there have been no
issuances by the Company of shares of capital stock or other voting
securities of the Company other than issuances of shares of Company Common
Stock pursuant to the exercise of options granted pursuant to the Company
Stock Incentive Plan or the Company Option Agreements to purchase Company
Common Stock (collectively, the "Company Stock Options") outstanding at such
date and (y) there have been no issuances by the Company of options, warrants
or other rights to acquire shares of capital stock or other voting securities
from the Company. All outstanding shares of Company Common Stock are, and any
shares of Company Common Stock which may be issued upon the exercise of
Company Stock Options when issued will be, validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable, and not subject to preemptive rights. Other than as set forth
above, there are no outstanding securities, options, warrants, calls, rights,
commitments, agreements, derivative contracts or undertakings of any kind to
which the Company or any subsidiary of the Company is a party, or by which
the Company or any subsidiary of the Company is bound, obligating the Company
or any subsidiary of the Company to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be
issued, delivered or sold, additional shares of capital stock or other
voting securities of the Company or of any subsidiary of the Company or
obligating the Company or any subsidiary of the Company to issue, grant,
extend or enter into any such security, option, warrant, call, right,
commitment, agreement or undertaking, or obligating the Company to make any
payment based on or resulting from the value or price or change in value or
price of any such security, option, warrant, call, right, commitment,
agreement or undertaking. There are no outstanding contractual obligations of
the Company or any of its subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise
acquire any      14  shares of capital stock of the Company or any of
its subsidiaries.   (c) Authorization; Non-contravention. (i) The Company
has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this
Agreement and, subject to obtaining the Company Shareholder Approval (as
defined in Section 4.01(n)), to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby. The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the
consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby have been
duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the
Company, subject to obtaining the Company Shareholder Approval with respect
to the Merger. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the
Company and, assuming this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding
obligation of each of Parent and Acquisition Sub, enforceable against each of
Parent and Acquisition Sub in accordance with its terms, this Agreement
constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable
against the Company in accordance with its terms (except insofar as
enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors\' rights
generally, or by principles governing the availability of equitable
remedies). The Board of Directors of the Company, at a meeting duly called
and held, duly unanimously adopted resolutions (A) determining that the terms
of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby are fair to and
in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders, (B) adopting this
Agreement, (C) approving the terms of the Shareholders Agreement and (D)
recommending that the Company\'s shareholders approve this Agreement, which
resolutions have not been modified, supplemented or rescinded and remain in
full force and effect as of the date of this Agreement.   (ii) The
execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement do not, and the
consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby will not,
conflict with, or result in any breach or violation of, or default (with or
without notice or lapse of time or both) under, or result in the termination
of, or accelerate the performance required by, or give rise to a right of
termination, cancelation or acceleration of any obligation under, or the
creation of a claim, lien, encumbrance, pledge or security     
15  interest (a "Lien") pursuant to, (A) the articles of incorporation or
by-laws of the Company or comparable organizational documents of any
subsidiary of the Company or (B) subject to obtaining or making the consents,
approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings
referred to in the following sentence, any loan or credit agreement, note,
mortgage, indenture, lease or other agreement, obligation, instrument,
permit, concession, franchise, license, judgment, order, decree, statute,
law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or any
subsidiary of the Company or their respective properties or assets, in any
case under this clause (B) which, individually or in the aggregate, would
have a material adverse effect on the Company. No consent, approval, order or
authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with, any court,
administrative agency or commission or other governmental authority or
instrumentality (a "Governmental Entity") is required by or with respect to
the Company or any subsidiary of the Company in connection with the execution
and delivery of this Agreement by the Company or the consummation by the
Company of the transactions contemplated hereby, except for (A) the filing
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") of (1) a proxy
statement relating to the meeting (the "Company Shareholders Meeting") of the
shareholders of the Company duly called and convened to consider the approval
of this Agreement (such proxy statement as amended or supplemented from time
to time, the "Proxy Statement"), and (2) such reports under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder (the "Exchange Act"), as may be required in connection with this
Agreement and the other transactions contemplated hereby, (B) the filing of
the Articles of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Indiana in
accordance with Section 23-1-40-5 of the IBCL and the filing of appropriate
documents with the relevant authorities of other states in which the Company
is qualified to do business, (C) filings required pursuant to the Hart-Scott-
Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder (the "HSR Act") and any other applicable
filings and approvals under similar foreign antitrust laws and regulations,
(D) those required under the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq National
Market, (E) filings necessary to satisfy the applicable requirements of
state      16  securities or "blue sky" laws, and (F) such other
consents, approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations and
filings, the failure of which to be obtained or made, individually or in the
aggregate, would not have a material adverse effect on the Company and would
not prevent or materially impede or delay the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby.   (d) SEC Documents; Financial Statements;
Undisclosed Liabilities. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms,
statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company with the
SEC since January 1, 2001 (the "Company SEC Documents"). As of their
respective dates, the Company SEC Documents complied in all material respects
with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the "Securities Act"), or the
Exchange Act, as the case may be, applicable to such Company SEC Documents.
None of the Company SEC Documents when filed contained any untrue statement
of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial
statements of the Company included in the Company SEC Documents comply as to
form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the
published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto in effect at
the time of filing, have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles ("GAAP") (except, in the case of unaudited statements,
as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC) applied on a consistent basis during
the periods involved (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and
fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position
of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and
the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods
then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end
audit adjustments). Except as set forth in the Company Filed SEC Documents or
for liabilities incurred in connection with this Agreement or in the ordinary
course of business after the date of this Agreement, neither the Company nor
any of its subsidiaries has any liabilities or obligations of any nature
(whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise) which,     
17  individually or in the aggregate, would have a material adverse effect
on the Company.   (e) Information Supplied. None of the information
supplied or to be supplied by the Company for inclusion or incorporation by
reference in the Proxy Statement will, at the date the Proxy Statement is
first mailed to the shareholders of the Company or at the time of the Company
Shareholders Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading. The Proxy Statement will comply as to
form in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act,
except that no representation or warranty is made by the Company with respect
to statements made or incorporated by reference therein based on information
supplied by or on behalf of Parent or Acquisition Sub specifically for
inclusion or incorporation by reference therein.   (f) Absence of Certain
Changes or Events. Since June 30, 2002, the Company has conducted its
business only in the ordinary course, and during such period there has not
been:   (i) any state of facts, change, effect, event, occurrence or 
development which, individually or in the aggregate, would have a  material
adverse effect on the Company;   (ii) any declaration, setting aside or
payment of any dividend or  other distribution (whether in cash, stock or
property) with respect to  any shares of capital stock of the Company or any
repurchase for value by  the Company of any shares of capital stock of the
Company, other than (A)  in connection with the exercise of any Company Stock
Option where the  exercise price thereof is paid in whole or in part in the
form of shares  of Company Common Stock or (B) in connection with the
exercise of any  Company Stock Option for purposes of satisfying tax
withholding  obligations;   (iii) any split, combination or
reclassification of any shares of  capital stock of the Company or
any      18   issuance or the authorization of any issuance of any
other securities in  respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of
capital stock of  the Company;   (iv) (A) any granting by the Company or
any subsidiary of the  Company to any director or executive officer of the
Company or any  subsidiary of the Company of any increase in compensation,
except in the  ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or
as required  to satisfy contractual obligations that are existing as of the
date of  this Agreement, (B) any granting by the Company or any subsidiary of
the  Company to any such director or executive officer of any increase in 
severance or termination pay, except as required to satisfy contractual 
obligations that are existing as of the date of this Agreement, (C) any 
entry by the Company or any subsidiary of the Company into any  employment,
severance or termination agreement with any such director or  executive
officer, (D) other than as required by law, any entry into or  amendment in
any material respect of, (1) any collective bargaining  agreement, except in
connection with renegotiations of any expired or  expiring collective
bargaining agreement in the ordinary course of  business, or (2) any Company
Benefit Plan, except in the ordinary course  of business consistent with past
practice, or (E) any taking of any  action to accelerate any rights or
benefits, or making of any material  determinations not in the ordinary
course of business consistent with  past practice, under any collective
bargaining agreement or Company  Benefit Plan;   (v) any change in
accounting methods, principles or practices by the  Company or any subsidiary
of the Company materially affecting the  reported consolidated assets,
liabilities or results of operations of the  Company, except insofar as may
have been required by a change in GAAP; or   (vi) any material election with
respect to taxes by the Company or  any subsidiary of the Company or
settlement or compromise by the Company  or any subsidiary of the Company of
any material tax liability or refund.      19   (g) Compliance with
Laws; Litigation. The Company and its  subsidiaries hold all permits,
licenses, registrations, variances,  exemptions, authorizations, orders and
approvals of all Governmental  Entities (the "Company Permits") that are
required for them to own, lease  or operate their properties and assets and
to carry on their businesses  as presently conducted, and there has occurred
no default under any such  Company Permit, except for failures to hold
Company Permits or defaults  under Company Permits which, individually or in
the aggregate, would not  have a material adverse effect on the Company. The
Company and its  subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable statutes,
laws,  ordinances, rules, orders and regulations of any Governmental
Entity,  except for instances of noncompliance which, individually or in
the  aggregate, would not have a material adverse effect on the Company.
There  are no suits, actions or proceedings pending or threatened, against
the  Company or any subsidiary of the Company which, individually or in the 
aggregate, would have a material adverse effect on the Company, nor are 
there any judgments, decrees, injunctions, rules or orders of any 
Governmental Entity or arbitrator outstanding against the Company or any 
subsidiary of the Company which, individually or in the aggregate, are 
having a material adverse effect on the Company. This Section 4.01(g)  does
not apply to environmental matters, tax matters and labor and  benefit
matters, which are exclusively the subject of Section 4.01(j),  Section
4.01(h) and Sections 4.01(k) and (l), respectively.   (h) Taxes. The Company
has timely filed all material tax returns  required to be filed by it, has
timely paid (or caused to be timely paid)  all material taxes shown as due
and payable on all such tax returns, and  has paid (or caused to be paid) all
other material taxes as are due. No  tax return of the Company is under audit
or examination by any taxing  authority, and no written notice of such an
audit or examination has been  received by the Company, except for such
audits or examinations which,  individually or in the aggregate, would not
have a material adverse  effect on the Company.   (i) Certain Agreements.
Neither the Company nor any of its  subsidiaries is in breach of or default
under any material agreement,  commitment, lease or other instrument to which
it or any of its  properties is subject      20   and there has not
occurred any event that, with the giving of notice or  the lapse of time or
both, would constitute such a breach or default by  the Company or any of its
subsidiaries or a breach thereof or default  thereunder by any other party
thereto, except in all cases where such  defaults or breaches, individually
or in the aggregate, would not have a  material adverse effect on the
Company.   (j) Environmental Matters. Except for items referred to below
which,  individually or in the aggregate, would not have a material adverse 
effect on the Company:   (i) the Company and its subsidiaries are in
compliance with all  Environmental Laws;   (ii) the Company and its
subsidiaries have obtained and are in  compliance with all Environmental
Permits;   (iii) there are no Environmental Claims pending or threatened 
against the Company or any of its subsidiaries; and   (iv) none of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries has entered  into or received any decree
or order under, or is subject to any  judgment, decree or order pursuant to,
any Environmental Law.   (k) Labor Matters. (i) There are no representation
or certification  proceedings, or petitions seeking a representation
proceeding, pending or  threatened to be brought or filed with the National
Labor Relations Board  or any other labor relations tribunal or authority and
(ii) there are no  organizing activities involving the Company or any of its
subsidiaries  with respect to any group of employees of the Company or its 
subsidiaries, in the case of each of clause (i) and (ii) which,  individually
or in the aggregate, would have a material adverse effect on  the
Company.   (l) Benefit Plans; Benefit Agreements. (i) Section 4.01(l) of
the  Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and complete list of
each  material "employee benefit plan" (as defined in Section 3(3) of the 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"))  and
each other material compensation, bonus, pension, profit sharing,  deferred
compensation, stock      21   ownership, stock purchase, stock option,
phantom stock, retirement,  welfare, collective bargaining, severance,
disability, death benefit,  hospitalization and medical plan, program, policy
or arrangement  maintained or contributed to (or required to be contributed
to) for the  benefit of any current or former director, officer or employee
of the  Company or any of its subsidiaries and with respect to which the
Company  or any of its subsidiaries would reasonably be expected to have
direct or  contingent liability, other than statutorily mandated benefit
programs  (the "Company Benefit Plans"). There exist no employment,
retention,  deferred compensation, severance, termination or
indemnification  agreements or arrangements between the Company or any of
its  subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any current or former director, 
officer or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, on the  other
hand ("Company Benefit Agreements").   (ii) (A) None of the Company Benefit
Plans is a "multiemployer plan"  within the meaning of Section 3(37) of ERISA
or is otherwise subject  to Title IV of ERISA, (B) none of the Company
Benefit Plans (other  than coverage mandated under applicable law) provides
retiree  medical or life insurance benefits to any person, (C) each Company 
Benefit Plan has been administered in compliance with its terms and  the
applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and all other  applicable laws,
rules and regulations except for any failures to so  administer, individually
or in the aggregate, as would not have a  material adverse effect on the
Company, (D) neither the Company nor  any entity required to be treated as a
single employer with the  Company under Section 414 of the Code has any
unsatisfied  liabilities under Title IV of ERISA which, individually or in
the  aggregate, would have a material adverse effect on the Company, (E) 
there are no pending or threatened investigations, claims or  lawsuits in
respect of any Company Benefit Plan which, individually  or in the aggregate,
would have a material adverse effect on the  Company, and (F) except as
provided in Section 6.06, no current or  former director, officer or employee
of the Company or any of its  subsidiaries will become entitled to any
material       payment, benefit or right, or any materially increased
and/or  accelerated payment, benefit or right, as a result of the execution 
of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions  contemplated
hereby.   (m) Subsidiaries. The Company has previously made available to 
Parent a list of all the subsidiaries of the Company as of the date of  this
Agreement and their respective jurisdictions of organization. All  the shares
of capital stock of each of the subsidiaries of the Company  are validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable (in each jurisdiction  that recognizes
such legal concept) and (except for directors\' qualifying  shares, if any)
are owned by the Company, another subsidiary of the  Company or the Company
and another subsidiary of the Company, free and  clear of all Liens. Except
for the capital stock of its subsidiaries, the  Company does not own,
directly or indirectly, any capital stock or other  ownership interest in any
person.   (n) Vote Required. Under the IBCL and the Company\'s articles of 
incorporation, this Agreement must be approved by the affirmative vote of 
the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Company Common  Stock
(the "Company Shareholder Approval"). The Company Shareholder  Approval is
the only vote of the holders of any class or series of  capital stock of the
Company necessary to approve this Agreement and the  transactions
contemplated hereby.   (o) State Business Combination Statutes. Sections
23-1-43-1 through  23-1-43-24 of the IBCL are not applicable to this
Agreement, the Merger  and the other transactions contemplated hereby
pursuant to Article IX,  Section 9.4 of the articles of incorporation of the
Company as in effect  on the date of this Agreement.   (p) Brokers. No
broker, investment banker, financial advisor or  other person, other than
Bear, Stearns and Co. Inc., Credit Suisse First  Boston Corporation and George
K. Baum and Company, the fees and expenses of  which will be paid by the
Company, is entitled to any broker\'s, finder\'s,  financial advisor\'s or
other similar fee or commission in connection with  the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements  made by or
on      23   behalf of the Company. True and correct copies of the
Company\'s  arrangements with Bear, Stearns and Co. Inc., Credit Suisse First
Boston  Corporation and George K. Baum and Company (the "Broker Agreements")
have  been delivered to Parent prior to the date of this Agreement.   (q)
Opinion of Financial Advisor. The Company has received the  opinion of each
of Bear, Stearns and Co. Inc., Credit Suisse First Boston  Corporation and
George K. Baum and Company, dated as of the date of this  Agreement, to the
effect that, as of the date of such opinion and based  upon and subject to
the matters stated therein, the consideration to be  received by holders of
Company Common Stock in the Merger is fair to such  holders from a financial
point of view.   SECTION 4.02. Representations and Warranties of Parent
and Acquisition Sub. Parent and Acquisition Sub represent and warrant to
the Company as follows:   (a) Organization and Power. Each of Parent and
Acquisition Sub is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and, only
in the case of Parent is a corporation in good standing, under the laws of
its jurisdiction of incorporation. Each of Parent and Acquisition Sub has all
requisite corporate power and authority to conduct its business as presently
conducted and is duly qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in
which the nature of its business or the ownership or leasing of its
properties makes such qualification necessary, except where failures thereof,
individually or in the aggregate, would not have a material adverse effect on
Parent.   (b) Authorization; Non-contravention. Each of Parent and
Acquisition Sub has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute
and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby. The execution and delivery by Parent and Acquisition Sub of this
Agreement and the consummation by Parent and Acquisition Sub of the
transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action on the part of Parent and Acquisition Sub. This Agreement
has been duly executed and delivered by each of Parent and Acquisition Sub
and, assuming this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding
obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with
its      24  terms, this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and
binding obligation of each of Parent and Acquisition Sub, enforceable against
each of Parent and Acquisition Sub in accordance with its terms (except, in
each case, insofar as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar law affecting creditors\'
rights generally, or by principles governing the availability of equitable
remedies). The execution and delivery by Parent and Acquisition Sub of this
Agreement does not, and the consummation by Parent and Acquisition Sub of
the transactions contemplated hereby will not, conflict with, or result in
any breach or violation of, or default (with or without notice or lapse of
time or both) under, or result in the termination of, or accelerate the
performance required by, or give rise to a right of termination, cancelation
or acceleration of any obligation under, or the creation of a Lien pursuant
to, (i) the certificate of incorporation or by-laws (or other
comparable organizational documents) of Parent or Acquisition Sub or (ii)
subject to obtaining or making the consents, approvals, orders,
authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings referred to in the
following sentence, any loan or credit agreement, note, mortgage, indenture,
lease or other agreement, obligation, instrument, permit, concession,
franchise, license, judgment, order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or
regulation applicable to Parent or Acquisition Sub or their respective
properties or assets, in any case under this clause (ii) which, individually
or in the aggregate, would have a material adverse effect on Parent. No
consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration, declaration or
filing with, any Governmental Entity is required by or with respect to Parent
or Acquisition Sub in connection with the execution and delivery of
this Agreement by Parent and Acquisition Sub or the consummation by Parent
and Acquisition Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby, except for (A)
the filing with the SEC of such reports under the Exchange Act as may be
required in connection with this Agreement and the other transactions
contemplated hereby, (B) the filing of the Articles of Merger with the
Secretary of State of the State of Indiana in accordance with Section
23-1-40-5 of the IBCL and the filing of appropriate documents with the
relevant authorities of other states in which the Company is qualified to do
business, (C) filings required pursuant to the HSR Act and any other
applicable filings and approvals      25  under similar foreign
antitrust laws and regulations and (D) such other consents, approvals,
orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings the failure
of which to be obtained or made, individually or in the aggregate, would not
have a material adverse effect on Parent.   (c) Information Supplied. None
of the information supplied or to be supplied by or on behalf of Parent or
Acquisition Sub for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Proxy
Statement will, at the date the Proxy Statement is first mailed to
shareholders of the Company or at the time of the Company Shareholders
Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading.   (d) No Business Activities; No Ownership Interests. Since
the date of its incorporation, Acquisition Sub has not carried on any
business or conducted any operations other than the execution of this
Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder. Acquisition Sub
does not have any assets or liabilities nor does it own, directly or
indirectly, any capital stock or other ownership interest in any person.  
(e) Brokers. No broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other person
is entitled to any broker\'s, finder\'s, financial advisor\'s or other
similar fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Parent.  
(f) Financing. Parent has or will have available, prior to the Effective
Time, sufficient cash in immediately available funds to pay the aggregate
Merger Consideration pursuant to Article III and to consummate, on the terms
contemplated hereby, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated
hereby.        ARTICLE V   Covenants Relating to Conduct of
Business   SECTION 5.01. Covenants of the Company. During the period from
the date of this Agreement until the Effective Time, the Company agrees as
to itself and its subsidiaries that (except as consented to in writing by
Parent (not to be unreasonably withheld), as expressly contemplated, required
or permitted by this Agreement or as set forth in the Company
Disclosure Schedule):   (a) Ordinary Course; Capital Expenditures. The
Company shall, and shall cause each of its subsidiaries to, carry on their
respective businesses in the usual, regular and ordinary course substantially
consistent with past practice in all material respects and use all reasonable
efforts to preserve intact their present business organizations, maintain
their rights and franchises, keep available the services of their current
officers and employees and preserve their relationships with customers,
suppliers and others having business dealings with them to the end that their
goodwill and ongoing businesses shall be unimpaired at the Effective Time.
The Company shall not, nor shall it permit any of its subsidiaries to, enter
into any material new line of business, or incur or commit to any capital
expenditures, or any obligations or liabilities in connection with any
capital expenditures, other than capital expenditures and obligations or
liabilities incurred or committed to that are not in excess of $6,100,000, in
the aggregate.   (b) Dividends; Changes in Stock. The Company shall not, nor
shall it permit any of its subsidiaries to (i) declare, set aside or pay any
dividends on, or make other distributions in respect of, any of its capital
stock, other than dividends and distributions by a direct or indirect wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company to its parent, (ii) split, combine or
reclassify any of its capital stock or issue or authorize the issuance of any
other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of
its capital stock or (iii) purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares
of its capital stock, other than (A) in connection with the exercise of any
Company Stock Option where the exercise price thereof is paid in whole or in
part in the form of      27  shares of Company Common Stock and (B) in
connection with the exercise of any Company Stock Option for purposes of
satisfying tax withholding obligations.   (c) Issuance of Securities. The
Company shall not, nor shall it permit any of its subsidiaries to, issue,
deliver or sell, or authorize the issuance, delivery or sale of, any shares
of its capital stock of any class or any securities convertible into or
exchangeable for, or any rights, warrants or options to acquire, any of the
foregoing, or enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing,
other than the issuance of Company Common Stock upon the exercise of Company
Stock Options that are outstanding on the date of this Agreement.   (d)
Governing Documents. The Company shall not amend or propose to amend, nor
shall it permit any of its subsidiaries to amend, its articles
of incorporation or by-laws or other comparable organizational documents,
except, in the case of any subsidiary of the Company, for such amendments to
its articles of incorporation or by-laws or other comparable
organizational documents that do not have an adverse effect on the Merger or
the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (e) No
Acquisitions. The Company shall not, nor shall it permit any of its
subsidiaries to, acquire or agree to acquire (i) by merging or consolidating
with, or by purchasing a substantial equity interest in or a substantial
portion of the assets of, any corporation, partnership, association or other
business organization or any division or business thereof (provided that any
wholly owned subsidiary of the Company may merge into or consolidate with any
other wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) or (ii) any assets, except in
the case of clause (ii) above, purchases of inventory, supplies and raw
materials in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice.   (f) No Dispositions. The Company shall not, nor shall it permit
any of its subsidiaries to, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of, or subject
to any Lien, any properties or assets (including capital stock of
subsidiaries) which are material to the Company and its subsidiaries taken as
a whole, except sales of inventory      28  and excess or obsolete
assets in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice.  
(g) Indebtedness. The Company shall not, nor shall it permit any of its
subsidiaries to, (A) incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee
any such indebtedness of another person, issue or sell any debt securities or
warrants or rights to acquire any debt securities of the Company or any of
its subsidiaries, except for (i) short-term borrowings incurred in the
ordinary course of business, (ii) revolving credit borrowings under
the Company\'s existing credit and accounts receivable facilities,
(iii) indebtedness incurred in connection with the issuance of letters of
credit for the account of the Company in the ordinary course of business and
drawings thereunder, (iv) the guarantee by the Company or any of its wholly-
owned subsidiaries of any obligations of any wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Company and (v) any indebtedness or guarantees which are, individually or in
the aggregate, not material to the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a
whole or (B) make loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments
in, any person other than the Company or any direct or indirect wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company.   (h) Other Actions. The Company shall
not, nor shall it permit any of its subsidiaries to, take any action that
would result in (i) any of the representations and warranties of the Company
set forth in this Agreement that are qualified as to materiality or material
adverse effect becoming untrue, (ii) any of such representations and
warranties that are not so qualified becoming untrue in any material respect
or (iii) any of the conditions to the Merger set forth in Article VII not
being satisfied. The Company shall not, nor shall it permit any of its
subsidiaries to, amend or modify any of the Broker Agreements or enter into
any similar arrangements.   (i) Advice of Changes. The Company shall advise
Parent of any change or event which would cause or constitute a material
breach of any of its representations and warranties contained in this
Agreement.   (j) No General Authorization, Etc. The Company shall not, nor
shall it permit any of its subsidiaries to,      29  authorize any of,
or commit or agree to take any of, the actions that are prohibited by the
foregoing covenants.   SECTION 5.02. Covenants of Parent and Acquisition
Sub. During the period from the date of this Agreement until the Effective
Time, each of Parent and Acquisition Sub agrees that:   (a) Other Actions.
It shall not take any action that would result in (i) any of its
representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement that are qualified
as to materiality or material adverse effect becoming untrue, (ii) any of
such representations and warranties that are not so qualified becoming untrue
in any material respect or (iii) any of the conditions to the Merger set
forth in Article VII not being satisfied.   (b) Advice of Changes. It shall
advise the Company of any change or event which would cause or constitute a
material breach of any of its representations or warranties contained in this
Agreement.   SECTION 5.03. No Solicitation. (a) The Company shall not, nor
shall it permit any of its subsidiaries to, nor shall it authorize any
director, officer or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or
any investment banker, attorney or other advisor or representative of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, (and it
shall affirmatively direct each of the foregoing not to) (i) solicit,
initiate or encourage the submission of any Takeover Proposal or (ii) enter
into, continue or otherwise participate in any discussions or negotiations
regarding, or furnish to any person any information with respect to, or
otherwise cooperate in any way with, any Takeover Proposal.   (b) The Board
of Directors of the Company shall not (i) withdraw (or modify in a manner
adverse to Parent) or propose publicly to withdraw (or modify in a manner
adverse to Parent) the recommendation by such Board of Directors of this
Agreement or the Merger to the shareholders of the Company, or resolve or
agree to take any such action, (ii) adopt or approve, or propose publicly to
adopt or approve, any Takeover Proposal, or resolve or agree to take any such
action or (iii) cause or permit the Company to enter into any letter of
intent, memorandum of      30  understanding, agreement in principle,
acquisition agreement, merger agreement, option agreement, joint venture
agreement, partnership agreement or other agreement (an "Acquisition
Agreement") constituting or related to, or which is intended to or would
reasonably lead to, any Takeover Proposal or resolve or agree to take any
such action.   (c) In addition to the obligations of the Company set forth
in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 5.03, the Company shall promptly
advise Parent orally and in writing of any Takeover Proposal or any inquiry,
known to the Board of Directors or the officers of the Company, that the
Company reasonably believes would lead to a Takeover Proposal, the material
terms and conditions of such Takeover Proposal or inquiry and the identity of
the person making any such Takeover Proposal or inquiry. The Company shall
keep Parent informed in all material respects as to the status and details
(including material amendments or proposed amendments) of any such Takeover
Proposal or inquiry.   (d) Nothing contained in this Section 5.03 shall
prohibit the Company from making any disclosure to the Company\'s
shareholders if, in the good faith judgment of the Board of Directors of the
Company, after consultation with counsel, failure to do so would create a
risk of liability for breach of the obligations of the Board of Directors of
the Company under applicable law; provided, however, that in no event shall
the Company or its Board of Directors or any committee thereof take, agree or
resolve to take, any action prohibited by Section 5.03(b).    ARTICLE
VI   Additional Agreements   SECTION 6.01. Preparation of the Proxy
Statement. (a) As soon as practicable following the date of this Agreement,
the Company shall prepare and file with the SEC the Proxy Statement. Each of
the parties shall furnish all information concerning itself and its
affiliates that is required to be included in the Proxy Statement or that is
customarily included in proxy statements prepared in connection with
transactions of the      31  type contemplated by this Agreement. The
Company shall use its reasonable efforts to cause the Proxy Statement to be
mailed to the Company\'s shareholders as promptly as practicable after filing
with the SEC. No filing of, or amendment or supplement to, the Proxy
Statement will be made by the Company without providing Parent the
opportunity to review and comment thereon. The Company shall advise Parent,
promptly after it receives notice thereof, of any request by the SEC for any
amendment to the Proxy Statement or comments thereon and responses thereto or
requests by the SEC for additional information. If at any time prior to the
Effective Time any information relating to the Company or Parent, or any of
their respective directors, officers or affiliates, should be discovered by
the Company or Parent which should be set forth in an amendment or supplement
to the Proxy Statement, so that the Proxy Statement would not include any
misstatement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading, the party which discovers such information
shall promptly notify the other parties and an appropriate amendment or
supplement describing such information shall be promptly filed with the SEC
and, to the extent required by law, disseminated to the shareholders of the
Company.   SECTION 6.02. Access to Information. The Company shall, and
shall cause each of its subsidiaries to, afford to Parent and to its
officers, employees, accountants, counsel and other representatives,
reasonable access, during normal business hours during the period prior to
the Effective Time, to their respective properties, books, records and
personnel and, during such period, the Company shall, and shall cause each of
its subsidiaries to, furnish promptly to Parent (a) a copy of each report,
schedule, registration statement and other document filed or received by it
during such period pursuant to the requirements of federal or state
securities laws and (b) such other information concerning its business,
properties and personnel as Parent may reasonably request. All such
information shall constitute Evaluation Material (as such term is defined in
the Confidentiality Agreement dated as of August 14, 2002, between the
Company and Parent (the "Confidentiality Agreement")) and shall be subject
thereto as provided therein, and Parent shall, and shall cause its advisors
and representatives who receive      32  Evaluation Material to agree
to, hold all such Evaluation Material in confidence to the extent required
by, and in accordance with, the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement.  
SECTION 6.03. Company Shareholders Meeting. The Company shall, as promptly as
practicable after the date of this Agreement, (a) duly call, give notice of,
convene and hold the Company Shareholders Meeting for the purpose of
obtaining the Company Shareholder Approval and (b) through its Board
of Directors, recommend to its shareholders that they grant the
Company Shareholder Approval.   SECTION 6.04. Reasonable Best Efforts.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each of the Company
and Parent shall, and shall cause its subsidiaries to, use its reasonable
best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause
to be done, and to assist and cooperate with the other parties in doing, all
things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including
(i) the obtaining of any necessary consent, authorization, order or approval
of, or any exemption by, any Governmental Entity and/or any other public or
private third party which is required to be obtained by such party or any of
its affiliates in connection with the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, and the making or obtaining of all necessary
filings and registrations with respect thereto, including filings required
under the HSR Act, (ii) the defending of any lawsuits or other legal
proceedings challenging this Agreement and (iii) the execution and delivery
of any additional instruments necessary to consummate the transactions
contemplated by, and to fully carry out the purposes of, this Agreement.  
SECTION 6.05. Benefits Matters. (a) For a period of one year after the
Effective Time (the "Continuation Period"), the Surviving Corporation shall,
provide benefits to each employee of the Company or its subsidiaries who is
or becomes an employee of the Surviving Corporation or its subsidiaries on
and after the Effective Time so long as he or she remains an employee during
such period (each, a "Continued Employee") that are no less favorable in the
aggregate to such Continued Employee than those in effect immediately prior
to the Effective Time for      33  such Continued Employee. During the
Continuation Period, the Surviving Corporation shall provide base salaries,
annual commission and bonus opportunities, and long-term incentive
compensation opportunities to each Continued Employee which are no less
favorable in the aggregate to such Continued Employee than those in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time for such Continued Employee. The
parties acknowledge and understand that the Surviving Corporation and Parent
do not intend to provide equity incentive compensation opportunities and that
the foregoing obligations do not require the provision of any such
opportunities. With respect to any unused vacation or other time off to which
any Continued Employee is entitled as of the Effective Time, pursuant to the
terms of the vacation and other time off plans, programs, policies and
arrangements of the Company and its subsidiaries (as in effect immediately
prior to the Effective Time), the Surviving Corporation shall, following the
Effective Time, allow such Continued Employee to utilize such vacation or
other time off in accordance with such terms, without adverse amendment or
modification. During the Continuation Period, the Surviving Corporation shall
honor and continue the Company\'s severance and termination plans, programs
and policies as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, without
adverse amendment or modification. From and after the Effective Time, the
Surviving Corporation shall honor and maintain all provisions in the Company
Benefit Plans in accordance with their respective terms (as in effect at the
Effective Time), for vested benefits and other vested or guaranteed amounts
earned or accrued through the Effective Time.   (b) From and after the
Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall honor in accordance with
their respective terms (as in effect at the Effective Time), all Company
Benefit Agreements. Parent acknowledges and agrees that the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement when effected shall constitute a "change in
control" for purposes of all Company Benefit Plans and Company Benefit
Agreements.   (c) Subject to compliance with this Section 6.05, nothing
herein shall limit or prevent the Surviving Corporation from amending,
modifying or terminating any Company Benefit Plans or Company Benefit
Agreements in      34  accordance with the terms of such Company
Benefit Plans and Company Benefit Agreements and applicable law.   (d) To
the extent applicable, with respect to any employee benefit plan maintained
by the Surviving Corporation, for all purposes, including determining
eligibility to participate, level of benefits, benefit accrual and vesting,
service by Continued Employees with the Company or any of its subsidiaries
(or any predecessor employer of an employee of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, to the extent service with such predecessor employer
is recognized by the Company or any of its subsidiaries) shall be treated
as service with the Surviving Corporation or any of its subsidiaries;
provided, however, that such service need not be recognized to the extent
that such recognition would result in any duplication of benefits.   (e) To
the extent applicable, the Surviving Corporation shall waive, or cause to be
waived, any pre-existing condition limitation or actively-at-work requirement
under any welfare benefit plan maintained by the Surviving Corporation in
which Continued Employees (and their eligible dependents) will be eligible to
participate from and after the Effective Time, except to the extent that such
pre-existing condition limitation or actively-at-work requirement would have
been applicable under the comparable welfare benefit plan of the Company or
its subsidiaries immediately prior to the Effective Time. To the extent
applicable, the Surviving Corporation shall credit, or cause to be credited,
the dollar amount of all expenses incurred by each Continued Employee (and
his or her eligible dependents) during the plan year in which the Effective
Time occurs for purposes of satisfying such year\'s deductible and co-payment
limitations under the relevant welfare benefit plans in which they
participate from and after the Effective Time.   (f) Parent shall take all
necessary shareholder action to permit each of the obligations of the
Surviving Corporation in this Section 6.05 to be performed.   SECTION 6.06.
Stock-Based Compensation. (a) As soon as reasonably practicable following the
date of this Agreement, the Board of Directors of the Company (or, if
appropriate, any committee administering the Company Stock     
35  Incentive Plan) shall adopt resolutions or take such other actions as
may be required to adjust the terms of all outstanding Company Stock Options,
whether vested or unvested, as necessary to provide that each Company Stock
Option outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be
canceled effective immediately prior to the Effective Time, with the holder
thereof becoming entitled to receive an amount in cash equal to (i) the
excess, if any, of (1) the Merger Consideration over (2) the exercise price
per share of Company Common Stock subject to such Company Stock Option,
multiplied by (ii) the number of shares of Company Common Stock for which
such Company Stock Option shall not theretofore have been exercised. As of
the Effective Time, the Company Stock Incentive Plan shall terminate and all
rights under any provision of any other plan, program or arrangement
providing for the issuance or grant of any other interest in respect of the
capital stock of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company shall be
canceled. The Company shall take all actions necessary to ensure that, after
the Effective Time, no person shall have any right under the Company Stock
Incentive Plan or any other plan, program or arrangement with respect to
equity securities of the Company, or any subsidiary of the Company.   (b)
All amounts payable pursuant to Section 6.06(a) shall be subject to any
required withholding of taxes or proof of eligibility of exemption therefrom
and shall be paid without interest by the close of business on the day on
which the Effective Time occurs.   SECTION 6.07. Fees and Expenses. Whether
or not the Merger is consummated, all costs and expenses incurred in
connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall
be paid by the party incurring such costs or expenses, except that filing
fees and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, printing,
filing and mailing of the Proxy Statement shall be shared equally by Parent
and the Company.   SECTION 6.08. Indemnification and Exculpation. (a) From
and after the Effective Time, Parent shall, and shall cause the Surviving
Corporation to, indemnify, defend and hold harmless each person who is now,
or has been at any time prior to the date of this Agreement or who becomes
such prior to the Effective Time, an officer, director,     
36  agent, fiduciary or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
(the "Indemnified Persons") against (i) any and all losses, claims, damages,
costs, expenses, fines, liabilities or judgments or amounts that are paid
in settlement with the approval of the indemnifying party (which approval
shall not be unreasonably withheld) of or in connection with any claim,
action, suit, proceeding or investigation based in whole or in part on or
arising in whole or in part out of the fact that such person is or was a
director, officer, agent, fiduciary or employee of the Company or any of
its subsidiaries whether pertaining to any action or omission existing
or occurring at or prior to the Effective Time and whether asserted or
claimed prior to, or at or after, the Effective Time ("Indemnified
Liabilities"), and (ii) all Indemnified Liabilities based in whole or in part
on, or arising in whole or in part out of, or pertaining to this Agreement or
the transactions contemplated hereby; provided, however, that in the case of
the Surviving Corporation such indemnification shall only be to the fullest
extent a corporation is permitted under the IBCL to indemnify its own
directors, officers, agents, fiduciaries and employees, and in the case of
Parent, such indemnification shall not be limited by the IBCL but such
indemnification shall not be applicable to any claims made against the
Indemnified Persons (A) if a judgment or other final adjudication established
that their acts or omissions were committed in bad faith or were the result
of active and deliberate dishonesty and were material to the cause of action
so deliberated or (B) arising out of, based upon or attributable to the
gaining in fact of any financial profit or other advantage to which they were
not legally entitled. Parent and the Surviving Corporation, as the case may
be, will pay all expenses of each Indemnified Person in advance of the final
disposition of any such action or proceeding, in the case of the Surviving
Corporation only to the fullest extent permitted by law upon receipt of any
undertaking contemplated by Section 23-1-37-10 of the IBCL. Without limiting
the foregoing, in the event any such claim, action, suit, proceeding
or investigation is brought against any Indemnified Person (whether
arising before or after the Effective Time), (i) the Indemnified Persons may
retain counsel satisfactory to them and Parent and the Surviving Corporation,
(ii) Parent shall, and shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, pay all
reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel for the Indemnified Persons
promptly as statements therefor are received and      37  (iii) Parent
shall, and shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, use all reasonable
efforts to assist in the vigorous defense of any such matter, provided that
neither Parent nor the Surviving Corporation shall be liable for any
settlement of any claim effected without its written consent, which consent,
however, shall not be unreasonably withheld. Any Indemnified Person wishing
to claim indemnification under this Section 6.08(a), upon learning of any
such claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation, shall notify
Parent and the Surviving Corporation (but the failure so to notify an
indemnifying party shall not relieve it from any liability which it may have
under this Section 6.08(a) except to the extent such failure materially
prejudices such party), and shall deliver to Parent and the Surviving
Corporation the undertaking contemplated by Section 23-1-37-10 of the IBCL.
The Indemnified Persons as a group may retain only one law firm to represent
them with respect to each such matter unless there is, under applicable
standards of professional conduct, a conflict on any significant issue
between the positions of any two or more Indemnified Persons.   (b) The
parties agree that the provisions of this Section 6.08 are (i) intended to be
for the benefit of, and shall be enforceable by, each Indemnified Person and
each Indemnified Person\'s heirs and representatives and (ii) in addition to,
and not in substitution for, any other rights to indemnification or
contribution that any such person may have by contract or otherwise.  
SECTION 6.09. Transfer Taxes. Parent shall pay any state, local, foreign or
provincial tax (including penalties and interest imposed in connection
therewith) which is attributable to the transfer of the beneficial ownership
of the Company\'s or the Company\'s subsidiaries\' real property, if any,
payable in connection with the consummation of the Merger, and any
state, local, foreign or provincial tax (including penalties and interest
imposed in connection therewith) which is attributable to the transfer of
Company Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement.       ARTICLE VII  
Conditions Precedent   SECTION 7.01. Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation
to Effect the Merger. The respective obligations of each party to effect the
Merger shall be subject to the satisfaction or waiver at or prior to the
Effective Time of the following conditions:   (a) Company Shareholder
Approval. The Company Shareholder Approval shall have been obtained.   (b)
Antitrust. The waiting period applicable to the Merger under the HSR Act
shall have expired or been terminated. Any other consents or
approvals required to consummate the Merger (i) under any antitrust law of
the European Union or any member nation of the European Union or (ii) under
any other foreign antitrust law shall have been obtained, except in the case
of clause (ii) for those the failure of which to be obtained would not have a
material adverse effect on the Company.   (c) No Injunctions or Restraints;
Illegality. No temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent
injunction or other order or decree issued by any Governmental Entity of
competent jurisdiction enjoining or otherwise preventing the consummation of
the Merger shall be in effect.   SECTION 7.02. Conditions to Obligations of
Parent and Acquisition Sub to Effect the Merger. The obligations of Parent
and Acquisition Sub to effect the Merger is subject to the satisfaction of
the following conditions unless waived by Parent and Acquisition Sub:   (a)
Representations and Warranties. The representations and  warranties of the
Company set forth in this Agreement (i) to the extent  qualified by material
adverse effect, shall be true and correct and (ii)  to the extent not
qualified by material adverse effect, shall be true and  correct, except that
this clause (ii) shall be deemed satisfied so long  as any failures of such
representations and warranties to be true and  correct would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a material  adverse effect on the
Company, in each of cases (i) and (ii), as of the       Closing Date as
though made on and as of the Closing Date (except to the  extent any such
representations and warranties expressly relate to an  earlier date, in which
case as of such earlier date), and Parent shall  have received a certificate
to such effect signed on behalf of the  Company by its chief executive
officer or its chief financial officer.  Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary, the condition specified in this  Section 7.02(a) shall not apply to
the representation and warranty made  in Section 4.01(f)(i) on or after
September 19, 2001.   (b) Performance of Obligations of the Company. The
Company shall  have performed in all material respects all obligations
required to be  performed by it under this Agreement at or prior to the
Closing Date, and  Parent shall have received a certificate to such effect
signed on behalf  of the Company by its chief executive officer or its chief
financial  officer.   (c) No Litigation. There shall not be pending any
suit, action or  proceeding that has a substantial likelihood of success
brought by any  Governmental Entity (i) challenging the acquisition by Parent
or  Acquisition Sub of any shares of Company Common Stock, seeking to 
restrain or prohibit the consummation of the Merger, or seeking to obtain 
from the Company, Parent or any of their respective affiliates any  damages
that are material in relation to the Company and its  subsidiaries, taken as
a whole, (ii) seeking to prohibit or limit the  ownership or operation by the
Company, Parent or any of their respective  affiliates engaged in a line of
business currently engaged in by the  Company or its affiliates of any
portion of the business or assets of the  Company, Parent or any such
affiliate, or to require any such person to  divest or hold separate any
portion of its business or assets, as a  result of the Merger or any of the
other transactions contemplated by  this Agreement, (iii) seeking to impose
limitations on the ability of  Parent to acquire or hold, or exercise full
rights of ownership of, any  shares of Company Common Stock, including the
right to vote the Company  Common Stock on all matters properly presented to
the shareholders of the  Company or (iv) seeking to prohibit Parent
from      40   effectively controlling the business or operations of
the Company and its  subsidiaries.   SECTION 7.03. Conditions to Obligation
of the Company to Effect the Merger. The obligation of the Company to effect
the Merger is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions unless
waived by the Company:   (a) Representations and Warranties. The
representations and  warranties of Parent and Acquisition Sub set forth in
this Agreement (i)  to the extent qualified by material adverse effect, shall
be true and  correct and (ii) to the extent not qualified by material adverse
effect,  shall be true and correct, except that this clause (ii) shall be
deemed  satisfied so long as any failures of such representations and
warranties  to be true and correct do not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a  material adverse effect on Parent, in each of cases (i) and (ii), as
of  the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date (except
to  the extent any such representations and warranties expressly relate to
an  earlier date, in which case as of such earlier date), and the Company 
shall have received a certificate to such effect signed on behalf of  Parent
by an officer of Parent.   (b) Performance of Obligations of Parent and
Acquisition Sub. Each  of Parent and Acquisition Sub shall have performed in
all material  respects all obligations required to be performed by it under
this  Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date, and the Company shall have 
received a certificate to such effect signed on behalf of Parent by an 
officer of Parent.   SECTION 7.04. Frustration of Closing Conditions. None
of Parent, Acquisition Sub or the Company may rely on the failure of any
condition set forth in Section 7.01, 7.02 or 7.03, as the case may be, to be
satisfied if such failure was caused by such party\'s failure to use its
reasonable best efforts to consummate the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.      41   ARTICLE VIII   Termination
and Amendment   SECTION 8.01. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated
at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether before or after the
Company Shareholder Approval is received:   (a) by mutual written consent
of Parent and the Company;   (b) by either Parent or the Company upon
written notice to the other  party:   (i) if the Merger shall not have been
consummated on or before  January 31, 2003 (the "Outside Date"), unless the
failure to  consummate the Merger is the result of a material breach of
this  Agreement by the party seeking to terminate this Agreement;   (ii) if
any Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction shall  have issued a
permanent injunction or other order or decree  enjoining or otherwise
preventing the consummation of the Merger and  such injunction or other order
or decree shall have become final and  nonappealable; or   (iii) if, upon a
vote at a duly held Company Shareholders  Meeting, the Company Shareholder
Approval shall not have been  obtained;   (c) by Parent if the Company
shall have breached any of its  representations, warranties or covenants
contained in this Agreement,  which breach (i) would give rise to the failure
of a condition set forth  in Section 7.02(a) or 7.02(b) and (ii) has not been
or is incapable of  being cured by the Company within 30 business days after
its receipt of  written notice thereof from Parent; or      42   (d)
by the Company if Parent shall have breached any of its  representations,
warranties or covenants contained in this Agreement,  which breach (i) would
give rise to the failure of a condition set forth  in Section 7.03(a) or
7.03(b) and (ii) has not been or is incapable of  being cured by Parent
within 30 business days after its receipt of  written notice thereof from the
Company.   SECTION 8.02. Effect of Termination. In the event of termination
of this Agreement by either Parent or the Company as provided in Section
8.01, this Agreement shall forthwith become void and have no effect, and,
except to the extent that such termination results from the intentional and
material breach by a party of any of its representations, warranties,
covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement, there shall be no
liability or obligation on the part of Parent, Acquisition Sub or the
Company, except with respect to Section 4.01(p), Section 4.02(e), the second
sentence of Section 6.02, Section 6.07, this Section 8.02 and Article IX
(other than Section 9.06), which provisions shall survive such
termination.   SECTION 8.03. Amendment. This Agreement may be amended by
the parties at any time before or after the Company Shareholder Approval
is received, provided that after receipt of the Company Shareholder Approval,
no amendment shall be made which by law requires further approval by
the shareholders of the Company without such further approval. This Agreement
may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of
each of the parties.   SECTION 8.04. Extension; Waiver. At any time prior
to the Effective Time, the parties may, to the extent legally allowed, (a)
extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts
of the other parties, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and
warranties contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto and
(c) subject to the proviso to the first sentence of Section 8.03, waive
compliance with any of the agreements or conditions contained herein. Any
agreement on the part of a party to any such extension or waiver shall be
valid only if set forth in a written instrument signed on behalf of such
party. The failure of any party      43  to assert any of its rights
under this Agreement or otherwise shall not constitute a waiver of those
rights.   SECTION 8.05. Procedure for Termination, Amendment, Extension
or Waiver. A termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.01, an
amendment of this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.03 or an extension or
waiver pursuant to Section 8.04 shall, in order to be effective, require, in
the case of Acquisition Sub or the Company, action by its Board of Directors
or the duly authorized designee of its Board of Directors to the extent
permitted by law.    ARTICLE IX   General Provisions   SECTION 9.01.
Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties. None of the representations
and warranties in this Agreement or in any instrument delivered pursuant to
this Agreement shall survive the Effective Time. This Section 9.01 shall not
limit any covenant or agreement of the parties which by its terms
contemplates performance after the Effective Time.   SECTION 9.02. Notices.
All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given if delivered personally, telecopied (with written
confirmation) or sent by overnight or same-day courier (providing proof of
delivery) to the parties at the following addresses (or at such other address
for a party as shall be specified by like notice):   (a) if to the Company,
to:   CTB International Corp.  611 North Higbee Street  Milford, IN
46542-2000   Attention: Victor A. Mancinelli  Facsimile: (219)
658-3472      44   with a copy to:   Cravath, Swaine and Moore 
Worldwide Plaza  825 Eighth Avenue  New York, New York 10019   Attention:
Ronald Cami, Esq.  Facsimile: (212) 474-3700.   (b) if to Parent or
Acquisition Sub, to:   Berkshire Hathaway Inc.  1440 Kiewit Plaza  Omaha,
Nebraska 68131   with a copy to:   Munger, Tolles and Olson LLP  355 S.
Grand Avenue  Los Angeles, California 90071   Attention: Robert E. Denham 
Facsimile: (213) 687-3702   SECTION 9.03. Counterparts. This Agreement may
be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when one or more
counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the
other party.   SECTION 9.04. Entire Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries;
Rights of Ownership. This Agreement, together with the Confidentiality
Agreement, (a) constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all prior
agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof, provided that the Confidentiality
Agreement (other than Sections 4 and 7 thereof, which shall be of no further
force or effect) shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement,
and (b) other than Sections 6.06 and 6.08 of this Agreement, is not intended
to confer upon any person other than the parties any rights or remedies
hereunder.   SECTION 9.05. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed
by, and construed in accordance with, the      45  laws of the State
of Indiana, without regard to any principles of conflicts of law of such
State.   SECTION 9.06. Publicity. Except as otherwise permitted by
this Agreement or required by law or obligations pursuant to any listing
agreement with any national securities exchange or the National Association
of Securities Dealers, Inc., none of Parent, Acquisition Sub or the
Company shall, or shall permit any of their respective affiliates to, issue
or cause the publication of any press release or other public announcement or
statement with respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby without first giving an opportunity to review and comment upon such
press release or other public announcement or statement to the Company, in
the case of Parent or Acquisition Sub, or Parent, in the case of the Company.
The parties agree that the initial press release to be issued with respect to
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be in the form
heretofore agreed to by the parties.   SECTION 9.07. Assignment. Neither
this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations under this
Agreement shall be assigned, in whole or in part, by any of the parties
(whether by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written consent
of the other parties, and any such purported assignment that is not so
consented to shall be null and void. Subject to the preceding sentence, this
Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable
by, the parties and their respective successors and assigns.   SECTION
9.08. Enforcement. The parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in
the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in
accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is
accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to an injunction or
injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically
the terms and provisions of this Agreement in any federal court located in
the State of Indiana or in any Indiana state court, this being in addition to
any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity. In addition,
each of the parties (a) consents to submit itself to the
personal jurisdiction of any federal court located in the State of Indiana or
any Indiana state court in the event      46  any dispute arises out
of this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
(b) agrees that it will not attempt to deny or defeat such personal
jurisdiction by motion or other request for leave from any such court, (c)
agrees that it will not bring any action relating to this Agreement or any
transaction contemplated by this Agreement in any court other than any
federal court located in the State of Indiana or any Indiana state court,
unless it is unable to bring such action in an Indiana court as a result of
the denial of jurisdiction by such courts and (d) waives any right to trial
by jury with respect to any action related to or arising out of
this Agreement or any transaction contemplated by this Agreement.   SECTION
9.09. Severability. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is
invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule or law or public
policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall
nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal
substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in
any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any
term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced,
the parties shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to
effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an
acceptable manner to the end that transactions contemplated hereby are
fulfilled to the extent possible.        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each
party has duly executed this Agreement, all as of the date first above
written.   BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC.,    by: /s/ Marc D. Hamburg 
-------------------------------  Name: Marc D. Hamburg  Title: Vice
President and  Chief Financial Officer          C ACQUISITION
CORP.,    by: /s/ Marc D. Hamburg  -------------------------------  Name:
Marc D. Hamburg  Title: President         CTB INTERNATIONAL
CORP.,    by: /s/ Victor A. Mancinelli  ------------------------------- 
Name: Victor A. Mancinelli  Title: President and  Chief Executive
Officer    '

