 ACQUISITION AGREEMENT    EXHIBIT 2.1  
EXECUTION COPY  --------------     DENISON INTERNATIONAL PLC   and  
PARKER-HANNIFIN CORPORATION      ACQUISITION AGREEMENT        
Dated as of December 7, 2003   TABLE OF CONTENTS      Page  ----  
~~  ARTICLE I. TENDER OFFER AND SQUEEZE-
OUT.................................... 2   1.1. The
Offer....................................................... 2  1.2. Company
Action.................................................. 3  1.3.
Directors....................................................... 4  1.4. The
Squeeze-Out................................................. 4  1.5.
Closing......................................................... 4  1.6.
Options......................................................... 5  ARTICLE
II. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY.................. 6   2.1.
Organization and Good Standing.................................. 6  2.2.
Capitalization.................................................. 6  2.3.
Subsidiaries.................................................... 7  2.4.
Authorization; Binding Agreement................................ 7  2.5.
Approvals....................................................... 8  2.6. No
Violations................................................... 8  2.7.
Securities Filings.............................................. 8  2.8.
Company Financial Statements.................................... 9  2.9.
Absence of Certain Changes or Events............................ 10  2.10.
Compliance with Laws............................................ 10  2.11.
Permits......................................................... 10  2.12.
Litigation...................................................... 11  2.13.
Contracts....................................................... 11  2.14.
Employee Benefit Plans.......................................... 12  2.15.
Taxes and Returns............................................... 15  2.16.
Intellectual Property........................................... 17  2.17.
Environmental................................................... 17  2.18.
Offer Documents................................................. 18  2.19.
Finders and Investment Bankers.................................. 19  2.20.
Real Property; Other Assets..................................... 19  2.21.
Takeover Statutes............................................... 19  2.22.
Shareholders\' Rights Agreement.................................. 20  2.23.
Major Suppliers, Customers and Distributors..................... 20  2.24.
Written Opinion of Financial Advisor............................ 20  2.25.
Transactions With Affiliates.................................... 20  2.26.
Labor Matters................................................... 21  2.27.
Insurance Policies.............................................. 21  2.28.
Acquisitions and Divestitures................................... 22  2.29.
Confidentiality and Standstill Agreements....................... 22  ARTICLE
III. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER................... 22  
3.1. Organization and Good Standing..................................
22     (i)    ~~   3.2. Authorization; Binding
Agreement................................ 22  3.3.
Approvals....................................................... 23  3.4. No
Violations................................................... 23  3.5. Offer
Documents................................................. 23  3.6. Finders
and Investment Bankers.................................. 23  3.7. Financing
Arrangements.......................................... 23  ARTICLE IV.
ADDITIONAL COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY............................ 24   4.1.
Conduct of Business of the Company and its Subsidiaries......... 24  4.2.
Notification of Certain Matters................................. 26  4.3.
Access and Information.......................................... 27  4.4.
Reasonable Commercial Efforts................................... 28  4.5.
Public Announcements............................................ 28  4.6.
Compliance...................................................... 28  4.7. No
Solicitation................................................. 28  4.8. SEC
and Stockholder Filings..................................... 31  4.9.
Director Resignations........................................... 31  4.10.
Shareholder Litigation.......................................... 31  4.11.
Board Recommendations........................................... 31  ARTICLE
V. ADDITIONAL COVENANTS OF PURCHASER............................... 31  
5.1. Reasonable Commercial Efforts................................... 31 
5.2. Public Announcements............................................ 32 
5.3. Compliance...................................................... 32 
5.4. Indemnification.................................................
32  ARTICLE VI. TERMINATION AND
ABANDONMENT.................................... 33   6.1.
Termination..................................................... 33  6.2.
Effect of Termination and Abandonment........................... 35  ARTICLE
VII. MISCELLANEOUS................................................. 36  
7.1. Amendment and Modification...................................... 36 
7.2. Waiver of Compliance; Consents.................................. 36 
7.3. Survival........................................................ 37 
7.4. Notices......................................................... 37 
7.5. Binding Effect; Assignment...................................... 38 
7.6. Expenses........................................................ 38 
7.7. Governing Law................................................... 38 
7.8. Counterparts.................................................... 38 
7.9. Interpretation.................................................. 38 
7.10. Entire Agreement................................................ 39 
7.11. Severability.................................................... 39 
7.12. Certain Remedies................................................ 39 
7.13. Third Parties...................................................
40     (ii)    ~~   7.14. Disclosure
Letters.............................................. 40  7.15. Further
Assurances.............................................. 40    
(iii)     This Acquisition Agreement (this "Agreement") is made and
entered into as of December 7, 2003, by and between DENISON INTERNATIONAL
PLC, a public limited company organized under the laws of England and Wales
(the "Company"), and PARKER-HANNIFIN CORPORATION, an Ohio corporation
("Purchaser").   W I T N E S S E T H:   WHEREAS, the respective Boards of
Directors of the Company and Purchaser have each determined that it is in the
best interests of their respective shareholders for Purchaser to acquire the
Company upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein;  
WHEREAS, in furtherance thereof, it is proposed that Purchaser will make cash
tender offers to acquire all of the issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares,
$0.01 par value, of the Company (the "Ordinary Shares"), including
those represented by American Depositary Shares ("ADSs"), and all of the
issued and outstanding A Ordinary Shares, (pound) 8.00 par value, of the
Company (the "A Ordinary Shares" and, together with the Ordinary Shares and
the ADSs, the "Shares"), each in return for the payment by Purchaser of an
amount equal to $24.00 per Share or such higher price as may be paid in the
Offer (the "Per Share Amount"), in each case net to the seller in cash (the
cash tender offers for the Ordinary Shares, including those represented by
ADSs, and the A Ordinary Shares in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement are hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Offer");  
WHEREAS, also in furtherance thereof, the respective Boards of Directors of
the Company and Purchaser have each approved the Offer in accordance with the
laws of England and Wales and the State of Ohio, respectively, and the
provisions of this Agreement;   WHEREAS, pursuant to the resolutions adopted
at the Meeting (as hereinafter defined), the Board of Directors of the
Company has unanimously recommended the acceptance of the Offer to the
holders of the Shares;   WHEREAS, as an inducement and a condition to
Purchaser\'s entering into this Agreement, contemporaneously with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement, certain shareholders of the Company
holding in the aggregate not less than 90% of the outstanding A Ordinary
Shares have entered into Tender Agreements with Purchaser (the "Tender
Agreements"), pursuant to which each such shareholder has, among other
things, agreed to tender all of its Shares in the Offer; and   WHEREAS, the
Company and Purchaser desire to make certain representations, warranties and
agreements in connection with, and establish various conditions precedent to,
the transactions contemplated hereby.   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of
the foregoing and the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements
hereinafter set forth, the parties hereto agree as follows:   ARTICLE
I.   TENDER OFFER AND SQUEEZE-OUT   1.1. The Offer. (a) Provided that this
Agreement shall not have been terminated in accordance with Section 6.1
hereof and none of the events set forth in Annex I hereto shall have occurred
and are existing, Purchaser or a direct or indirect subsidiary thereof shall
commence (within the meaning of Rule 14d-2 under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the
"Securities Exchange Act")) the Offer as promptly as practicable following
the public announcement of the execution of this Agreement, but in no event
later than ten (10) business days following the execution of this Agreement,
and shall use all reasonable commercial efforts to consummate the Offer. The
obligation of Purchaser to accept for payment any Shares tendered in the
Offer shall be subject to the satisfaction of only those conditions set forth
in Annex I hereto. Except as set forth in Section 1.1(b) below, Purchaser
expressly reserves the right to waive any such condition or to increase the
Per Share Amount. The Per Share Amount shall be net to each seller in cash,
subject to reduction only for any applicable federal back-up withholding or
stock transfer taxes payable by such seller. The Company agrees that no
Shares held by the Company or any of its subsidiaries will be tendered to
Purchaser pursuant to the Offer.   (b) Without the prior written consent of
the Company, Purchaser shall not (i) decrease the Per Share Amount or change
the form of consideration payable in the Offer, (ii) decrease the number of
Shares sought, (iii) except as expressly set forth in Annex I hereto, amend
or waive satisfaction of the Minimum Condition (as defined in Annex I hereto)
or (iv) impose additional conditions to the Offer or amend any other term of
the Offer in any manner adverse to the holders of Shares. Upon the terms and
subject to the conditions of the Offer, Purchaser will accept for payment and
purchase, as soon as permitted under the terms of the Offer, all Shares
validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the expiration of the Offer.  
(c) The Offer shall be made by means of an offer to purchase (the "Offer to
Purchase") having only the conditions set forth in Annex I hereto. As soon as
practicable on the date the Offer is commenced, Purchaser shall file with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") a Tender Offer Statement on
Schedule TO (together with all amendments and supplements thereto,
the "Schedule TO") with respect to the Offer that will comply in all
material respects with the provisions of, and satisfy in all material
respects the requirements of, such Schedule TO and all applicable securities
laws and will contain (including as an exhibit) or incorporate by reference
the Offer to Purchase and forms of the related letter of transmittal, form of
acceptance and summary advertisement (which documents, together with any
supplements or amendments thereto, and any other SEC schedule or form which
is filed in connection with the Offer and related transactions, are referred
to collectively herein as the "Offer Documents"). Each of Purchaser and the
Company agrees promptly to correct any information provided by it for use in
the Schedule TO or the Offer Documents if and to the extent that it shall
have become false or misleading in any material respect and to supplement the
information provided by it specifically for use in the Schedule TO or the
Offer Documents to include any information that shall become necessary in
order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading, and Purchaser further agrees to take
all steps necessary to cause the Schedule TO, as so corrected or
supplemented, to be filed with the SEC    -2-  and the Offer Documents,
as so corrected or supplemented, to be disseminated to holders of Shares, in
each case, as and to the extent required by applicable securities laws. The
Company and its counsel shall be given a reasonable opportunity to review and
comment on any Offer Documents and any amendments thereto before they are
filed with the SEC. Purchaser shall provide the Company and its legal counsel
with any comments that Purchaser or its legal counsel may receive from the
SEC or its staff with respect to the Schedule TO promptly after receipt of
such comments and shall consult with the Company and its legal counsel prior
to responding to any comments.   (d) The Offer to Purchase shall provide for
an initial expiration date and time of 8:00 a.m., New York City time, on the
twenty-first (21) business day (as defined in Rule 14d-1 under the Securities
Exchange Act) following the date of commencement. Purchaser agrees that it
shall not (x) subject to Purchaser\'s right to terminate this Agreement and
the Offer in accordance with the terms of Section 6.1 and Annex I hereof,
terminate or withdraw the Offer, or (y) extend the expiration date of the
Offer except that Purchaser may, without the consent of the Company, (i)
extend the Offer (with each extension being for a period of not more than ten
(10) business days) if at the expiration date of the Offer the conditions to
the Offer described in Annex I hereto shall not have been satisfied or
earlier waived; provided, however, that, if, and for so long as, all the
conditions to the Offer described in Annex I hereto have been satisfied or
waived other than the conditions set forth in clauses (ii) and/or (iii)
of the preamble of Annex I, Purchaser shall be required to extend the
expiration date of the Offer until the earlier of the date on which the
Shares are accepted for payment as permitted under the terms of the Offer or
the date on which this Agreement and the Offer is terminated in accordance
with Section 6.1 or Annex I hereof, respectively; (ii) extend the Offer for
any period required by any rule, regulation, interpretation or position of
the SEC or the staff thereof or (iii) after the acceptance of and payment for
the Shares pursuant to the Offer, extend the Offer for a further period of
time by means of a subsequent offering period under Rule 14d-11 promulgated
under the Exchange Act of not more than twenty (20) business days.   1.2.
Company Action. (a) The Company hereby approves of and consents to the Offer
and represents and warrants that the Board of Directors of the Company, at a
meeting duly called and held on December 7, 2003 (the "Meeting"), at which
all of the Directors were present (either in person or via tele-conference),
unanimously (i) approved and adopted this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby, including the Offer and the Acquisition,
(ii) recommended that the stockholders of the Company accept the Offer and
tender their Shares pursuant to the Offer, and (iii) determined that this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Offer and
the Acquisition, are fair to, and in the best interests of, the stockholders
of the Company. Lazard Freres and Co. LLC ("Lazard") has delivered to the Board
of Directors of the Company its opinion that the Per Share Amount to be paid
to the holders of Shares in the Offer is fair, from a financial point of
view, to such holders. Subject to the provisions of Section 4.7(b), the
Company hereby consents to the inclusion in the Offer Documents of the
recommendation of the Board of Directors of Company in favor of the
Offer.   (b) The Company shall file with the SEC, as promptly as
practicable after the filing by Purchaser of the Schedule TO with respect to
the Offer, a Tender Offer Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule
14D-9 (together with any amendments or supplements thereto, the "Schedule
14D-9") that will comply in all material respects with the   
-3-  provisions of all applicable securities law. The Company shall mail
such Schedule 14D-9 to the stockholders of the Company along with the Offer
Documents promptly after the commencement of the Offer. The Schedule 14D-9
and the Offer Documents shall contain the recommendation of the Board of
Directors of the Company described in Section 1.2(a) hereof. The Company
agrees promptly to correct the Schedule 14D-9 if and to the extent that it
shall become false or misleading in any material respect (and Purchaser, with
respect to written information supplied by it specifically for use in the
Schedule 14D-9, shall promptly notify the Company of any required corrections
of such information and cooperate with the Company with respect to correcting
such information) and to supplement the information contained in the Schedule
14D-9 to include any information that shall become necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading, and the Company shall take all steps necessary to cause
the Schedule 14D-9 as so corrected to be filed with the SEC and disseminated
to the Company\'s stockholders to the extent required by applicable federal
securities laws. Purchaser and its counsel shall be given a reasonable
opportunity to review and comment on the Schedule 14D-9 and any amendments
thereto before they are filed with the SEC. The Company shall provide
Purchaser and its legal counsel with any comments that the Company or its
legal counsel may receive from the SEC or its staff with respect to the
Schedule 14D-9 promptly after receipt of such comments and shall consult with
Purchaser and its legal counsel prior to responding to any comments.   (c)
In connection with the Offer, the Company shall promptly upon execution of
this Agreement furnish Purchaser with mailing labels containing the names and
addresses of all record holders of Shares and security position listings of
Shares held in stock depositories, each as of a recent date, and shall
promptly furnish Purchaser with such additional information,
including updated lists of stockholders, mailing labels and security position
listings, and such other information and assistance as Purchaser or its
agents may reasonably request for the purpose of communicating the Offer to
the record and beneficial holders of Shares.   1.3. Directors. From and
after the Closing (as defined in Section 1.5 hereof), if Purchaser wishes to
appoint, in its capacity as a stockholder of the Company, directors of the
Company, Purchaser and the Company shall comply with the requirements of
Section 14(f) of the Securities Exchange Act and Rule 14f-1 promulgated
thereunder. Purchaser will supply the Company and be solely responsible for
any information with respect to itself and its nominees, officers, directors
and affiliates required by Section 14(f) and Rule 14f-1.   1.4. The Squeeze-
Out. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, if
Shares representing at least 90% of the Ordinary Shares on a fully diluted
basis and at least 90% of the A Ordinary Shares on a fully diluted basis are
tendered in the Offer, a squeeze-out of the remaining Shares (the "Squeeze-
Out") shall, in each case, be consummated by Purchaser in accordance with
Sections 428 to 430F of the Companies Act 1985 (the "Companies Act").   1.5.
Closing. Purchaser\'s acceptance for payment, pursuant to the Offer, of
Shares validly tendered and not properly withdrawn in the Offer is herein
referred to as the "Closing". The date on which the Closing occurs is herein
referred to as the "Closing Date."    -4-   1.6. Options.   (a) The
Company shall take all reasonable commercial actions necessary to provide
that all then outstanding options to acquire Shares (the "Company Options")
granted under the Company\'s stock option plans referred to in Section 2.14
of the Company Disclosure Letter (as hereinafter defined), each as
amended (collectively, the "Company Option Plans"), whether or not then
exercisable or vested, shall become fully exercisable and vested no later
than immediately prior to the Closing. The Company shall take all reasonable
commercial actions to enable each holder of Company Options to exercise his
or her Company Options so as to permit the holder of Company Options to
tender into the Offer the Shares received upon exercise. The Offer Documents
which shall be delivered to each Non-Executive Optionholder (as hereinafter
defined) shall include separate provisions pursuant to which each person
holding any Company Options (other than the members of the Company\'s Board
of Directors and the Company\'s executive officers) (such persons are
hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Non-Executive Optionholders")
may elect to (i) exercise, against delivery to the Company of an undertaking
to pay the Aggregate Exercise Price (as hereinafter defined) no later than
the Closing Date, and otherwise on the terms set forth in this Section
1.6(a), any and all Company Options held by such Non-Executive Optionholder,
such election to become effective no later than immediately prior to the
Closing Date and (ii) tender into the Offer any Shares received upon the
exercise of such Company Options. The Offer Documents delivered to each Non-
Executive Optionholder shall require each Non-Executive Optionholder electing
to tender Shares received upon exercise of Company Options in accordance with
the preceding sentence to instruct and authorize the disbursing or other
agent handling the Offer on behalf of the Company) regarding payment and
remittance of the aggregate proceeds (with respect to each Non-Executive
Optionholder, the "Aggregate Proceeds") to which such Non-Executive
Optionholder shall be entitled with respect to the Shares underlying all such
Company Options validly tendered and not withdrawn in the Offer. The Offer
Documents shall authorize that (x) there shall be remitted to the Company
such Aggregate Proceeds, (y) the Company retain, in satisfaction of the
undertaking of such Non-Executive Optionholder, the aggregate exercise price,
plus interest, if necessary, payable to the Company upon the exercise of such
Company Options (with respect to each Non-Executive Optionholder,
the "Aggregate Exercise Price") and (z) the Company remit to the subsidiary
of the Company employing such Non-Executive Optionholder (the "Employing
Subsidiary") an aggregate amount equal to the difference between the (A)
Aggregate Proceeds and (B) Aggregate Exercise Price (the difference between
(A) and (B) is hereinafter referred to as the "Net Amount"). Promptly
following receipt of the Net Amount, the Employing Subsidiary shall remit and
pay to the Non-Executive Optionholder such amount, net of any applicable
taxes payable by such Non-Executive Optionholder (which taxes are required to
be withheld or otherwise paid by the Employing Subsidiary on behalf of such
Non-Executive Optionholder) in connection with Purchaser\'s purchase of such
Non-Executive Optionholder\'s Shares in the Offer.   (b) Except as provided
herein or as otherwise agreed to by the parties, the Company shall use
reasonable commercial efforts to ensure that as soon as possible following
the Closing no holder of Company Options or any participant in the Company
Option Plans shall have any right thereunder to acquire any equity securities
of the Company or any subsidiary thereof.    -5-   ARTICLE II.  
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY   The Company represents and
warrants to Purchaser that, except as set forth in the correspondingly
numbered Sections of the disclosure letter, dated as of the date hereof, from
the Company to Purchaser (the "Company Disclosure Letter"):   2.1.
Organization and Good Standing. The Company and each of its subsidiaries is a
legal entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization and has all
requisite corporate or other power, as the case may be, and authority to own,
lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as now being
conducted. The Company and each of its subsidiaries is duly qualified or
licensed and in good standing to do business in each jurisdiction in which
the character of the property owned, leased or operated by it or the nature
of the business conducted by it makes such qualification or
licensing necessary, except where the failure to be so duly qualified or
licensed and in good standing would not, individually or in the aggregate, be
reasonably likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. "Company
Material Adverse Effect" shall mean a material adverse effect on the
business, assets, condition (financial or otherwise), liabilities or the
results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole,
except for any such effects resulting from (i) the announcement of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) changes in general economic
or political conditions or the securities markets, or (iii) changes in
conditions generally applicable to persons engaged in the businesses engaged
in by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, except in the case of clauses
(ii) and (iii), to the extent that such effects have a materially
disproportionate impact on the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole
when compared to other persons engaged in the businesses in which the Company
and its subsidiaries are engaged. The Company has heretofore made available
to Purchaser accurate and complete copies of the Memorandum and Articles of
Association, as currently in effect, of the Company.   2.2. Capitalization.
As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists
of 15,000,000 Ordinary Shares and 7,125 A Ordinary Shares. As of November 30,
2003, 9,945,366 Ordinary Shares were issued and outstanding, 7,015 A Ordinary
Shares were issued and outstanding, and 599,234 Ordinary Shares were reserved
for issuance upon exercise of Company Options granted prior to the date
hereof. No other capital stock of the Company is authorized or issued. All
issued and outstanding Shares are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid
and non-assessable and were issued free of preemptive rights and in
compliance with applicable Laws. Except as set forth in Section 2.2 of the
Company Disclosure Letter or as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement, as
of the date hereof, (i) there are no Company Options outstanding, and (ii)
other than Company Options, there are no outstanding rights, subscriptions,
warrants, puts, calls, unsatisfied preemptive rights, options, voting,
redemption, repurchase or other agreements of any kind, to which the Company
or any of its subsidiaries is a party, relating to any of the outstanding,
authorized but unissued or unauthorized shares of the capital stock or any
other equity security of the Company, and there is no authorized or
outstanding security of any kind convertible into or exchangeable for
any such capital stock or other equity security. No bonds, debentures, notes
or other indebtedness of the Company or any of its subsidiaries having the
right to vote (or convertible into, or exchangeable    -6-  for,
securities having the right to vote) on any matters on which the stockholders
of the Company or any of its subsidiaries may vote are issued or outstanding.
Section 2.2 of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a complete and
accurate list as of the date hereof of the holders of all outstanding Company
Options, restricted stock, performance shares or units, deferred
shares, stock units and other stock awards and the exercise price, date of
grant and number of Ordinary Shares subject to each such outstanding Company
Option. Except as set forth in Section 2.14 of the Company Disclosure Letter,
there are no agreements, arrangements or commitments of any character to
which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party (contingent or
otherwise) pursuant to which any person is, or may be, entitled to receive
any payment based on the revenues, assets, earnings or financial performance
of the Company or any of its subsidiaries.   2.3. Subsidiaries. Section
2.3(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth the name and jurisdiction
of incorporation or organization of each subsidiary of the Company, each of
which is wholly-owned by the Company except as otherwise indicated in said
Section 2.3(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter. All of the capital stock and
other equity interests of the subsidiaries of the Company so held by the
Company are owned by it or a subsidiary of the Company as indicated in said
Section 2.3(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter, free and clear of any
charge, lien, encumbrance or security interest (collectively, "Liens"). All
of the outstanding shares of capital stock in each of the subsidiaries of the
Company directly or indirectly held by the Company or its subsidiaries or its
respective nominees are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-
assessable and were issued free of preemptive rights and in compliance with
applicable Laws. There are no outstanding rights, subscriptions, warrants,
puts, calls, unsatisfied preemptive rights, options, voting or
other agreements of any kind, to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries
is a party, relating to any of the outstanding, authorized but unissued
or unauthorized shares of the capital stock or any other equity security of
any subsidiary of the Company, and there is no authorized or outstanding
security of any kind convertible into or exchangeable for any such capital
stock or equity other security. Other than the subsidiaries set forth in
Section 2.3(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter, and except as set forth in
Section 2.3(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company does not own any
equity interest, directly or indirectly, in any person.   2.4.
Authorization; Binding Agreement. The Company has all requisite corporate
power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
have been duly and validly authorized by the Company\'s Board of Directors
and no other corporate proceedings on the part of the Company or any of
its subsidiaries are necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of
this Agreement or, except with respect to the Squeeze-Out, to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly and
validly executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes the legal,
valid and binding agreements of the Company, enforceable against the Company
in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that enforceability
thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization
or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors\' rights
generally and by principles of equity regarding the availability of remedies
("Enforceability Exceptions"). The actions taken by the Board of Directors of
the Company constitute approval of the Offer, this Agreement and the other
transactions contemplated hereby.    -7-   2.5. Approvals. No consent,
approval, waiver or authorization of, notice to or declaration or filing with
("Consent"), any nation or government, any state or other political
subdivision thereof, any entity, authority or body exercising executive,
legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or
pertaining to government, including, without limitation, any governmental or
regulatory authority, agency, department, board, commission, administration
or instrumentality, any court, tribunal or arbitrator and any self-regulatory
organization ("Governmental Authority") or any other person on the part of
the Company or any of its subsidiaries is required in connection with the
execution or delivery by the Company of this Agreement, the consummation by
the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby or the continued
operation of the businesses of the Company and its subsidiaries as currently
conducted after the Closing other than (i) filings with the SEC,
state securities laws administrators and the National Association of
Securities Dealers, Inc. ("NASD"), (ii) filings under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder (the "HSR Act") and, if applicable, Regulation (EEC)
No. 4064/89 of the Council of the European Union, (iii) such filings as may
be required in any jurisdiction where the Company is qualified or authorized
to do business as a foreign corporation in order to maintain such
qualification or authorization, (iv) those Consents which are listed on
Section 2.5 of the Company Disclosure Letter and (v) such filings as may be
required under any applicable legislation or regulations of any foreign
jurisdiction in respect of antitrust matters, as more fully set forth in
Section 2.5 or Section 2.6 of the Company Disclosure Letter ("Foreign
Antitrust Filings").   2.6. No Violations. The execution and delivery of
this Agreement, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and
the compliance by the Company with any of the provisions hereof will not (i)
conflict with or result in any breach of any provision of the Memorandum and
Articles of Association or other governing instruments of the Company or any
of its subsidiaries, (ii) except as set forth in Section 2.6 of the Company
Disclosure Letter, require any Consent under or result in a material
violation or material breach of, or constitute (with or without due notice or
lapse of time or both) a material default (or give rise to any right of
termination, cancellation or acceleration) under any of the terms, conditions
or provisions of any indenture or other material agreement, permit,
concession, franchise, license or similar material instrument or material
undertaking to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by
which any of their respective assets is bound or affected, (iii) result in
the creation or imposition of any material Lien of any kind upon any of the
assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or (iv) subject to obtaining
the Consents from Governmental Authorities referred to in Section 2.5 hereof
and the relevant section of the Company Disclosure Letter referred to
therein, contravene or cause the Company or any of its subsidiaries to
violate in any material respect any applicable provision of any statute,
law, rule or regulation or any order, decision, injunction, judgment, award
or decree of any Governmental Authority ("Law") to which the Company or any
of its subsidiaries or its or any of their respective assets or properties
are subject.   2.7. Securities Filings. (a) Since December 31, 1998, the
Company has timely filed all reports required to be filed with (i) the SEC
pursuant to the Securities Act (as hereinafter defined) or the Securities
Exchange Act and (ii) securities regulators in the United Kingdom (the "UK"
under applicable securities Laws of the UK. Such reports and those
subsequently provided or required to be provided pursuant to this Section
2.7, pursuant to applicable rules and    -8-  regulations of the SEC or
pursuant to applicable UK securities Laws, are referred to collectively
herein as the "Company Securities Filings." The Company has made available to
Purchaser true and complete copies of (i) its Annual Reports on Form 10-K for
the years ended December 31, 2000, 2001 and 2002, as filed with the SEC, (ii)
its proxy statements relating to all of the meetings of stockholders (whether
annual or special) of the Company since January 1, 2001, as filed with the
SEC, and (iii) all other reports, statements and registration statements and
amendments thereto (including, without limitation, Quarterly Reports on Form
10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, as amended) filed by the Company with
the SEC since January 1, 2001. As of their respective dates, or as of the
date of the last amendment thereof, if amended after filing, none of
the Company Securities Filings (including, but not limited to, any
financial statements or schedules included or incorporated by reference
therein) contained or, as to the Company Securities Filings subsequent to the
date hereof, will contain, any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted
or, as to the Company Securities Filings subsequent to the date hereof, will
omit, to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading. As of their respective dates, the Company
Securities Filings made in the United States complied in all material
respects with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
"Securities Act"), the Securities Exchange Act, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as
the case may be, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated
thereunder applicable to such Company Securities Filings and, in the case of
Company Securities Filings, if any, made in the UK, such Company Securities
Filings complied in all material respects with the requirements of applicable
UK securities Laws, in each case, that were in effect as of the date of
filing thereof.   (b) The Company has complied with the certification
requirements under Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in
connection with the filing of its periodic reports. The Company has and will
have in place the "disclosure controls and procedures" (as defined in Rules
13a-14(c) and 15d-14(c) of the Securities Exchange Act) required in order for
the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company to
engage in the review and evaluation process mandated by the Securities
Exchange Act. The Company\'s "disclosure controls and procedures" are
reasonably designed to ensure that all information (both financial and non-
financial) required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it
files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and
forms of the SEC, and that all such information is accumulated and
communicated to the Company\'s management as appropriate to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure and to make the certifications
of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company
required under the Securities Exchange Act with respect to such reports.  
2.8. Company Financial Statements. (a) The audited consolidated financial
statements and unaudited interim financial statements of the Company included
in the Company Securities Filings (the "Company Financial Statements") as
filed with the SEC or with relevant authorities in the UK and the
Company Accounts (as defined below), have been prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") in the United States or the
UK, as the case may be, applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods
involved (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto and subject, in the
case of the unaudited statements, to normal, recurring audit adjustments) and
fairly present in all material respects (or in the case of the audited
consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with UK GAAP give a
true    -9-  and fair view thereof) the consolidated financial position
of the Company and its subsidiaries at the respective date thereof and the
consolidated results of their operations and changes in cash flows for the
periods indicated. For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Company
Accounts" means the Company\'s or its subsidiaries individual accounts (as
that term is used in Section 226 of the Companies Act) and cash flow
statement, and the Company\'s and its subsidiaries consolidated accounts, for
the financial year ended December 31, 2002, the auditor\'s report on those
accounts, the director\'s report for that year notes to those accounts, which
have been prepared in accordance with United States GAAP.   (b) The
consolidated financial statements of the Company included in the Company
Securities Filings as filed with the SEC complied as to form in all material
respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and
regulations of the SEC with respect thereto that were in effect as of the
respective dates thereof.   (c) Except as disclosed in the Company
Securities Filings or as specified in Section 2.8 of the Company Disclosure
Letter and except for liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice since the date of the most recent financial
statements included in the Company Securities Filings, there are no
liabilities of the Company or its subsidiaries of any kind whatsoever,
whether accrued, contingent, absolute, due, to become due, determined,
determinable or otherwise, that are or which could reasonably be expected to
be, individually or in the aggregate, material to the Company or any of its
subsidiaries taken as a whole.   2.9. Absence of Certain Changes or Events.
Except as set forth in Section 2.9 of the Company Disclosure Letter, as set
forth in the Company Securities Filings and except for transactions required
by this Agreement, since December 31, 2002, the Company and its subsidiaries
have conducted their business only in the ordinary course consistent with
past practice, and there has not been or occurred: (i) any change, event or
occurrence that has had or could reasonably be expected to have, individually
or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect, (ii) any declaration,
payment or setting aside for payment of any dividend or other distribution or
any redemption or other acquisition of any shares of capital stock or
securities of the Company, (iii) any change by the Company in accounting
principles or practices, (iv) any action of the type described in Section
4.1, other than any actions contemplated by Sections 4.1(D)(a) and 4.1(G)
hereof, or (v) any announcement of or entry into any agreement, commitment or
transaction by the Company or any of its subsidiaries to do any of the things
described in the preceding clauses (i) through (iv).   2.10. Compliance
with Laws. Except as set forth in Section 2.10 of the Company Disclosure
Letter, the business of the Company and its subsidiaries has been operated in
material compliance with all Laws applicable thereto, and in accordance with
the relevant organizational documents of the Company and its subsidiaries.
Except as set forth in Section 2.10 of the Company Disclosure Letter, the
Company and its subsidiaries have not received written notice of, nor do they
have knowledge of any claim alleging, any material non-compliance with the
foregoing.   2.11. Permits. Except as set forth in Section 2.11 of the
Company Disclosure Letter, (i) the Company and its subsidiaries have all
material permits, certificates, licenses,    -10-  approvals and other
material authorizations required in connection with the operation of their
respective businesses (collectively, "Company Permits") and have timely
submitted any applications and renewals for Company Permits required to be
submitted prior to Closing for the continued operation of their
respective businesses as currently operated after the Closing, (ii) neither
the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is, or has received written, or to
the knowledge of the Company, oral, notice that it is, in material violation
of any Company Permit and (iii) no proceedings are pending or, to the
knowledge of the Company, threatened, to revoke or limit any Company Permit.
Except as set forth in Section 2.11 of the Company Disclosure Letter, neither
the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received written, or to the
knowledge of the Company, oral, notice that any Company Permit will be
terminated or modified or cannot be renewed in the ordinary course of
business, and the Company has no knowledge of any reasonable basis for any
such termination, modification or nonrenewal.   2.12. Litigation. Set forth
in Section 2.12 of the Company Disclosure Letter is a complete and accurate
list of each suit, action, proceeding or, to the extent known to the Company,
investigation ("Litigation") pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened against the Company or any of its subsidiaries, and each judgment,
decree, injunction, rule or order of any Governmental Authority outstanding
against the Company or any of its subsidiaries. There is no Litigation
pending against the Company or its subsidiaries, or to the knowledge of the
Company, threatened against the Company or its subsidiaries (or any of their
respective properties, rights or franchises), at law or in equity, or before
or by any Governmental Authority, that would reasonably be expected to,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect,
and, to the knowledge of the Company, no development has occurred with
respect to any pending or threatened Litigation that would reasonably be
expected to, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Company Material
Adverse Effect or would reasonably be expected to prevent, materially impair
or materially delay the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is subject to any judgment,
order or decree entered in any Litigation which could reasonably be expected
to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse
Effect.   2.13. Contracts. Set forth in Sections 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 and 2.16
of the Company Disclosure Letter are the following contracts to which the
Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them is
bound (collectively, together with all contracts referred to in Sections
2.16, 2.20(c), 2.25 and 2.28, the ("Company Material Contracts") (i)
contracts between any current officer, director or stockholder of the Company
or any Affiliate thereof on the one hand, and the Company or any subsidiary
thereof on the other hand; (ii) contracts under which any employee of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries is entitled to receive annual payments
(including salary and bonuses) in excess of $100,000; (iii) contracts that
restrict the Company or any of its subsidiaries from competing in any line of
business or with any person in any geographical area; (iv) contracts
entitling any person to change in control or other severance payments; (v)
indentures, credit agreements, security agreements, mortgages, guarantees,
promissory notes and other contracts relating to the borrowing of money,
other than any such document or agreement between the Company and a
subsidiary of the Company or among subsidiaries of the Company; (vi)
contracts involving the sale or purchase of goods or service in excess
of $500,000 in any year or $5,000,000 over the life of such Company
Material Contract; (vii) joint venture, partnership and similar agreements;
(viii) contracts with respect to capital expenditures or commitments for
such expenditures in excess of $500,000; (ix) contracts   
-11-  providing for payments in excess of $500,000 from the United States
Government or any prime contractor of the United States Government over the
life of such Company Material Contract; and (x) all other agreements,
contracts or instruments entered into outside of the ordinary course of
business or which are material to the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a
whole. The Company has delivered or made available to Purchaser true and
correct copies of all such Company Material Contracts. All such Company
Material Contracts are the legal, valid and binding obligations of the
Company and/or its subsidiaries enforceable against the Company or such
subsidiary, and, to the knowledge of the Company, against the other parties
to the Company Material Contracts, in accordance with their respective terms,
subject, in each case, to the Enforceability Exceptions. Neither the Company
or any of its subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any other
party thereto, is in material violation of or in material default in respect
of, nor has there occurred an event or condition, that with the passage of
time or giving of notice (or both), would constitute a material default under
or permit the termination of, any such Company Material Contract.   2.14.
Employee Benefit Plans. (a) Section 2.14 of the Company Disclosure Letter
sets forth a true and complete list of (i) bonus, pension, profit sharing,
deferred compensation, incentive compensation, stock ownership, stock
purchase, stock option, phantom stock, retirement, vacation,
employment, disability, death benefit, hospitalization, medical, life,
severance or other employee benefit plan, agreement, arrangement or
understanding (other than employment agreements) maintained by the Company or
any of its subsidiaries or to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries
contributes or is obligated to contribute, in each case, that is subject to
or governed by the laws of the United States, and (ii) each change of control
agreement providing benefits to any current or former employee, officer or
director of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, to which the Company or
any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of its
subsidiaries is bound (collectively, the "Company Benefit Plans"). For
purposes of this Agreement, the term "Foreign Plan" refers to each plan,
agreement, arrangement or understanding (other than employment agreements)
that is subject to or governed by the Laws of any jurisdiction other than the
United States and that would have been treated as a Company Benefit Plan had
it been a plan, agreement, arrangement or understanding that is subject to or
governed by the laws of the United States. With respect to each Company
Benefit Plan and each Foreign Plan, no event has occurred and there exists no
condition or set of circumstances in connection with which the Company or any
of its subsidiaries is reasonably likely to become subject to any liability
that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have
a Company Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of
its subsidiaries has any liability with respect to any plan, agreement,
arrangement or understanding of the type described in this paragraph other
than the Company Benefit Plans and the Foreign Plans.   (b) Except as set
forth on Schedule 2.14 of the Company Disclosure Letter, each Company Benefit
Plan has been administered, in all material respects, in accordance with its
terms, all applicable Laws relating to employee benefit plans, including the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), and
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), and the terms of
all applicable collective bargaining agreements. The Company, its
subsidiaries and all Company Benefit Plans are in compliance, in all material
respects, with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and all other
applicable Laws relating to employee benefit plans and the terms of
all applicable collective bargaining    -12-  agreements. Each Company
Benefit Plan that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a), 401(k) or
4975(e)(7) of the Code is so qualified and each trust established in
connection with any Company Benefit Plan that is intended to be exempt from
federal income taxation under Section 501(a) of the Code is so exempt. No
fact or event has occurred which is reasonably likely to affect adversely the
qualified status of any such Company Benefit Plan or the exempt status of any
such trust. All contributions to, and payments from, the Company Benefit
Plans that are required to be made in accordance with such Company Benefit
Plans, ERISA or the Code have been timely made. All trusts providing funding
for Company Benefit Plans that are intended to comply with Section 501(c)(9)
of the Code are exempt from federal income taxation and, together with any
other welfare benefit funds (as defined in Section 419(e)(1) of the
Code) maintained in connection with any of the Company Benefit Plans, have
been operated and administered in compliance with all applicable requirements
such that neither the Company, any of its subsidiaries, any Company Benefit
Plan nor such trust or fund is subject to any material taxes, penalties or
other material liabilities imposed as a consequence of failure to comply with
such requirements. No welfare benefit fund (as defined in Section 419(e)(1)
of the Code) maintained in connection with any of the Company Benefit Plans
has provided any "disqualified benefit" (as defined in Section 4976(b)(1) of
the Code) for which the Company or any of its subsidiaries has or had any
liability for the excise tax imposed by Section 4976 of the Code which has
not been paid in full other than liabilities that, individually or in the
aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect.   (c) Neither the Company, nor any of its subsidiaries, nor
any trade or business, whether or not incorporated, which, together with the
Company, or together with any of its subsidiaries, would be deemed to be a
"single employer" within the meaning of Section 4001(b) of ERISA (an "ERISA
Affiliate") has incurred any liability under Title IV of ERISA (other than
for premiums pursuant to Section 4007 of ERISA which have been timely paid)
or Section 4971 of the Code, and no condition exists that is reasonably
likely to cause the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any of their
respective ERISA Affiliates to incur any such liability or failure. No
Company Benefit Plan has or has incurred an accumulated funding deficiency
within the meaning of Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code, nor
has any waiver of the minimum funding standards of Section 302 of ERISA and
Section 412 of the Code been requested of or granted by the Internal Revenue
Service with respect to any Company Benefit Plan, nor has any Lien in favor
of any Company Benefit Plan arisen under Section 412(n) of the Code or
Section 302(f) of ERISA. Neither the Company, nor any of its subsidiaries,
nor any of their respective ERISA Affiliates has been required to provide
security to any defined benefit pension plan pursuant to Section 401(a)(29)
of the Code. With respect to each Company Benefit Plan that is subject to
Title IV or Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 or 4971 of the Code, the
present value of the liabilities in respect of the benefits accrued
under each such Company Benefit Plan, as set forth in the most recent
actuarial report prepared by such plan\'s actuary using the actuarial methods
and assumptions contained in such actuarial report, does not exceed the fair
market value of the assets of such Company Benefit Plan, determined as of the
date of such actuarial report, by more than $170,000; and since the date of
such actuarial report there has been no material adverse change in the funded
status of such Company Benefit Plan after taking into account the additional
accrual of benefits by participants and normal market fluctuations in the
value of such plan\'s assets. There has been no "reportable event" within the
meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA and the regulations thereunder which has not
been reported in a timely fashion, as required.    -13-   (d) Except as
set forth in Section 2.14 of the Company Disclosure Letter, no Company
Benefit Plan provides medical or life insurance benefits (whether or not
insured) with respect to current or former employees or officers or directors
of the Company or any subsidiary after retirement or other termination of
service, other than any such coverage required by Law.   (e) Except as set
forth in Section 2.14 of the Company Disclosure Letter, the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not, either alone or in
combination with another event, (i) entitle any current or former employee,
officer or director of the Company or any of its subsidiaries to material
severance pay, unemployment compensation or any other material payment,
except as expressly provided in this Agreement or under applicable Law, or
(ii) accelerate the time of payment or vesting, or materially increase the
amount of compensation due any such employee, officer or director.   (f)
With respect to each Company Benefit Plan that is a bonus, pension, profit
sharing, deferred compensation, incentive compensation, stock
ownership, stock purchase, stock option, phantom stock, retirement or
severance plan, the Company has delivered or made available to Purchaser a
true and complete copy of: (i) each writing constituting a part of such
Company Benefit Plan, including, without limitation, all Company Benefit Plan
documents and trust agreements; (ii) with respect to each Company Benefit
Plan that is a qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the Code, the most
recent annual financial report, if any; and (iii) with respect to each
Company Benefit Plan that is a qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the
Code and is a pension plan, the most recent actuarial report, if any.   (g)
No Company Benefit Plan is a multiemployer plan (as defined in Section
4001(a)(3) of ERISA) (a "Multiemployer Plan") or a plan that has two or more
contributing sponsors at least two of whom are not under common
control, within the meaning of Section 4063 of ERISA (a "Multiple Employer
Plan"). None of the Company, its subsidiaries nor any of their respective
ERISA Affiliates has, at any time during the last six years, contributed to
or been obligated to contribute to any Multiemployer Plan or Multiple
Employer Plan. None of the Company, its subsidiaries nor any of their
respective ERISA Affiliates has incurred any material withdrawal liability
under a Multiemployer Plan that has not been satisfied in full.   (h) There
are no pending or threatened claims (other than claims for benefits in the
ordinary course), lawsuits or arbitrations that have been asserted or
instituted, or, to the knowledge of the Company, no set of circumstances
exists that may reasonably give rise to a liability against the Company
Benefit Plans, any fiduciaries thereof with respect to their duties to the
Company Benefit Plans or the assets of any of the trusts under any of
the Company Benefit Plans that could reasonably be expected to result in
any material liability of the Company or any of its subsidiaries taken as a
whole.   (i) There have been no prohibited transactions or breaches of any
of the duties imposed on "fiduciaries" (within the meaning of Section 3(21)
of ERISA) by ERISA with respect to the Company Benefit Plans that is
reasonably likely to result in any material liability or excise tax under
ERISA or the Code being imposed on the Company or any of its
subsidiaries.    -14-   (j) All contributions, transfers and payments in
respect of any Company Benefit Plan, other than transfers incident to an
incentive stock option plan within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code,
have been or are fully deductible under the Code.   (k) With respect to any
insurance policy that has, or does, provide funding for benefits under any
Company Benefit Plan, to the knowledge of the Company, (i) no insurance
company issuing any such policy is in receivership, conservatorship,
liquidation or similar proceeding, and (ii) no such proceedings with respect
to any insurer are imminent.   (l) Except as set forth in Section 2.14 of
the Company Disclosure Letter, with respect to each Foreign Plan: (i) all
amounts required to be reserved under each book reserved Foreign Plan have
been so reserved in accordance with reasonable accounting practices
prevailing in the country where such Foreign Plan is established; (ii) each
Foreign Plan required to be registered with a Governmental Authority (as
defined in Section 2.5) has been registered, has been maintained in good
standing with the appropriate Governmental Authorities, and has been
maintained and operated in accordance with its terms and applicable Law,
except, to the extent that the failure to be so registered or in good
standing or to be so maintained and operated would not reasonably be expected
to result in any material liability to the Company or its subsidiaries taken
as a whole; (iii) the fair market value of the assets of each funded Foreign
Plan that is a defined benefit pension plan (or termination indemnity plan),
and the liability of each insurer for each Foreign Plan that is a defined
benefit pension plan (or termination indemnity plan) and is funded through
insurance or the book reserve established for each Foreign Plan that is a
defined benefit pension plan (or termination indemnity plan) that
utilizes book reserves, together with any accrued contributions, is
sufficient to procure or provide for the liability for accrued benefits with
respect to those current and former employees of the Company and its
subsidiaries that participate in such Foreign Plan according to the
reasonable actuarial or other applicable assumptions and valuations most
recently used to determine employer contributions to or the funded status or
book reserve of such Foreign Plans; (iv) each Foreign Plan complies in all
material respects with all applicable Laws; and (v) all contributions
required to be made to such Foreign Plan have been timely made.   (m)
Except as set forth in Section 2.14 of the Company Disclosure Letter, the
contracts of employment of the non-U.S. employees of the Company and its
subsidiaries may be terminated by the employer without damages
or compensation (other than that required by Law) by the giving of not more
than six months\' notice at any time.   (n) For purposes of this Section
2.14, the term "employee" will be considered to include individuals rendering
personal services to the Company or any of its subsidiaries as independent
contractors.   2.15. Taxes and Returns. (a) Each of the Company and its
subsidiaries has timely filed, or caused to be timely filed, all material Tax
Returns (as hereinafter defined) required to be filed by or on behalf of it,
and has paid, collected or withheld or remitted, or caused to be paid,
collected or withheld and remitted, all material amounts of Taxes (as
hereinafter defined) required to be paid, collected, withheld or remitted,
other than such Taxes for which adequate reserves in the Company Financial
Statements have been established or which are being contested in good faith.
There are no material claims or assessments pending    -15-  against the
Company or its subsidiaries for any alleged deficiency in any Tax, and the
Company has not been notified in writing of any proposed Tax claims
or assessments against the Company or any of its subsidiaries (other than in
each case, claims or assessments for which adequate reserves in the Company
Financial Statements have been established or which are being contested in
good faith or are immaterial in amount). Neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries has any waivers or extensions of any applicable statute of
limitations to assess any material amount of Taxes. There are no outstanding
requests by the Company or any of its subsidiaries for any extension of time
within which to file any material Tax Return or within which to pay any
material amounts of Taxes shown to be due on any Tax Return. There are no
Liens for material amounts of Taxes on the assets of the Company or any of
its subsidiaries except for statutory liens for current Taxes not yet due and
payable. Except as set forth in Section 2.15 of the Company Disclosure
Letter, there is no action, suit, or proceeding now pending, or any other
action, suit or proceeding threatened in writing against or with respect to
the Company or any of its subsidiaries in respect of any Tax. Each of the Tax
Returns filed by the Company or its subsidiary is accurate and complete in
all material respects and has been completed in all material respects in
accordance with applicable Law. The Company Financial Statements reflect an
adequate reserve in accordance with U.S. and U.K. generally
accepted accounting principles for all material Taxes payable by the Company
and its subsidiaries for all taxable periods and portions thereof accrued
through the date of such financial statements. There is no agreement,
contract, plan or arrangement involving the Company or its subsidiaries and
covering any person that individually or collectively could give rise to the
payment of any amount that would not be deductible by the Company or any
subsidiary of the Company by reason of Section 280G of the Code. Neither the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to a Tax allocation or sharing
agreement, Tax indemnity agreement or similar agreement or arrangement.
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has distributed stock of
another person, or has had its stock distributed by another person, in a
transaction that was purported or intended to be governed in whole or in part
by Section 355 of the Code. As of the date hereof, neither the Company nor
any subsidiary of the Company is or has been a "controlled foreign
corporation" within the meaning of Section 957 of the Code. None of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries has received a written claim from a
Governmental Authority in a jurisdiction where the Company or any of
its subsidiaries does not file Tax Returns that it is or may be subject to
taxation by that jurisdiction. Section 2.15 of the Company Disclosure Letter
indicates those Tax Returns of the Company and each of its subsidiaries filed
since December 31, 1999 that have been audited (and any adjustment resulting
therefrom in excess of $100,000 individually), and indicates those Tax
Returns of the Company and each of its subsidiaries that currently are the
subject of audit.   (b) For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Tax" shall
mean any federal, state, local, foreign or provincial income, gross receipts,
property, sales, use, license, excise, franchise, employment, payroll,
alternative or added minimum, ad valorem, transfer or excise tax, or any
other tax, custom, duty, governmental fee or other like assessment or charge
of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest or penalty imposed by any
Governmental Authority. The term "Tax Return" shall mean a report, return or
other information (including any attached schedules or any amendments to such
report, return or other information) required to be supplied to or filed with
a Governmental Authority with respect to any Tax, including an information
return, claim for refund, amended return or declaration or estimated
Tax.    -16-   2.16. Intellectual Property. The Company or one of its
subsidiaries owns free and clear of all Liens, or is licensed or otherwise
possesses legal rights in, to or under, as applicable, all patents,
trademarks, trade names, service marks, copyrights and any applications or
registrations therefor, technology, know-how, confidential and proprietary
information, trade secrets, computer software programs or applications, web
addresses and domain names and all other intellectual property rights of any
kind that are used in or necessary for the operation of each of their
respective businesses as currently conducted (the "Intellectual Property").
To the knowledge of the Company, all patents, trademarks, trade names,
service marks, copyrights, web addresses, domain names and registrations and
applications therefor held by the Company or its subsidiaries are valid and
subsisting and are registered and/or applied for in the name of the Company
or its subsidiaries. Except as set forth in Section 2.16 of the Company
Disclosure Letter, neither the Company nor its subsidiaries has received any
written, or to the knowledge of the Company, oral, notice alleging, nor are
they otherwise aware of any claim, that the operation of their respective
businesses or any portion thereof infringes upon, misappropriates, conflicts
with or otherwise violates any intellectual property right of any person or
that any intellectual property of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is
invalid and, to the knowledge of the Company, no such allegation is
threatened. Each written or material oral license to use the
Intellectual Property to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a
party, other than "off-the-shelf" software licenses, is set forth in Section
2.16 of the Company Disclosure Letter. To the Company\'s knowledge, there are
no infringements, or misappropriations of, or conflicts with, any
Intellectual Property by any other party.   2.17. Environmental.   (a)
Except as disclosed in Section 2.17(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter or in
the Environmental Reports (as hereinafter defined): (i) the Company and its
subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with, and have no
material liabilities arising under, applicable Laws and common law
pertaining to the use, management, recycling, remediation or disposal of
Hazardous Substances (as defined below), or to the protection of human health
or the environment ("Environmental Laws"); (ii) neither the Company nor
its subsidiaries have received written, or to the knowledge of the Company,
oral, notice from any Governmental Authority or other third party of any
alleged material violation of or material liability under any Environmental
Law that remains unresolved, including, without limitation, any written
notice that any of them or any of their predecessors is or may be a
potentially responsible party in respect of, or may otherwise bear any
material liability for, any actual or threatened Release (as defined below)
of Hazardous Substance at any site or facility that is, has been or could
reasonably be expected to be listed on the National Priorities List, the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Information
System or any similar or analogous federal, state, provincial, territorial,
municipal, county, local or other domestic or foreign list, schedule,
inventory or database of Hazardous Substance sites or facilities; (iii) there
is no litigation or other proceeding pending, or, to the knowledge of the
Company, threatened against the Company or any of its subsidiaries under any
Environmental Law; (iv) none of the properties presently or formerly owned or
operated by the Company or any of its subsidiaries (including, without
limitation, structures, surface water, sediments, ground water, soils and
other subsurface strata) are materially contaminated with petroleum or any
other chemicals at concentrations above normal background conditions
("Environmental Contamination"); (v) chemicals and wastes disposed or
otherwise released by the operations of the Company or any of   
-17-  its subsidiaries have not resulted in material Environmental
Contamination of property owned by any third party; (vi) the properties
currently owned and operated by the Company and its subsidiaries do not
contain, and did not formerly contain, aboveground or underground storage
tanks, septic systems or leach fields, surface impoundments, settling basins
or sludge beds, injection wells, open burning pits or areas, landfills or
dumps, plating tanks, solvent degreasers or stills, asbestos or
polychlorinated biphenyls; and (vii) capital expenditures required for the
continued operation of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries as
presently operated to maintain compliance with Environmental Laws
collectively, would not reasonably be expected to exceed $200,000 per year
over the three years following Closing. "Environmental Reports" shall mean
the environmental reports listed in Section 2.17(a) of the Company Disclosure
Letter, true and complete copies of which, in the form available from the
Company\'s files, have been provided to Purchaser by the Company. The term
"Hazardous Substance" means (i) chemicals, pollutants, contaminants,
hazardous wastes, toxic, infectious and radioactive substances, and oil and
petroleum products, (ii) any substance that is or contains asbestos, urea
formaldehyde foam insulation, polychlorinated biphenyls, petroleum
or petroleum-derived substances or wastes, radon gas or related materials, or
(iii) any substance that requires removal or remediation under any
Environmental Law, or is defined, listed or identified as a "hazardous waste"
or "hazardous substance" thereunder. The term "Release" means any releasing,
disposing, discharging, injecting, spilling, leaking, pumping, dumping,
emitting, escaping, emptying, migration, transporting, placing and the like,
including into or upon, any land, soil, surface water, ground water or air,
or otherwise entering into the environment. The Company has disclosed to
Purchaser and made available to Purchaser, all material information,
including such studies, analyses and test results, in the possession, custody
or control of or otherwise known and reasonably available to the Company or
any of its subsidiaries relating to the environmental conditions on, under or
about any of the properties or assets presently owned, leased, or operated by
any of the Company or its subsidiaries.   (b) The statements contained in
Section 2.17(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter are true, accurate and
complete.   2.18. Offer Documents. The Schedule 14D-9 will comply in all
material respects with the Securities Exchange Act and will contain (or will
be amended in a timely manner so as to contain) all information which is
required to be included therein in accordance with the Securities Exchange
Act and any applicable UK securities Laws and will conform in all material
respects with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act and any
applicable UK securities Laws. Neither the Schedule 14D-9 nor any of the
information relating to the Company or its affiliates provided by or on
behalf of the Company specifically for inclusion or incorporation by
reference in, or which may be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, the
Schedule TO or the Offer Documents will, at the respective times the Schedule
14D-9, the Schedule TO and the Offer Documents are filed with the SEC and are
first published, sent or given to stockholders of the Company, contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company does not make any
representation or warranty with respect to any information that has
been supplied by Purchaser or its accountants, counsel or other
authorized representatives for use in the Schedule 14D-9.    -18-  
2.19. Finders and Investment Bankers. Neither the Company nor any of its
officers or directors has employed any broker or finder or otherwise incurred
any liability for any brokerage fees, commissions or finders\' fees
in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, other than pursuant
to an agreement with its financial advisors, the terms of which have been
disclosed to Purchaser.   2.20. Real Property; Other Assets. (a) Section
2.20(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a complete and accurate
list of all of the real property owned in fee by the Company and its
subsidiaries (the "Owned Real Property") and the Leased Real Property (as
hereinafter defined).   (b) The Company or one of its subsidiaries has good
and marketable title to each parcel of Owned Real Property and to each other
asset reflected in the latest balance sheet of the Company included in the
Company Securities Filings (other than any such other assets disposed of or
consumed in the ordinary course of business or as specified in Section
2.20(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter) free and clear of all Liens except
(A) those reflected or reserved against in the latest balance sheet of
Company included in the Company Securities Filings, (B) taxes and general and
special assessments not in default and payable without penalty and interest,
(C) to the extent of any Liens on any Owned Real Property which do not
materially detract from the value or utility of any individual parcel of such
Owned Real Property and (D) to the extent of any immaterial Liens on any
other assets of the Company and its subsidiaries (other than Owned Real
Property).   (c) The Company has heretofore made available to Purchaser
true, correct and complete copies of all leases, subleases and other
agreements, including all modifications, amendments and supplements thereto
(the "Real Property Leases"), under which the Company or any of its
subsidiaries uses or occupies or has the right to use or occupy, now or in
the future, any real property or facility (the "Leased Real Property"). The
Company or one of its subsidiaries has a valid and subsisting leasehold
interest in each parcel of Leased Real Property free and clear of all Liens,
except for such Liens which do not materially detract from the value or
utility of any individual parcel of Leased Real Property, and each Real
Property Lease is in full force and effect, all rent and other sums and
charges payable by the Company or its subsidiaries as tenants thereunder are
current in all material respects, no termination event or condition or
uncured default of a material nature on the part of the Company or any such
subsidiary or, to the Company\'s knowledge, the landlord, exists under any
Real Property Lease, and the Company or one of its subsidiaries is the sole
undisputed lessee of each Leased Real Property, is in actual
possession thereof and is entitled to quiet enjoyment thereof in accordance
with the terms of the applicable Real Property Lease. No option, extension or
renewal has been exercised under any Real Property Lease except options,
extensions or renewals the exercise of which has been evidenced by a written
document, a true, correct and complete copy of which has been made available
to Purchaser with the corresponding Real Property Lease.   2.21. Takeover
Statutes. The Board of Directors has taken all actions necessary so that the
antitakeover provisions contained in applicable "fair price," "moratorium,"
"control share acquisition" or other antitakeover Laws are not applicable to
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Notwithstanding the
generality of the foregoing, the UK City Code on Takeovers and Mergers is not
applicable to the transactions contemplated hereby or the   
-19-  transactions contemplated by the Tender Agreements or to the execution
and delivery hereof and thereof.   2.22. Shareholders\' Rights Agreement.
Neither the Company nor any subsidiary has adopted, or intends to adopt, a
stockholders\' rights agreement or any similar plan or agreement that limits
or impairs the ability to purchase, or become the direct or indirect
beneficial owner of Shares or any other equity or debt securities of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries.   2.23. Major Suppliers, Customers and
Distributors. (a) Neither the Company nor any subsidiary has received any
written notice, or to the knowledge of the Company, oral notice, that any
significant supplier, including without limitation any sole source supplier,
will not sell raw materials, supplies, merchandise and other goods to the
Company or any subsidiary at any time after the Closing Date on terms and
conditions substantially similar to those used in its current sales to the
Company and its subsidiaries, subject only to general and price increases or
other general changes in the terms of trade, unless comparable supplies,
merchandise or other goods are readily available from other sources on
comparable terms and conditions.   (b) Neither the Company nor any
subsidiary has received any written notice, or, to the knowledge of the
Company, oral notice, that any significant customer intends to terminate,
limit or reduce its business relations with the Company or any subsidiary at
any time after the Closing Date, subject to general changes in the terms of
trade.   (c) Neither the Company nor any subsidiary has received any
written notice, or, to the knowledge of the Company, oral notice that any
significant distributors, sales representatives, sales agents, or other third
party sellers, will not sell or market the products or services of the
Company or any subsidiary at any time after the Closing Date on terms and
conditions substantially similar to those used in the current sales and
distribution contracts of the Company and its subsidiaries, subject to
general changes in the terms of trade.   2.24. Written Opinion of Financial
Advisor. The Company has received the written opinion of Lazard, dated
December 7, 2003 (a true, correct and complete copy of which has been
delivered to Purchaser by the Company), to the effect that, based upon and
subject to the matters set forth therein and as of the date thereof, the Per
Share Amount to be paid to the holders of Shares in the Offer, is fair, from
a financial point of view, to such holders and such opinion has not been
withdrawn or modified.   2.25. Transactions With Affiliates. Except as set
forth in Section 2.25 of the Company Disclosure Letter (other than
compensation and benefits received in the ordinary course of business as an
employee or director of the Company or its subsidiaries) (collectively, the
"Affiliate Transactions"), no director, officer or other "Affiliate" (as
hereinafter defined) of the Company or any "Associate" (as hereinafter
defined) of any director, officer or other Affiliate of the Company, directly
or indirectly, has any interest in: (i) any contract, arrangement or
understanding with, or relating to the business or operations of the Company
or any subsidiary; (ii) any loan, arrangement, understanding, agreement or
contract for or relating to indebtedness of the Company or any subsidiary; or
(iii) any property (real, personal or mixed), tangible, or intangible, used
or currently intended to be used in, the business or operations of the   
-20-  Company or any subsidiary. For purposes of this Section 2.25, the
terms "Affiliate" and "Associate" shall have the same meaning as set forth in
Rule 12b-2 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act; provided, however,
that for purposes of this Section 2.25, the term "Associate" shall not
include any corporation or organization of which any person is a beneficial
owner of ten percent or more of any class of securities of such corporation
or organization unless such person holds ten percent or more of such
securities as of the date hereof.   2.26. Labor Matters.   (a) Except as
specified in Section 2.26(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter, neither the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to any labor or collective
bargaining agreement, and there are no labor or collective bargaining
agreements which otherwise pertain to employees of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries. The Company has heretofore made available to Purchaser true,
complete and correct copies of the agreements set forth in Section 2.26(a) of
the Company Disclosure Letter, together with all amendments,
modifications, supplements or side letters affecting the duties, rights and
obligations of any party thereunder.   (b) Except as provided in the labor
or collective bargaining agreements listed in Section 2.26(a) of the Company
Disclosure Letter, no employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries are
represented by any labor organization and, to the knowledge of the Company,
no labor organization or group of employees of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries has made a pending demand for recognition or certification.
There are no representation or certification proceedings or petitions seeking
a representation proceeding presently pending or threatened in writing to be
brought or filed with the National Labor Relations Board or any other labor
relations tribunal or authority and, to the knowledge of the Company, there
are no organizing activities involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries
pending with any labor organization or group of employees of the Company or
any of its subsidiaries.   (c) Except as specified in Section 2.26(c) of the
Company Disclosure Letter, there are no and since January 1, 2003, there have
not been any (A) unfair labor practice charges, grievances or complaints
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company
or any of its subsidiaries, by or on behalf of any employee or group of
employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (B) complaints, charges
or claims against the Company or any of its subsidiaries pending, or
threatened in writing to be brought or filed, with any Governmental Authority
or arbitrator based on, arising out of, in connection with, or otherwise
relating to the employment or termination of employment of any individual by
the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or (C) strikes, lock-out disputes,
slowdowns or work stoppages pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened against the Company or any of its subsidiaries.   2.27.
Insurance Policies. Section 2.27 of the Company Disclosure Letter contains an
accurate list of all material insurance policies in force naming the Company
or any of its subsidiaries as an insured or beneficiary or as a loss payable
payee or for which the Company or any of its subsidiaries has paid or
is obligated to pay all or part of the premiums. All premiums that to date
have become due under such policies have been paid. Neither the Company nor
any of its subsidiaries has received notice of any pending or threatened
cancellation or premium increase (retroactive or otherwise) with respect
thereof, and each of the Company and its subsidiaries is in compliance in all
material respects with all conditions    -21-  contained therein. There
are no material pending claims against such insurance policies by the Company
or any of its subsidiaries as to which insurers are defending under
reservation of rights or have denied liability, and there exists no material
claim under such insurance policies that has not been properly filed by the
Company or any of its subsidiaries. Except for the self-insurance retentions
or deductibles set forth in the policies contained in the aforementioned
list, the policies are adequate in scope and amount to cover all prudent and
reasonably foreseeable risks that may arise in the conduct of the business of
the Company and its subsidiaries.   2.28. Acquisitions and Divestitures. Set
forth in Section 2.28 of the Company Disclosure Letter is a list of each
person, business or product line acquired or sold by the Company or any
subsidiary since January 1, 1998. The Company has provided to Purchaser a
true, accurate and complete copy of each acquisition or disposition agreement
related to the foregoing and each contract for the grant to any person of any
right of first refusal or right of first offer to purchase any of the
Company\'s or its subsidiaries\' assets, except pursuant to contracts or
other arrangements, including distribution agreements, entered into in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice.   2.29.
Confidentiality and Standstill Agreements. Except as set forth in Section
2.29 of the Company Disclosure Letter, each bidder participating in
the process relating to the sale of the Company conducted by Lazard has
executed and delivered to the Company a confidentiality agreement with
provisions substantially similar to the Confidentiality Agreement (as
hereinafter defined), including, without limitation, the standstill
provisions contained therein.   ARTICLE III.   REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER   Purchaser represents and warrants to the Company
that:   3.1. Organization and Good Standing. Purchaser and each of
its subsidiaries is a legal entity duly organized, validly existing and in
good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or
organization and has all requisite corporate or other power, as the case may
be, and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on
its business as now being conducted.   3.2. Authorization; Binding
Agreement. Purchaser has all requisite corporate power and authority to
execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and
validly authorized by the Board of Directors of Purchaser, and no other
corporate proceedings on the part of Purchaser or any Purchaser
subsidiary are necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of this
Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This
Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Purchaser and
constitutes the legal, valid and binding agreement of Purchaser, enforceable
against Purchaser in accordance with its terms, subject to the Enforceability
Exceptions.    -22-   3.3. Approvals. No Consent from or with any
Governmental Authority or any other person on the part of Purchaser or any
subsidiary of Purchaser is required in connection with the execution or
delivery by Purchaser of this Agreement or the consummation by Purchaser of
the transactions contemplated hereby other than (i) filings under the HSR Act
and, if applicable, Regulation (EEC) No. 4064/89 of the Council of the
European Union, (ii) such filings as may be required in any jurisdiction
where Purchaser is qualified or authorized to do business as a foreign
corporation in order to maintain such qualification or authorization and
(iii) Foreign Antitrust Filings.   3.4. No Violations. The execution and
delivery of this Agreement, the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby and the compliance by Purchaser with any of the provisions hereof will
not (i) conflict with or result in any breach of any provision of the
Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws or other governing instruments of
Purchaser or any of its subsidiaries, (ii) require any Consent under or
result in a violation or breach of, or constitute (with or without due notice
or lapse of time or both) a default (or give rise to any right of
termination, cancellation or acceleration) under any of the terms, conditions
or provisions of any material contract, instrument, permit, license or
franchise to which the Purchaser is a party or by which Purchaser or any
of its assets or property is subject, (iii) result in the creation or
imposition of any material Lien of any kind upon any of the assets of
Purchaser or any subsidiary of Purchaser or (iv) subject to obtaining the
Consents from Governmental Authorities referred to in Section 3.3 hereof,
contravene any Law to which Purchaser or any subsidiary of Purchaser or its
or any of their respective assets or properties are subject.   3.5. Offer
Documents. The Schedule TO and the Offer Documents will comply in all
material respects with the Securities Exchange Act and any applicable UK
securities Laws. Neither the Schedule TO nor the Offer Documents nor any
amendments thereof or supplements thereto will, at any time the Schedule TO
or the Offer Documents are filed with the SEC or first published, sent
or given to the Company\'s stockholders, contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Purchaser does not make
any representation or warranty with respect to any information that has
been supplied by the Company or its accountants, counsel or other
authorized representatives for use in any of the foregoing documents.  
3.6. Finders and Investment Bankers. Neither Purchaser nor any of
its officers or directors has employed any broker or finder or otherwise
incurred any liability for any brokerage fees, commissions or finders\' fees
in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby.   3.7. Financing
Arrangements. Purchaser has funds available to it sufficient to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including without limitation
to purchase the Shares in accordance with the terms hereof.    -23-  
ARTICLE IV.   ADDITIONAL COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY   The Company covenants
and agrees as follows:   4.1. Conduct of Business of the Company and its
Subsidiaries. Unless Purchaser shall otherwise agree in writing (which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned) and
except as expressly provided in this Agreement or in the Company Disclosure
Letter, during the period from the date of this Agreement to the Closing, (i)
the Company shall conduct, and it shall cause its subsidiaries to conduct,
its or their businesses in the ordinary course and consistent with past
practice, and the Company shall, and it shall cause its subsidiaries to, use
its or their reasonable commercial efforts to preserve intact its business
organization, to keep available the services of its or their officers and
employees and to maintain satisfactory relationships with all persons with
whom it does, or they do, business, (ii) the Company shall timely file all
reports, forms or other documents with the SEC required pursuant to the
Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act, (iii) the Company
shall enforce any and all confidentiality and standstill agreements entered
into with persons other than Purchaser, and (iv) without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, the Company shall not, and the Company shall
cause each Company subsidiary not to:   (A) amend or propose to amend its
Memorandum and Articles of  Association or by-laws (or comparable governing
instruments);   (B) authorize for issuance, issue, grant, sell, repurchase,
acquire,  pledge, dispose of, encumber or propose to issue, grant, sell,
repurchase,  acquire, pledge, dispose of or encumber any shares of, or any
subscriptions,  warrants, puts, calls, unsatisfied preemptive rights, options
or rights of  any kind to acquire or sell any shares of, the capital stock or
other equity  securities of the Company or any of the its subsidiaries
including, but not  limited to, any securities convertible into or
exchangeable for shares of  stock of any class of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, except for the  issuance of shares pursuant to the exercise of
Company Options outstanding as  of the date hereof;   (C) split, combine or
reclassify any shares of its capital stock or  declare, pay or set aside any
dividend or other distribution (whether in  cash, stock or property or any
combination thereof) in respect of its capital  stock, other than dividends
or distributions to the Company or a subsidiary  of the Company, or directly
or indirectly redeem, purchase or otherwise  acquire or offer to acquire any
shares of its capital stock or other equity  securities; provided, however,
that the Company shall not declare, pay or set  aside any dividend or other
distribution in respect of its capital stock to  any U.S. subsidiary;   (D)
other than pursuant to agreements or arrangements between the  Company and
any subsidiary of the Company or agreements or arrangements  between
subsidiaries of the Company, in each case, in the ordinary course of 
business consistent with past practice (a) create, incur or assume any debt 
for borrowed money, except (i) refinancings of existing obligations on terms 
that are no less favorable to the Company or its subsidiaries than the 
existing terms, (ii) for borrowings under existing credit facilities in the 
ordinary    -24-   course of business consistent with past practice and
(iii) for accounts  payable in the ordinary course; or (b) assume, guarantee,
endorse or  otherwise become liable or responsible (whether directly,
indirectly,  contingently or otherwise) for the obligations of any
person;   (E) except as set forth in Section 4.1(E) of the Company
Disclosure  Letter, make any capital expenditures or make any loans, advances
or capital  contributions to, or investments in, any other person in excess
of $100,000  individually or $500,000 in the aggregate (other than to a
non-U.S.  subsidiary); provided, however, the Company shall not make any
loans,  advances on capital contribution to, or investments in, any U.S.
subsidiary;   (F) acquire by way of merger, investment, consolidation or 
otherwise, an operating business (or control of such business) of any other 
person;   (G) other than in the ordinary course of business consistent
with  past practice, including, without limitation, pursuant to agreements
or  arrangements between the Company and any subsidiary of the Company or 
agreements or arrangements between subsidiaries of the Company, voluntarily 
incur any material liability or material obligation (absolute, accrued, 
contingent or otherwise);   (H) other than pursuant to agreements or
arrangements between the  Company and any subsidiary of the Company or
agreements or arrangements  between subsidiaries of the Company, in each
case, in the ordinary course of  business consistent with past practice,
sell, transfer, dispose of,  voluntarily create, or take any action that
would result in the creation of,  a Lien on, or otherwise voluntarily
encumber, or take any action that would  result in an encumbrance of, or
agree to sell, transfer, dispose of, create a  Lien on, or otherwise encumber
any assets or properties, real, personal or  mixed other than (x) to secure
debt permitted under subclause (a) of clause  (D), (y) sales of inventory or
other assets or properties in the ordinary  course of business consistent
with past practice or (x) Liens or other  encumbrances that are not material
to the Company and its subsidiaries taken  as a whole;   (I) make any
change to the Company Benefit Plans or agree to  increase or increase in any
manner or accelerate the payment, right to  payment or vesting of the
compensation (including bonuses, severance, profit  sharing, retirement,
deferred compensation, stock option, insurance or other  compensation or
benefits) of any directors or officers of the Company or  enter into,
establish, amend or terminate any employment, consulting,  retention, change
in control, collective bargaining, bonus or other incentive  compensation,
profit sharing, health or other welfare, stock option or other  equity,
pension, retirement, vacation, severance, deferred compensation or  other
compensation or benefit plan, policy, agreement, trust, fund or  arrangement
with, for or in respect of, any stockholder, officer, director,  other
employee, agent, consultant or affiliate other than as required by law  or
pursuant to the terms of agreements in effect on the date of this  Agreement;
provided that nothing in this paragraph (I) shall prohibit any  annual
increase in compensation granted by the Company or any subsidiary  thereof in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice    -25-  
(J) enter into, amend or voluntarily terminate, or take any action  that
would result in the termination of, any Company Material Contract, or  waive,
release or assign any material rights or material claims, including,  without
limitation, any confidentiality or standstill agreements with persons  other
than Purchaser;   (K) enter into any compromise or settlement of, or take
any other  material action with respect to, any litigation, action, suit,
claim,  proceeding or investigation, other than the prosecution, defense
and  settlement of routine litigation, actions, suits, claims, proceedings
or  investigations in the ordinary course of business;   (L) adopt or enter
into a plan of complete or partial liquidation,  dissolution, merger,
consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other  material
reorganization;   (M) except to the extent permitted under clause (N) below,
change  any method of reporting income, deductions or other items for income
or  franchise tax purposes, make or change any material election with respect
to  Taxes, agree to an extension or waiver of the limitation period to any
claim  or assessment in respect of Taxes, or make or rescind any Tax election
or  settle or compromise any material claim or material assessment in respect
of  Taxes;   (N) make any change in any method of accounting or
accounting  practice or policy, except as required by any changes in
applicable generally  accepted accounting principles;   (O) enter into any
agreement, understanding or commitment that  restrains, limits or impedes the
Company\'s or any of its subsidiaries\'  ability to compete with or conduct
any business or line of business;   (P) plan, announce, implement or effect
any reduction in force  program, lay-off program, early retirement program,
severance program or  other program concerning the termination of employment
of employees of the  Company or any subsidiary;   (Q) other than pursuant
to agreements or arrangements between the  Company and any subsidiary of the
Company or agreements or arrangements  between subsidiaries of the Company,
in each case, in the ordinary course of  business consistent with past
practice, enter into any Affiliate  Transactions; or   (R) authorize any
of, or commit or agree to take any of, the  foregoing actions in respect of
which it is restricted by the provisions of  this Section 4.1.   4.2.
Notification of Certain Matters. The Company shall give prompt notice to
Purchaser if any of the following occur after the date of this Agreement: (i)
receipt by the Company of any written notice or other communication in
writing from any third party alleging that the Consent of such third party is
or may be required in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, provided that such Consent would have been required to have been
disclosed in this Agreement; (ii) receipt by the Company of any material
written notice or other material communication in writing from any
Governmental Authority (including, but not    -26-  limited to, the NASD
or any securities exchange) in connection with the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement; (iii) the Company becomes aware of an occurrence or
nonoccurrence of an event which would be reasonably likely to (A) have a
Company Material Adverse Effect, (B) result in a breach of a representation,
warranty, covenant or other agreement hereunder or (C) cause any condition
set forth in Annex I hereto to be unsatisfied at any time prior to
the Closing or (iv) receipt by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of any
notice in writing as to (A) the commencement or threat of any Litigation
relating to or affecting the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, (B) alleged noncompliance with or liability under any
Environmental Law, in each case, which is material to the Company and its
subsidiaries taken as a whole or (C) Environmental Contamination, involving
or affecting the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or any of their
respective properties or assets, which is material to the Company and its
subsidiaries taken as a whole. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the breach or
failure by the Company to comply with any of the terms set forth in Section
4.2(i), Section 4.2(iii)(A), Section 4.2(iii)(B) (only to the extent such
Section 4.2 (iii)(B) relates to the breach of representations or warranties)
or Section 4.2(iv) shall not entitle Purchaser to any remedy other than the
remedies, if any, that would be available to Purchaser under the terms of
this Agreement (other than this Section 4.2) upon the occurrence or non-
occurrence of any of the events described in Section 4.2(i), Section
4.2(iii)(A), Section 4.2(iii)(B) (only to the extent such Section
4.2 (iii)(B) relates to the breach of representations or warranties) or
Section 4.2(iv).   4.3. Access and Information.   (a) Between the date of
this Agreement and the Closing Date, the Company shall give, and shall direct
its accountants and legal counsel to give, Purchaser and its authorized
representatives (including, without limitation, its financial advisors,
accountants and legal counsel), at all reasonable times, access as reasonably
requested to all offices and other facilities and to all employees,
contracts, agreements, commitments, books and records of or pertaining to the
Company and its subsidiaries, will permit the foregoing to make such
reasonable inspections and investigations as they may require and will cause
its officers promptly to furnish Purchaser with (a) such financial
and operating data and other information with respect to the business and
properties of the Company and its subsidiaries as Purchaser may from time to
time reasonably request, and (b) a copy of each material report, schedule and
other document filed or received by the Company or any of its subsidiaries
pursuant to the requirements of applicable securities laws or the NASD.
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 4.3(a) to the contrary,
without first consulting with, and providing notice to, the Company,
Purchaser shall not, and shall cause its officers, directors, employees,
affiliates, financial advisors and other representatives acting on its behalf
not to, contact or otherwise participate in discussions with any customer,
supplier, distributor, contractor, employee or former employee of the Company
or any subsidiary of the Company. Between the date hereof and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, Purchaser shall not
engage in any environmental inspections or investigations that involve
drilling, testing, or sampling of or at, or structural intrusions, to any
property (real or personal) of the Company or any subsidiary of the
Company.   (b) Purchaser shall, at the Company\'s request, promptly provide
the Company with copies of any and all final written third party reports
resulting from environmental assessments performed by or on behalf of
Purchaser on the Company\'s and any subsidiaries\' facilities or on the
operations conducted thereon.    -27-   (c) No investigation pursuant to
this Section 4.3 or otherwise by Purchaser shall affect any representation or
warranty in this Agreement of any party hereto or any condition of the
obligations of the parties hereto.   4.4. Reasonable Commercial Efforts.
Subject to the terms and conditions herein provided, the Company agrees to
use its reasonable commercial efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all
actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or
advisable to consummate and make effective as promptly as practicable the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, but not limited to,
(i) obtaining all Consents from Governmental Authorities and other third
parties required for the consummation of the Offer and the transactions
contemplated thereby and (ii) timely making all necessary filings under the
HSR Act and all Foreign Antitrust Filings (collectively, the "Required
Approvals"). Upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereof, the Company
agrees to use reasonable commercial efforts to take, or cause to be taken,
all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary to satisfy
the other conditions to the Offer set forth herein and in Annex I.   4.5.
Public Announcements. So long as this Agreement is in effect, the Company
shall not issue or cause the publication of any press release or any other
announcement with respect to the Offer or the transactions
contemplated hereby without the written consent of Purchaser, except for the
Schedule 14D-9 and except where such release or announcement is required by
applicable Law or pursuant to any applicable listing agreement with, or rules
or regulations of, the NASD, in which case, the Company, prior to making such
announcement, will consult with Purchaser regarding the same.   4.6.
Compliance. In consummating the transactions contemplated hereby, the Company
shall comply in all material respects with the provisions of the Securities
Exchange Act and the Securities Act and shall comply, and/or cause its
subsidiaries to comply or to be in compliance, in all material respects, with
all other Laws applicable to such transactions; provided, however, that
the foregoing shall not apply to any information required to be provided
by Purchaser.   4.7. No Solicitation. (a) The Company shall, and shall
direct and cause its officers, directors, employees, representatives and
agents to, immediately cease any discussions or negotiations with any parties
that may be ongoing with respect to a Company Takeover Proposal (as
hereinafter defined) and use its reasonable commercial efforts to obtain the
return from all such persons or cause the destruction of all copies of
confidential information provided to such persons by the Company or its
representatives that are still in possession of such persons. The Company
shall not, nor shall it permit any of its subsidiaries to, nor shall it
authorize or permit any of its or their officers, directors or employees or
any investment banker, financial advisor, attorney, accountant or other
representative retained by it or any of its subsidiaries to, directly
or indirectly, (i) solicit, initiate or encourage (including by way of
furnishing information), or take any other action designed or reasonably
likely to facilitate, any inquiries or the making of any proposal which
constitutes, or may reasonably be expected to lead to, any Company Takeover
Proposal or (ii) participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding any
Company Takeover Proposal; provided, however, if, at any time prior to the
Closing Date, (A) the Board of Directors of the Company (x) receives an
unsolicited, bona fide written Company Takeover Proposal that was made in
circumstances not involving a breach of this Agreement and    -28-  (y)
determines in good faith, (1) after consultation with and based upon
the written advice of outside legal counsel, that the failure to take the
actions set forth in subclauses (v) and (w) below in this sentence would
constitute a breach of its fiduciary duties to the Company\'s stockholders
under applicable Law and (2) after consultation with and based upon the
advice of its financial advisor, that such Company Takeover Proposal is a
Company Superior Proposal (as hereinafter defined) and (B) prior to
furnishing any non-public information to such person, the Company receives
from such person an executed confidentiality agreement with provisions no
less favorable to the Company than the Confidentiality Agreement (the
"Confidentiality Agreement"), dated as of July 22, 2003, by and between the
Company and Purchaser (including the standstill provisions contained therein
but provided that such confidentiality agreement may not include any
provision calling for an exclusive right to negotiate with the Company), then
the Company may (v) furnish information with respect to the Company to the
person making such Company Takeover Proposal and (w) participate in
discussions and negotiations with such person regarding such Company
Takeover Proposal. "Company Takeover Proposal" means any inquiry, proposal or
offer from any person relating to any direct or indirect acquisition or
purchase of 10% or more of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries or
10% or more of any class of equity securities of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, any tender offer or exchange offer that if consummated would
result in any person beneficially owning 10% or more of any class of equity
securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, any merger,
consolidation, share exchange, business combination, recapitalization,
liquidation, dissolution or similar transaction involving the Company or any
of its subsidiaries, other than the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   (b) Except as set forth in this Section 4.7, neither the Board
of Directors of the Company nor any committee thereof shall (i) withdraw or
modify, or propose publicly to withdraw or modify, in a manner adverse to
Purchaser, the approval or recommendation by such Board of Directors or such
committee of this Agreement, the Offer and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) approve or recommend, or propose
publicly to approve or recommend, any Company Takeover Proposal or (iii)
cause the Company to enter into any letter of intent, agreement in principle,
acquisition agreement or other similar agreement (each, a "Company
Acquisition Agreement") related to any Company Takeover Proposal.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that prior to the Closing Date,
(A) the Board of Directors of the Company (x) receives an unsolicited, bona
fide written Company Takeover Proposal that was made in circumstances
not involving a breach of this Agreement and (y) determines in good faith,
(1) after consultation with and based upon the written advice of outside
legal counsel, that the failure to take the actions set forth in subclauses
(x), (y) and/or (z) below of this sentence would constitute a breach of its
fiduciary duties to the Company\'s stockholders under applicable Law, and (2)
after consultation with and based upon the advice of its financial advisor,
the Board of Directors determines that such Company Takeover Proposal is a
Company Superior Proposal and (B) prior to furnishing any non-public
information to such person, the Company receives from such person an executed
confidentiality agreement with provisions no less favorable to the Company
than the Confidentiality Agreement (including the standstill provisions
contained therein but provided that such confidentiality agreement may not
include any provision calling for an exclusive right to negotiate with the
Company), the Board of Directors of the Company may (subject to the following
proviso and the following sentences) (x) withdraw or modify its approval or
recommendation of the Offer or (y) approve or recommend a Company Superior
Proposal or (z) not earlier than the later of (1) the date that is   
-29-  ten (10) business days following the date of the expiration of the
Offer (measured by reference to the expiration date of the Offer as it exists
on the date that the Company provides notice to Purchaser of its intention to
withdraw or modify its approval or recommendation of the Offer or approve or
recommend a Company Superior Proposal, in each case in accordance with the
immediately following provisos) and (2) the date that is ten (10) business
days following the first date on which all conditions to the Offer set forth
in Annex I hereto, other than the Minimum Condition, shall have been
satisfied or waived, provided that the Offer has not closed on or before such
date, terminate this Agreement (and concurrently with such termination, cause
the Company to enter into any Company Acquisition Agreement with respect to
any such Company Superior Proposal); provided, however, that with respect to
subclauses (x), (y) and (z) above, (v) at least five business days have
elapsed following the delivery to Purchaser of a written notice of the
determination by the Board of Directors of the Company to take the actions
specified in subclauses (x), (y) or (z) above and (1) the Company has
complied with Section 4.7(c) and (2) during such five business day period,
the Company otherwise cooperates with Purchaser with respect to the Company
Takeover Proposal that constitutes a Company Superior Proposal with the
intent of enabling Purchaser to engage in good faith negotiations to make
such adjustments in the terms and conditions of the Offer as would enable
Purchaser to proceed with the Offer on such adjusted terms and (w) at the end
of such five business day period the Board of Directors of the Company
continues reasonably to believe that the Company Takeover
Proposal constitutes a Company Superior Proposal. Nothing in this Section
4.7, and no action taken by the Board of Directors of Company pursuant to
this Section 4.7, will (i) permit the Company to enter into any agreement
(other than a confidentiality agreement consistent with Section 4.7(b)(B)
above) providing for any transaction contemplated by a Company Takeover
Proposal for as long as this Agreement remains in effect or (ii) affect in
any manner any other obligation of the Company under this Agreement. For
purposes of this Agreement, a "Company Superior Proposal" means any bona fide
proposal made by a third party to acquire, directly or indirectly, for
consideration consisting of cash and/or securities, more than 90% of the
combined voting power of the Shares then outstanding or all or substantially
all the assets of the Company and otherwise on terms which the Board of
Directors of the Company determines in its good faith judgment (based on the
advice of its financial and outside legal advisors) to be materially more
favorable to the Company\'s stockholders (after considering any adjustment to
the terms and conditions of the Offer in response to a Company Takeover
Proposal) than the Offer and (x) for which financing, to the extent required,
is then committed or which is reasonably capable of being financed by such
third party and (y) is reasonably likely of being completed.   (c) In
addition to the obligations of the Company set forth in paragraphs (a) and
(b) of this Section 4.7, the Company (i) shall promptly (and in any event
within 24 hours) advise Purchaser orally and in writing of any request for
information or access to the properties, books or records of the Company or
any of its subsidiaries or of any Company Takeover Proposal, the material
terms and conditions of such request or the Company Takeover Proposal and the
identity of the person making such request or Company Takeover Proposal and
the Company shall keep Purchaser informed in reasonable detail of the
terms, status and other pertinent details of any such Company Takeover
Proposal, and (ii) shall deliver to Purchaser concurrently with its delivery
to such person any non-public information delivered to such person not
previously provided to Purchaser.    -30-   (d) Nothing contained in
this Section 4.7 shall prohibit the Company from taking and disclosing to its
stockholders a position contemplated by Rule 14e-2(a) promulgated under the
Securities Exchange Act or from making any disclosure to the Company\'s
stockholders if, in the good faith judgment of the Board of Directors of the
Company, after consultation with outside counsel, failure so to disclose
would constitute a breach of its fiduciary duties to the Company\'s
stockholders under applicable law; provided, however, neither the Company nor
its Board of Directors nor any committee thereof shall, except as permitted
by Section 4.7(b), withdraw or modify, or propose publicly to withdraw or
modify, its position with respect to the Offer or approve or recommend,
or propose publicly to approve or recommend, a Company Takeover Proposal.  
4.8. SEC and Stockholder Filings. The Company shall send to Purchaser a copy
of all public reports and materials as and when it sends the same to
its stockholders, the SEC or any state or foreign securities commission.  
4.9. Director Resignations. The Company shall use reasonable
commercial efforts to cause to be delivered to Purchaser resignations of any
or all the directors of the Company (as shall be requested by Purchaser) to
be effective upon the Closing, subject to Purchaser purchasing not less than
51% of the Shares at the Closing. The Company shall use reasonable commercial
efforts to cause such directors, prior to resignation, to appoint, and such
directors shall appoint, new directors nominated by Purchaser to fill such
vacancies.   4.10. Shareholder Litigation. The Company shall be entitled to
control the defense and settlement of any shareholder Litigation against the
Company and its directors relating to the transactions contemplated hereby;
provided, however, that the Company may not effect the settlement of any such
shareholder Litigation without the consent of Purchaser unless (i) any
amounts required to be paid by the Company in connection therewith are fully
covered (except for any deductible with respect thereto) by insurance
currently maintained by the Company; (ii) the Company does not, and is not
required to, admit any guilt in connection therewith; and (iii) the terms of
such settlement do not impose a continuing obligation on the Company which
results in, or is reasonably likely to result in, a Company Material Adverse
Effect.   4.11. Board Recommendations. In connection with the Offer, the
Board of Directors of the Company shall, subject to Section 4.7, recommend to
the holders of the Shares that such holders tender their Shares in the
Offer.   ARTICLE V.   ADDITIONAL COVENANTS OF PURCHASER   Purchaser
covenants and agrees as follows:   5.1. Reasonable Commercial Efforts.
Subject to the terms and conditions herein provided, Purchaser agrees to use
its reasonable commercial efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions
and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable to
consummate and make effective as promptly as practicable the transactions
contemplated by this    -31-  Agreement, including, but not limited to,
obtaining or making all the Required Approvals or related filings. Upon the
terms and subject to the conditions hereof, Purchaser agrees to use
reasonable commercial efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and
to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary to satisfy the other
conditions to the Offer set forth herein and in Annex I.   5.2. Public
Announcements. So long as this Agreement is in effect, Purchaser shall not,
and shall cause its affiliates not to, issue or cause the publication of any
press release or any other announcement with respect to the Offer or the
transactions contemplated hereby without the written consent of the Company,
except for the Offer Documents and except where such release or announcement
is required by applicable Law or pursuant to any applicable listing agreement
with, or rules or regulations of, the New York Stock Exchange, in which case,
Purchaser, prior to making such announcement, will consult with the Company
regarding the same.   5.3. Compliance. In consummating the transactions
contemplated hereby, Purchaser shall comply in all material respects with the
provisions of the Securities Exchange Act and the Securities Act and shall
comply, and/or cause its subsidiaries to comply or to be in compliance, in
all material respects, with all other applicable Laws; provided, however,
that the foregoing shall not apply to any information required to be provided
by the Company.   5.4. Indemnification. For a period of six years from and
after the Closing Date, Purchaser shall not, and shall not allow the Company
or any of its subsidiaries to, amend, repeal or otherwise modify the
indemnification arrangements for the benefit of individuals who immediately
prior to the Closing Date were directors, officers, agents, employees of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries or otherwise entitled to indemnification
under the Company\'s or any of its subsidiaries\' constitutive documents (an
"Indemnified Party") contained in the constitutive documents of the Company
or any of its subsidiaries prior to the Closing Date in any manner that would
adversely affect the rights thereunder of any Indemnified Party. The Company
shall, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable Law, including,
without limitation, Section 310 of the Companies Act, and regardless of
whether the Closing occurs, indemnify, defend and hold harmless each
Indemnified Party against any costs or expenses (including reasonable
attorneys\' fees), judgments, fines, losses, claims, damages, liabilities and
amounts paid in settlement in connection with any claim, action, suit,
proceeding or investigation, including, without limitation, liabilities
arising out of this Agreement or under the Securities Exchange Act occurring
through the Closing Date, and in the event of any such claim, action, suit,
proceeding or investigation (whether arising before or after the
Closing Date), (i) the Company shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses of
counsel selected by the Indemnified Parties, which counsel shall be
reasonably satisfactory to the Company, promptly as statements therefor are
received, and (ii) the Company will cooperate in the defense of any such
matter; provided, however, that the Company shall not be liable for any
settlement effected without its written consent (which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld). After the Closing Date, Purchaser shall guarantee to
the fullest extent permitted under applicable Law, including, without
limitation, Section 310 of the Companies Act, the payment obligations of the
Company under this Section 5.4(a) solely to the extent the Company is
permitted under applicable Law, including, without limitation, Section 310 of
the Companies Act, to satisfy such payment obligations. Any Indemnified Party
wishing to claim indemnification under this Section 5.4(a),   
-32-  upon learning of any such claim, action, suit, proceeding or
investigation, shall promptly notify Purchaser (but the failure so to notify
shall not relieve Purchaser or the Company, as the case may be, from any
liability which it may have under this Section 5.4(a) except to the extent
such failure materially prejudices Purchaser or the Company, as the case may
be). For six years after the Closing Date, the Company shall be required to
maintain or obtain officers\' and directors\' liability insurance covering
the Indemnified Parties who are currently covered by the Company\'s
officers\' and directors\' liability insurance policy that is at least equal
to the coverage provided under the Company\'s current directors\' and
officers\' liability insurance policy, to the extent that such liability
insurance can be maintained at an annual cost to the Company not greater than
150 percent of the premium for the current Company directors\' and officers\'
liability insurance (which is $126,835); provided that if such insurance
cannot be so maintained at such cost, the Company shall maintain as much of
such insurance as can be so maintained at a cost equal to 150 percent of the
current annual premium for such insurance. From and after the Closing
Date, Purchaser shall cause the Company to reimburse all expenses,
including reasonable attorney\'s fees and expenses, incurred by any person to
enforce the obligations of Purchaser and the Company under this Section 5.4,
in all cases, only to the extent the Company is permitted under applicable
Law, including, without limitation, Section 310 of the Companies Act, to
reimburse such expenses.   (b) From and after the Closing Date, if the
Company or any of its successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges
into any other person and shall not be the continuing or surviving
corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers all
or substantially all of its properties and assets to any person, then and in
each such case, proper provision shall be made so that the successors and
assigns of the Company assume the obligations set forth in this Section
5.4.   ARTICLE VI.   TERMINATION AND ABANDONMENT   6.1. Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Closing:   (a) by
mutual written consent of Purchaser and the Company;   (b) by Purchaser or
the Company if any Governmental Authority shall have issued, enacted, entered
or enforced (A) a Law prohibiting the Offer or making the Offer illegal or
(B) an injunction, judgment, order, decree or ruling or taken any other
action permanently enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and such
injunction, judgment, order, decree or ruling or other action shall have
become final and nonappealable; provided, that the right to terminate
this Agreement under this Section 6.1(b) shall not be available to any such
party if the issuance of such final, non-appealable injunction, judgment,
order, decree or ruling was primarily due to the failure of such party to
perform any of its obligations under this Agreement (including Section 5.1
(in the case of Purchaser) or Section 4.4 (in the case of the Company);   
-33-   (c) by Purchaser prior to the Closing if (i) the representations
and warranties set forth in Section 2.17(b) shall not be true and correct in
all respects on and as of the date of this Agreement and on and as of the
date of such determination as if made on such date (other than those
representations and warranties that address matters only as of a particular
date which shall be true and correct in all respects as of such date); (ii)
the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in this Agreement
(other than those set forth in Section 2.17(b)) shall not be true and correct
on and as of the date of this Agreement and on and as of the date of such
determination as if made on such date (other than those representations and
warranties that address matters only as of a particular date which shall be
true and correct as of such date), except where the failure to be true and
correct (without giving effect to any limitation set forth therein arising
from the use of the words, "material" or "materially", or the phrase,
"Company Material Adverse Effect") would not have or would not reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material
Adverse Effect, and, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii) above, the failure
of such representations and warranties to be true and correct is incapable of
being cured or has not been cured within 20 days after the giving of written
notice to the Company; or (iii) the Company shall have failed to perform in
any material respect any of its covenants or agreements contained in this
Agreement, which failure to perform is incapable of being cured or has
not been cured within 20 days after the giving of written notice to the
Company;   (d) by Purchaser if (i) the Board of Directors of the Company or
any committee thereof shall have withdrawn or modified in a manner adverse
to Purchaser, or publicly taken a position materially inconsistent with,
its approval or recommendation of this Agreement, the Offer or the
other transactions contemplated hereby or failed to reconfirm its
recommendation within 5 business days after a written request to do so, or
approved, endorsed or recommended any Company Takeover Proposal or (ii) the
Board of Directors of the Company or any committee thereof shall have
resolved or publicly disclosed any intention to take any of the foregoing
actions;   (e) subject to the proviso in Section 1.1(d)(i), by Purchaser if
the Offer shall have expired or been terminated without any Shares being
purchased thereunder by Purchaser as a result of the occurrence of any of the
events set forth in Annex I hereto;   (f) (i) by Purchaser if the Offer
shall not have been consummated on or before May 31, 2004, provided that
Purchaser\'s failure to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement
does not result in the failure of the Offer to be consummated by such time or
(ii) by the Company if the Offer shall not have been consummated on or before
May 31, 2004, provided that Company\'s failure to perform any of its
obligations under this Agreement does not result in the failure of the Offer
to be consummated by such time;   (g) by the Company if (i) the
representations and warranties of Purchaser set forth in this Agreement shall
not be true and correct on and as of the date of this Agreement and on and as
of the date of such determination as if made on such date (other than those
representations and warranties that address matters only as of a particular
date which shall be true and correct as of such date) such that the failure
to be so true and correct has, individually or in the aggregate, a material
adverse effect on the ability of Purchaser to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement; or (ii) Purchaser shall have failed to
perform any    -34-  of its covenants or other agreements contained in
this Agreement, except where such failure to perform (without giving effect
to any limitation as to "materiality" set forth therein) would not have,
individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on the ability of
the parties to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
which breach is incapable of being cured or has not been cured within 20 days
after the giving of written notice to the Purchaser; or   (h) by the
Company in accordance with Section 4.7(b), provided, that it complies with
the applicable requirements of Section 4.7 and the applicable requirements
relating to the payment (including the timing of the payment) of the
Termination Fee (as hereinafter defined).   The party desiring to terminate
this Agreement pursuant to the preceding paragraphs shall give written notice
of such termination to the other party in accordance with Section 7.4
hereof.   6.2. Effect of Termination and Abandonment. (a) In the event
of termination of this Agreement and the abandonment of the Offer pursuant to
this Article VI, this Agreement (other than Sections 4.3(b), 4.3(c), 6.2,
7.2, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6, 7.7, 7.8, 7.9, 7.10, 7.11, 7.12, 7.13 and 7.14) shall
become void and of no effect with no liability on the part of any party
hereto (or of any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, legal or
financial advisors or other representatives); provided, however, that no such
termination shall relieve any party hereto from any liability for any breach
of any covenant or agreement contained herein or, to the extent permitted by
applicable Law, any willful or intentional breach of any representation or
warranty contained herein, in each case, prior to termination. If this
Agreement is terminated as provided herein, each party shall use its
reasonable commercial efforts to redeliver all documents, work papers and
other material (including any copies thereof) of any other party relating to
the transactions contemplated hereby, whether obtained before or after the
execution hereof, to the party furnishing the same.   (b) In the event that
(A) a bona fide Company Takeover Proposal shall have been made known to the
Company or any of its subsidiaries and made known to its stockholders
generally or shall have been made directly to its stockholders generally or
any person shall have publicly announced an intention (whether or not
conditional) to make a bona fide Company Takeover Proposal and such
Company Takeover Proposal or announced intention shall not have been
withdrawn, and thereafter this Agreement is terminated pursuant to (1)
Section 6.1(e) as a result of a failure of the Minimum Condition being
satisfied, or (2) Section 6.1(f), or (B) this Agreement is terminated by
Purchaser pursuant to Section 6.1(c)(iii) or Section 6.1(d) or this Agreement
is terminated at such time as it is terminable by Purchaser pursuant to
Section 6.1(c)(iii) or Section 6.1(d), then the Company shall promptly, but
in no event later than two business days after the date of such termination,
pay Purchaser a fee equal to $2,300,000 (the "Termination Fee"), payable by
wire transfer of same day funds. If this Agreement is terminated by the
Company pursuant to Section 6.1(h), then the Company shall, concurrently with
such termination, pay to Purchaser the Termination Fee. The Company
acknowledges that the agreements contained in this Section 6.2(b) are an
integral part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and that,
without these agreements, Purchaser would not enter into this Agreement;
accordingly, if the Company fails promptly to pay the amount due pursuant to
this    -35-  Section 6.2(b), and, in order to obtain such payment,
Purchaser commences a suit that results in a judgment against the Company for
the Termination Fee, then, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, the
Company shall pay to Purchaser its reasonable costs and expenses (including
reasonable attorneys\' fees and expenses) in connection with such suit,
together with interest on the amount of the Termination Fee.   (c) If this
Agreement is terminated at such time that this Agreement is terminable
pursuant to either (but not both) of Section 6.1(c) or Section 6.1(g), then,
subject to the following proviso, the party hereto whose representations or
warranties are breached or who has breached its covenants or other agreements
contained in this Agreement shall promptly (but not later than two business
days after receipt of written notice from other party) pay to the other
party, an amount equal to all reasonable and documented out-of-
pocket expenses and fees incurred by the other party hereto (including,
without limitation, reasonable fees and expenses payable to all legal,
accounting, financial, public relations and other professional advisors
arising out of or in connection with or related to the Offer or the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement) not to exceed $1,000,000 in the
aggregate ("Out-of-Pocket Expenses"), except as otherwise provided in this
Section 6.2(c); provided, however, Purchaser and the Company shall only be
entitled to recover its Out-of-Pocket Expenses in connection with a breach by
the other party of its representations or warranties to the extent (i) such
breach is willful or intentional and (ii) the payment to the other party of
its Out-of-Pocket Expenses in such circumstances is not prohibited under
applicable Law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the
event that any party hereto has breached any covenant set forth herein or has
willfully or intentionally breached any of its representations or warranties
set forth herein, the non-breaching party shall, in addition to being paid an
amount equal to its Out-of-Pocket Expenses as contemplated by the immediately
preceding sentence hereof, and subject to the terms of applicable Law in the
case of a willful or intentional breach by the Company or Purchaser of its
representations and warranties, be permitted to pursue any remedies available
to it at law or in equity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Purchaser
receives a Termination Fee pursuant to Section 6.2(b), Purchaser will not be
entitled to any Out-of-Pocket Expenses pursuant to this Section 6.2(c). The
parties agree that the Company\'s discovery (from Purchaser or otherwise) of
a breach of any of its representations or warranties shall not, in and of
itself, be deemed to be a willful or intentional breach by the Company of its
representations or warranties hereunder.   ARTICLE VII.  
MISCELLANEOUS   7.1. Amendment and Modification. This Agreement may be
amended, modified or supplemented only by a written agreement between the
Company and Purchaser.   7.2. Waiver of Compliance; Consents. Any failure
of the Company on the one hand, or Purchaser on the other hand, to comply
with any obligation, covenant, agreement or condition herein may be waived by
Purchaser on the one hand, or the Company on the other hand, only by a
written instrument signed by the party granting such waiver, but such waiver
or failure to insist upon strict compliance with such obligation, covenant,
agreement or condition shall not operate as a waiver of, or estoppel with
respect to, any subsequent or other failure. Whenever this Agreement requires
or permits consent by or on behalf of any party hereto, such   
-36-  consent shall be given in writing in a manner consistent with the
requirements for a waiver of compliance as set forth in this Section 7.2.  
7.3. Survival. The respective representations, warranties, covenants and
agreements of the Company and Purchaser contained herein or in
any certificates or other documents delivered prior to or at the Closing
shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement, notwithstanding
any investigation made or information obtained by the other party, but
shall terminate at the Closing, except for those contained in Sections 1.6
and 5.4 hereof, which shall survive beyond the Closing.   7.4. Notices. All
notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be
deemed to have been duly given when delivered in person, by facsimile,
receipt confirmed, or on the next business day when sent by overnight courier
or on the sixth succeeding business day when sent by registered or certified
mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested) to the respective parties at
the following addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be
specified by like notice):   (i) if to the Company, to:   Denison
International plc  14249 Industrial Parkway  Marysville, OH 43040 
Attention: Chief Financial Officer  Telecopy: (937) 642-3738   with a copy
to:   Willkie Farr and Gallagher LLP  787 Seventh Avenue  New York, NY
10019  Attention: Laurence D. Weltman, Esq.  Telecopy: 212-728-8111  
and   Allen and Overy  One New Change  London  EC4M 9QQ  Attention:
Charles McKenna, Esq.  Telecopy: 44-207-330-9999   (ii) if to Purchaser,
to:   Parker-Hannifin Corporation  6035 Parkland Boulevard  Cleveland, OH
44124    -37-   Attention: General Counsel  Telecopy: (216) 896-4027  
with copies to:   Jones Day  North Point  901 Lakeside Avenue  Cleveland,
OH 44114-1190  Attention: Patrick J. Leddy, Esq.  Telecopy: (216) 579-0212 
and   Eversheds LLP  Senator House  85 Queen Victoria Street  London EC4V
4JL  Attention: Robin Johnson, Esq.  Telecopy: 44-113-245-6188    7.5.
Binding Effect; Assignment. This Agreement and all of the provisions hereof
shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and
their respective successors and permitted assigns. Neither this Agreement nor
any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by
any of the parties hereto without the prior written consent of the other
party hereto.   7.6. Expenses. Except as expressly contemplated by Section
6.2, all costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party incurring
such costs or expenses.   7.7. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be
deemed to be made in, and in all respects shall be interpreted, construed and
governed by and in accordance with the internal laws of, the State of New
York.   7.8. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or
more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of
which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.   7.9.
Interpretation. The article and section headings contained in this Agreement
are solely for the purpose of reference, are not part of the agreement of the
parties and shall not in any way affect the meaning or interpretation of this
Agreement. As used in this Agreement, (i) the term "person" shall mean
and include an individual, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a
limited liability company, a trust, an association, an unincorporated
organization, a Governmental Authority and any other entity, (ii) unless
otherwise specified herein, the term "affiliate," with respect to any person,
shall mean and include any person controlling, controlled by or under common
control with such person, (iii) the term "subsidiary"    -38-  of any
specified person shall mean any corporation 50 percent or more of
the outstanding voting power of which, or any partnership, joint venture,
limited liability company or other entity 50 percent or more of the total
equity interest of which, is directly or indirectly owned by such specified
person and (iv) the words "to the knowledge of the Company" and similar
phrases mean the knowledge of the officers and directors of the Company upon
due inquiry.   7.10. Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the documents or
instruments referred to herein including, but not limited to, the Annex
attached hereto and the Company Disclosure Letter referred to herein, which
Annex and Company Disclosure Letter are incorporated herein by reference,
embody the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in
respect of the subject matter contained herein. There are no restrictions,
promises, representations, warranties, covenants, or undertakings, other than
those expressly set forth or referred to herein. This Agreement supersedes
all prior agreements and the understandings between the parties with respect
to such subject matter, other than the Confidentiality Agreement which shall
remain in full force and effect notwithstanding the execution of this
Agreement. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the
contrary, or any other document furnished to Purchaser concerning the
Company, its subsidiaries and their respective affiliates, the Company hereby
authorizes Purchaser and its employees, representatives or other agents, to
disclose to any and all persons without limitation of any kind the tax
treatment and tax structure of the transactions contemplated hereby and all
materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) relating to
such tax treatment or tax structure that are provided to Purchaser, except
for any information identifying the Company, its subsidiaries or their
respective affiliates. For purposes hereof, the terms "tax treatment" and
"tax structure" shall have the meaning provided by Treasury Regulation
Section 1.6011-4.   7.11. Severability. In case any provision in this
Agreement shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in a jurisdiction,
such provision shall be modified or deleted, as to the jurisdiction involved,
only to the extent necessary to render the same valid, legal and enforceable,
and the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions
hereof shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby nor shall the
validity, legality or enforceability of such provision be affected thereby in
any other jurisdiction.   7.12. Certain Remedies. (a) The parties hereto
agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the
provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their
specific terms or were otherwise breached. Accordingly, the parties further
agree that each party shall be entitled to an injunction or restraining order
to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms
and provisions hereof in any court of the United States or any state having
jurisdiction, this being in addition to any other right or remedy to which
such party may be entitled under this Agreement, at law or in equity.   (b)
The parties agree that Purchaser shall have no remedy against the Company,
whether upon termination or otherwise, in respect of any breach of
the Company\'s representations or warranties contained herein, other than:
(i) to terminate, to the extent provided in Section 6.1, this Agreement, (ii)
to refuse to consummate the Offer, to the extent provided in Annex I hereto
and (iii) in respect of intentional or willful breaches of representations
and warranties, as provided in Section 6.2.    -39-   7.13. Third
Parties. Nothing contained in this Agreement or in any instrument or document
executed by any party in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby
shall create any rights in, or be deemed to have been executed for the
benefit of, any person that is not a party hereto or thereto or a successor
or permitted assign of such a party; provided however, that the parties
hereto specifically acknowledge that the provisions of Sections 1.6 and 5.4
hereof are intended to be for the benefit of, and shall be enforceable
by, the current or former employees, officers and directors of the Company
and/or any of the subsidiaries of the Company affected thereby and their
heirs and representatives.   7.14. Disclosure Letters. The Company and
Purchaser acknowledge that (a) the Company Disclosure Letter (i) relates to
certain matters concerning the disclosures required and transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) are qualified in their entirety by
reference to specific provisions of this Agreement, (iii) are not intended to
indicate, and shall not be construed as indicating, that such matter is
required to be disclosed, nor shall such disclosure be construed as an
admission that such information is material with respect to the Company,
except to the extent required by this Agreement and (b) disclosure of
information contained in one section of the Company Disclosure Letter shall
be deemed as proper disclosure for the other sections thereof where it is
readily apparent on its face that such disclosure would apply.   7.15.
Further Assurances.   (a) Each of the parties hereto shall, in connection
with the efforts referenced in Sections 4.4 and 5.1 to obtain all Required
Approvals, use its reasonable commercial efforts to (i) cooperate in all
respects with each other in connection with any filing or submission and in
connection with any investigation or other inquiry, including any proceeding
initiated by a private party, (ii) promptly inform the other party of any
communication received by such party from, or given by such party to, the
Antitrust Division Authority of the Department of Justice (the "DOJ") or any
other Governmental Authority and of any material communication received or
given in connection with any proceeding by a private party, in each case
regarding any of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (iii) promptly
inform the other party of the timing and content of any communications with
the DOJ or any such other Governmental Authority or, in connection with any
proceeding by a private party, with any other person, and to the extent
permitted by the DOJ or such other applicable Governmental Authority or other
person, give the other party the opportunity to attend and participate in
such meetings and conferences.   (b) In connection with, and without
limiting the foregoing, the Company shall (i) take all actions necessary to
ensure that no antitakeover statute or similar statute or regulation is or
becomes operative with respect to this Agreement, the Offer, or any other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Tender Agreements and (ii)
if any antitakeover statute or similar statute or regulation is or becomes
operative with respect to this Agreement, the Tender Agreements, the Offer or
any other transaction contemplated by this Agreement or the Tender
Agreements, take all reasonable actions necessary to ensure that
this Agreement, the Tender Agreements, the Offer and any other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Tender Agreements may be
consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated by this
Agreement and the Tender Agreements, and otherwise to minimize the effect of
such statute or regulation on the Offer and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and the Tender Agreements.    -40-   IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Purchaser and the Company have caused this Agreement to be
signed and delivered by their respective duly authorized officers as of the
date first above written.   PARKER-HANNIFIN CORPORATION    By: /s/ Donald
E. Washkewicz  -------------------------------  Name: Donald E. Washkewicz 
Title: President and Chief Executive  Officer    DENISON INTERNATIONAL
PLC    By: /s/ J. Colin Keith  -------------------------------  Name: J.
Colin Keith  Title: Chairman    -41-   ANNEX I   Conditions to the
Offer. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Offer or this Agreement,
and in addition to and not in limitation of Purchaser\'s right to extend or
amend the Offer at any time in its sole discretion (subject to the
restrictions set forth in this Annex I and in the Agreement), Purchaser shall
not be required to accept for payment or, subject to any applicable rules and
regulations of the SEC, including Rule 14e-1(c) promulgated under
the Securities Exchange Act (relating to Purchaser\'s obligation to pay for
or return tendered Shares promptly after termination or withdrawal of the
Offer), pay for, and (subject to any such rules or regulations) may delay the
acceptance for payment of any tendered Shares and, except as provided in this
Agreement, including without limitation, Section 1.1(d), amend or, except as
provided in the proviso in Section 1.1(d)(i), terminate the Offer as to any
Shares not then paid for if (i) the Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer by
the expiration of the Offer, including any extensions of the Offer, and not
withdrawn represent less than 90% of the Ordinary Shares, including those
represented by ADSs, on a fully diluted basis, and 90% of the A Ordinary
Shares on a fully diluted basis (or such lower percentages as Purchaser may
decide but at least a majority of the outstanding voting power of the Shares
on a fully diluted basis) (the "Minimum Condition"), (ii) any applicable
waiting period under the HSR Act shall not have expired or been terminated
prior to the expiration of the Offer, including any extensions of the Offer,
(iii) with respect to any antitrust requirement in a foreign jurisdiction,
any applicable consent that is required to have been obtained to permit the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby shall not have been
obtained or any applicable waiting period which is required to have expired
or been terminated to permit the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby shall not have expired or been terminated prior to the
expiration of the Offer, including any extensions of the Offer, or (iv) at
any time on or after the date of this Agreement and before the expiration of
the Offer, including any extensions of the Offer, any of the following
conditions exists:   (a) there shall have been instituted or pending any
action,  investigation or proceeding by any Governmental Authority seeking
an  injunction or other order, decree, judgment or ruling or a Law shall
have  been promulgated or enacted by a Governmental Authority of competent 
jurisdiction (except for any actions, investigations, proceedings, 
injunctions, orders, decrees, judgments, rulings or Laws which pertain to 
antitrust matters, which are provided for in clause (b) below) which in  any
such case (i) restrains or prohibits the making or consummation of  the
Offer, (ii) prohibits or restricts the ownership or operation by  Purchaser
(or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries) of any portion of  its or the
Company\'s business or assets which is material to the business  of all such
entities taken as a whole, or compels Purchaser (or any of  its affiliates or
subsidiaries) to dispose of or hold separate any  portion of its or the
Company\'s business or assets which is material to  the business of all such
entities taken as whole, (iii) imposes material  limitations on the ability
of Purchaser effectively to acquire or to hold  or to exercise full rights of
ownership of the Shares, including, without  limitation, the right to vote
the Shares purchased by Purchaser on all  matters properly presented to the
stockholders of the Company, or (iv)  imposes limitations on the ability of
Purchaser or any of its affiliates  or subsidiaries effectively to control
all or any portion of its or the  Company\'s business or assets which are
material to the business of all  such entities taken as whole;    I-1  
(b) there shall have been instituted or pending any action,  investigation or
proceeding by any Governmental Authority relating to  antitrust matters that
seeks an injunction or other order, decree,  judgment or ruling relating to
antitrust matters or a Law relating to  antitrust matters shall have been
promulgated or enacted by a Governmental  Authority of competent jurisdiction
which in any such case (i) restrains  or prohibits the making or consummation
of the Offer, (ii) prohibits or  restricts the ownership or operation by
Purchaser (or any of its  affiliates or subsidiaries) of any portion of its
or the Company\'s  business or assets, or compels Purchaser (or any of its
affiliates or  subsidiaries) to dispose of or hold separate any portion of
its or the  Company\'s business or assets, (iii) imposes any limitations on
the ability  of Purchaser effectively to acquire or to hold or to exercise
full rights  of ownership of the Shares, including, without limitation, the
right to  vote the Shares purchased by Purchaser on all matters properly
presented  to the stockholders of the Company, or (iv) imposes limitations on
the  ability of Purchaser or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries
effectively  to control all or any portion of its or the Company\'s business
or assets;   (c) this Agreement shall have been terminated by the Company
or  Purchaser in accordance with its terms;   (d) Purchaser and the Company
shall have agreed in writing that  Purchaser shall amend the Offer to
terminate the Offer or postpone the  payment for Shares pursuant thereto;
or   (e) since the date of this Agreement, there shall have occurred any 
Company Material Adverse Effect, or any change, condition, event or 
development that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be 
expected to result in a Company Material Adverse Effect; or   (f) the Board
of Directors of the Company or any committee thereof  shall have withdrawn or
modified in any manner adverse to Purchaser, or  publicly taken a position
inconsistent with, its approval or  recommendation of this Agreement, the
Offer or the other transactions  contemplated hereby or failed to reconfirm
its recommendation within 5  business days after a written request to do so,
or approved, endorsed or  recommended any Company Takeover Proposal or the
Board of Directors of the  Company or any committee thereof shall have
resolved or publicly disclosed  any intention to take any of the foregoing
actions; or   (g) (A) the representations and warranties in Section 2.17(b)
of the  Agreement shall not be true and correct in all respects at the date
hereof  and as of the Closing Date with the same effect as if made at and as
of  the Closing Date (except to the extent such representations and
warranties  specifically relate to an earlier date, in which case such
representations  and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects as
of such  earlier date); (B) the representations and warranties of the
Company  contained in the Agreement (other than those set forth in Section
2.17(b)  of the Agreement) shall not be true and correct at the date hereof
and as  of the Closing Date with the same effect as if made at and as of
the  Closing Date (except to the extent such representations and warranties 
specifically relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations 
and warranties    I-2   shall be true and correct as of such earlier
date), except where the  failure to be true and correct (without giving
effect to any limitation  set forth therein arising from the use of the
words, "material" or  "materially", or the phrase, "Company Material Adverse
Effect")  individually or in the aggregate, would not have or would not
reasonably  be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect; or (C) the
Company  shall have failed to perform in any material respect any of its
covenants  or agreements required to be performed by it under the Agreement,
which  failure to perform has not been cured prior to the Closing
Date.  The foregoing conditions (other than the Minimum Condition) are for
the sole benefit of Purchaser and its affiliates and may be asserted by
Purchaser regardless of the circumstances (including, without limitation, any
action or inaction by Purchaser or any of its affiliates other than a
material breach by Purchaser of the Agreement) giving rise to any such
condition or may be waived by Purchaser, in whole or in part, from time to
time in its sole discretion, except as otherwise provided in the Agreement.
The failure by Purchaser at any time to exercise any of the foregoing rights
shall not be deemed a waiver of any such right and each such right shall be
deemed an ongoing right and may be asserted at any time and from time to
time.    I-3   GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS     ~~  A Ordinary Shares
........................................................ 1 ADSs
.....................................................................
1 Affiliate Transactions ...................................................
21 Affiliate ................................................................
21 Aggregate Exercise Price .................................................
5 Aggregate Proceeds .......................................................
5 Associate ................................................................
21 Closing ..................................................................
5 Closing Date .............................................................
5 Code .....................................................................
13 Companies Act ............................................................
4 Company Accounts .........................................................
10 Company Acquisition Agreement ............................................
30 Company Benefit Plans ....................................................
12 Company Disclosure Letter ................................................
6 Company Financial Statements .............................................
10 Company Material Adverse Effect ..........................................
6 Company Material Contracts ...............................................
11 Company Option Plans .....................................................
5 Company Options ..........................................................
5 Company Permits ..........................................................
11 Company Securities Filings ...............................................
9 Company Superior Proposal ................................................
31 Company Takeover Proposal ................................................
29 Confidentiality Agreement ................................................
29 Consent ..................................................................
8 DOJ ......................................................................
41 Employing Subsidiary .....................................................
5 Enforceability Exceptions ................................................
8 Environmental Contamination ..............................................
18 Environmental Laws .......................................................
17 Environmental Reports ....................................................
18 ERISA ....................................................................
13 ERISA Affiliate ..........................................................
13 Foreign Antitrust Filings ................................................
8 Foreign Plan .............................................................
12 GAAP .....................................................................
10 Governmental Authority ...................................................
8 Hazardous Substance ......................................................
18 HSR Act ..................................................................
8 Indemnified Party ........................................................
33 Intellectual Property ....................................................
17 Law ......................................................................
8 Lazard ...................................................................
3 Leased Real Property .....................................................
19 Liens ....................................................................
7 Litigation ...............................................................
11 Minimum Condition ........................................................
1 Multiemployer Plan .......................................................
14 Multiple Employer Plan ...................................................
14 NASD .....................................................................
8 Net Amount ...............................................................
5 Non-Executive Optionholders ..............................................
5 Offer ....................................................................
1 Offer Documents ..........................................................
2 Offer to Purchase ........................................................
2 Ordinary Shares ..........................................................
1 Out-of-Pocket Expenses ...................................................
36 Owned Real Property ......................................................
19 Per Share Amount .........................................................
1 Person ...................................................................
40 Real Property Leases .....................................................
19 Release ..................................................................
18 Required Approvals .......................................................
28 Schedule 14D-9 ...........................................................
4 Schedule TO ..............................................................
2 SEC ......................................................................
2 Securities Act ...........................................................
9 Securities Exchange Act ..................................................
2 Shares ...................................................................
1 Squeeze-Out ..............................................................
4 Subsidiary ...............................................................
40 Tax ......................................................................
17 Tax Return ...............................................................
17 Tender Agreement .........................................................
1 Termination Fee ..........................................................
36     I-4    '

