NT AND PLAN MERGER AMONG INTERWOVEN,
INC.      Exhibit
2.2  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------    
Agreement and Plan of Merger   among   Interwoven, Inc.   Melon
Acquisition Corporation   and   Metacode Technologies, Inc.    
October 20,
2000  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
Agreement and Plan of Merger   This Agreement and Plan of Merger (this
"Agreement") is made and entered into as of October 20, 2000 (the "Agreement
Date") by and among Interwoven, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Parent"),
Melon Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation that is a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Interwoven ("Sub"), and Metacode Technologies, Inc., a
California corporation (the "Company").   Recitals   A. The parties intend
that Sub will be merged with and into the Company in a reverse triangular
merger, with the Company continuing as the surviving corporation (the
"Merger"), all pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and
applicable law. The parties also intend for the Merger to be treated as a
"reorganization" under Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended (the "Code"), and to be treated as a "purchase" transaction for
accounting purposes.   B. The Boards of Directors of Parent, Sub and the
Company have determined that the Merger is in the best interests of their
respective companies and stockholders, have approved the Merger and,
accordingly, have agreed to effect the Merger provided for herein upon the
terms and conditions of this Agreement.   C. Concurrently with the execution
and delivery of this Agreement, and as a condition and inducement to
Parent\'s willingness to enter into this Agreement, certain individuals
identified in Schedule C to the Company Disclosure Letter  ---------- (as
defined in Article III hereof) are entering into non-competition
agreements (the "Non-Competition Agreements") with Parent, to be effective as
of the Effective Time (as defined in Section 1.14).   D. Concurrently with
the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company shareholders listed
on the List of Shareholders (collectively, the "Core Company Shareholders"
and each individually a "Core Company Shareholder") attached hereto as
Exhibit A will each execute and deliver to Parent (i) an 
--------- Investment Representation Letter in the form and substance of
Exhibit B attached  --------- hereto, under which each such Core Company
Shareholder will provide certain representations and warranties to Parent,
and will agree to irrevocably vote all shares of Company capital stock owned
by such Core Company Shareholder in favor of the Merger and the transactions
contemplated by the Merger and to not transfer any shares of Company capital
stock prior to consummation of the Merger (the "Investment Representation
Letter") and (ii) an irrevocable proxy. In addition, each of the employees
identified in Schedule 9.12 to the Company  ------------- Disclosure Letter
who is a Core Company Shareholder will execute and deliver to Parent, an
agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit F (the 
--------- "Continuation Agreement"), under which each such employee agrees
with Parent to continue as an employee of Parent following the Effective
Time.   E. Concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement,
the employees identified in Schedule E to the Company Disclosure Letter will
execute  ---------- employment agreements   substantially in the form
attached to Schedule E to the Company Disclosure  ---------- Letter (the
"Employment Agreements").   F. Immediately prior to the Effective Time of
the Merger, all shares of Company Preferred Stock (as defined in Section 1.9)
outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time will convert into
shares of Company Common Stock (as defined in Section 1.3) at the then
applicable conversion ratio defined in the Articles of Incorporation of the
Company, as amended to date.   G. Upon the Effective Time of the Merger, and
subject to the terms and conditions hereof, (i) the shares of capital stock
of the Company that are outstanding immediately prior to the effectiveness of
the Merger will be converted into shares of Common Stock of Parent, (ii)
options to purchase Company capital stock that are outstanding immediately
prior to the effectiveness of the Merger will be converted into options to
purchase Common Stock of Parent, and (iii) Sub will be merged with and into
the Company, in each case, as provided in this Agreement.   Now, Therefore,
in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual promises, covenants and
conditions contained herein, the parties hereby agree as follows:   ARTICLE
1  Certain Definitions   As used in this Agreement, the following terms
will have the meanings set forth below:   1.1 "Common Stock Conversion
Number" means the quotient (calculated to the sixth decimal place) obtained
by dividing (a) the Company Common Stock Amount Per Share by (b) the Parent
Average Price Per Share.   1.2 "Company Ancillary Agreements" means,
collectively, the Certificate of Merger, the Agreement of Merger, each
certificate to be delivered by the Company or an officer or officers of the
Company at the Closing pursuant to Article 9 of this Agreement, and each
other agreement (other than this Agreement) that the Company is to enter into
as a party thereto pursuant to this Agreement.   1.3 "Company Common Stock"
means common stock, no par value, of the Company.   1.4 "Company Common
Stock Amount Per Share" means the quotient (calculated to the sixth decimal
place) obtained by dividing (a) the Total Merger Consideration by (b) the
Company Fully Diluted Share Number.   1.5 "Company Convertible Debt" means
(i) $645,000 in principal (and interest thereon) in connection with certain
bridge notes from the Company to certain note holders, (ii) $1,942,046 in
principal (and interest thereon) in connection with certain notes from the
Company   2   to the Schatz Revocable Trust, and (iii) any other
convertible debt outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time.   1.6
"Company Fully Diluted Share Number" means the aggregate number of shares of
Company Common Stock, Company Preferred Stock, Company Options (including the
New Options, as set forth in Section 9.11 hereof) and any other option,
warrant or other security exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible
into, Company Common Stock (each, on a fully exercised and converted to
Common Stock basis) that are issued and outstanding immediately prior to
the Effective Time.   1.7 "Company Indebtedness" means all indebtedness,
liabilities and obligations (inclusive of principal and interest), whether or
not matured, of the Company.   1.8 "Company Options" shall have the meaning
given in Section 2.3 of this Agreement.   1.9 "Company Preferred Stock"
means, collectively, the Series A Preferred Stock, no par value, the Series B
Preferred Stock, no par value, and the Series C Preferred Stock, no par
value, of the Company.   1.10 "Company Shareholders" means the record
holders of issued and outstanding Company Common Stock and Company Preferred
Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time.   1.11 "Company Warrant"
means an outstanding warrant to purchase Company Common Stock or an
outstanding warrant to purchase Company Preferred Stock (collectively,
"Company Warrants").   1.12 "Core Company Shareholders" means those
shareholders of the Company listed on Exhibit A attached hereto. 
---------   1.13 "Designated Debts" means the following liabilities,
indebtedness and obligations of the Company: (i) One Million Dollars
($1,000,000) owed to Joel Schatz in connection with certain convertible
bridge loans to the Company; (ii) Seven Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars
($750,000) in principal (and interest thereon) owed to Silicon Valley Bank;
(iii) accounts payable outstanding as of October 6, 2000; and (iv) accounts
payable incurred in the ordinary course of the Company\'s business (including
the Company\'s legal fees and expenses in connection with certain proposed
financing transactions not to exceed $50,000) and payroll expenses accrued
after October 6, 2000 and outstanding immediately prior to the Closing (as
defined in Section 7.1).   1.14 The "Effective Time" means the date and time
on which the Merger first becomes legally effective under the laws of the
States of Delaware and California as a result of the filing with (i) the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware of a Certificate of Merger in
substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit C-1 (the "Certificate of
Merger") and (ii) the Secretary of  ----------- State of the State of
California of an Agreement of Merger in substantially the form attached  
3   hereto as Exhibit C-2 (the "Agreement of Merger") and any required
related  ----------- certificates pursuant to, and in conformity with, the
requirements of Section 252 of the Delaware General Corporation Law
("Delaware Law") and Section 1100, et seq. of the California General
Corporation Law ("California Law"), as applicable. The Effective Time shall
occur at 8:59 p.m. Pacific Time (11:59 p.m. Eastern Time) on the date of the
filing of the Agreement of Merger and the Certificate of Merger with the
Secretaries of the States of California and Delaware, respectively.   1.15
"Encumbrance" means, with respect to any asset, any mortgage, deed of trust,
lien, pledge, charge, security interest, title retention device, collateral
assignment, claim, charge, restriction or other encumbrance of any kind in
respect of such asset (including any restriction on the voting of
any security, any restriction on the transfer of any security or other asset,
any restriction on the receipt of any income derived from any asset, any
restriction on the use of any asset and any restriction on the possession,
exercise or transfer of any other attribute of ownership of any asset).  
1.16 "Escrow Funds" means the Escrow Shares (as defined in Section
2.5 hereof) and stock dividends or stock issued in a stock split in respect
of the Escrow Shares.   1.17 "Escrow Release Date" means the day after the
one-year anniversary of the Effective Time.   1.18 "knowledge," means, with
respect to the Company, with respect to any fact, circumstance, event or
other matter in question, that any of the individuals identified in Schedule
1.18 to the Company Disclosure Letter has  ------------- actual or deemed
knowledge of such fact, circumstance, event or other matter after reasonable
inquiry of such fact, circumstance, event or other matter. An individual will
be deemed to have knowledge of a particular fact, circumstance, event or
other matter if (i) such fact, circumstance, event or other matter
is reflected in one or more documents, written or electronic, that are or
have been in such individual\'s possession or that would reasonably be
expected to be reviewed by an individual who has the duties and
responsibilities of such individual in the customary performance of such
duties and responsibilities, or (ii) such knowledge could be obtained from
reasonable inquiry of those persons employed by the Company or Parent (as the
case may be), and their respective subsidiaries, if any, charged with
administrative or operational responsibility for such matter for such
party.   1.19 "Legal Requirements" means any federal, state, local,
municipal, foreign or other law, statute, constitution, resolution,
ordinance, code, edict, decree, rule, regulation, ruling or requirement
issued, enacted, adopted, promulgated, implemented or otherwise put into
effect by or under the authority of any Governmental Authority (as defined in
Section 3.3.2 hereof).   1.20 "Material Adverse Change" or "Material Adverse
Effect," when used with reference to any entity or group of related entities,
means any event, change, violation, inaccuracy, circumstance or effect
(regardless of whether or not such events or changes are inconsistent with
the representations or warranties made by such party in this Agreement) that
is or is reasonably likely to be, individually or in the aggregate,
materially adverse to the condition (financial or otherwise), capitalization,
properties, employees, assets (including intangible   4   assets),
business, employees, prospects, operations or results of operations of such
entity and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole with its
subsidiaries; provided, however, that in no event shall a change in the price
of the publicly traded stock of Parent constitute, in and of itself, a
Material Adverse Change or Material Adverse Effect in Parent.   1.21 "Note"
means that certain Convertible Promissory Note of the Company, dated October
10, 2000 in the principal sum of Nine Million Dollars ($9,000,000), payable
to Parent or its assigns.   1.22 "Parent Ancillary Agreements" means,
collectively, each certificate to be delivered by Parent or an officer or
officers of Parent at the Closing pursuant to Article 8 of this Agreement and
each agreement (other than this Agreement) that Parent is to enter into as a
party thereto pursuant to this Agreement.   1.23 "Parent Average Price Per
Share" means the average closing price of Parent Common Stock on the Nasdaq
Stock Market for the ten (10) consecutive trading days ending with the last
trading day prior to the Agreement Date.   1.24 "Parent Common Stock" means
the common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Parent.   1.25 "person"
means any individual, corporation (including any not-for- profit
corporation), partnership, limited liability partnership, joint
venture, estate, trust, firm, company (including any limited liability
company or joint stock company), association, organization, entity or
Governmental Authority.   1.26 "Termination Date" means November 30,
2000.   1.27 "Total Merger Consideration" means One Hundred Fifty Million
Dollars ($150,000,000) less the sum of (i) (a) all fees and expenses of the
Company\'s investment bankers and (b) any Company legal or other fees and
expenses in connection with the negotiation and documentation of the Merger
in excess of $250,000, that have not been paid directly by the Company
Shareholders prior to or at the Closing; (ii) all Company Indebtedness, other
than Designated Debts and the Note, outstanding immediately prior to the
Closing; and (iii) all principal amount (and interest on such principal
amount) of the Note outstanding immediately prior to the Closing less (x) the
remaining principal amount of the Note that the Company has not theretofore
spent or committed to spend and (y) any principal amount of the Note that was
used to pay or satisfy Designated Debts.   Other capitalized terms defined
elsewhere in this Agreement and not defined in this Article 1 will have the
meanings assigned to such terms in this Agreement.   5    ARTICLE 2 
The Merger   2.1 Conversion of Shares.  --------------------   2.1.1
Conversion of Sub Stock. At the Effective Time, each share of 
----------------------- Sub common stock that is issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time will continue after the Effective
Time to be an identical outstanding share of the Surviving Corporation (as
defined in Section 2.6).   2.1.2 Conversion of Company Common Stock. Subject
to the terms and  ---------------------------------- conditions of this
Agreement, at the Effective Time, each share of Company Common Stock held by
a Company Shareholder that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time will, by virtue of the Merger and without the need for any
further action on the part of the holder thereof (except as expressly
provided herein), be converted into and represent the right to receive the
number of shares of Parent Common Stock that is equal to the Common Stock
Conversion Number. The preceding provisions of this Section 2.1.2 are subject
to the provisions of Section 2.1.3 (regarding rights of holders of Dissenting
Shares), Section 2.1.4 (regarding the elimination of fractional shares of
Parent Common Stock), Section 2.1.5 (regarding the continuation of vesting
and repurchase rights) and Section 2.5 (regarding the withholding of Escrow
Funds).   2.1.3 Dissenting Shares. Holders of shares of Company Common
Stock  ----------------- who have complied with all requirements for
perfecting shareholders\' dissenting rights, as set forth in Section 1300 et
seq. under the California Law, shall be entitled to their rights under the
California Law with respect to such shares ("Dissenting Shares") pursuant to
Section 7.3 hereof.   2.1.4 Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of
Parent Common Stock  ----------------- will be issued in connection with the
Merger. In lieu thereof, each holder of Company Common Stock who would
otherwise be entitled to receive a fraction of a share of Parent Common Stock
pursuant to Section 2.1.2, computed after aggregating all shares of Parent
Common Stock to be received by such holder pursuant to Section 2.1.2, will
instead receive from Parent, upon surrender of such holder\'s Company
Certificates (as defined in Section 7.2.1 hereof) pursuant to Article 7
hereof, an amount of cash (rounded to the nearest cent) equal to the product
obtained by multiplying (a) the Parent Average Price Per Share by (b) the
fraction of a share of Parent Common Stock that such holder would otherwise
have been entitled to receive.   2.1.5 Continuation of Vesting and
Repurchase Rights. If any shares of 
--------------------------------------------- Company Common Stock
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time are at the Effective Time
unvested or are subject to a repurchase option (other than a right of first
refusal) or any other condition providing that such shares may be forfeited
to the Company upon any termination of the shareholder\'s
employment, directorship or other relationship with the Company (and/or any
affiliate of the Company) under the terms of any restricted stock purchase
agreement, stock option agreement (including any stock option agreement under
the Company Plan (as defined in Section 2.3)) or other agreement with the
Company ("Unvested Company Shares"), then such repurchase option or other
condition shall be assigned to Parent and the   6   shares of Parent
Common Stock issued upon the conversion of such Unvested Company Shares in
the Merger will continue to be unvested and will continue to be subject to
the same repurchase options or conditions, as applicable, immediately
following the Effective Time as they were subject to immediately prior to the
Effective Time; provided, however, that the options and restricted capital
stock of the Company beneficially owned by certain employees identified in
Schedule 2.1.5 to the Company Disclosure Letter shall be treated as set
forth  -------------- in Schedule 2.1.5. The certificates representing such
shares of Parent Common Stock shall accordingly be marked with appropriate
legends noting such repurchase options or other conditions. The Company shall
take all actions that may be necessary to ensure that, from and after the
Effective Time, Parent is entitled to exercise any such repurchase option or
other right set forth in any such restricted stock purchase agreement or
other agreement (other than a right of first refusal).   2.2 Adjustments
for Capital Changes. Notwithstanding the provisions of 
------------------------------- Section 2.1, if Parent recapitalizes, either
through a subdivision (or stock split) of any of its outstanding shares of
Parent Common Stock into a greater number of such shares, or a combination
(or reverse stock split) of any of its outstanding shares of Parent Common
Stock into a lesser number of such shares, or reorganizes, reclassifies or
otherwise changes its outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock into the same
or a different number of shares of other classes or series of Parent stock
(other than through a subdivision or combination of shares provided for in
the preceding clause), or declares a dividend or other distribution on its
outstanding shares payable in shares of Parent Common Stock, in shares or
securities convertible into shares of Parent Common Stock and/or other Parent
equity securities (each, a "Capital Change"), at any time after the Agreement
Date and prior to the Effective Time, then the Parent Average Price Per Share
and the Common Stock Conversion Number will be proportionally and equitably
adjusted.   2.3 Company Options. At the Effective Time, all outstanding
options  --------------- (collectively, "Company Options") to purchase
Company Common Stock, including all Company Options granted under the
Company\'s 1995 Stock Option Plan (the "Company Plan"), will be assumed by
Parent and the Company\'s repurchase right with respect to any unvested
shares of Company Common Stock acquired upon the exercise of Company Options
shall be assigned to Parent. Each Company Option so assumed by Parent shall
be entitled, in accordance with the terms of such option, to purchase after
the Effective Time that number of shares of Parent Common Stock, determined
by multiplying (a) the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to
such Company Option at the Effective Time by (b) the Common Stock Conversion
Number. The exercise price per share for each such assumed option will equal
the exercise price of the Company Option immediately prior to the Effective
Time divided by the Common Stock Conversion Number. If the foregoing
calculation results in an assumed option being exercisable for a fraction of
a share, then the number of shares of Parent Common Stock subject to such
option will be rounded down to the nearest whole number and the
exercise price of such option will be rounded up to the nearest cent. Except
as provided herein or in any agreement ancillary hereto and to the extent
permitted by applicable law, the term, exercisability, vesting schedule,
status as an "incentive stock option" under Section 422 of the Code, if
applicable, and all other terms of the Company Options will otherwise be
unchanged. Continuous employment with the Company will be credited to an
optionee for purposes of determining the number of shares that are vested
after the Effective Time. Parent will cause the Parent Common Stock issued
upon   7   exercise of the assumed Company Options to be registered on
Form S-8 of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") within 15 business
days after the Effective Time, and will exercise reasonable commercial
efforts to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement for so
long as such assumed Company Options remain outstanding and will reserve a
sufficient number of shares of Parent Common Stock for issuance upon exercise
thereof. Parent will administer the Company Plan assumed pursuant to this
Section 2.3 in a manner that complies with Rule 16b-3 promulgated by the SEC
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ("Exchange Act").  
2.4 Company Warrants and Company Convertible Debt. Prior to the Effective 
--------------------------------------------- Time, all Company Warrants
shall have been fully exercised or terminated and all Company Convertible
Debt shall have been fully converted.   2.5 Escrow. At the Effective Time,
Parent will withhold from the shares of  ------ Parent Common Stock to be
issued to Company Shareholders in the Merger upon conversion of their Company
Common Stock pursuant to Section 2.1.2 hereof, each Company Shareholder\'s
proportionate interest in that number of shares of Parent Common Stock having
a value (based on the Parent Average Price Per Share) equal to ten percent
(10%) of the Total Merger Consideration (such shares of Parent Common Stock
withheld, being hereinafter referred to as the "Escrow Shares"). Any shares
of Parent Common Stock or other equity securities issued or distributed by
Parent (including shares issued upon a stock split, stock dividend,
recapitalization or other similar event) in respect of Escrow Shares shall
also be withheld in the Escrow Fund. Cash dividends or distributions
or distributions of other property in respect of Escrow Funds shall not be
added to the Escrow Funds but shall be distributed to the record holders of
such Escrow Funds. Parent will hold the certificates representing such Escrow
Shares as security for the Company Shareholders\' indemnification obligations
for Damages (as defined in Section 11.2) under Article 11 hereof. The Escrow
Shares will be represented by a certificate or certificates issued in the
names of each Company Shareholder in proportion to each such shareholder\'s
interest therein and will be held by Parent, subject to the terms and
conditions of Article 11 hereof, until the Escrow Release Date.   2.6
Effects of the Merger. At and upon the Effective Time of the Merger: 
---------------------   (a) the separate existence of Sub will cease and Sub
will be merged with and into the Company, and the Company will be the
surviving corporation of the Merger (sometimes hereinafter referred to as the
"Surviving Corporation") pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, the
Certificate of Merger and the Agreement of Merger;   (b) the Articles of
Incorporation of the Company will be amended and/or restated as set forth in
the Agreement of Merger or an exhibit thereto, and as so amended and/or
restated shall continue unchanged and be the Articles of Incorporation of the
Surviving Corporation immediately after the Effective Time;   (c) the
Bylaws of the Company will continue unchanged and be the Bylaws of the
Surviving Corporation immediately after the Effective Time;   8    (d)
each share of Company Common Stock that is outstanding immediately prior to
the Effective Time will be converted as provided in this Article 2;   (e)
each Company Option that is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time will be assumed and converted as provided in this Article 2;   (f) each
share of Sub common stock that is outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time will continue to be an identical share of the Surviving
Corporation as provided in Section 2.1.1;   (g) the officers of the
Surviving Corporation immediately after the Effective Time will be those
individuals who were the officers of Sub immediately prior to the Effective
Time, and each such individual shall, immediately after the Effective Time,
hold the same office or offices of the Surviving Corporation as the office or
offices that such individual held with Sub immediately prior to the Effective
Time;   (h) the members of the Board of Directors of the
Surviving Corporation immediately after the Effective Time will be the
members of the Board of Directors of Sub immediately prior to the Effective
Time; and   (i) the Merger will, from and after the Effective Time, have
all of the effects provided by applicable law.   2.7 Securities Law Issues;
Registration Rights. Parent shall issue the 
------------------------------------------ shares of Parent Common Stock to
be issued to the Company Shareholders in the Merger pursuant to Section 2.1.2
pursuant to an exemption or exemptions from registration under Section 4(2)
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and/or
Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act and the exemption from
qualification under the laws of the State of California and other applicable
state securities laws. Parent and the Company shall comply with all
applicable provisions of, and rules under, the Securities Act in
connection with the offering and issuance of shares of Parent Common Stock in
the Merger. Within the later of (i) 15 business days after the Effective Time
and (ii) the date Parent becomes eligible to use Form S-3, consistent with
the requirements of applicable law, Parent shall file with the SEC and use
commercially reasonable efforts to cause to become effective as soon as
practicable after its filing, a shelf registration statement on Form S-3
providing for the resale by the Company Shareholders of the shares of Parent
Common Stock issued to them in the Merger pursuant to Section 2.1.2 hereof
and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to keep effective such
registration statement for a total of 30 trading days subject to Sections
12.2(f) and 12.3.   2.8 Tax-Free Reorganization; No Representations by
Parent. The parties 
----------------------------------------------------- intend that the Merger
shall be treated as a "reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a)
of the Code. Each of the parties hereto adopts this Agreement as a "plan of
reorganization" within the meaning of Sections 1.368-2(g) and 1.368-3(a) of
the United States Income Tax Regulations and agrees to use commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the Merger to qualify as a reorganization within
the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code, and to report the Merger for
federal and state income tax purposes in a manner consistent with such
characterization. However, Parent makes   9   no representations or
warranties to the Company or to any Company Shareholder or other holder of
Company securities regarding the tax treatment of the Merger, whether the
Merger will qualify as a tax-free plan of reorganization under the Code, or
any of the tax consequences to any Company Shareholder or such holder of this
Agreement, the Merger or any of the other transactions or
agreements contemplated hereby, and the Company and the Company Shareholders
acknowledge that the Company and the Company Shareholders are relying solely
on their own tax advisors in connection with this Agreement, the Merger and
the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   2.9 Further
Assurances. If, at any time before or after the Effective 
------------------ Time, Parent believes or is advised that any further
instruments, deeds, assignments or assurances are reasonably necessary or
desirable to consummate the Merger or to carry out the purposes and intent of
this Agreement at or after the Effective Time, then Parent, the Surviving
Corporation and their respective officers and directors will execute and
deliver all such proper deeds, assignments, instruments and assurances and do
all other things necessary or desirable to consummate the Merger and to carry
out the purposes and intent of this Agreement.   ARTICLE 3 
Representations and Warranties of The Company   The Company represents and
warrants to Parent that, except as set forth in the letter addressed to
Parent from the Company and dated as of the Agreement Date (including all
schedules thereto) that has been delivered by the Company to Parent
concurrently with the parties\' execution of this Agreement (the
"Company Disclosure Letter"), each of the representations, warranties and
statements contained in the following sections of this Article 3 is true and
correct as of the Agreement Date and will be true and correct on and as of
the Closing Date (as defined in Section 7.1 hereof). For all purposes of this
Agreement, the statements contained in the Company Disclosure Letter and its
schedules shall also be deemed to be representations and warranties made and
given by the Company under Article 3 of this Agreement.   3.1 Organization
and Good Standing. The Company is a corporation duly 
------------------------------ organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the State of California and has continuously been
in good standing under the laws of the State of California at all times since
its inception. The Company has the corporate power and authority to own,
operate and lease its properties and to carry on its business as now
conducted and as proposed to be conducted. The Company is qualified to
transact business, and is in good standing, in each jurisdiction where the
character of the properties owned, leased or operated by it or the nature of
its activities make such qualification necessary, except to the extent that
any failure to qualify would not individually or in the aggregate have a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company. The Company has delivered to Parent
true and correct copies of the currently effective Articles of Incorporation
and Bylaws of the Company, each as amended to date. The Company is not in
violation of its Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws.   10    3.2
Subsidiaries. The Company does not have any subsidiary or any equity 
------------ or ownership interest, whether direct or indirect, in any
corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture or other
business entity. The Company is not obligated to make nor is it bound by any
agreement or obligation to make any investment in or capital contribution in
or on behalf of any other entity.   3.3 Power, Authorization and
Validity.  ---------------------------------   3.3.1 Power and Authority.
Subject to the approval of holders of a  ------------------- majority of the
outstanding shares entitled to vote on the Agreement and the Merger of each
of (i) the Company Common Stock, (ii) the Company Preferred Stock, (iii) the
Company Series B Preferred Stock and (iv) any other shareholder approvals
required by applicable law (together, the "Company Shareholder Approvals"),
the Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into,
execute, deliver and perform its obligations under, this Agreement and all
Company Ancillary Agreements and to consummate the Merger. The Merger and the
execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, each of
the Company Ancillary Agreements and all other agreements, transactions and
actions contemplated hereby or thereby, have been duly and validly
approved and authorized by the Company\'s Board of Directors. The Core
Company Shareholders have executed and delivered to Parent Investment
Representation Letters agreeing to vote in favor of the Merger and the
execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, each of
the Company Ancillary Agreements and all other agreements, transactions and
actions contemplated hereby or thereby, which votes are sufficient to approve
each of the Company Shareholder Approvals.   3.3.2 No Consents. Except for
(a) the filing of the Certificate of  ----------- Merger and the Agreement
of Merger with the Secretaries of State of Delaware and California,
respectively, and (b) for such consents, approvals, orders, authorizations,
registrations, declarations and filings as may be required under applicable
federal and state securities (or related laws) and the securities
or antitrust laws of any foreign country, and (c) such other consents,
approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings,
if any, that if not made or obtained by Company would not be material to
Company\'s ability to consummate the Merger or to perform its obligations
under this Agreement and the Company Ancillary Agreements, respectively, no
consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration, declaration or
filing with, any court, administrative agency, commission or other
governmental authority (each, a "Governmental Authority"), or any other
person or entity, governmental or otherwise (including any consent, approval,
order, authorization, registration, declaration or filing pursuant to the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR
Act")), is necessary or required to be made or obtained by the Company to
enable the Company to lawfully execute and deliver, enter into, and to
perform its obligations under, this Agreement and each of the Company
Ancillary Agreements, or to consummate the Merger.   3.3.3 Enforceability.
This Agreement has been duly executed and  -------------- delivered by the
Company. This Agreement and each of the Company Ancillary Agreements are, or
when executed by the Company will be, valid and binding obligations of the
Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective
terms, subject to the effect of (a)   11   applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws now or hereafter
in effect relating to rights of creditors generally and (b) rules of law and
equity governing specific performance, injunctive relief and other equitable
remedies.   3.4 Capitalization of the Company. 
-----------------------------   3.4.1 Outstanding Securities. The authorized
capital stock of the  ---------------------- Company consists entirely of:
(a) 25,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock, of which a total of 10,430,993
shares are issued and outstanding and (b) 7,195,000 shares of Company
Preferred Stock, of which there are 1,395,000 shares of Company Series A
Preferred Stock, 3,000,000 shares of Company Series B Preferred Stock, and
1,310,332 shares of Company Series C Preferred Stock issued and outstanding.
The numbers of issued and outstanding shares of Company Common Stock and
Company Preferred Stock held by each of the Company Shareholders are set
forth in Schedule 3.4.1(a) to the Company Disclosure Letter. Except as 
----------------- expressly set forth in Schedule 3.4.1(a), no shares of
Company Common Stock or  ----------------- Company Preferred Stock are
issued or outstanding. The Company holds no treasury shares. All shares of
Company Preferred Stock outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective
Time will convert into shares of Company Common Stock on a one-to-one basis.
An aggregate of 13,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock are reserved and
authorized for issuance pursuant to the Company Plan, of which options to
purchase a total of 7,789,500 shares of Company Common Stock are outstanding,
which number excludes the New Options. Schedule 3.4.1(b) to the 
----------------- Company Disclosure Letter lists for each holder of a
Company Warrant, the name of the holder of each such Company Warrant, the
exercise price for each such Company Warrant, the number of shares or other
securities covered by each such Company Warrant, the type of security covered
by each such Company Warrant, the exercisability of each such Company
Warrant, and any vesting schedule and the extent each such Company Warrant is
vested as of the Agreement Date. True and complete copies of all Company
Warrants have been delivered by the Company to Parent. The vesting or
exercisability (or any other material terms) of any Company Warrant, except
as disclosed in Schedule 3.4.1(c) to the Company 
----------------- Disclosure Letter, will not accelerate or otherwise change
as a result of the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the
consummation of the Merger or the transactions contemplated hereby or the
occurrence of any subsequent event. Schedule 3.4.1(d) to the Company
Disclosure Letter lists for each person who ----------------- holds Company
Options, the name of the holder of each such Company Option, the exercise
price for each such Company Option, the number of shares or other securities
covered by each such Company Option, the exercisability of each such Company
Option, and the vesting schedule and the extent each such Company Option is
vested as of the Agreement Date. True and complete copies of the
standard agreement under the Company Plan and each agreement for each Company
Option that does not conform to the standard agreement under the Company Plan
have been delivered by the Company to Parent. The vesting or exercisability
(or any other material terms) of any Company Option or Unvested Company
Share, except as disclosed in Schedule 3.4.1(e) to the Company Disclosure
Letter, will not  ----------------- accelerate or otherwise change as a
result of the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of
the Merger or the transactions contemplated hereby or the occurrence of any
subsequent event (such as the termination of employment of the option holder
following consummation of the Merger). No Company Options have been granted
or are outstanding except under and pursuant to the   12   Company Plan.
No adjustment to the exercise price of any Company Option has occurred.
Schedule 3.4.1(f) to the Company Disclosure Letter lists for each 
----------------- holder of Company Convertible Debt, the name of the holder
of each such Company Convertible Debt, the conversion price for each such
Company Convertible Debt, the amount of such Company Convertible Debt, the
number of shares or other securities into which such Company Convertible Debt
is convertible, and the type of security into which such Company Convertible
Debt is convertible. True and complete copies of all instruments evidencing
Company Convertible Debt have been delivered by the Company to Parent.  
3.4.2 Valid Issuance. Except as contemplated by this Agreement, as 
-------------- of the Closing Date, there will have been no change in the
authorized or outstanding capital stock of the Company as represented in
Section 3.4.1. All issued and outstanding shares of Company Common Stock and
Company Preferred Stock have been duly authorized and validly issued, are
fully paid and nonassessable, are not subject to any preemptive right, right
of first refusal, right of first offer or right of rescission, and have been
offered, issued, sold and delivered by the Company in compliance with (a) all
registration or qualification requirements (or applicable exemptions
therefrom) of all applicable securities laws and, to the knowledge of the
Company, other applicable Legal Requirements and (b) all requirements set
forth in applicable agreements or instruments. All shares of Company Common
Stock subject to issuance under Company Options, upon issuance on the terms
and conditions specified in the instruments pursuant to which they are
issuable, will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable. All outstanding Company Options have been issued and granted
in compliance with (a) all registration or qualification requirements (or
applicable exemptions therefrom) of all applicable securities laws and, to
the knowledge of the Company, other applicable Legal Requirements and (b) all
requirements set forth in applicable agreements or instruments.   3.4.3 No
Other Options, Warrants or Rights. Other than as set 
------------------------------------ forth in Sections 3.4.1 and 3.4.2 above
and as set forth in Schedule 3.4.3 to  -------------- the Company Disclosure
Letter, there are no options, warrants, convertible securities or other
securities, calls, commitments, conversion privileges, preemptive rights,
rights of first refusal, rights of first offer or other rights or agreements
outstanding to purchase or otherwise acquire (whether directly or indirectly)
any shares of the Company\'s authorized but unissued capital stock or any
securities convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of the Company\'s
capital stock or obligating the Company to grant, issue, extend, or enter
into any such option, warrant, convertible security or other security, call,
commitment, conversion privilege, preemptive right, right of first refusal,
right of first offer or other right or agreement to obtain any shares of the
Company\'s capital stock, and there is no liability for dividends accrued but
unpaid.   3.4.4 No Voting Arrangements or Registration Rights. Except as 
--------------------------------------------- contemplated by this Agreement,
and as set forth in Schedule 3.4.4(a) to the  ----------------- Company
Disclosure Letter, there are no voting agreements, voting trusts or proxies
applicable to any of the Company\'s outstanding capital stock or any Company
Options or to the conversion of any shares of the Company\'s capital stock in
the Merger pursuant to any agreement or obligation to which the Company is a
party or, to the Company\'s knowledge, pursuant to any other agreement
or obligation. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.4.4(b) to the Company
Disclosure  ----------------- Letter, the   13   Company is not under
any obligation to register under the Securities Act any of its presently
outstanding shares of stock or other securities or any stock or other
securities that may be subsequently issued.   3.5 No Conflict. Neither the
execution and delivery of this Agreement nor  ----------- any of the Company
Ancillary Agreements by the Company, nor the consummation of the Merger or
any of the other transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, will conflict
with, or (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) result in
a termination, breach, impairment or violation of, or constitute a default
under: (a) any provision of the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of the
Company as currently in effect; (b) any federal, state, local or foreign
judgment, writ, decree, order, statute, rule or regulation applicable to the
Company or any of its material assets or properties; or (c) any material
instrument, agreement, contract, undertaking, understanding, letter of
intent, memorandum of understanding or commitment (whether oral or in
writing) to which the Company is a party or by which the Company or any of
its material assets or properties are bound. Neither the Company\'s entering
into this Agreement nor the consummation of the Merger or the transactions
contemplated thereby will give rise to, or trigger the application of, any
rights of any third party that would come into effect upon the consummation
of the Merger. The consummation of the Merger by the Company will not require
the consent, release, waiver or approval of any third party (including the
consent of any party required to be obtained in order to keep any agreement
between such party and the Company in effect following the Merger or to
provide that the Company is not in breach or violation of any such agreement
following the Merger), other than the Company Shareholder Approvals.   3.6
Litigation. There is no action, suit, arbitration, mediation, 
---------- proceeding, claim or investigation pending against the Company (or
against any officer, director, employee or agent of the Company in their
capacity as such or relating to their employment, services or relationship
with the Company) before any court, Governmental Authority, arbitrator or
mediator, nor, to the Company\'s knowledge, has any such action, suit,
arbitration, mediation, proceeding, claim or investigation been threatened.
There is no judgment, decree, injunction, rule or order of any court,
Governmental Authority or arbitrator outstanding against the Company. To the
Company\'s knowledge, there is no basis for any person to assert a claim
against the Company based upon: (a) the Company\'s entering into this
Agreement or any Company Ancillary Agreement or consummating the Merger or
any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any Company
Ancillary Agreement; or (b) a claim of ownership of, or options, warrants or
other rights to acquire ownership of, any shares of the capital stock of the
Company or any rights as a Company shareholder, including any option, warrant
or preemptive rights or rights to notice or to vote, other than the rights of
the Company Shareholders with respect to the Company Common Stock and Company
Preferred Stock shown as being owned by such persons on Schedule 
-------- 3.4.1(a) to the Company Disclosure Letter and the rights of holders
of Company -------- Options shown as being owned by such persons on Schedule
3.4.1(d) to the Company  ----------------- Disclosure Letter.   14   
3.7 Taxes.  -----   3.7.1 The Company has timely filed all federal, state,
local and foreign tax and information returns required to be filed by it, has
timely paid all taxes required to be paid by it for which payment is due,
except to the extent that an accrual or reserve for such taxes has been
reflected in accordance with GAAP (as defined in Section 3.8 hereof) on the
Balance Sheet (as defined in Section 3.8 hereof), has established an adequate
accrual or reserve for the payment of all taxes payable in respect of the
periods subsequent to the periods covered by its most recent applicable tax
returns (which accrual or reserve as of the Balance Sheet Date (as defined in
Section 3.8 hereof) is fully reflected on the Balance Sheet and in any more
recent balance sheet of the Company provided by the Company to Parent on or
before the Agreement Date), has made all necessary estimated tax payments,
and has no liability for taxes in excess of the amount so paid or accruals or
reserves so established. All such returns and reports are true, correct and
complete, and the Company has provided Parent with true and correct copies of
such returns and reports. The Company is not delinquent in the payment of any
tax or in the filing of any tax returns, and no deficiencies for any tax have
been threatened, claimed, proposed or assessed against the Company or any of
the officers, employees or agents of the Company in their capacity as such.
The Company has not received any notification from the Internal Revenue
Service or any other taxing authority regarding any material issues that: (a)
are currently pending before the Internal Revenue Service or any other taxing
authority (including but not limited to any sales or use tax authority)
regarding the Company, or (b) have been raised by the Internal Revenue
Service or other taxing authority and not yet finally resolved. No tax return
of the Company is under audit by the Internal Revenue Service or any state or
local taxing agency or authority and any such past audits (if any) have been
completed and fully resolved to the satisfaction of the applicable
tax authority conducting such audit and all taxes and any penalties or
interest determined by such audit to be due from the Company have been paid
in full to the applicable taxing authorities. No tax liens are currently in
effect against any assets of the Company other than liens that arise by
operation of law for taxes not yet due and payable. There is not in effect
any waiver by the Company of any statute of limitations with respect to any
taxes nor has the Company agreed to any extension of time for filing any tax
return that has not been filed; and the Company has not consented to extend
to a date later than the date hereof the period in which any tax may be
assessed or collected by any taxing authority. The Company is not a "personal
holding company" within the meaning of the Code. The Company has not filed
any election under Section 341(f) of the Code. The Company has withheld all
taxes, including but not limited to federal and state income taxes, FICA,
Medicare, FUTA and other taxes, required to be withheld, and paid such
withheld amounts to the appropriate tax authority within the time prescribed
by law. Since its inception, the Company has not been a "United States real
property holding corporation," as defined in Section 897(c)(2) of the Code,
and in Section 1.897-2(b) of the Treasury Regulations issued thereunder (the
"Regulations"), and the Company has filed with the Internal Revenue Service
all statements, if any, with its United States income tax returns which are
required under Section 1.897-2(h) of the Regulations. The Company neither is
a party to nor has any obligation under any tax-sharing, tax indemnity or tax
allocation agreement or arrangement. The Company has never been distributed
in a transaction qualifying under Section 355 of the Code, and the Company
has never distributed any corporation in a transaction qualifying
under Section 355 of the Code.   15    3.7.2 No benefit payable or that
may become payable by the Company pursuant to any Company Benefit Arrangement
(as defined in Section 3.16.4) or as a result of or arising under this
Agreement or the Certificate of Merger or Agreement of Merger will constitute
an "excess parachute payment" (as defined in Section 280G(b)(1) of the Code)
that is subject to the imposition of an excise tax under Section 4999 of the
Code or that would not be deductible by reason of Section 280G of the
Code.   3.7.3 For the purposes of this Section, the terms "tax" and "taxes"
include all federal, state, local and foreign income, alternative or add-on
minimum income, gains, franchise, excise, property, property transfer, sales,
use, employment, license, payroll, ad valorem, documentary,
stamp, withholding, occupation, recording, value added or transfer taxes,
governmental charges, fees, customs duties, levies or assessments (whether
payable directly or by withholding), and, with respect to any such taxes, any
estimated tax, interest, fines and penalties or additions to tax and interest
on such fines, penalties and additions to tax.   3.8 Company Financial
Statements. The Company has delivered to Parent as 
---------------------------- an attachment to Schedule 3.8 to the Company
Disclosure Letter an unaudited  ------------ consolidated balance sheet of
the Company dated December 31, 1999 and an unaudited consolidated balance
sheet of the Company dated September 30, 2000 and the Company\'s unaudited
consolidated statements of operations, statements of cash flows and
statements of changes in shareholders\' equity for the year ended December
31, 1999 and unaudited consolidated statements of operations, statements of
cash flows and statements of changes in shareholders\' equity for the nine
month period ended September 30, 2000 (all such financial statements of the
Company and any notes thereto are hereinafter collectively referred to as the
"Company Financial Statements"). The Company Financial Statements: (a)
are derived from and are in accordance with the books and records of the
Company, (b) fairly present the financial condition of the Company at the
dates therein indicated and the results of operations for the periods therein
specified, and (c) have been prepared in accordance with United States
generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") applied on a basis
consistent with prior periods except for any absence of notes to the Company
Financial Statements. The Company has no debt, liability or obligation of any
nature, whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise, and whether due
or to become due, except for those (a) shown on the Company\'s unaudited
balance sheet as of September 30, 2000 included in the Company Financial
Statements (the "Balance Sheet"), (b) that may have been incurred after
September 30, 2000 (the "Balance Sheet Date") in the ordinary course of the
Company\'s business consistent with its past practices, and (c) that are not
material in amount, either individually or collectively, and are not required
to be set forth in the Balance Sheet under GAAP. All reserves established by
the Company that are set forth in or reflected in the Balance Sheet are
adequate. At the Balance Sheet Date, there were no material loss
contingencies (as such term is used in Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 5 ("Statement No. 5") issued by the Financial Accounting
Standards Board in March 1975) that are not adequately provided for in the
Balance Sheet as required by Statement No. 5. The Financial Statements comply
in all material respects with the American Institute of Certified
Public Accountants\' Statement of Position 97-2.   16    3.9 Title to
Properties. The Company has good and marketable title to all 
------------------- of its assets and properties (including those shown on
the Balance Sheet), free and clear of all Encumbrances, other than liens for
current taxes that are not yet due and payable and except for liens that in
the aggregate do not secure more than $10,000 in liabilities. All machinery,
vehicles, equipment and other tangible personal property owned or leased by
the Company or used in its business are in good condition and repair, normal
wear and tear excepted, and all leases of real or personal property to which
the Company is a party are fully effective and afford the Company peaceful
and undisturbed leasehold possession of the real or personal property that is
the subject of the lease. The Company is not in violation in any material
respect of any zoning, building, safety or environmental ordinance,
regulation or requirement or other law or regulation applicable to the
operation of its owned or leased properties, nor has the Company received any
notice of violation of law with which it has not complied. The Company does
not own any real property. Schedule 3.9 to the  ------------ Company
Disclosure Letter sets forth a complete and accurate list and a
brief description of all personal property owned or leased by the Company
with an individual value of $1,000 or greater.   3.10 Absence of Certain
Changes. Since December 31, 1999, the Company has 
-------------------------- operated its business in the ordinary course
consistent with its past practices, and since such date there has not been
with respect to the Company any:   (a) Material Adverse Change in the
Company;   (b) amendment or change in the Articles of Incorporation or 
Bylaws;   (c) incurrence, creation or assumption by the Company of (i) any 
Encumbrance on any of the assets or properties of the Company, (ii) any 
obligation or liability or any indebtedness for borrowed money other than 
the Note, or (iii) any contingent liability as a guarantor or surety with 
respect to the obligations of others;   (d) grant or issuance of any
options, warrants or other rights  to acquire from the Company, directly or
indirectly, except as described in  Sections 3.4.1 and 3.4.2 hereof, or any
offer, issuance or sale by the  Company of any debt or equity securities of
the Company;   (e) except as described in Section 3.4.1 and as provided in
the  amendments to the restricted stock purchase/stock option agreements
with  the individuals identified in Schedule 2.1.5 of the Company
Disclosure  --------------  Letter, any acceleration or release of any
vesting condition to the right  to exercise any option, warrant or other
right to purchase or otherwise  acquire any shares of the Company\'s capital
stock, or any acceleration or  release of any right to repurchase shares of
the Company\'s capital stock  upon the shareholder\'s termination of
employment or services with the  Company or pursuant to any right of first
refusal;   (f) payment or discharge by the Company of any Encumbrance on 
any asset or property of the Company, or the payment or discharge of any 
liability of the Company, in each case that was not either shown on the 
Balance Sheet or incurred in the ordinary course of the Company\'s business 
after December 31, 1999, in an amount in excess of $10,000 for any single 
liability to a particular creditor;   17    (g) purchase, license, sale,
assignment or other disposition or  transfer, or any agreement or other
arrangement for the purchase, license,  sale, assignment or other disposition
or transfer, of any of the assets  (including intangible assets), properties
or goodwill of the Company other  than a non-exclusive license of any
products or services of the Company  made in the ordinary course of the
Company\'s business consistent with its  past practices;   (h) damage,
destruction or loss of any material property or  material asset, whether or
not covered by insurance;   (i) except as contemplated by this Agreement,
declaration,  setting aside or payment of any dividend on, or the making of
any other  distribution in respect of, the capital stock of the Company, or
any split,  combination or recapitalization of the capital stock of the
Company or any  direct or indirect redemption, purchase or other acquisition
of any capital  stock of the Company or any change in any rights,
preferences, privileges  or restrictions of any outstanding security of the
Company;   (j) other than the New Options, change or increase in an amount 
in excess of $10,000 in the compensation payable or to become payable to  any
of the officers, directors, or employees of the Company, or in any  bonus or
pension, insurance or other benefit payment or arrangement  (including
without limitation stock awards, stock option grants, stock  appreciation
rights or stock option grants) made to or with any of such  officers,
employees or agents;   (k) other than the New Options, change or increase in
any  amount, since September 15, 2000, in the compensation payable or to
become  payable to any of the officers, directors, or employees of the
Company, or  in any bonus or pension, insurance or other benefit payment or
arrangement  (including without limitation stock awards, stock option grants,
stock  appreciation rights or stock option grants) made to or with any of
such  officers, employees or agents;   (l) change with respect to the
management, supervisory or other  key personnel of the Company;   (m)
obligation or liability incurred by the Company to any of  its officers,
directors or shareholders, except for normal and customary  compensation and
expense allowances payable to officers in the ordinary  course of the
Company\'s business consistent with its past practices;   (n) making by the
Company of any loan, advance or capital  contribution to, or any investment
in, any officer, director or shareholder  of the Company or any firm or
business enterprise in which any such person  had a direct or indirect
material interest at the time of such loan,  advance, capital contribution or
investment;   (o) entering into, amendment of, relinquishment, termination
or  non-renewal by the Company of any contract, lease, transaction,
commitment  or other right or obligation other than in the ordinary course of
its  business consistent with its past practices; or any written or oral 
indication or assertion by the other party thereto of any material problems 
with the Company\'s   18    services or performance under such contract,
lease, transaction, commitment  or other right or obligation or its desire to
so amend, relinquish,  terminate or not renew any such contract, lease,
transaction, commitment or  other right or obligation;   (p) material
change in the manner in which the Company extends  discounts, credits or
warranties to customers or otherwise deals with its  customers;   (q)
entering into by the Company of any transaction, contract or  agreement that
by its terms requires or contemplates a current and/or  future financial
commitment, expense (inclusive of overhead expense) or  obligation on the
part of the Company that involves in excess of $20,000 or  that is not
entered into in the ordinary course of the Company\'s business,  or the
conduct of any business or operations other than in the ordinary  course of
the Company\'s business consistent with its past practices;   (r) license,
transfer or grant of a right under any Company IP  Rights (as defined in
Section 3.13 below), other than those licensed,  transferred or granted in
the ordinary course of the Company\'s business  consistent with its past
practices; or   (s) agreement or arrangement made by the Company to take
any  action that, if taken prior to the Agreement Date, would have made any 
representation or warranty of the Company set forth in Article 3 of this 
Agreement untrue or incorrect as of the date when made.   3.11 Contracts and
Commitments/Licenses and Permits. Schedule 3.11(a) 
---------------------------------------------- ---------------- through (l)
to the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a list of each of the 
--- following written or oral contracts, agreements, leases, licenses,
permits, assignments, mortgages, transactions, obligations, commitments or
other instruments to which the Company is a party or to which the Company or
any of its assets or properties is bound:   (a) any contract or agreement
providing for payments (whether  fixed, contingent or otherwise) by or to the
Company in an aggregate amount  of $20,000 or more;   (b) any dealer,
distributor, OEM (original equipment  manufacturer), VAR (value added
reseller), sales representative or similar  agreement under which any third
party is authorized to sell, sublicense,  lease, distribute, market or take
orders for, any product, service or  technology of the Company;   (c) any
contract providing for the development of any software,  content (including
without limitation textual content and visual,  photographic or graphics
content), technology or intellectual property for  (or for the benefit or use
of) the Company, or providing for the purchase  or license of any software,
content (including without limitation textual  content and visual or graphics
content), technology or intellectual  property to (or for the benefit or use
of) the Company, which software,  content, technology or intellectual
property is in any manner used or  incorporated (or is contemplated by the
Company to be used or incorporated)  in connection with any aspect or element
of any product, service or  technology of the Company (other than software
generally available to the  public at a per copy license fee of less than
$1,000 per copy) to the  extent necessary for the conduct of the business of
the Company as  presently conducted or contemplated;   19    (d) any
joint venture or partnership contract or other agreement  (excluding any
license agreements otherwise listed in Schedule 3.11(a)  ---------------- 
through (l)) that has involved, or is reasonably expected to involve, a 
----  sharing of profits, expenses or losses with any other party;   (e)
any contract or commitment for or relating to the employment  of any officer,
employee or consultant of the Company or any other type of  contract or
understanding with any officer, employee or consultant of the  Company that
is not immediately terminable by the Company without cost or  other
liability;   (f) any indenture, mortgage, trust deed, promissory note,
loan  agreement, security agreement, guarantee or other agreement or
commitment  for the borrowing of money, for a line of credit or for a
leasing  transaction of a type required to be capitalized in accordance
with  Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 13 of the Financial 
Accounting Standards Board;   (g) any lease or other agreement under which
the Company is  lessee of or holds or operates any items of tangible personal
property or  real property owned by any third party;   (h) any agreement
that restricts the Company from engaging in  any aspect of its business; from
participating or competing in any line of  business or market; from freely
setting prices for the Company\'s products,  services or technologies
(including but not limited to most favored  customer pricing provisions);
from engaging in any business in any market  or geographic area; or from
soliciting potential employees, consultants,  contractors or other suppliers
or customers;   (i) any Company IP Rights Agreement (as defined in Section 
3.13);   (j) any agreement relating to the sale, issuance, grant, 
exercise, award, purchase, repurchase or redemption of any shares of  capital
stock or other securities of the Company or any options, warrants  or other
rights to purchase or otherwise acquire any such shares of capital  stock,
other securities or options, warrants or other rights therefor,  except for
those agreements conforming to the standard agreement under the  Company
Plan;   (k) any contract with or commitment to any labor union; and   (l)
any Governmental Permit (as defined in Section 3.14.3).   A true and
complete copy of each agreement or document required by these subsections (a)
through (l) of this Section to be listed on Schedule 3.11 to the 
------------- Company Disclosure Letter (such agreements and documents being
hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Company Material Agreements")
and a copy of each Governmental Permit required by subsection (l) of this
Section to be listed on Schedule 3.11 to the Company Disclosure Letter has
been delivered or made  ------------- available to Parent\'s legal
counsel.   20    3.12 No Default; No Restrictions. 
---------------------------   (a) The Company is not, nor to the Company\'s
knowledge is any  other party, in material breach or default under any
Company Material  Agreement. No event has occurred, and no circumstance or
condition exists,  that (with or without notice or lapse of time) will, or to
the Company\'s  knowledge, would reasonably be expected to, (i) result in a
violation or  breach of any of the provisions of any Company Material
Agreement, or (ii)  to the Company\'s knowledge, give any third party (A) the
right to declare a  default or exercise any remedy under any Company Material
Agreement, (B)  the right to a rebate, chargeback, penalty or change in
delivery schedule  under any Company Material Agreement, (C) the right to
accelerate the  maturity or performance of any obligation of the Company
under any Company  Material Agreement, or (D) the right to cancel, terminate
or modify any  Company Material Agreement. The Company has not received any
written, or,  to the Company\'s knowledge, oral notice or other communication
regarding  any actual or possible violation or breach of, or default under,
any  Company Material Agreement. The Company has no material liability for 
renegotiation of government contracts or subcontracts, if any.   (b) Except
as listed in Schedule 3.11(h) to the Company  ----------------  Disclosure
Letter, the Company is not a party to, and no asset or property  of the
Company is bound or affected by, any judgment, injunction, order,  decree,
contract, covenant or agreement (noncompete or otherwise) that  restricts or
prohibits, or purports to restrict or prohibit, the Company  or, following
the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation or Parent, from  freely
engaging in any business now conducted or contemplated by the  Company or
from competing anywhere in the world (including any contracts,  covenants or
agreements restricting the geographic area in which Company  may sell,
license, market, distribute or support any products or technology  or provide
services; or restricting the markets, customers or industries  that the
Company may address in operating its business; or restricting the  prices
which the Company may charge for its products or technology or  services), or
includes any grants by the Company of exclusive rights or  licenses.   3.13
Intellectual Property.  ---------------------   3.13.1 The Company (i) owns
and has independently developed, or (ii) has the valid right or license to
use, possess, develop, sell, license, copy, distribute, market, advertise
and/or dispose of all Intellectual Property (as defined below) used in the
conduct of the Company Business (as defined below) (such Intellectual
Property being hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Company IP
Rights"). Such Company IP Rights are sufficient for such conduct of the
Company Business. As used herein, the term "Company Business" means
the business of the Company as presently conducted and as presently proposed
to be conducted. As used herein, the term "Intellectual Property" means,
collectively, all worldwide industrial and intellectual property rights,
including patents, patent applications, patent rights, trademarks, trademark
registrations and applications therefor, trade dress rights, trade names,
service marks, service mark registrations and applications therefor, Internet
domain names, Internet and World Wide Web URLs or addresses, copyrights,
copyright registrations and applications therefor, mask work rights, mask
work registrations and applications therefor, franchises, licenses,
inventions, trade secrets, know- how, customer lists, supplier lists,
proprietary processes and formulae, software source code and object code,
algorithms, net lists, architectures, structures, screen displays,  
21   photographs, images, layouts, inventions, development tools,
designs, blueprints, specifications, technical drawings (or similar
information in electronic format) and all documentation and media
constituting, describing or relating to the foregoing, including manuals,
programmers\' notes, memoranda and records. As used in this Section 3.13,
"Company-Owned IP Rights" means Company IP Rights that are owned or
exclusively licensed to the Company; and "Company- Licensed IP Rights" means
Company IP Rights that are not Company-Owned IP Rights.   3.13.2 Neither
the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the Certificate of
Merger, the Agreement of Merger, or the consummation of the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and/or by Company Ancillary
Agreements will, in accordance with their terms: (a) constitute a material
breach of or default under any instrument, contract, license or other
agreement governing any Company IP Right (collectively, the "Company IP
Rights Agreements"); (b) cause the forfeiture or termination of, or give rise
to a right of forfeiture or termination of, any Company IP Right; or (c)
materially impair the right of the Company or the Surviving Corporation to
use, possess, sell or license any Company IP Right or portion thereof. There
are no royalties, honoraria, fees or other payments payable by the Company to
any third person (other than salaries payable to employees and independent
contractors not contingent on or related to use of their work product) as a
result of the ownership, use, possession, license-in, sale, marketing,
advertising or disposition of any Company IP Rights by the Company to the
extent necessary for the conduct of the Company Business and none will become
payable as a result of the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement.   3.13.3 Neither the use, development, manufacture,
marketing, license, sale, furnishing or intended use of any product or
service currently licensed, utilized, sold, provided or furnished by the
Company or currently under development by the Company violates any license or
agreement between the Company and any third party or infringes or
misappropriates any Intellectual Property Right of any other party; and there
is no pending or, to the Company\'s knowledge, threatened claim or litigation
contesting the validity, ownership or right of the Company to exercise any
Company IP Right, nor to the knowledge of the Company, is there any
legitimate basis for any such claim, nor has the Company received any notice
asserting that any Company IP Right or the proposed use, sale, license or
disposition thereof conflicts or will conflict with the rights of any other
party, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, is there any legitimate basis
for any such assertion. No present or past Company products use any Groxis IP
or any derivative thereof. "Groxis IP" means Intellectual Property assigned
by the Company to Groxis, Inc. in that certain Assignment Agreement dated
March 30, 2000.   3.13.4 No current or former employee (when such former
employee was employed by the Company), consultant or independent contractor
of the Company: (a) is in material violation of any term or covenant of any
employment contract, patent disclosure agreement, invention assignment
agreement, non-disclosure agreement, noncompetition agreement or any other
contract or agreement with any other party by virtue of such employee\'s,
consultant\'s, or independent contractor\'s being employed by, or performing
services for, the Company or using trade secrets or proprietary information
of others without permission; or (b) has developed or did develop any
technology, software or other copyrightable, patentable, or  
22   otherwise proprietary work for the Company that is subject to any
agreement under which such employee, consultant or independent contractor has
assigned or otherwise granted to any third party any rights (including
Intellectual Property) in or to such technology, software or other
copyrightable, patentable or otherwise proprietary work. The employment of
any employee of the Company or the use by the Company of the services of any
consultant or independent contractor does not subject the Company to any
liability to any third party for improperly soliciting such employee or
consultant, or independent contractor to work for the Company, whether such
liability is based on contractual or other legal obligations to such third
party.   3.13.5 The Company has taken all reasonably necessary and
appropriate steps to protect, preserve and maintain the secrecy and
confidentiality of the Company IP Rights and to preserve and maintain all the
Company\'s interests and proprietary rights in the Company IP Rights. All
officers, employees and consultants of the Company having access to
proprietary information of the Company, its customers or business partners
and inventions owned by the Company, have executed and delivered to the
Company an agreement regarding the protection of such proprietary information
and the assignment of the Company\'s inventions to the Company (in the case
of proprietary information of the Company\'s customer and business partners,
to the extent required by such customers and business partners); and copies
of all such agreements have been delivered to Parent\'s counsel. The Company
has secured valid written assignments from all of the Company\'s consultants,
contractors and employees who were involved in, or who contributed to, the
creation or development of any Company-Owned IP Rights, of the rights to such
contributions that may be owned by such persons or that the Company does not
already own by operation of law. No current or former employee, officer,
director, consultant or independent contractor of the Company has any right,
license, claim or interest whatsoever in or with respect to any Company IP
Rights.   3.13.6 Schedule 3.13.6 to the Company Disclosure Letter contains
a  --------------- true and complete list of (i) all worldwide registrations
made by or on behalf of the Company of any patents, copyrights, mask works,
trademarks, service marks, Internet domain names or Internet or World Wide
Web URLs or addresses with any governmental or quasi-governmental authority,
including Internet domain name registries; and (ii) all applications,
registrations, filings and other formal written governmental actions made or
taken pursuant to federal, state and foreign laws by the Company to secure,
perfect or protect its interest in Company IP Rights, including all patent
applications, copyright applications, and applications for registration of
trademarks and service marks. All registered patents, trademarks, service
marks, Internet domain names, Internet or World Wide Web URLs or addresses,
and copyrights held by the Company are valid, enforceable and subsisting and
the Company is the record owner thereof.   3.13.7 The Company owns all
right, title and interest in and to all Company-Owned IP Rights free and
clear of all Encumbrances and licenses (other than licenses and Encumbrances
or other rights listed in Schedule 3.13.8). The  --------------- Company\'s
right, license and interest in and to all Company-Licensed IP Rights are free
and clear of all Encumbrances resulting from agreements to which the Company
or its licensees are a party, and all licenses to which the Company or its
licensees are a party (other than licenses and Encumbrances or other
rights listed in Schedule 3.13.8).  ---------------   23    3.13.8
Schedule 3.13.8 to the Company Disclosure Letter contains a 
--------------- true and complete list of (i) all licenses, sublicenses and
other agreements as to which the Company is a party and pursuant to which any
person or entity is authorized to use any Company IP Rights, and (ii) all
licenses, sublicenses and other agreements as to which the Company is a party
and pursuant to which the Company is authorized to use any third party
Intellectual Property.   3.13.9 Neither the Company, nor any other party
acting on its behalf, has disclosed or delivered to any party, or permitted
the disclosure or delivery to any escrow agent or other party of, any Company
Source Code (as defined below). No event has occurred, and no circumstance or
condition exists, that (with or without notice or lapse of time) will, or
would reasonably be expected to, result in the disclosure or delivery by the
Company or any other party acting on the Company\'s behalf to any party of
any Company Source Code (as defined below). Schedule 3.13.9 of the Company
Disclosure Letter identifies each  --------------- contract, agreement and
instrument (whether written or oral) pursuant to which the Company has
deposited, or is or may be required to deposit, with an escrow holder or any
other party, any Company Source Code and further describes whether the
execution of this Agreement or the consummation of the Merger or any of
the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, in and of itself,
would reasonably be expected to result in the release from escrow of any
Company Source Code. As used in this Section 3.13.9, "Company Source Code"
means, collectively, any software source code, or any material portion or
aspect of the software source code, or any material proprietary information
or algorithm contained in or relating to any software source code, of any
Company-Owned IP Rights or any other product or service marketed or currently
proposed to be marketed by the Company.   3.13.10 To the Company\'s
knowledge, there is no unauthorized use, disclosure, infringement or
misappropriation of any Company IP Rights by any third party, including any
employee or former employee of the Company. The Company has not agreed to
indemnify any person for any infringement of any Intellectual Property of any
third party by any product or service that has been sold, licensed to third
parties, leased to third parties, supplied, marketed, distributed, or
provided by the Company.   3.13.11 All software developed by the Company and
licensed by the Company to customers and all services provided by or through
the Company to customers on or prior to the Closing Date conform in all
material respects (to the extent required in contracts with such customers)
to applicable contractual commitments, express and implied warranties,
product specifications and product documentation and to any representations
provided to customers and the Company has no material liability (and, to the
Company\'s knowledge, there is no legitimate basis for any present or future
action, suit, proceeding, hearing, investigation, charge, complaint, claim or
demand against the Company giving rise to any material liability relating to
the foregoing contracts) for replacement or repair thereof or other damages
in connection therewith in excess of any reserves therefor reflected on the
Balance Sheet.   3.13.12 No government funding; facilities of a university,
college, other educational institution or research center; or funding from
third parties (other than funds received in consideration for capital stock
of the Company) was used in the development of the computer  
24   software programs or applications owned by the Company. No current or
former employee, consultant or independent contractor of the Company, who was
involved in, or who contributed to, the creation or development of any
Company IP Rights, has performed services for the government, university,
college, or other educational institution or research center during a period
in which such employee, consultant or independent contractor was also
performing services for the Company, except as listed in Schedule 3.13.12 to
the Company Disclosure  ---------------- Letter. For those persons listed,
no such institution has any rights in the work product resulting from
services performed for the Company by the person listed.   3.13.13 The
Employee Innovations and Proprietary Rights Assignment Agreement, effective
as of June 14, 1994, between Joel Schatz and the Company is in full force and
effect.   3.14 Compliance with Laws.  --------------------   3.14.1 The
Company has materially complied, and is now and at the Closing Date will be
in material compliance with, all applicable federal, state or local laws,
ordinances, regulations, and rules, and all orders, writs, injunctions,
awards, judgments, and decrees, and to the Company\'s knowledge, all foreign
laws, ordinances, regulations and rules, applicable to it or to its assets,
properties and business (and any regulations promulgated
thereunder) (collectively, "Applicable Law"). The Company holds all valid
licenses and other governmental permits that are necessary and/or legally
required to be held by it to conduct its business as presently conducted.  
3.14.2 All materials, products and services distributed or marketed by the
Company have at all times made all material disclosures to users or customers
required by Applicable Law and none of such disclosures made or contained in
any such materials have been inaccurate, misleading or deceptive in any
material respect.   3.14.3 The Company holds all material permits, licenses
and approvals from, and has made all material filings with, government (and
quasi- governmental) agencies and authorities, that are necessary for the
Company to conduct its present business without any violation of Applicable
Law ("Governmental Permits") and all such Governmental Permits are in full
force and effect. The Company has not received any notice or other
communication from any Governmental Authority regarding (a) any actual or
possible violation of law or any Governmental Permit or any failure to comply
with any term or requirement of any Governmental Permit, or (b) any actual or
possible revocation, withdrawal, suspension, cancellation, termination or
modification of any Governmental Permit.   3.14.4 Neither the Company nor
any director, officer, agent or employee of the Company has, for or on behalf
of the Company, (a) used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts,
entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity, (b)
made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or
employees or to foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns or
violated any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as
amended, or (c) made any other payment in violation of Applicable Law.  
25    3.15 Certain Transactions and Agreements. None of the officers and 
----------------------------------- directors of the Company and, to the
Company\'s knowledge, none of the employees or shareholders of the Company,
nor any member of their immediate families, has any direct ownership interest
in any firm or corporation that competes with, or does business with, or has
any contractual arrangement with, the Company (except with respect to any
interest in less than two percent of the stock of any corporation whose stock
is publicly traded). To the Company\'s knowledge, none of the officers,
directors, employees or shareholders of the Company, nor any member of their
immediate families, has any indirect ownership interest in any firm or
corporation that competes with, or does business with, or has any contractual
arrangement with, the Company (except with respect to any interest in less
than two percent of the stock of any corporation whose stock is
publicly traded). None of said officers, directors, employees or shareholders
or any member of their immediate families, is a party to, or otherwise
directly or indirectly interested in, any contract or informal arrangement
with the Company, except for normal compensation for services as an officer,
director or employee thereof that have been disclosed to Parent. None of said
officers, directors, employees, shareholders or family members has any
interest in any property, real or personal, tangible or intangible (including
but not limited to any Company IP Rights or any other Intellectual Property)
that is used in, or that pertains to, the business of the Company, except for
the rights of a shareholder under applicable law.   3.16 Employees, ERISA
and Other Compliance.  -------------------------------------   3.16.1 The
Company is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws,
agreements and contracts relating to employment, employment practices,
immigration, wages, hours, and terms and conditions of employment, including,
but not limited to, employee compensation matters, and has
correctly classified employees as exempt employees and non-exempt employees
under the Fair Labor Standards Act. A list of all employees, officers and
consultants of the Company and their current title and/or job description and
compensation is set forth on Schedule 3.16.1 to the Company Disclosure
Letter. The Company does not  --------------- have any employment contracts
or consulting agreements currently in effect that are not terminable at will
(other than agreements with the sole purpose of providing for the
confidentiality of proprietary information or assignment of inventions).  
3.16.2 The Company (a) is not now, nor has ever been, subject to a union
organizing effort, (b) is not subject to any collective bargaining agreement
with respect to any of its employees, (c) is not subject to any
other contract, written or oral, with any trade or labor union, employees\'
association or similar organization, and (d) has no current labor disputes.
The Company has good labor relations, and has no knowledge of any facts
indicating that the consummation of the Merger or any of the other
transactions contemplated hereby will have a material adverse effect on such
labor relations, and has no knowledge that any of its key employees intends
to leave their employ. All of the employees of the Company are legally
permitted to be employed by the Company in the United States of America in
their current job capacities.   3.16.3 The Company has no pension plan,
which constitutes, or has since the enactment of the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA")   26   constituted, a
"multiemployer plan" as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA. No pension plan of
the Company is subject to Title IV of ERISA.   3.16.4 (a) Schedule 3.16.4 to
the Company Disclosure Letter lists  --------------- each employment,
severance or other similar contract, arrangement or policy, each "employee
benefit plan" as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA and each plan or
arrangement (written or oral) providing for insurance coverage (including
any self-insured arrangements), workers\' benefits, vacation benefits,
severance benefits, disability benefits, death benefits, hospitalization
benefits, retirement benefits, deferred compensation, profit-sharing,
bonuses, stock options, stock purchase, phantom stock, stock appreciation or
other forms of incentive compensation or post-retirement insurance,
compensation or benefits for employees, consultants or directors that is
entered into, maintained or contributed to by the Company or any ERISA
Affiliate and covers any employee or former employee of the Company. Such
contracts, plans and arrangements as are described in this Section 3.16.4 are
hereinafter collectively referred to as "Company Benefit Arrangements." For
purposes of this Section 3.16, "ERISA Affiliate" shall mean any entity which
is a member of: (i) a "controlled group of corporations", as defined in
Section 414(b) of the Code; (ii) a group of entities under "common control",
as defined in Section 414(c) of the Code; or (iii) an "affiliated service
group", as defined in Section 414(m) of the Code, or treasury regulations
promulgated under Section 414(o) of the Code, any of which includes the
Company or any subsidiary of the Company.   (b) Each Company Benefit
Arrangement has been maintained in compliance in all material respects with
its terms and with the requirements prescribed by any and all statutes,
orders, rules and regulations that are applicable to such Company Benefit
Arrangement and, unless otherwise indicated in Schedule 3.16.4 to the Company
Disclosure Letter, each such Company Benefit  --------------- Arrangement
that is an "employee pension benefit plan" as defined in Section 3(2) of
ERISA that is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code
has received a favorable determination letter that such plan satisfied
the requirements of the Tax Reform Act of 1986 (a copy of which letter(s)
have been delivered to Parent and its legal counsel). No Company Benefit
Arrangement will be subject to any surrender fees or services fees upon
termination other than the normal and reasonable administrative fees
associated with the termination of benefit plans.   (c) The Company has
delivered to Parent or its legal counsel a complete and correct copy and
description of each Company Benefit Arrangement.   (d) The Company has
timely filed and delivered to Parent and its legal counsel the most recent
annual report (Form 5500) for each Company Benefit Arrangement that is an
"employee benefit plan" as defined under ERISA.   (e) The Company has not
ever been a participant in any "prohibited transaction," within the meaning
of Section 406 of ERISA with respect to any employee pension benefit plan (as
defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA) that the Company sponsors as employer or in
which the Company participates as an employer, which was not otherwise exempt
pursuant to   27   Section 408 of ERISA (including any individual
exemption granted under Section 408(a) of ERISA), or that could result in an
excise tax under the Code.   (f) All contributions due from the Company with
respect to any of Company Benefit Arrangements have been made or have been
accrued on the Company\'s financial statements (including without limitation
the Company Financial Statements), and no further contributions will be due
or will have accrued thereunder as of the Closing Date.   (g) All
individuals who, pursuant to the terms of any Company Benefit Arrangement,
are entitled to participate in any such Company Benefit Arrangement, are
currently participating in such Company Benefit Arrangement or have been
offered an opportunity to do so and have declined in writing.   (h) The
Company will have no liability to any employee or to any organization or any
other entity as a result of the termination of any employee leasing
arrangement in excess of $100,000.   3.16.5 There has been no amendment to,
written interpretation or announcement (whether or not written) by the
Company relating to, or change in employee participation or coverage under,
any Company Benefit Arrangement that would increase materially the expense of
maintaining such Company Benefit Arrangement above the level of the expense
incurred in respect thereof during the calendar year 1999.   3.16.6 The
group health plans (as defined in Section 4980B(g) of the Code) that benefit
employees of the Company are in compliance, in all material respects, with
the continuation coverage requirements of Section 4980B of the Code, as such
requirements affect the Company and its employees. As of the Closing Date,
there will be no material outstanding, uncorrected violations under the
Consolidation Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as
amended ("COBRA"), with respect to any of Company Benefit Arrangements,
covered employees, or qualified beneficiaries that could result in a Material
Adverse Effect on the Company, or in a Material Adverse Effect on Parent
after the Effective Time.   3.16.7 Unless otherwise indicated in Schedule
3.16.7 to the Company  --------------- Disclosure Letter, no benefit payable
or that may become payable by the Company pursuant to any Company Benefit
Arrangement or as a result of or arising under this Agreement, the
Certificate of Merger or the Agreement of Merger will constitute an "excess
parachute payment" (as defined in Section 280G(b)(1) of the Code) that is
subject to the imposition of an excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code or
which that not be deductible by reason of Section 280G of the Code. Unless
otherwise indicated in Schedule 3.16.7 to the Company Disclosure 
--------------- Letter, the Company is not a party to any: (a) agreement with
any executive officer or other key employee thereof (i) the benefits of which
are contingent, or the terms of which are materially altered, upon the
occurrence of a transaction involving the Company in the nature of the Merger
or any of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any
Company Ancillary Agreement, (ii) providing any term of employment or
compensation guarantee, or (iii) providing severance benefits or other
benefits after the termination of employment of such employee regardless of
the reason for such termination of employment; or (b) agreement or plan,
including, without   28   limitation, any stock option plan, stock
appreciation rights plan or stock purchase plan, any of the benefits of which
will be increased, or the vesting of benefits of which will be accelerated,
by the occurrence of the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated
by this Agreement or any Company Ancillary Agreement, or the value of any of
the benefits of which will be calculated on the basis of any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any Company Ancillary
Agreement.   3.17 Corporate Documents. The Company has made available to
Parent or  ------------------- its legal counsel for examination all
documents and information listed in the Company Disclosure Letter or in any
schedule thereto or in any other exhibit or schedule called for by this
Agreement that have been requested by Parent or its legal counsel, including
the following: (a) copies of Company\'s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws
as currently in effect; (b) the Company\'s minute book containing all records
of all proceedings, consents, actions, and meetings of Company shareholders,
board of directors and any committees thereof; (c) the Company\'s stock
ledger, option ledger, and warrant ledger and journal reflecting all stock
issuances and transfers, and all grants of options and warrants to purchase
Company capital stock and other Company securities; (d) all permits, orders,
and consents issued by, and filings by the Company with, any
regulatory agency with respect to the Company, or any securities of the
Company, and all applications for such permits, orders, and consents; and (e)
all the Company Material Agreements.   3.18 No Brokers. Except for the fees
and expenses payable to Banc of  ---------- America Securities LLC in
accordance with that certain letter agreement dated September 30, 2000,
neither the Company nor any affiliate of the Company is obligated for the
payment of any fees or expenses of any investment banker, broker, finder or
similar party in connection with the origin, negotiation or execution of this
Agreement or in connection with the Merger or any other transaction
contemplated by this Agreement. Parent will not incur any liability, either
directly or indirectly, to any such investment banker, broker, finder
or similar party (including to Banc of America Securities LLC) as a result
of, this Agreement, the Merger or any act or omission of the Company, any of
its employees, officers, directors, shareholders, agents or affiliates.  
3.19 Books and Records.  -----------------   3.19.1 The books, records and
accounts of the Company (a) are in all material respects true, complete and
correct, (b) have been maintained in accordance with good business practices
on a basis consistent with prior years, (c) are stated in reasonable detail
and accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the Company, and (d) accurately and fairly reflect the basis for
the Company Financial Statements.   3.19.2 The Company has devised and
maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide
reasonable assurances that: (a) transactions are executed in accordance with
management\'s general or specific authorization; (b) transactions are
recorded as necessary (i) to permit preparation of financial statements in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles or any other
criteria applicable to such statements, and (ii) to maintain accountability
for assets; and (c) the amount recorded for assets on the books and records
of the   29   Company is compared with the existing assets at reasonable
intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any
differences.   3.20 Insurance. Since its organization, the Company has
maintained, and  --------- now maintains all legally required workers\'
compensation insurance and errors and omissions, casualty, fire and general
liability insurance. There is no material claim pending under any of such
policies or bonds as to which coverage has been questioned, denied or
disputed by the underwriters of such policies or bonds. All premiums due and
payable under all such policies and bonds have been timely paid and the
Company is otherwise in material compliance with the terms of such policies
and bonds. The Company has no knowledge of any threatened termination of, or
material premium increase with respect to, any of such policies. All policies
of insurance now held by the Company are set forth in Schedule 3.20 to the
Company Disclosure Letter, together with the name of
the ------------- insurer under each policy, the type of policy, the policy
coverage amount and any applicable deductible.   3.21 Environmental
Matters.  ---------------------   3.21.1 The Company is in material
compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws (as defined below), which
compliance includes the possession by the Company of all permits and other
governmental authorizations required under applicable Environmental Laws, and
compliance with the terms and conditions thereof. The Company has not
received any notice or other communication (in writing or otherwise), whether
from a governmental body, citizens groups, employee or otherwise, that
alleges that the Company is not in compliance with any Environmental Law, and
there are no circumstances that may prevent or interfere with the compliance
by the Company with any current Environmental Law in the future. To the
Company\'s knowledge, no current or prior owner of any property leased or
possessed by the Company has received any notice or other communication (in
writing or otherwise), whether from a government body, citizens group,
employee or otherwise, that alleges that such current or prior owner or the
Company is not in compliance with any Environmental Law. All governmental
authorizations currently held by the Company pursuant to any Environmental
Law (if any) are identified in Schedule 3.21 of the Company 
------------- Disclosure Letter.   3.21.2 For purposes of this Section
3.21: (a) "Environmental Law" means any federal, state or local statute, law
regulation or other legal requirement relating to pollution or protection of
human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, ground
water, land surface or subsurface strata), including any law or regulation
relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of
Materials of Environmental Concern, or otherwise relating to the manufacture,
processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or
handling of Materials of Environmental Concern; and (b) "Material of
Environmental Concern" include chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, wastes,
toxic substances, petroleum and petroleum products and any other substance
that is currently regulated by an Environmental Law or that is otherwise a
danger to health, reproduction or the environment.   3.22 Board Actions.
The Board of Directors of the Company (a) has  ------------- unanimously
determined that the Merger is in the best interests of the
Company Shareholders and is on terms   30    that are fair to such
Company Shareholders, and has recommended the Merger  to the Company
Shareholders, and (b) will submit the Merger, this  Agreement, each of the
Company Ancillary Agreements and all other  agreements, transactions and
actions contemplated hereby and thereby, to  the extent that shareholder
approval is required thereof under Applicable  Law and the Company\'s
Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, to the vote and  approval of the
holders of (i) the Company Common Stock, (ii) the Company  Preferred Stock
and (iii) the Company Series B Preferred Stock.   3.23 No Existing
Discussions. Neither the Company nor any director,  ----------------------- 
officer, shareholder, employee or agent of the Company is engaged, directly 
or indirectly, in any discussions or negotiations with any third party 
relating to any Alternative Transaction (as defined in Section 5.7).   3.24
HSR Act.  -------   (a) The Company is not a "$10 million person" as
defined under the rules and regulations of the HSR Act, and the Company is
not "engaged in manufacturing" for purposes of the HSR Act.   (b) There is
no person, or group of persons under Common Control, who Control(s) the
Company. For the purposes of this Section, the term "Control" or
"Controlling" means either: (a) holding beneficial ownership, whether direct
or indirect through fiduciaries, agents, controlled entities or other means,
of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding voting securities of an
issuer; or (b) in the case of an entity that has no outstanding
voting securities, having the right to fifty percent (50%) or more of the
profits of the entity, or having the right in the event of dissolution to
fifty percent (50%) or more of the assets of the entity; or (c) having the
contractual power presently to designate fifty percent (50%) or more of the
directors of a corporation, or in the case of unincorporated entities, of
individuals exercising similar functions. For the purposes of this Section,
"Common Control" means sharing an Ultimate Parent. For the purposes of this
Section, "Ultimate Parent" means a person who is not Controlled by any other
entity.   3.25 Disclosure. Neither this Agreement, its exhibits and
schedules  ----------  and the Company Disclosure Letter, nor any Company
Ancillary Agreements  delivered by the Company to Parent under this
Agreement, taken together,  contains any untrue statement of a material fact
or omits to state any  material fact necessary in order to make the
statements contained herein  and therein, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were  made, not misleading.   ARTICLE 4 
Representations and Warranties of Parent and Sub   Parent and Sub hereby
represent and warrant to the Company that,  except as set forth in the letter
addressed to the Company from Parent and  dated as of the Agreement Date that
has been delivered by Parent to the  Company concurrently herewith (the
"Parent Disclosure Letter"), each of the  following representations,
warranties and statements contained in the  following Sections of this
Article 4 are true and correct as of the  Agreement Date and will be true and
correct on and as of the Closing Date.  For all purposes of this Agreement,
the statements   31   contained in the Parent Disclosure Letter and its
schedules shall also be deemed to be representations and warranties made and
given by Parent and Sub under Article 4 of this Agreement.   4.1
Organization and Good Standing. Parent is a corporation duly 
------------------------------ organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, and has the corporate power
and authority to own, operate and lease its properties and to carry on its
business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted. Sub is a
corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the State of Delaware, and has the corporate power and authority to
own, operate and lease its properties and to carry on its business. Parent
owns all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Sub. Each of Parent
and Sub is duly qualified or licensed to do business in each jurisdiction in
which the property owned, leased or operated by it or the nature of the
business conducted by it makes such qualification or licensing
necessary, except in such jurisdictions where the failure to be so duly
qualified or licensed would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.
Parent has made available to the Company accurate and complete copies of the
Certificates of Incorporation and Bylaws of Parent and Sub, as currently in
full force and effect. Neither Parent nor Sub is in violation of its
Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws.   4.2 Power, Authorization and
Validity.  ---------------------------------   4.2.1 Power and Authority.
Parent has all requisite corporate power  ------------------- and authority
to enter into, execute, deliver and perform its obligations under, this
Agreement and all the Parent Ancillary Agreements and to consummate
the Merger. The Merger and the execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement and each of the Parent Ancillary Agreements by Parent have been
duly and validly approved and authorized by Parent\'s Board of Directors in
compliance with Applicable Law and Parent\'s Certificate of Incorporation and
Bylaws. Neither the Merger nor the execution, delivery and performance of
this Agreement and each of the Parent Ancillary Agreements by Parent requires
the approval of Parent\'s stockholders. Sub has all requisite corporate
power, capacity and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations
under, this Agreement and all the Sub Ancillary Agreements and to consummate
the Merger. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and
each of the Sub Ancillary Agreements by Sub have been duly and validly
approved and authorized by Sub\'s Board of Directors and its sole stockholder
in compliance with Applicable Law and Sub\'s Certificate of Incorporation and
Bylaws.   4.2.2 No Consents. No consent, approval, order or authorization
of,  ----------- or registration, declaration or filing with, any court,
administrative agency, commission or other Governmental Authority, or any
other person or entity, governmental or otherwise (including any consent,
approval, order, authorization, registration, declaration or filing pursuant
to the HSR Act) is necessary or required to be made or obtained by Parent or
Sub to enable Parent and Sub to enter into, and to perform their respective
obligations under, this Agreement, the Parent Ancillary Agreements or the Sub
Ancillary Agreements, respectively, and for Parent and Sub to consummate the
Merger, except for: (a) the filing of the Certificate of Merger and the
Agreement of Merger with the Secretaries of State for the States of Delaware
and California,   32    respectively, as required under the Delaware Law
and California Law; (b) the  filing by Parent with the SEC or any state
securities law authorities of any  notices or filings required in connection
with the exemptions from the  registration or qualification requirements of
the Securities Act and/or  applicable state securities laws that Parent
relies on in issuing shares of  Parent Common Stock pursuant to this
Agreement; (c) the filing by Parent of  such reports and information with the
SEC under the Exchange Act and the rules  and regulations promulgated by the
SEC thereunder, as may be required in  connection with this Agreement, the
Merger and the other transactions  contemplated by this Agreement; (d) the
filing by Parent with the SEC of the  Form S-3 registration statement to be
filed by Parent pursuant to this  Agreement; (e) the filing by Parent with
the SEC of the Form S-8 registration  statement to be filed by Parent
pursuant to this Agreement; (f) such other  filings as may be required by the
Nasdaq Stock Market with respect to the  Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, and the  issuance of the shares of Parent
Common Stock and the assumption of Company  Options by Parent in the Merger;
(g) such other filings, if any, as may be  required in order for Parent to
comply with applicable federal and state  securities laws; and (h) such other
consents, approvals, orders,  authorizations, registrations, declarations and
filings, if any, that if not  made or obtained by Parent or Sub would not be
material to Parent\'s or Sub\'s  ability to consummate the Merger or to
perform their respective obligations  under this Agreement, the Parent
Ancillary Agreements and the Sub Ancillary  Agreements, respectively.  
4.2.3 Enforceability. This Agreement and the Parent Ancillary 
--------------  Agreements are, or when executed by Parent will be, valid and
binding  obligations of Parent, enforceable against Parent in accordance with
their  respective terms, subject to the effect of (a) applicable bankruptcy
and other  similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and (b)
rules of law  and equity governing specific performance, injunctive relief
and other  equitable remedies. This Agreement and the Sub Ancillary
Agreements are, or  when executed by Sub will be, valid and binding
obligations of Sub,  enforceable against Sub in accordance with their
respective terms, subject to  the effect of (a) applicable bankruptcy and
other similar laws affecting the  rights of creditors generally and (b) rules
of law and equity governing  specific performance, injunctive relief and
other equitable remedies.   4.3 Parent and Sub Capital Structure. 
--------------------------------   (a) The authorized capital stock of
Parent consists of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per
share, of which there were 49,500,418 shares issued and outstanding as of
September 30, 2000; and 5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value $0.001
per share, of which no shares are issued or outstanding as of September 30,
2000. All outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock are duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. As of September 30, 2000, there
were: (i) options outstanding to purchase an aggregate of 12,790,535 shares
of Parent Common Stock pursuant to Parent\'s stock option plans, and options
outstanding to purchase an aggregate of 16,929 shares of Parent Common Stock
which were assumed by Parent in connection with its acquisition of Neonyoyo,
Inc.; (ii) warrants outstanding to purchase an aggregate of 60,554 shares of
Parent Common Stock; (iii) 753,478 shares of Parent Common Stock reserved for
future issuance under Parent\'s 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan; and (iv)
4,059,992 shares of Parent Common Stock reserved for future issuance under
Parent\'s 2000   33   Stock Incentive Plan. All shares of Parent Common
Stock subject to issuance as aforesaid, upon issuance on the terms and
conditions specified in the instruments pursuant to which they are issuable,
would be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.  
(b) The authorized capital stock of Sub consists of 100 shares of  common
stock, $0.01 par value per share, all of which, as of the date hereof,  are
issued and outstanding and are held by Parent. All of the outstanding  shares
of Sub\'s common stock have been duly authorized and validly issued, and  are
fully paid and nonassessable. Sub was formed for the purpose of  consummating
the Merger and has no material assets or liabilities except as  necessary for
such purpose.   (c) The Parent Common Stock to be issued in the Merger, when
issued  in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, will be validly
issued,  fully paid and nonassessable and will be issued in compliance with
all  material applicable federal and state securities laws.   4.4 No
Conflict. Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor 
-----------  any of the Parent Ancillary Agreements or Sub Ancillary
Agreements by Parent  or Sub, nor the consummation of the Merger or any of
the other transactions  contemplated hereby or thereby, will conflict with,
or (with or without notice  or lapse of time, or both) result in a
termination, breach, impairment or  violation of or constitute a default
under: (a) any provision of the  Certificates of Incorporation or Bylaws of
Parent or Sub as currently in  effect; (b) any federal, state, local or
foreign judgment, writ, decree,  order, statute, rule or regulation
applicable to Parent or Sub or any of their  respective material assets or
properties; or (c) any note, bond, mortgage,  indenture, lease, license,
permit, franchise, material instrument, agreement,  or contract, undertaking,
understanding, letter of intent, memorandum of  understanding or commitment
(whether verbal or in writing) to which Parent or  any of its subsidiaries is
a party or by which Parent or any of its  subsidiaries or any of their
respective material assets or properties are  bound.   4.5 SEC Filings. 
-----------   (a) Parent has filed all forms, reports and documents
required to be filed by Parent with the SEC since the effective date of the
registration statement for Parent\'s initial public offering. All such
required forms, reports and documents (including those that Parent may file
subsequent to the date hereof) are referred to herein as the "Parent SEC
Reports." As of their respective dates, the Parent SEC Reports (i) were
prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act or the
Exchange Act, as the case may be, and the rules and regulations of the SEC
thereunder applicable to such Parent SEC Reports, and (ii) did not at the
time they were filed (or if amended or superseded by a filing, then on the
date of such filing) contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading, except to the extent corrected by a
subsequently filed Parent SEC Report.   (b) Each of the audited consolidated
financial statements (including, in each case, any related notes thereto)
contained in the Parent SEC Reports (the "Parent Financials"),  
34   including any Parent SEC Reports filed after the date hereof until the
Closing Date, (i) complied as to form in all material respects with the
published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, (ii) was
prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the
periods involved (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto or, in the
case of unaudited interim financial statements, as may be permitted by the
SEC on Form 1O-Q, 8-K or any successor form under the Exchange Act) and (iii)
fairly presented in all material respects the consolidated financial position
of Parent and its subsidiaries as of the respective dates thereof and the
consolidated results of Parent\'s operations and cash flows for the periods
indicated, except that the unaudited interim financial statements may not
contain footnotes and were or are subject to normal and recurring year-end
adjustments. The audited balance sheet of Parent contained in Parent SEC
Reports as of December 31, 1999 is hereinafter referred to as the "Parent
Balance Sheet." Except as disclosed in the Parent Financials, since December
31, 1999, neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries has any liabilities
required under GAAP to be set forth on a balance sheet (absolute, accrued,
contingent or otherwise) that are, individually or in the aggregate, material
to the business, results of operations or financial condition of Parent and
its subsidiaries taken as a whole, except for liabilities incurred since the
date of the Parent Balance Sheet in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practices and liabilities incurred in connection with
this Agreement.   4.6 Absence of Certain Changes. Except as set forth in the
Parent SEC  --------------------------  Reports, since December 31, 1999,
Parent has conducted its business in the  ordinary course consistent with
past practices and there has not occurred: (a)  any change, event or
condition (whether or not covered by insurance) that has  resulted in a
Material Adverse Effect on Parent; (b) any change in accounting  methods or
practices (including any change in depreciation or amortization  policies or
rates) by Parent or any revaluation by Parent of any of its  assets; or (c)
any declaration, setting aside, or payment of a dividend or  other
distribution with respect to the shares of Parent, or any direct or  indirect
redemption, purchase or other acquisition by Parent of any of its  shares of
capital stock.   ARTICLE 5  Pre-Closing Covenants of The Company   During
the time period from the Agreement Date until the earlier to occur  of (a)
the Effective Time or (b) the termination of this Agreement in  accordance
with the provisions of Article 10, the Company covenants and agrees  with
Parent as follows:   5.1 Advice of Changes. The Company will promptly advise
Parent in writing  -----------------  of any (a) event occurring subsequent
to the Agreement Date that would render  any representation or warranty of
the Company contained in Article 3 of this  Agreement, if made on or as of
the date of such event or the Closing Date,  untrue or inaccurate and (b)
Material Adverse Change in the Company.   5.2 Maintenance of Business. The
Company will carry on and preserve its  -----------------------  business
and its relationships with customers, advertisers, suppliers,  employees and
others with whom the Company has contractual relations in  substantially the
same manner as it has prior to the Agreement Date consistent  with past
practices. If the Company becomes aware of a material deterioration  in the
relationship with any key customer, key advertiser, key supplier or key  
35    employee, it will promptly bring such information to the attention of
Parent  in writing and, if requested by Parent, will exert reasonable
commercial  efforts to promptly restore the relationship.   5.3 Conduct of
Business. The Company will continue to conduct its business 
-------------------  and maintain its business relationships in the ordinary
and usual course and  the Company will not, without the prior written consent
of Parent:   (a) incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee
any such indebtedness of another person other than in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practices;   (b) lend any money, other
than reasonable and normal advances to employees for bona fide expenses that
are incurred in the ordinary course of the Company\'s business consistent
with the Company\'s past practices and other than loans in an aggregate
amount of $250,000 to Company officers to facilitate such Company officers\'
exercise of Company Options (which loans shall have a maturity date one year
from the date of the loan, which maturity date shall accelerate immediately
upon the first sale of any of the shares of Company Common Stock purchased
with the proceeds of such loan (or the shares of Parent Common Stock into
which such shares have been converted), shall be secured by a
security interest in such shares and which shall be evidenced by secured
promissory notes in a form reasonably acceptable to Parent);   (c) enter
into any material transaction or agreement or take any other action not in
the ordinary course of the Company\'s business consistent with the Company\'s
past practices;   (d) grant any Encumbrance on any of its assets;   (e)
sell, transfer or dispose of any of its assets except in the ordinary course
of the Company\'s business consistent with the Company\'s past practices;  
(f) enter into any material lease or contract for the purchase or sale of any
property, whether real or personal, tangible or intangible;   (g) pay any
bonus, increased salary or special remuneration to any officer, director,
employee or consultant (except pursuant to arrangements disclosed in writing
to Parent prior to the Agreement Date or disclosed in writing subsequent to
the Agreement Date and approved in writing by Parent) or amend or enter into
any employment or consulting agreement with any such person;   (h) change
any of its accounting methods;   (i) declare, set aside or pay any cash or
stock dividend or other distribution in respect of its capital stock, or
redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire any of its capital stock or other
securities (except for the repurchase of stock from employees, directors,
consultants or contractors of the Company in connection with the termination
of their services with the Company at the original purchase price of such
stock), or pay or distribute any cash or property to any  
36   shareholder or security holder of the Company or make any other cash
payment to any shareholder or security holder of the Company;   (j) amend
or terminate any contract, agreement or license to which the Company is a
party; (k) waive or release any material right or claim;   (l) except as
contemplated by this Agreement, issue, sell, create or authorize any shares
of its capital stock of any class or series or any other of its securities
(other than pursuant to the exercise of any Company Options), or issue, grant
or create any warrants, obligations, subscriptions, options (other than the
New Options (as defined in Section 5.13 hereof) as provided in Section 5.13
and any additional options to Company employees to purchase Company Common
Stock, provided that the vesting of such options does not accelerate in
connection with the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated
hereby, such options vest over a four-year period, with not more than twenty-
five percent in the first year and 21/12% each full calendar
month thereafter, and the exercise price of such option is not less than the
fair market value of Company Common Stock on the date of grant),
convertible securities, or other commitments to issue shares of its capital
stock or any securities that are potentially exchangeable for, or convertible
into, shares of its capital stock;   (m) subdivide or split or combine or
reverse split the outstanding shares of its capital stock of any class or
series or enter into any recapitalization affecting the number of outstanding
shares of its capital stock of any class or series or affecting any other of
its securities;   (n) merge, consolidate or reorganize with, or acquire, or
enter into any other business combination with, any corporation, partnership,
limited liability company or any other entity (other than Parent or Sub) or
enter into any negotiations, discussions or agreement for such purpose;  
(o) amend its Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws;   (p) license any of its
technology or Intellectual Property, or acquire any Intellectual Property (or
any license thereto) from any third party;   (q) materially change any
insurance coverage;   (r) agree to any audit assessment by any tax authority
or file any federal or state income or franchise tax return unless copies of
such returns have first been delivered to Parent for its review at a
reasonable time prior to filing;   (s) modify or change the exercise or
conversion rights or exercise or purchase prices of any capital stock of the
Company, any Company stock options, warrants or other Company securities, or
accelerate or otherwise modify (i) the right to exercise any option, warrant
or other right to purchase any capital stock or other securities of the
Company or (ii) the vesting or   37   release of any shares of capital
stock or other securities of the Company from any repurchase options or
rights of refusal held by the Company or any other party or any other
restrictions; or   (t) agree to do any of the things described in the
preceding clauses 5.3(a) through 5.3(s).   5.4 Regulatory Approvals. The
Company will promptly execute and file, or  --------------------  join in
the execution and filing, of any application, notification or any  other
document that may be necessary in order to obtain the authorization, 
approval or consent of any Governmental Authority, whether federal, state, 
local or foreign, which may be reasonably required, or which Parent may 
reasonably request, in connection with the consummation of the Merger or any 
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any Company Ancillary 
Agreement. The Company will use diligent efforts to obtain, and to cooperate 
with Parent to promptly obtain, all such authorizations, approvals and 
consents.   5.5 Necessary Consents. The Company will use diligent efforts to
promptly  ------------------  obtain such written consents and
authorizations of third parties, give notices  to third parties and take such
other actions as may be necessary or  appropriate in order to effect the
consummation of the Merger and the other  transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, to enable Parent to carry on the  Company\'s business immediately
after the Effective Time and to keep in effect  and avoid the breach,
violation of, termination of, or adverse change to, any  agreement or
contract to which the Company is a party or is bound or by which  any of its
assets is bound.   5.6 Litigation. The Company will notify Parent in writing
promptly after  ----------  learning of any claim, action, suit,
arbitration, mediation, proceeding or  investigation by or before any court,
arbitrator or arbitration panel, board  or governmental agency, initiated by
or against it, or known by the Company to  be threatened against the Company
or any of its officers, directors, employees  or shareholders in their
capacity as such.   5.7 No Other Negotiations. The Company will not, and the
Company will not  ---------------------  authorize, encourage or permit any
officer, director, employee, shareholder,  affiliate or agent of the Company
or any attorney, investment banker or other  person on the Company\'s or
their behalf to, directly or indirectly: (i)  solicit, initiate, encourage or
induce the making, submission or announcement  of, any offer or proposal from
any party concerning any Alternative  Transaction (as defined below) or take
any other action that could reasonably  be expected to lead to an Alternative
Transaction or a proposal therefor; (ii)  consider any inquiry, offer or
proposal received from any party concerning any  Alternative Transaction
(other than to respond to such inquiry, offer or  proposal by indicating that
the Company is not interested in any Alternative  Transaction); (iii) furnish
any information regarding the Company to any  person or entity in connection
with or in response to any inquiry, offer or  proposal for or regarding any
Alternative Transaction (other than to respond  to such inquiry, offer or
proposal by indicating that the Company is not  interested in any Alternative
Transaction); (iv) participate in any  discussions or negotiations with any
person or entity with respect to any  Alternative Transaction (other than to
respond to such inquiry, offer or  proposal by indicating that the Company is
not interested in any Alternative  Transaction); (v) otherwise cooperate
with, facilitate or encourage any effort  or   38    attempt by any
person or entity (other than Parent) to effect any Alternative  Transaction;
or (vi) execute, enter into or become bound by any letter of  intent,
agreement, commitment or understanding between the Company and any  third
party that is related to, provides for or concerns any Alternative 
Transaction. The Company will promptly notify Parent orally and in writing
of  any inquiries or proposals received by the Company, directors,
officers,  shareholders, employees or agents regarding any Alternative
Transaction and  will identify the party making the inquiry or proposal and
the nature and  terms of any inquiry or proposal. Any violation of the
restrictions set forth  in this Section by any officer, director or employee
of the Company or any  attorney, investment banker or other director or
representative of the Company  shall be deemed a breach of this Section 5.7
by the Company. As used herein,  the term "Alternative Transaction" means any
commitment, agreement or  transaction involving or providing for (a) the
possible disposition of all or  any substantial portion of the Company\'s
business, assets or capital stock,  whether by way of merger, consolidation,
sale of assets, sale of stock, stock  exchange, tender offer and/or any other
form of business combination, or (b)  any initial public offering of capital
stock or other securities of the  Company pursuant to a registration
statement filed under the Securities Act.   5.8 Access to Information. The
Company will allow Parent and its agents  ---------------------  access at
reasonable times to the files, books, records, technology,  contracts,
personnel and offices of the Company, including, without  limitation, any and
all information relating to the Company\'s taxes,  commitments, contracts,
leases, licenses, financial condition and real,  personal and intangible
property, subject to the terms of the agreement  between Parent and the
Company dated as of September 28, 2000 (the  "Confidentiality Agreement").
The Company will cause its accountants to  cooperate with Parent and
Parent\'s agents (provided that, prior to any  disclosure to such agents,
such agents are bound by the terms of a  confidentiality agreement with
substantially similar restrictions as included  in the Confidentiality
Agreement to restrict the use and disclosure of the  Company\'s confidential
information) in making available all financial  information reasonably
requested by Parent, including without limitation the  right to examine all
working papers pertaining to all financial statements  prepared or audited by
such accountants.   5.9 Satisfaction of Conditions Precedent. The Company
will use its  ------------------------------------  diligent efforts to
satisfy or cause to be satisfied all the conditions  precedent set forth in
Article 9, and the Company will use its diligent  efforts to cause the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated by this  Agreement to be consummated
in accordance with this Agreement.   5.10 Company Benefit Arrangements. Upon
the request of Parent, the Company  ----------------------------  will
terminate any Company Benefit Arrangement and any leased employee 
arrangement or professional employee organization immediately prior to the 
Effective Time.   5.11 Tax Free Reorganization. The Company will cooperate
with Parent and  -----------------------  take all commercially reasonable
actions as may be necessary to qualify the  Merger as a "reorganization"
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.   39    5.12 Approval
of Company Shareholders.  --------------------------------   (a) Promptly
after the Agreement Date, the Company will take all action necessary in
accordance with the California Law and its Articles of Incorporation and
Bylaws to obtain approval and adoption of this Agreement and approval of the
Merger, by (i) convening a special meeting of the Company Shareholders to be
held as promptly as practicable, or (ii) obtaining the written consent of the
holders of (a) the Company Common Stock, (b) the Company Preferred Stock, and
(c) the Company Series B Preferred Stock (the "Company Shareholders\'
Meeting"). The Company will use all reasonable efforts to solicit from its
shareholders proxies in favor of the adoption and approval of this Agreement
and the approval of the Merger and will take all other action necessary to
secure the vote or consent of its shareholders required by the rules of
California to obtain such approvals. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Agreement, the Company may adjourn or postpone the Company
Shareholders\' Meeting to the extent necessary to ensure that there
are sufficient shares of Company Common Stock represented (either in person
or by proxy) to constitute a quorum necessary to conduct the business of the
Company Shareholders\' Meeting. The Company shall ensure that the Company
Shareholders\' Meeting is called, noticed, convened, held and conducted, and
that all proxies solicited by the Company in connection with the Company
Shareholders\' Meeting are solicited, in compliance with the California Law,
its Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws and all other applicable legal
requirements. The Company\'s obligation to call, give notice of, convene and
hold the Company Shareholders\' Meeting shall not be limited to or otherwise
affected by the commencement, disclosure, announcement or submission to the
Company of any Alternative Transaction, or by any withdrawal, amendment or
modification of the recommendation of the Board of Directors of the Company
with respect to this Agreement or the Merger.   (b) The Board of Directors
of the Company shall recommend that the Company\'s shareholders vote in favor
of and adopt and approve this Agreement and approve the Merger at the Company
Shareholders\' Meeting. The information statement sent to all Company
Shareholders shall include a statement to the effect that the Board of
Directors of the Company has recommended that the Company\'s shareholders
vote in favor of and adopt and approve this Agreement and the Merger at the
Company Shareholders\' Meeting. Neither the Board of Directors of the Company
nor any committee thereof shall withdraw, amend or modify, or propose or
resolve to withdraw, amend or modify in a manner adverse to Parent, the
recommendation of the Board of Directors of the Company that the
Company\'s shareholders vote in favor of and adopt and approve this Agreement
and the Merger.   5.13 Company Options. Prior to the Closing, the Company
shall grant under  ---------------  the Company Plan options to purchase an
additional 750,000 shares of Common  Stock (the "New Options"), to such
employees of the Company and in such  amounts set forth in Schedule 5.13 to
the Company Disclosure Letter. The New  -------------  Options shall not be
incentive stock options as defined in Section 422 of the  Code and shall have
the vesting and other terms set forth in the parenthetical  clause of Section
5.3(l) hereof.   5.14 Rescission Offer. The Company will use its diligent
efforts to, as  ----------------  soon as is practicable, (i) finalize the
documents (the "Rescission Offer  Documents") necessary to effect  
40    the rescission offer described in Schedule 3.4.2 to the Company
Disclosure  --------------  Letter (the "Rescission Offer"), (ii) obtain
approval from the California  Department of Corporations of the form of the
Rescission Offer Documents and  to make the Rescission Offer, and (iii)
present the Rescission Offer in  accordance with the California Law and the
California Corporate Securities Law  of 1968 to each person to whom such
Rescission Offer should be made.   ARTICLE 6  Parent Covenants   During
the time period from the Agreement Date until the earlier to occur  of (a)
the Effective Time or (b) the termination of this Agreement in  accordance
with Article 10, Parent covenants and agrees as follows:   6.1 Advice of
Changes. Parent will promptly advise the Company in writing 
-----------------  of any (a) event that would render any representation or
warranty of Parent or  Sub contained in this Agreement or the Parent
Disclosure Letter, if made on or  as of the date of such event or the Closing
Date, to be untrue or inaccurate,  (b) any breach of any covenant or
obligation of Parent or Sub pursuant to this  Agreement, any Parent Ancillary
Agreement or any Sub Ancillary Agreement, and  (c) Material Adverse Change in
Parent.   6.2 Regulatory Approvals. Parent will execute and file, or join in
the  --------------------  execution and filing, of any application,
notification or other document that  may be necessary in order to obtain the
authorization, approval or consent of  any governmental body, federal, state,
local or foreign, which may be  reasonably required, in connection with the
consummation of the Merger and the  other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and the Parent Ancillary  Agreements and Sub Ancillary Agreements
in accordance with the terms of this  Agreement. Parent will use diligent
efforts to obtain all such authorizations,  approvals and consents.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the  contrary, neither Parent
nor any of its affiliates shall be under any  obligation to make proposals,
execute or carry out agreements or submit to  orders providing for the sale
or other disposition or holding separate  (through the establishment of a
trust or otherwise) of any assets or  categories of assets of Parent, or any
of its affiliates or the Company, or  the holding separate of the shares of
Company Common Stock or imposing or  seeking to impose any limitation on the
ability of Parent or any of its  subsidiaries or affiliates to conduct their
business or own such assets or to  acquire, hold or exercise full rights of
ownership of the shares of Company  Common Stock.   6.3 Satisfaction of
Conditions Precedent. Parent will use its diligent 
------------------------------------  efforts to satisfy or cause to be
satisfied all of the conditions precedent  that are set forth in Article 8,
and Parent will use its diligent efforts to  cause the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement to be consummated in  accordance with the
terms of this Agreement.   6.4 Blue Sky Laws. Parent shall take such steps
as may be necessary to  -------------  comply with the securities and Blue
Sky laws of all jurisdictions that are  applicable in connection with the
Merger; provided, however, that Parent shall  not be required to qualify to
do business or execute a general consent to  service of process in any
jurisdiction. Parent\'s obligations pursuant to this  Section 6.4 shall
survive the Effective Time.   41    6.5 Tax Free Reorganization. Parent
will cooperate with the Company and  -----------------------  take all
commercially reasonable actions as may be necessary to qualify the  Merger as
a "reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.   6.6
Form S-8. Parent agrees to file, no later than 15 business days after 
--------  the Effective Time, a registration statement on Form S-8 covering
the shares  of Parent Common Stock issuable pursuant to Company Options
assumed by Parent.  Parent\'s obligations pursuant to this Section 6.6 shall
survive the Effective  Time.   ARTICLE 7  Closing Matters   7.1 The
Closing. Subject to termination of this Agreement as provided in 
-----------  Article 10 below, the closing of the transactions to consummate
the Merger  (the "Closing") will take place at the offices of Fenwick and West
LLP, Two Palo  Alto Square, Palo Alto, California at 10:00 a.m., Pacific Time
on the second  business day after all of the conditions to Closing set forth
in Sections 8  and 9 hereof have been satisfied and/or waived in accordance
with this  Agreement, or on such other day or time as Parent and the Company
may mutually  agree upon (the "Closing Date"). Concurrently with the Closing,
the  Certificate of Merger will be filed with the Delaware Secretary of
State, and  the Agreement of Merger will be filed with the California
Secretary of State.   7.2 Exchange.  --------   7.2.1 At the Effective
Time, outstanding shares of Company Common  Stock (other than Dissenting
Shares for which dissenters rights have been or  will be perfected in
accordance with the California Law), will, by virtue of  the Merger and
without further action, cease to exist, and all such shares  will be
converted into the right to receive from Parent the number of shares  of
Parent Common Stock to which such holder is entitled pursuant to Section 
2.1.2, subject to the provisions of Section 2.1.4 (regarding the elimination 
of fractional shares of Parent Common Stock), Section 2.1.5 (regarding the 
continuation of vesting and repurchase rights) and Section 2.5 (regarding
the  withholding of the Escrow Shares). As soon as reasonably practicable
(and in  any event no later than eight (8) business days after the Effective
Time),  Parent shall make available to Chase Mellon Shareholder Services,
L.L.C. (the  "Exchange Agent") certificates representing Parent Common Stock
to be issued  in exchange for outstanding shares of Company Common Stock. As
soon as  practicable after the Effective Time (and in any event no later than
ten (10)  business days after the Effective Time), the Surviving Corporation
shall cause  to be mailed to each holder of record of a certificate or
certificates that  immediately prior to the Effective Time represented
outstanding shares of  Company Common Stock (the "Company Certificates") and
which shares were  converted into the right to receive shares of Parent
Common Stock pursuant to  Section 2.1.2: (a) a letter of transmittal in
customary form (which shall  specify that delivery shall be effected, and
risk of loss and title to the  Company Certificates shall pass, only upon
delivery of the Company  Certificates to the Exchange Agent and shall be in
such form and have such  other provisions as Parent may reasonably specify)
and (b) instructions for  use in effecting the surrender of the Company
Certificates in exchange for   42    certificates representing shares of
Parent Common Stock and cash in lieu of  fractional shares. Upon surrender of
a Company Certificate for cancellation or  upon delivery of an affidavit of
lost certificate and an indemnity in form and  substance satisfactory to
Parent (the "Affidavit") to the Exchange Agent or to  such other agent or
agents as may be appointed by Parent, together with such  letter of
transmittal, duly completed and validly executed in accordance with  the
instructions thereto, Parent or its transfer agent will issue to each 
tendering holder of a Company Certificate or an Affidavit (a "Tendering 
Company Holder"), certificates for the number of shares of Parent Common
Stock  to which such holder is entitled pursuant to Section 2.1.2, subject to
the  provisions of Section 2.1.4 (regarding the elimination of fractional
shares of  Parent Common Stock), Section 2.1.5 (regarding the continuation of
vesting and  repurchase rights) and Section 2.5 (regarding the withholding of
Escrow  Shares).   7.2.2 No dividends or distributions payable to holders
of record of  Parent Common Stock after the Effective Time will be paid to
the holder of any  unsurrendered Company Certificate unless and until the
holder of such  unsurrendered Company Certificate surrenders such Company
Certificate or an  Affidavit to the Exchange Agent as provided above. Subject
to the effect, if  any, of applicable escheat and other laws, following
surrender of any Company  Certificate or Affidavit, there will be delivered
to the person entitled  thereto, without interest, the amount of any
dividends and distributions  theretofore paid with respect to Parent Common
Stock so withheld as of any  date subsequent to the Effective Time and prior
to such date of delivery.   7.2.3 After the Effective Time there will be no
further registration  of transfers on the stock transfer books of the Company
or its transfer agent  of any shares of capital stock of the Company that
were outstanding  immediately prior to the Effective Time. If, after the
Effective Time, Company  Certificates or an Affidavit are presented for any
reason, they will be  canceled and exchanged as provided in this Section
7.2.   7.2.4 Until Company Certificates or an Affidavit representing
shares  of Company Common Stock that are outstanding immediately prior to
the  Effective Time are surrendered pursuant to Section 7.2.1 above, such
Company  Certificates will be deemed, for all purposes, to evidence ownership
of the  number of shares of Parent Common Stock into which such shares of
Company  Common Stock will have been converted pursuant to Section 2.1.2,
subject to  the provisions of Section 2.1.4 (regarding the elimination of
fractional  shares of Parent Common Stock), Section 2.1.5 (regarding the
continuation of  vesting and repurchase rights) and Section 2.5 (regarding
the withholding of  Escrow Shares).   7.3 Dissenting Shares Rights. Holders
of Dissenting Shares of Company  ------------------------  Common Stock who
have complied with all requirements for perfecting  shareholders\' dissenting
rights, as set forth in Section 1300 et seq. under  the California Law, shall
be entitled to their rights under California Law  with respect to such
shares. If holders of Company Common Stock are entitled  to shareholders\'
dissenting rights pursuant to the California Law in  connection with the
Merger, any Dissenting Shares held by Company Shareholders  who exercise and
perfect such dissenting rights shall not be converted into a  right to
receive Parent Common Stock and any cash payment in lieu of  fractional
shares, but shall be converted into the right to receive such  consideration
as   43   may be determined to be due with respect to such Dissenting
Shares pursuant to the California Law. The Company shall give Parent prompt
notice (and in no event more than two business days) of any notice of
exercise of Company Shareholder\'s dissenting rights, and Parent shall have
the right to control all negotiations and proceedings with respect to such
exercise of dissenting rights. The Company agrees that, except with the prior
written consent of Parent, it will not voluntarily make any payment with
respect to, or settle or offer to settle, any such exercise of dissenting
rights. In the event that any Company Shareholder fails to perfect, his
dissenting rights or otherwise loses his status as a holder of Dissenting
Shares (a "Dissenting Shareholder"), Parent shall, as of the later of the
Effective Time or ten (10) business days from the occurrence of such event,
issue and deliver, upon surrender by such Dissenting Shareholder of its
Company Certificate or Certificates, the shares of Parent Common Stock
and any cash payment in lieu of fractional shares, in each case without
interest thereon, to which such Dissenting Shareholder would have been
entitled to under Section 2.1.2 of this Agreement (less the cash and number
of shares of Parent Common Stock to be held in escrow with respect to such
shareholder pursuant to Section 2.5).   ARTICLE 8  Conditions to
Obligations of The Company   The Company\'s obligations hereunder are
subject to the fulfillment or satisfaction, on and as of the Closing, of each
of the following conditions (any one or more of which may be waived by the
Company, but only in a writing signed by the Company):   8.1 Accuracy of
Representations and Warranties. The representations and 
------------------------------------------ warranties of Parent and Sub set
forth in Article 4 (a) that are qualified as to materiality will be true and
correct and (b) that are not qualified as to materiality shall be true and
correct in all material respects, in each case on and as of the Closing with
the same force and effect as if they had been made on the Closing Date
(except for any such representations or warranties that, by their terms,
speak only as of a specific date or dates, in which case such representations
and warranties that are qualified as to materiality shall be true and
correct, and such representations and warranties that are not qualified as to
materiality shall be true and correct in all material respects, on and as of
such specified date or dates), and at the Closing the Company will
have received a certificate to such effect executed by an officer of
Parent.   8.2 Covenants. Parent will have performed and complied in all
material  --------- respects with all of its covenants contained in Article
6 on or before the Closing (to the extent that such covenants require
performance by Parent on or before the Closing), and at the Closing the
Company will have received a certificate to such effect signed by an officer
of Parent.   8.3 No Material Adverse Change. There will not have been any
Material  -------------------------- Adverse Change in Parent, whether or
not resulting from a breach in any representation, warranty or covenant in
this Agreement, and at the Closing the Company will have received a
certificate to such effect signed by an officer of Parent.   8.4 Compliance
with Law; No Legal Restraints; No Litigation. There will 
------------------------------------------------------- not be issued,
enacted or adopted, or threatened in writing by any Governmental Authority,
any order,   44   decree, temporary, preliminary or permanent injunction,
legislative enactment, statute, regulation, action or proceeding, or any
judgment or ruling by any Governmental Authority that prohibits or renders
illegal or imposes material limitations on the Merger or any other material
transaction contemplated by this Agreement or any Parent Ancillary Agreements
or any Sub Ancillary Agreements. No litigation or proceeding will be
threatened or pending for the purpose or with the probable effect of
enjoining or preventing the consummation of the Merger or any of the other
material transactions contemplated by this Agreement or that could be
reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.   8.5
Government Consents. There will have been obtained at or prior to the 
------------------- Closing Date such permits or authorizations, and there
will have been taken all such other actions by any regulatory authority
having jurisdiction over the parties and the actions herein proposed to be
taken, as may be required to lawfully consummate the Merger, including but
not limited to requirements under applicable federal and state securities
laws.   8.6 Opinion of Parent\'s Counsel. The Company will have received
from  --------------------------- Fenwick and West LLP, counsel to Parent, an
opinion opining to the matters set forth in Exhibit D.  ---------   8.7
Company Shareholder Approvals. This Agreement and the Merger will 
----------------------------- have been duly and validly approved and
adopted, as required by Applicable Law and the Company\'s Articles of
Incorporation and Bylaws, by the valid and affirmative vote of (a) a majority
of the holders of each of (i) the Company Common Stock, (ii) the Company
Preferred Stock, and (iii) the Company Series B Preferred Stock, and (b) at
least 95% of the outstanding shares of the Company capital stock.   ARTICLE
9  Conditions to Obligations of Parent   The obligations of Parent
hereunder are subject to the fulfillment or satisfaction on, and as of the
Closing, of each of the following conditions (any one or more of which may be
waived by Parent, but only in a writing signed by Parent):   9.1 Accuracy
of Representations and Warranties. The representations and 
------------------------------------------ warranties of the Company set
forth in Article 3 (a) that are qualified as to materiality will be true and
correct and (b) that are not qualified as to materiality shall be true and
correct in all material respects, in each case on and as of the Closing with
the same force and effect as if they had been made at the Closing Date
(except for any such representations or warranties that, by their terms,
speak only as of a specific date or dates, in which case such representations
and warranties that are qualified as to materiality shall be true and
correct, and such representations and warranties that are not qualified as to
materiality shall be true and correct in all material respects, on and as of
such specified date or dates), and at the Closing Parent will have received
a certificate to such effect executed by the Company\'s President or
Chief Executive Officer. The representations and warranties of each
Company Shareholder set forth in such Company Shareholder\'s Investment
Representation Letter shall be true and correct in all material respects.  
45    9.2 Covenants. The Company will have performed and complied in all 
--------- material respects with all of its covenants contained in Article 5
at or before the Closing (to the extent that such covenants require
performance by the Company at or before the Closing), and at the Closing
Parent will have received a certificate to such effect signed by the
Company\'s President or Chief Executive Officer.   9.3 No Material Adverse
Change. There will not have been any Material 
-------------------------- Adverse Change in the Company, whether or not
resulting from a breach in any representation, warranty or covenant in this
Agreement, and at the Closing Parent will have received a certificate to such
effect signed by the Company\'s President or Chief Executive Officer.   9.4
Compliance with Law; No Legal Restraints; No Litigation. There will 
------------------------------------------------------- not be issued,
enacted or adopted, or threatened in writing by any Governmental Authority,
any order, decree, temporary, preliminary or permanent
injunction, legislative enactment, statute, regulation, action, proceeding,
or any judgment or ruling by any Governmental Authority that prohibits or
renders illegal or imposes material limitations on: (a) the Merger or any
other material transaction contemplated by this Agreement or any Company
Ancillary Agreement; or (b) Parent\'s right (or the right of any Parent
subsidiary) to own, retain, use or operate any of its products, services,
properties or assets (including equity, properties or assets of the Company)
on or after consummation of the Merger or seeking a disposition or
divestiture of any such properties or assets. No litigation or proceeding
will be threatened or pending for the purpose or with the probable effect of
enjoining or preventing the consummation of any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, or that could be reasonably expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect on the Company or Parent.   9.5 Government
Consents. There will have been obtained at or prior to the 
------------------- Closing Date such permits or authorizations, and there
will have been taken all such other actions by any governmental or regulatory
authority having jurisdiction over the parties and the actions herein
proposed to be taken, as may be required to consummate the Merger, including
but not limited to requirements under applicable federal and state securities
laws.   9.6 Opinion of Company\'s Counsel. Parent will have received from
Gray  ---------------------------- Cary Ware and Freidenrich LLP, counsel to
the Company, an opinion opining to the matters set forth in Exhibit E. 
---------   9.7 Consents. Parent will have received duly executed copies of
all  -------- third-party consents, approvals, assignments, notices,
waivers, authorizations or other certificates (including those set forth in
Schedule 3.12 to the Company  ------------- Disclosure Letter) contemplated
by this Agreement, the Company Disclosure Letter or deemed reasonably
necessary to provide for the continuation in full force and effect of any and
all material contracts, agreements and leases of the Company after the Merger
and the preservation of the Company\'s IP Rights and other assets and
properties after the Merger and for Parent to consummate the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Parent
Ancillary Agreements and the Company Ancillary Agreements, in each case, in
form and substance satisfactory to Parent.   46    9.8 Company
Shareholder Approvals. This Agreement and the Merger will 
----------------------------- have been duly and validly approved and
adopted, as required by Applicable Law and the Company\'s Articles of
Incorporation and Bylaws, by the valid and affirmative vote of (a) a majority
of the holders of each of (i) the Company Common Stock, (ii) the Company
Preferred Stock, and (iii) the Company Series B Preferred Stock, and (b) at
least 95% of the outstanding shares of the Company capital stock.   9.9
Company Indebtedness. Two days prior to the Closing, Parent shall 
-------------------- have received a certificate in form and substance
satisfactory to Parent and executed by the Company\'s Chief Financial
Officer, setting forth and certifying all Company Indebtedness as of the
Closing Date and such other information as is necessary to calculate the
Total Merger Consideration, which shall be accompanied by such supporting
information and calculations as are necessary for or requested by Parent to
verify and determine such amounts as of the Closing Date.   9.10 Investment
Representation Letters; Exemptions Available. Parent: (a) 
------------------------------------------------------- will have received an
executed counterpart of the Investment Representation Letter executed by each
Company Shareholder who approved and adopted this Agreement and the Merger;
and (b) must be reasonably satisfied that there are not more than thirty-five
Company Shareholders who are not "accredited investors" within the meaning of
Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act or that the issuance of
Parent Common Stock in the Merger is otherwise exempt from registration under
the Securities Act pursuant to Section 4(2) thereof. Each of the Investment
Representation Letters executed by the Core Company Shareholders shall be in
full force and effect.   9.11 Employee Options. The Company shall have
granted the New Options to  ---------------- Company employees as provided
in Section 5.13 and in such amounts as approved by Parent, which New Options
shall be included in the Company Fully Diluted Share Number; provided that
any New Option that terminates prior to Closing as a result of an employee\'s
employment with the Company terminating shall not be included in the Company
Fully Diluted Share Number.   9.12 Employment Matters. (a) Each of the Non-
Competition Agreements shall  ------------------ be in full force and
effect; (b) each of the Employment Agreements shall be in full force and
effect; and (c) at least eighty percent of the employees identified in
Schedule 9.12 to the Company Disclosure Letter shall have executed 
------------- and delivered to Parent a Continuation Agreement substantially
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit F to continue as employees of Parent
after the  --------- Effective Time.   9.13 Amendments of Certain Company
Options and Stock Restrictions. Each of 
------------------------------------------------------------ the amendments
to the restricted stock purchase/stock option agreements with the individuals
identified in Schedule 2.1.5 shall be in full force and effect. 
--------------   9.14 Resignation of Directors and Officers. The directors
and officers of  ------------------------------------- the Company in office
immediately prior to the Effective Time of the Merger shall have resigned as
directors and officers of the Surviving Corporation in writing effective as
of the Effective Time.   47    9.15 Payment of Transaction Expenses. The
Company Shareholders shall have  ------------------------------- paid (i)
all investment bankers\' fees payable by them and (ii) any Company legal fees
and expenses in connection with the negotiation and documentation of
the Merger in excess of $250,000, and/or the Total Merger Consideration shall
have been adjusted accordingly.   9.16 Conversion of Preferred Stock and
Bridge Loans. All outstanding 
---------------------------------------------- Company Preferred Stock, all
outstanding Company Warrants, and all Company Convertible Debt shall have
been fully converted into, or exercised for, Company Common Stock.   9.17
No Acceleration; Severance. Parent shall have received evidence 
-------------------------- satisfactory to it that (i) no Company Option or
restricted stock will have its vesting accelerated as a result of the Merger
or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except as provided in the
amendments to the restricted stock purchase/stock option agreements with
those individuals identified in Schedule  -------- 2.1.5 to the Company
Disclosure Letter, and (ii) no severance or other ----- termination
obligation will be owed to any employee of the Company in connection with the
Merger or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   9.18
Termination of Company Investor Rights. Parent shall have been 
-------------------------------------- furnished evidence satisfactory to it
that all investor rights granted by the Company to its shareholders (and by
one or more shareholders to one or more other shareholders) and in effect
prior to the Closing, including but not limited to rights of co-sale, voting,
registration, first refusal, liquidation preference, redemption, board
observation or informational or operational covenants, shall have terminated
as of the Closing.   9.19 Termination of Voting Trusts. Parent shall have
been furnished  ---------------------------- evidence satisfactory to it
that the Voting Trust Agreements dated April 3, 1997 and February 7, 1995
between Joel Schatz and the other signatories thereto shall have terminated
as of the Closing.   ARTICLE 10  Termination of Agreement   10.1
Termination by Mutual Consent. This Agreement may be terminated at 
----------------------------- any time prior to the Effective Time by the
mutual written consent of Parent and the Company.   10.2 Unilateral
Termination.  ----------------------   10.2.1 Either Parent or the Company,
by giving written notice to the other, may terminate this Agreement if a
court of competent jurisdiction or other Governmental Authority shall have
issued a nonappealable final order, decree or ruling or taken any other
action, in each case having the effect of permanently restraining, enjoining
or otherwise prohibiting the Merger.   10.2.2 Either Parent or the Company,
by giving written notice to the other, may terminate this Agreement if the
Merger shall not have been consummated by midnight Pacific Time on the
Termination Date; provided, however, that the right to terminate this
Agreement pursuant to this Section 10.2.2 shall not be available to any party
whose failure to perform in any material respect any of its obligations or
covenants under this Agreement results in the failure of   48   any
condition set forth in Article 8 or Article 9 or if the failure of
such condition results from facts or circumstances that constitute a material
breach of a representation or warranty or covenant made under this Agreement
by such party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall terminate
in any event if the Merger shall not have been consummated by midnight
Pacific Time on January 31, 2001.   10.2.3 Either Parent or the Company may
terminate this Agreement at any time prior to the Effective Time if the other
has committed (or, in the case of a termination by the Company, Sub has
committed) a material breach of (a) any of its representations and warranties
under Article 3 or Article 4 of this Agreement, as applicable; or (b) any of
its covenants under Article 5 or Article 6 of this Agreement, as applicable,
and has not cured such material breach within ten days after the party
seeking to terminate this Agreement has given the other party written notice
of the material breach and its intention to terminate this Agreement pursuant
to this Section 10.2.3.   10.2.4 No Liability for Termination. Termination
of this Agreement  ---------------------------- by a party (the "Terminating
Party") in accordance with the provisions of this Section 10 will not give
rise to any obligation or liability on the part of the Terminating Party on
account of such termination; provided, however, that nothing herein shall
relieve a party from liability for a willful breach of this Agreement. The
provisions of Article 10 and Article 13 shall survive any termination of this
Agreement.   ARTICLE 11  Survival of Representations, Indemnification  and
Remedies, Continuing Covenants   11.1 Survival of Representations. All
representations and warranties of  --------------------------- Company
contained in this Agreement will remain operative and in full force
and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of any of
the parties to this Agreement, until that date which is the earlier of (a)
the termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms or (b) the
first anniversary of the Effective Time; provided, however, that the
representations, warranties and covenants of the Company contained in
Sections 3.4 (Capitalization), 3.7 (Taxes) and the representations and
warranties of the Company Shareholders contained in their Investment
Representation Letters will remain operative and in full force and effect,
regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of any of the parties to
this Agreement, until the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations
for the claim which seeks recovery of such Damages (the expiration of such
applicable representation, warranty or covenant, the "Release Date"). All
representations and warranties of Parent contained in this Agreement will
remain operative and in full force and effect, regardless of any
investigation made by or on behalf of the parties to this Agreement, until
that date which is the earlier of (a) the termination of this Agreement in
accordance with its terms or (b) the first anniversary of the Effective Time.
All covenants of the parties shall survive according to their respective
terms.   49    11.2 Agreement to Indemnify.  ----------------------  
(a) Each Company Shareholder will severally, and not jointly, pro rata in
proportion to each Company Shareholder\'s respective percentage
equity interest as reflected in Schedule 3.4.1(a) to the Company Disclosure
Letter,  ----------------- indemnify and hold harmless, Parent and the
Surviving Corporation and their respective officers, directors, agents,
representatives, stockholders and employees, and each person, if any, who
controls or may control Parent or the Surviving Corporation within the
meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (each hereinafter referred
to individually as a "Parent Indemnified Person" and collectively as "Parent
Indemnified Persons") from and against any and all claims, demands, suits,
actions, causes of actions, losses, costs, damages, liabilities and expenses
including reasonable attorneys\' fees, other professionals\' and experts\'
reasonable fees and court or arbitration costs (hereinafter collectively
referred to as "Damages") directly or indirectly incurred, resulting from or
arising out of: (i) any inaccuracy, misrepresentation, breach of, or default
in, any of the representations, warranties or covenants given or made by the
Company in this Agreement or in the Company Disclosure Letter or in any
certificate delivered by or on behalf of the Company or an officer of the
Company pursuant hereto; or (ii) any Excess Transaction Expenses (as defined
in Section 13.7).   (b) Each Company Shareholder will indemnify and hold
harmless the Parent Indemnified Persons from and against any and all Damages
directly or indirectly incurred in connection with, resulting from or and
arising out of any inaccuracy, misrepresentation, breach of, or default in,
any of the representations, warranties or covenants given or made by such
Company Shareholder in such Company Shareholder\'s Investment Representation
Letter.   (c) Any claim of indemnity made by a Parent Indemnified
Person under this Section 11.2 must be raised in a writing delivered to
the Representative (as defined below) by no later than the applicable Release
Date and, if raised by such date, such claim shall survive the Release Date
until final resolution thereof. Escrow Funds, other than Escrow Funds having
a value (calculated pursuant to Section 11.3(a)) equal to the amount of
Damages asserted in any Claim (as defined in Section 11.5) that has not been
resolved pursuant to the terms hereof prior to the Escrow Release Date, shall
be released to the Company Shareholders on the Escrow Release Date or, in the
case of any such withheld Escrow Funds, upon the final resolution of such
Claim.   (d) The amount that any party is or may be required to pay to
or on behalf of any other person pursuant to Article 11 shall be reduced
(including retroactively) by (i) any amounts received by a Parent Indemnified
Person from an insurance carrier or paid and resolved by an insurance carrier
on behalf of the insured (in a manner which shall result in no further
liability to an Parent Indemnified Person), in either case net of any
applicable premium adjustment, retrospectively rated premium, deductible,
retention, cost or reserve paid or held by or for the benefit of the insured
("Insurance Proceeds"), or (ii) other amounts actually recovered by or on
behalf of such Parent Indemnified Person in reduction of the related Damages.
If a Parent Indemnified Person shall have received the payment required by
this Agreement from an indemnifying party in respect of Damages and shall
subsequently actually receive Insurance Proceeds, or other amounts in respect
of such Damages as specified above, then such indemnified   50   person
shall pay to such indemnifying party a sum equal to the amount of any such
double recovery actually received.   11.3 Limitation. Except for fraud or
willful misrepresentation or  ----------  willful misconduct or a claim
based upon a breach of Section 3.4  (Capitalization) (excluding any
representations regarding the identity of  the holders of Company securities
therein), Section 3.7 (Taxes) or claims  related to title to securities (as
represented in a Company Shareholder\'s  Investment Representation Letter)
after the Escrow Release Date: (i) no  Company Shareholder shall have any
liability to a Parent Indemnified Person  under this Agreement except to the
extent of such Company Shareholder\'s  Escrow Shares and any other assets
deposited in escrow pursuant to the  terms of Section 2.5 and Article 11
hereof and (ii) the remedies set forth  in this Article 11 shall be the
exclusive remedies of Parent and the other  Parent Indemnified Persons
hereunder against any Company Shareholder;  provided, however, that in the
case of claims based upon fraud, willful  misrepresentation, willful
misconduct, or a breach of Section 3.4  (Capitalization), Section 3.7 (Taxes)
or claims related to title to  securities as represented in a Company
Shareholder\'s Investment  Representation Letter, no Company Shareholder
shall have any liability to a  Parent Indemnified Person in excess of such
Company Shareholder\'s Escrow  Shares and any other assets deposited in
escrow pursuant to the terms of  Section 2.5 and Article 11 hereof for any
consequential damages or indirect  damages of a Parent Indemnified Person.
For the avoidance of doubt, any  portion of the Total Merger Consideration
allocable to the subject matter  of any claim for fraud, willful
misrepresentation, willful misconduct, or a  breach described in the previous
sentence shall be deemed to be direct and  not indirect damages. The value of
each Escrow Share shall, for such  purposes of satisfying claims for Damages,
be deemed to equal the Parent  Average Price Per Share, regardless of its
actual fair market value as of  the time that a claim for indemnification may
be made against such share.  In the event of a Capital Change after the
Effective Time, the Parent  Average Price Per Share will, for purposes of
this Section 11.3, be  proportionally and equitably adjusted. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the  indemnification provided for in Section 11.2 shall not
apply unless and  until the aggregate Damages for which one or more Parent
Indemnified  Persons seeks or has sought indemnification hereunder exceeds a
cumulative  aggregate of $375,000 (including any adjustments pursuant to
Section  11.2(d)) (the "Basket"), in which event Company Shareholders shall,
subject  to the other limitations herein, be liable to indemnify the Parent 
Indemnified Persons for all Damages; provided, however, that the Basket 
shall not apply to any indemnification claim for fraudulent conduct or 
fraudulent misrepresentation on the part of Company or a Company  Shareholder
or a claim for Excess Transaction Expenses. No Company  Shareholder shall in
any event have any liability to a Parent Indemnified  Person in excess of the
aggregate value of the shares of Parent Common  Stock into which such Company
Shareholder\'s shares of Company Common Stock  were converted, the value of
such shares of Parent Common Stock to be  determined based upon the average
closing price of Parent Common Stock on  the Nasdaq Stock Market for the ten
(10) consecutive trading days  commencing on the date that the registration
statement on Form S-3  contemplated by this Agreement becomes effective;
provided, however, that  in the event such Form S-3 registration statement is
not filed within 90  days following the Effective Time, then no Company
Shareholder shall have  any liability to a Parent Indemnified Person in
excess of such Company  Shareholder\'s pro-rata share (based on such Company
Shareholder\'s  percentage equity interest as   51   reflected in
Schedule 3.4.1(a) to the Company Disclosure Letter) of One Hundred Million
Dollars ($100,000,000).   11.4 Appointment of Representative. By voting in
favor of the Merger, each  ----------------------------- of the Company
Shareholders approves the designation of and designates Chris Rathe as the
Representative of the Company Shareholders and as the attorney-in- fact and
agent for and on behalf of each Company Shareholder with respect to claims
for indemnification under Article 11 and the taking by the Representative of
any and all actions and the making of any decisions required or permitted
to be taken by the Representative under this Agreement, including,
without limitation, the exercise of the power to: (a) authorize the release
or delivery to Parent of shares of Parent Common Stock and any other assets
deposited in escrow pursuant to the terms of Section 2.5 and Article 11
hereof in satisfaction of indemnity claims by Parent or any other Parent
Indemnified Person (as defined herein) pursuant to Article 11; (b) agree to,
negotiate, enter into settlements and compromises of, demand arbitration of,
and comply with orders of courts and awards of arbitrators with respect to,
such claims; (c) arbitrate, resolve, settle or compromise any claim for
indemnity made pursuant to Article 11; and (d) take all actions necessary in
the judgment of the Representative for the accomplishment of the foregoing.
The Representative will have authority and power to act on behalf of each
Company Shareholder with respect to the disposition, settlement or other
handling of all claims under Article 11 hereof and all rights or obligations
arising under Article 11. The Company Shareholders will be bound by all
actions taken and documents executed by the Representative in connection with
Article 11, and Parent will be entitled to rely on any action or decision of
the Representative. In performing the functions specified in this Agreement,
the Representative will not be liable to any Company Shareholder in the
absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the
Representative. The Company Shareholders shall severally indemnify the
Representative and hold him harmless against any loss, liability or expense
incurred without gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the
Representative and arising out of or in connection with the acceptance
or administration of his duties hereunder. Any out-of-pocket costs and
expenses reasonably incurred by the Representative in connection with actions
taken by the Representative pursuant to the terms of Article 11 (including
without limitation the hiring of legal counsel and the incurring of legal
fees and costs) will be paid by the Company Shareholders to the
Representative pro rata in proportion to their respective percentage equity
interests as reflected in Schedule 3.4.1(a) to the Company Disclosure Letter,
which Company Shareholders ----------------- shall be entitled to
reimbursement by Parent if Parent is determined to be a Non-Prevailing Party
pursuant to Section 11.8(c)(i) below. A copy of any notice sent to or by the
Representative hereunder shall be simultaneously sent to Pharmacia
Corporation, 100 Route 206 North, Peapack, New Jersey 07977,
Fax: 908-901-1308, Attn: Judy Reinsdorf. The Representative shall provide
any information regarding any indemnification or escrow matters hereunder
reasonably requested by a Company Shareholder.   11.5 Notice of Claim. As
used herein, the term "Claim" means a claim for 
--------------- indemnification of Parent or any other Parent Indemnified
Person for Damages under Article 11. Parent may give notice of a Claim under
this Agreement, whether for its own Damages or for Damages incurred by any
other Parent Indemnified Person, and Parent will give written notice of a
Claim executed by an officer of Parent (a "Notice of Claim") to the
Representative promptly   52   after Parent becomes aware of the
existence of any potential claim by an Parent Indemnified Person for
indemnity from the Company Shareholders under Article 11, but in any event
before the Release Date, arising from or relating to:   (a) (i) any
inaccuracy, misrepresentation, breach of, or default in, any of the
representations, warranties or covenants given or made by the Company in this
Agreement or in the Company Disclosure Letter or in any certificate delivered
by the Company or an officer of the Company pursuant hereto, (ii)
the incurring of any Excess Transaction Expenses, or (iii) any
inaccuracy, misrepresentation, breach of, or default in, any of the
representations, warranties or covenants given or made by a Company
Shareholder in such Company Shareholder\'s Investment Representation
Letter;   (b) the assertion, whether orally or in writing, against Parent
or against any other Parent Indemnified Person of a claim, demand, suit,
action, arbitration, investigation, inquiry or proceeding brought by a third
party against such Indemnified Person that is based upon, or includes
assertions that would, if true, constitute (in each such case, a "Third-Party
Claim"): (i) any inaccuracy, misrepresentation, breach of, or default in, any
of the representations, warranties or covenants given or made by the Company
in this Agreement or in the Company Disclosure Letter or in any certificate
delivered by or on behalf of the Company or an officer of the Company
pursuant hereto (if such inaccuracy, misrepresentation, breach or default
existed at the Closing Date), (ii) any Excess Transaction Expenses, or (iii)
any inaccuracy, misrepresentation, breach of, or default in, any of the
representations, warranties or covenants given or made by a Company
Shareholder in such Company Shareholder\'s Investment Representation
Letter.   Until the Release Date, no delay on the part of Parent in giving
the Representative a Notice of Claim will relieve the Representative or any
Company Shareholder from any of its obligations under Article 11 unless (and
then only to the extent) that the Representative or the Company Shareholders
are materially prejudiced thereby.   11.6 Defense of Third-Party Claims. 
-----------------------------   (a) Parent shall defend any Third-Party
Claim, and the costs and expenses incurred by Parent in connection with such
defense (including but not limited to reasonable attorneys\' fees, other
professionals\' and experts\' fees and court or arbitration costs) shall be
included in the Damages for which Parent may seek indemnity pursuant to a
Claim made by any Parent Indemnified Person hereunder.   (b) The
Representative shall have the right to receive copies of all pleadings,
notices and communications with respect to the Third-Party Claim to the
extent that receipt of such documents by the Representative does not affect
any privilege relating to the Parent Indemnified Person, and may participate
in settlement negotiations with respect to the Third-Party Claim. No Parent
Indemnified Person shall enter into any settlement of a Third-Party
Claim without the prior written consent of the Representative (which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld), provided, that if the Representative
shall have consented in writing to any such settlement, then the
Representative shall have no power or authority to object to any Claim by any
Parent Indemnified   53   Person for indemnity under Section 11.2 hereof
for the amount of such settlement; and the Company Shareholders will remain
responsible to indemnify the Parent Indemnified Persons for all Damages they
may incur arising out of, resulting from or caused by the Third-Party Claim
to the fullest extent provided in Article 11 hereof.   11.7 Contents of
Notice of Claim. Each Notice of Claim by Parent 
---------------------------  given pursuant to Section 11.5 will contain the
following information:   (a) that Parent has incurred, paid or properly
accrued (in  accordance with GAAP) or, in good faith, believes it will have
to incur,  pay or accrue (in accordance with GAAP), Damages in an aggregate
stated  amount arising from such Claim (which amount may be the amount of
damages  claimed by a third party in an action brought against any Parent 
Indemnified Person based on alleged facts, which if true, would give rise  to
liability for Damages to such Parent Indemnified Person under Article  11);
and   (b) a brief description, in reasonable detail (to the extent 
reasonably available to Parent), of the facts, circumstances or events 
giving rise to the alleged Damages based on Parent\'s good faith belief 
thereof, including, without limitation, the identity and address of any 
third-party claimant (to the extent reasonably available to Parent) and 
copies of any formal demand or complaint, the amount of Damages, the date 
each such item was incurred, paid or properly accrued, or the basis for  such
anticipated liability, and the specific nature of the breach to which  such
item is related.   11.8 Resolution of Notice of Claim. Each Notice of Claim
given by  -----------------------------  Parent will be resolved as
follows:   (a) Uncontested Claims. In the event that, within twenty 
------------------ business days after a Notice of Claim is received by the
Representative, the Representative does not contest such Notice of Claim in
writing to Parent as provided in Section 11.8(b) (an "Uncontested Claim"),
the Representative will be conclusively deemed to have consented, on behalf
of all Company Shareholders, to the recovery by the Parent Indemnified Person
of the full amount of Damages specified in the Notice of Claim in accordance
with this Article 11, including the forfeiture of shares of Parent Common
Stock and any other assets deposited in escrow pursuant to the terms of
Section 2.5 and Article 11 hereof, in accordance with Section 11.3(a) and,
without further notice, to have stipulated to the entry of a final judgment
for damages against the Company Shareholders for such amount in any court
having jurisdiction over the matter where venue is proper.   (b) Contested
Claims. In the event that the  ---------------- Representative gives Parent
written notice contesting all or any portion of a Notice of Claim (a
"Contested Claim") within the twenty business day period specified in Section
11.8(a), then: (i) such Contested Claim will be resolved by either (A) a
written settlement agreement executed by Parent and the Representative or (B)
in the absence of such a written settlement agreement, by binding arbitration
between Parent and the Representative in accordance with the terms and
provisions of Section 11.8(c).   (c) Arbitration of Contested Claims. Each
of Parent, the  ------------------------------- Company and the Company
Shareholders agree that any Contested Claim will be submitted to mandatory,
final and   54   binding arbitration before J.A.M.S./ENDISPUTE or its
successor ("J.A.M.S."), pursuant to the United States Arbitration Act, 9
U.S.C., Section 1 et seq. and that any such arbitration will be conducted in
San Mateo County, California. Either Parent or the Representative may
commence the arbitration process called for by this Agreement by filing a
written demand for arbitration with J.A.M.S. and giving a copy of such demand
to each of the other parties to this Agreement. The arbitration will be
conducted in accordance with the provisions of J.A.M.S\' Streamlined
Arbitration Rules and Procedures in effect at the time of filing of the
demand for arbitration, subject to the provisions of Section 11.8(c) of
this Agreement. The parties will cooperate with J.A.M.S. and with each other
in promptly selecting an arbitrator from J.A.M.S.\' panel of neutrals, and
in scheduling the arbitration proceedings in order to fulfill the
provisions, purposes and intent of this Agreement. The parties covenant that
they will participate in the arbitration in good faith, and that they will
share in its costs in accordance with subparagraph (i) below. The provisions
of this Section 11.8(c) may be enforced by any court of competent
jurisdiction, and the party seeking enforcement will be entitled to an award
of all costs, fees and expenses, including attorneys\' fees, to be paid by
the party against whom enforcement is ordered. Subject to the provisions of
subparagraph (vii) below, judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator
may be entered in any court having competent jurisdiction.   (i) Payment of
Costs. Parent on the one hand, and  ----------------  the Company
Shareholders (through the Representative), on the other hand,  will bear the
expense of deposits and advances required by the arbitrator  in equal
proportions, but either party may advance such amounts, subject to  recovery
as an addition or offset to any award. The arbitrator shall  determine the
party who is the Prevailing Party and the party who is the  Non-Prevailing
Party. The Non-Prevailing Party shall pay all reasonable  costs, fees and
expenses related to the arbitration, including reasonable  fees and expenses
of attorneys, accountants and other professionals  incurred by the Prevailing
Party, the fees of each arbitrator and the  administrative fee of the
arbitration proceedings.   (ii) Burden of Proof. Except as may be
otherwise  ---------------  expressly provided herein, for any Contested
Claim submitted to  arbitration, the burden of proof will be as it would be
if the claim were  litigated in a judicial proceeding governed by California
law exclusively.   (iii) Award. Upon the conclusion of any arbitration 
-----  proceedings hereunder, the arbitrator will render findings of fact
and  conclusions of law and a final written arbitration award setting forth
the  basis and reasons for any decision reached (the "Final Award") and
will  deliver such documents to the Representative and Parent, together with
a  signed copy of the Final Award. Subject to the provisions of
subparagraph  (vii) below, the Final Award will constitute a conclusive
determination of  all issues in question, binding upon the Company
Shareholders, the  Representative and Parent, and will include an affirmative
statement to  such effect.   (iv) Timing. The Representative, Parent and
the  ------  arbitrator will conclude each arbitration pursuant to this
Section 11.8 as  promptly as possible for the Contested Claim being
arbitrated.   55    (v) Terms of Arbitration. The arbitrator chosen in 
-------------------- accordance with these provisions will not have the power
to alter, amend or otherwise affect the terms of these arbitration provisions
or the provisions of this Agreement .   (vi) Exclusive Remedy. Following
the Effective Time, except  ---------------- as specifically otherwise
provided in this Agreement, arbitration conducted in accordance with this
Agreement will be the sole and exclusive remedy of the parties for any Claim
made pursuant to Article 11.   11.9 Distribution Upon Termination of Escrow
Period Within ten business 
---------------------------------------------- days following the Escrow
Release Date, Parent shall deliver to the Company Shareholders all of the
Escrow Funds in excess of any amount of Escrow Funds necessary to satisfy any
unsatisfied or disputed claims for Damages specified in any Notice of Claim
delivered to the Representative before the Escrow Release Date. As soon as
all such claims have been resolved, Parent shall deliver to the Company
Shareholders all remaining Escrow Funds not required to satisfy
such claims.   ARTICLE 12  Registration Rights   12.1 Certain
Definitions. For purposes of this Article 12:  -------------------   (a)
Registration. The terms "register," "registered" and 
------------ "registration" refer to a registration effected by preparing and
filing a registration statement in compliance with the Securities Act, and
the declaration or ordering of effectiveness of such registration
statement.   (b) Registrable Securities. The term "Registrable Securities" 
---------------------- means (i) the shares of Parent Common Stock that are
issued to the Company Shareholders in the Merger pursuant to Section 2.1.2
hereof (which shares are not Escrow Shares), and (ii) any shares of Parent
Common Stock that may be issued as a dividend or other distribution
(including shares of Parent Common Stock issued in a subdivision and split of
Parent\'s outstanding Common Stock) with respect to, or in exchange for, or
in replacement of, shares of Parent Common Stock described in clause (i) of
this Section 12.1(b) or in this clause (ii); excluding in all cases, however,
from the definition of "Registrable Securities" any such shares that are: (w)
registered under the Securities Act other than pursuant to a registration
statement filed pursuant to this Agreement; (x) sold by a person in a
transaction in which rights under this Agreement with respect to such shares
are not assigned in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; (y) sold
pursuant to a registration statement filed pursuant to this Agreement; or (z)
sold pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act or otherwise
sold to the public. Only shares of Parent Common Stock shall be Registrable
Securities. Except as provided in clauses (i) and (ii) of the first sentence
of this Section 12.1(b), without limitation, the term "Registrable
Securities" does not include any shares of Parent Common Stock that were not
issued in connection with the Merger.   (c) Holder. The term "Holder" means
a Company Shareholder who is  ------ the original holder of any Registrable
Securities or any assignee of record of any Registrable Securities  
56   to whom rights under this Agreement have been duly assigned in
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.   (d) Form S-3. The term
"Form S-3" means a registration statement  -------- filed under Form S-3
under the Securities Act, as such is in effect at the Effective Time, or any
successor form of registration statement under the Securities Act
subsequently adopted by the SEC that permits inclusion or incorporation of a
substantial amount of information by reference to other documents filed by
Parent with the SEC.   (e) Rule 415. The term "Rule 415" means Rule 415
promulgated  -------- under the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended
from time to time, or any similar or successor rule or regulation hereafter
adopted by the SEC.   12.2 Form S-3 Shelf Registration. 
---------------------------   (a) Filing and Registration Period. Subject to
the terms and  ------------------------------ conditions of this Agreement,
within the later of (i) 15 business days after the Effective Time and (ii)
the date Parent becomes eligible to use Form S-3, consistent with the
requirements of applicable law, Parent shall file with the SEC a registration
statement on Form S-3 for an offering to be made on a continuous basis
pursuant to Rule 415 covering all of the then outstanding Registrable
Securities (the "Shelf Registration"). Parent shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Shelf Registration to be
declared effective as soon as practicable after its filing and to keep the
Shelf Registration continuously effective under the Securities Act for a
continuous period of time (such period of time being hereinafter called the
"Registration Period") commencing on the date the Shelf Registration is
declared effective under the Securities Act by the SEC (the "Date of
Effectiveness") and ending at the end of the thirtieth (30th) trading day
that the Shelf Registration and any Subsequent Registration (as defined
below) has been effective, provided that in the event that Parent exercises
its right to prohibit sales under Section 12.2(f) below or in the event that
sales are prohibited under Section 12.2(g) below, then Parent shall extend
the Registration Period hereunder by the number of trading days that such
sales were so prohibited. Parent shall have no duty or obligation to keep the
Shelf Registration (or any Subsequent Registration, as defined
below) effective after the expiration of the Registration Period.   (b)
Subsequent Registration. If the Shelf Registration is filed 
----------------------- with the SEC and becomes effective under the
Securities Act, and the Shelf Registration or a Subsequent Registration (as
defined below) thereafter ceases to be effective for any reason at any time
during the Registration Period, then Parent shall use all reasonable efforts
to obtain the prompt withdrawal of any order suspending the effectiveness
thereof, and in any event shall, within thirty days of such cessation of
effectiveness, file an amendment to the Shelf Registration seeking to obtain
the withdrawal of the order suspending the effectiveness thereof, or file an
additional "shelf" registration statement pursuant to Rule 415 covering all
of the then outstanding Registrable Securities (a "Subsequent Registration").
If a Subsequent Registration is filed, Parent shall use its best efforts to
cause the Subsequent Registration to be declared effective as soon as
practicable after such filing and to keep such registration statement
continuously effective until the end of the Registration Period.   57   
(c) Supplements and Amendments. Subject to the provisions of 
-------------------------- Section 12.2(g), during the Registration Period
Parent shall supplement and amend the Shelf Registration or Subsequent
Registration, as applicable, if, as and when required by the Securities Act,
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder or the rules, regulations or
instructions applicable to the registration form used by Parent for such
Shelf Registration.   (d) Timing and Manner of Sales. Any sale of
Registrable  -------------------------- Securities pursuant to a Shelf
Registration or a Subsequent Registration under this Section 12.2 may be made
only during the Registration Period. In addition, any sale of Registrable
Securities pursuant to a Shelf Registration or a Subsequent Registration
under this Section 12.2 may only be made in accordance with the method or
methods of distribution of such Registrable Securities that are described in
the registration statement for the Shelf Registration (or Subsequent
Registration, as applicable) and permitted by such form of registration
statement. Subject to any other agreements between the Holder and Parent or
Surviving Corporation, notwithstanding the terms and conditions of this
Section 12, a Holder may also sell Registrable Securities in a bona
fide private offering if the selling Holder provides Parent with a written
opinion of counsel, satisfactory to counsel to Parent acting in a reasonable
manner, that such offer and sale is an exempt transaction under the
Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, complies with all
requirements for such exemptions and is not made with use of the prospectus
for the Shelf Registration (or Subsequent Registration, if applicable).  
(e) No Underwritings. No sale of Registrable Securities under any 
---------------- Shelf Registration (or Subsequent Registration) effected
pursuant to this Section 12.2 may be effected pursuant to any underwritten
offering without Parent\'s prior written consent, which may be withheld in
its sole and absolute discretion.   (f) Material Events. In the event of a
material development or  --------------- potential material development
involving Parent that requires Parent under the Securities Act and the
regulations thereunder to amend the registration statement for the Shelf
Registration (or Subsequent Registration, as applicable) in order to cause
the prospectus to be current, then Parent will give written notice to all
Holders as soon as practicable, but in no event more than three business days
after such event that (i) the Shelf Registration (or Subsequent Registration,
as applicable) must be amended and (ii) no sale of Registrable Securities may
be made under the Shelf Registration (or Subsequent Registration, as
applicable) until such Shelf Registration (or Subsequent Registration,
as applicable) has been amended. In the event that Parent determines that
an amendment to the registration statement is necessary as provided above, it
will use all commercially reasonable efforts to file and cause such amendment
to become effective as soon as practicable; whereupon it will notify the
Holders that the prospectus is current. In the event that sales under the
Shelf Registration (or Subsequent Registration) are prohibited pursuant to
this Section 12.2(f), then after such Shelf Registration (or Subsequent
Registration) has been amended, Parent will give written notice to all
Holders as soon as practicable, but in no event more than three business days
after such amendment, that sales under the Shelf Registration (or Subsequent
Registration) may resume.   (g) Trading Window Compliance. The Holders
acknowledge that the  ------------------------- Parent Insider Trading
Compliance Program and Insider Trading Policy, as such may be amended from
time to time, a current copy of which has been provided to the Company prior
to the Closing (the   58   "Parent Trading Policy") requires that those
directors, officers and employees of Parent and its subsidiaries and those
other persons whom Parent determines to be "Access Personnel" or otherwise
subject to the "trading window" and pre- clearance requirements of the Parent
Trading Policy (and members of their immediate families and households) are
permitted to effect trades in Parent securities: (i) only during those
specified time periods ("trading windows") in which such persons are
permitted to make sales, purchases or other trades in Parent\'s securities
under the "trading window" provisions of the Parent Trading Policy; and (ii)
only after pre-clearance of such sales, purchases or other trades with
Parent\'s Insider Trading Compliance Officer. If a Holder is or becomes
subject to the "trading window" and/or "pre-clearance" provisions of
the Parent Trading Policy described above, then, notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, such Holder may sell, transfer and dispose of
Registrable Securities only during those trading windows during which such
Parent Access Personnel are permitted to effect trades in Parent stock under
the Parent Trading Policy and only after pre-clearing such trades with
Parent\'s Insider Trading Compliance Officer as provided in the Parent
Trading Policy.   12.3 Limitations. Notwithstanding the provisions of
Section 12.2 above,  ----------- Parent shall not be obligated to effect any
registration, qualification or compliance of Registrable Securities pursuant
to Section 12.2 of this Agreement, and the Holders shall not be entitled to
sell Registrable Securities pursuant to any registration statement filed
under Section 12.2 of this Agreement, as applicable:   (a) if Form S-3 is
not then available for such offering by the Holders;   (b) if Parent shall
furnish to the Holders (and all other holders of Parent\'s registrable
securities) a certificate signed by an officer of Parent stating that, in the
good faith judgment of such officer, it would be detrimental to Parent and
its stockholders for such Permitted Window to be in effect at such time, due,
for example, to the existence of a material development or potential material
development involving Parent which Parent would be obligated to disclose in
the prospectus contained in the Shelf Registration (or Subsequent
Registration, as applicable), which disclosure would, in the good faith
judgment of such officer, be premature or otherwise inadvisable at such time
or would have a material adverse affect upon Parent and its stockholders, in
which event Parent will have the right to defer the filing of any such Shelf
Registration (or Subsequent Registration, if applicable) for a period of not
more than forty days after delivery of such certificate to the Holders;  
(c) if Parent is acquired and Parent Common Stock ceases to be publicly
traded and the consideration received in such acquisition is cash and/or
publicly traded securities registered under the Securities Act;   (d) in any
particular jurisdiction in which Parent would be required to qualify to do
business or to execute a general consent to service of process in effecting
such registration, qualification or compliance, unless Parent is already
subject to service of process in such jurisdiction; or   (e) if the SEC
refuses to declare such registration effective due to the participation of
any particular Holder in such registration (unless such Holder withdraws all
such   59   Holder\'s Registrable Securities from such registration
statement); or if the manner in which any Registrable Securities are disposed
of pursuant to the Shelf Registration (or Subsequent Registration, as
applicable) is not included within the plan of distribution set forth in the
prospectus for the Shelf Registration (or Subsequent Registration, as
applicable).   12.4 Shares Otherwise Eligible for Resale. Notwithstanding
anything herein  ------------------------------------- to the contrary,
Parent shall not be obligated to effect or continue to keep effective any
such registration, registration statement, qualification or compliance with
respect to the Registrable Securities held by any particular Holder:   (a)
if Parent or its legal counsel shall have received a "no- action" letter or
similar written confirmation from the SEC that all the Registrable Securities
then held by such Holder may be resold by such Holder within a three month
period without registration under the Securities Act pursuant to the
provisions of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or successor
provisions), or otherwise;   (b) if legal counsel to Parent shall deliver a
written opinion to Parent, its transfer agent and the Holders, in form and
substance reasonably acceptable to Parent to the effect that all the
Registrable Securities then held by such Holder may be resold by such Holder
within a three month period without registration under the Securities Act
pursuant to the provisions of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act,
or otherwise; or   (c) after expiration or termination of the Registration
Period.   12.5 Expenses. Parent shall pay all expenses incurred in
connection with  -------- any registration effected by Parent pursuant to
this Agreement (excluding brokers\' discounts and commissions), including,
without limitation, all filing, registration and qualification, printers\',
legal (including, the reasonable fees and expenses of one counsel for the
Holders as a group) and accounting fees.   12.6 Obligations of Parent.
Subject to Sections 12.2, 12.3 and 12.4 above,  --------------------- when
required to effect the registration of any Registrable Securities under
the terms of this Agreement, Parent will, as expeditiously as reasonably
possible:   (a) furnish to the Holders such number of copies of the
prospectus for the Shelf Registration (or Subsequent Registration, as
applicable), including a preliminary prospectus (and amendments or
supplements thereto), in conformity with the requirements of the Securities
Act, and such other documents as they may reasonably request in order to
facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by them;  
(b) notify each Holder of Registrable Securities promptly and, if requested
by such Holder, confirm such notification in writing promptly (i) when a
registration statement has become effective and when any post-
effective amendments and supplements thereto become effective, (ii) of any
request by the SEC or any state securities authority for post-effective
amendments and supplements to a registration statement that has become
effective, (iii) of the issuance by the SEC or any state securities authority
of any stop order suspending the effectiveness   60   of a registration
statement or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose, (iv) of the
receipt by Parent of any notification with respect to the suspension of the
qualification of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction or
the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose, and (v) of
any determination by Parent that a post-effective amendment to a registration
statement would be appropriate;   (c) use all reasonable efforts to (i)
register and qualify the securities covered by such registration statement
under such other securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the
United States as will be reasonably requested by the Holders; provided that
Parent will not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto
to qualify to do business or to file a general consent to service of process
in any such state or jurisdiction unless Parent is already so qualified or
subject to service of process, respectively, in such jurisdiction; and (ii)
cause such Registrable Securities to be registered with or approved by such
other governmental agencies or authorities, including the National
Association of Securities Dealers as may be necessary by virtue of the
business and operations of Parent; provided that Parent will not be required
to (A) qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it would
not otherwise be required to qualify but for this paragraph (c), (B) subject
itself to taxation in any jurisdiction, or (C) consent to general service of
process in any such jurisdiction except as may be required by the Securities
Act;   (d) promptly notify each Holder of Registrable Securities covered by
such registration statement, when a prospectus relating thereto is
required to be delivered under the Securities Act, of the happening of any
event as a result of which the prospectus included in such registration
statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact
or omits to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein not misleading in the light of the
circumstances then existing and, subject to the provisions of this Agreement,
at the request of any Holder, prepare and furnish to each Holder of
Registrable Securities then outstanding a reasonable number of copies of a
supplement to or an amendment of the prospectus as may be necessary to
correct the untrue statement or omission;   (e) make available for
inspection by any Holder of Registrable Securities and any attorney,
accountant or other professional retained by any such Holder (collectively,
the "Inspectors"), all financial and other records, pertinent corporate
documents and properties of Parent (collectively, the "Records") as shall be
reasonably necessary to enable them to exercise their due diligence
responsibility, and cause Parent\'s officers, directors and employees to
supply all information reasonably requested by any Inspectors in
connection with such registration statement; provided, that prior to any such
disclosure, such Inspector executes a non-disclosure agreement in form and
substance acceptable to Parent. Records which Parent determines, in good
faith, to be confidential and which it notifies the Inspectors in writing are
confidential shall not be disclosed to the Inspectors unless (i) the
disclosure of such Records is necessary to avoid or correct a misstatement or
omission in such registration statement or (ii) the release of such Records
is ordered pursuant to a subpoena or other order from a court of competent
jurisdiction. Each Holder of Registrable Securities agrees that information
obtained by it as a result of such inspections shall be deemed confidential
and shall not be used by it as the basis for any market transactions in the
securities of Parent or its affiliates or otherwise disclosed by it unless
and until such is made generally available to the public. Each Holder of such
Registrable Securities further agrees that it   61   will, upon leaning
that disclosure of such Records is sought in a court of competent
jurisdiction, give written notice to Parent and allow Parent, at its expense,
to undertake appropriate action to prevent disclosure of the Records deemed
confidential;   (f) use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause all
such Registrable Securities to be listed on the Nasdaq National Market and
each securities exchange on which similar securities issued by Parent are
then listed; and   (g) upon the request of any Holder, promptly provide the
name, address and other contract information regarding Parent\'s transfer
agent for the Registrable Securities and the CUSIP number for the Registrable
Securities.   12.7 Furnish Information. It shall be a condition precedent to
the  ------------------- obligations of Parent to take any action pursuant
to this Article 12 that the selling Holders will furnish to Parent such
information regarding themselves, the Registrable Securities held by them,
and the intended method of disposition and plan of distribution of such
Registrable Securities as shall be required to timely effect the registration
of their Registrable Securities.   12.8 Delay of Registration. No Holder
will have any right to obtain or  --------------------- seek an injunction
restraining or otherwise delaying any registration that is the subject of
this Agreement as the result of any controversy that might arise with respect
to the interpretation or implementation of this Agreement.   12.9
Indemnification.  ---------------   (a) By Parent. To the extent permitted
by law, Parent will  --------- indemnify, defend and hold harmless each
Holder against any losses, claims, damages, or liabilities (joint or
several), and will indemnify and reimburse Holder for any reasonable
attorneys\' fees and other expenses reasonably incurred by Holder in
connection with investigating or defending any such loss, claim, damage,
liability, or action, as incurred, to which such Holder may become subject
under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or other U.S. federal or state
law, insofar as such losses, claims, damages, or liabilities (or actions in
respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any of the
following statements, omissions or violations (collectively, a
"Violation"):   (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a
material fact contained in a registration statement filed by Parent pursuant
to this Agreement pursuant to which Registrable Securities are
sold, including any preliminary prospectus or final prospectus contained
therein or any amendments or supplements thereto;   (ii) the omission or
alleged omission to state in such registration statement, preliminary
prospectus or final prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto, a
material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the
statements therein not misleading; or   (iii) any violation or alleged
violation by Parent of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any U.S. federal
or state securities law or any rule or   62   regulation promulgated
under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any U.S. federal or state
securities law in connection with the offering of Registrable Securities
covered by such registration statement; provided however, that the indemnity
agreement contained in this subsection 12.9(a) shall not apply to amounts
paid in settlement of any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action if
such settlement is effected without the written consent of Parent
(which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), nor shall Parent be
liable in any such case for any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action
to the extent that it arises out of or is based upon a Violation which occurs
in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished
expressly for use in connection with such registration by such Holder.  
(b) By Selling Holders. To the extent permitted by law, (i) each 
------------------ selling Holder will indemnify and hold harmless Parent,
each of its directors, each of its officers who have signed the registration
statement, each Person, if any, who controls Parent within the meaning of the
Securities Act, any underwriter and any other Holder selling securities under
such registration statement, against any losses, claims, damages or
liabilities (joint or several) to which Parent or any such director, officer,
controlling person, underwriter or other such Holder may become subject under
the Securities, the Exchange Act or other federal or state law, insofar as
such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereto)
arise out of or are based upon any Violation, in each case to the extent (and
only to the extent) that such Violation occurs in reliance upon and in
conformity with written information furnished by such Holder expressly for
use in connection with such registration; (ii) and each such Holder will
indemnify and reimburse Parent or any such director, officer, controlling
person, underwriter or other Holder for any reasonable attorneys\' fees and
other expenses reasonably incurred by Parent or any such director, officer,
controlling person, underwriter or other Holder in connection with
investigating or defending any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action,
as incurred. Each selling Holder\'s liability pursuant to this Section
12.9(b) shall be limited to an amount equal to the net proceeds received by
such selling Holder pursuant to sales under the registration statement.  
(c) Notice. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under 
------ this Section 12.9 of notice of the commencement of any action
(including any governmental action) against such indemnified party, such
indemnified party will, if a claim for indemnification or contribution in
respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this
Section 12.9, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the
commencement thereof and, if the indemnifying party is Parent, Parent shall
have the right and obligation to control the defense of such action, and if
Parent fails to defend such action it shall indemnify and reimburse the
selling Holders for any reasonable attorneys\' fees and other expenses
reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending
such action; provided, however, that: (i) Parent shall also have the right,
at its option, to assume and control the defense of any action with respect
to which Parent or any person entitled to be indemnified by the selling
Holders under Section 12.9(b) is entitled to indemnification from the selling
Holders; (ii) the indemnified party or parties shall have the right to
participate at its own expense in the defense of such action and (but only
to the extent agreed in writing with Parent and any other indemnifying
party similarly noticed) to assume the defense thereof with counsel
mutually satisfactory to the parties; and (iii) an indemnified party shall
have the right to retain its own counsel, with the fees and expenses of such
counsel to be paid by the indemnifying party, if representation of such
indemnified party by the counsel retained by the indemnifying party would  
63   be inappropriate due to an actual or potential conflict of interests
between such indemnified party and any other party represented by such
counsel in such proceeding. The failure of an indemnified party to deliver
written notice to the indemnifying party within a reasonable time of the
commencement of any such action, if prejudicial to the ability of the
indemnifying party to defend such action, shall relieve such indemnifying
party of any liability to the indemnified party under this Section 12.9, but
the omission so to deliver written notice to the indemnifying party will not
relieve the indemnifying party of any liability that it may have to any
indemnified party otherwise than under this Section 12.9.   (d) Defect
Eliminated in Final Prospectus. The foregoing indemnity 
------------------------------------- agreements of Parent and the Holders
are subject to the condition that, insofar as they relate to any Violation
made in a preliminary prospectus but eliminated or remedied in the amended or
supplemented prospectus on file with the SEC and effective at the time the
sale of Registrable Securities under such registration statement occurs (the
"Amended Prospectus"), such indemnity agreement shall not inure to the
benefit of any person if a copy of the Amended Prospectus was furnished to
the indemnified party and was not furnished to the person asserting the loss,
liability, claim or damage in the action giving rise to indemnity claims
under this Section 12.9, at or prior to the time such action is required by
the Securities Act.   (e) Survival. The obligations of Parent and Holders
under this  -------- Section 12.9 shall survive the completion of any
offering of Registrable Securities in a registration statement pursuant to
this Agreement, and otherwise.   12.10 Duration and Termination of
Parent\'s Obligations. Parent will have 
------------------------------------------------ no obligations pursuant to
Section 12.2 of this Agreement with respect to any request or requests for
registration (or inclusion in a registration) made by any Holder or to
maintain or continue to keep effective any registration or registration
statement pursuant hereto: (a) after the expiration or termination of the
Registration Period; (b) with respect to a particular Holder if, in
the opinion of counsel to Parent, all such Registrable Securities proposed to
be sold by such Holder may be sold in a three (3) month period without
registration under the Securities pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the
Securities or otherwise; or (c) if all Registrable Securities have been
registered and sold pursuant to a registration effected pursuant to this
Agreement and/or have been transferred in transactions in which registration
rights hereunder have not been assigned in accordance with this
Agreement.   12.11 Acknowledgment of Other Agreements. The Holders
acknowledge that they  ---------------------------------- have been informed
by Parent that other stockholders of Parent currently hold certain Form S-3
and other registration rights that may enable such other stockholders to sell
shares of Parent during the Registration Period or at other times (thus
potentially adversely affecting the receptivity of the market to the sale of
the Registrable Securities pursuant to a registration effected pursuant to
this Agreement).   12.12 Assignment. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, the  ---------- rights of a Holder under Article 12 may be
assigned only with Parent\'s express prior written consent, which may be
withheld in Parent\'s sole discretion; provided, however, that the rights of
a Holder under   64   Article 12 may be assigned without Parent\'s
express prior written consent: (a) to a Permitted Assignee (as defined
below); or (b) (if applicable) by will or by the laws of intestacy, descent
or distribution, provided that the assignee first agrees in writing to be
bound by all the obligations of the Holders under this Article 12. Any
attempt to assign any rights of a Holder under Article 12 without Parent\'s
express prior written consent in a situation in which such consent is
required by this Section shall be null and void and without effect. Subject
to the foregoing restrictions, all rights, covenants and agreements
in Article 12 by or on behalf of the parties hereto will bind and inure to
the benefit of the respective permitted successors and assigns of the
parties hereto. Each of the following parties are "Permitted Assignees" for
purposes of this Section 12.12: (a) a trust whose beneficiaries consist
solely of a Holder and such Holder\'s immediate family; (b) the personal
representative (such as an executor of a Holder\'s will), custodian or
conservator of a Holder, in the case of the death, bankruptcy or adjudication
of incompetency of that Holder; (c) immediate family members of a Holder; (d)
partners of a Holder that is a partnership; (e) members of a Holder that is a
limited liability company; or (f) a person or entity that directly or
indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, a
Holder.   12.13 The provisions of this Article 12 shall survive and remain
operative and in full force and effect following the Effective Time.  
ARTICLE 13  Miscellaneous   13.1 Governing Law. The internal laws of the
State of California,  ------------- irrespective of its choice of law
principles, will govern the validity of this Agreement, the construction of
its terms, and the interpretation and enforcement of the rights and duties of
the parties hereto; provided, however, that issues involving the consummation
and effects of the Merger shall be governed to the extent applicable by the
laws of the State of Delaware, as they pertain to the merger of Sub, a
Delaware corporation, with and into the Company.   13.2 Assignment; Binding
Upon Successors and Assigns. Except as set forth 
----------------------------------------------- in Section 12.12, neither
party hereto may assign any of its rights or obligations hereunder without
the prior written consent of the other party hereto. This Agreement will be
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their
respective successors and permitted assigns. Any assignment in violation of
this provision shall be void.   13.3 Severability. If any provision of this
Agreement, or the application  ------------ thereof, will for any reason and
to any extent be invalid or unenforceable, then the remainder of this
Agreement and the application of such provision to other persons or
circumstances will be interpreted so as reasonably to effect the intent of
the parties hereto. The parties further agree to replace such void
or unenforceable provision of this Agreement with a valid and enforceable
provision that will achieve, to the extent possible, the economic, business
and other purposes of the void or unenforceable provision.   13.4
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
------------ counterparts, each of which will be an original as regards any
party whose signature appears thereon and all of which together will
constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement will become  
65   binding when one or more counterparts hereof, individually or taken
together, will bear the signatures of all parties reflected hereon as
signatories.   13.5 Other Remedies. Except as otherwise provided herein, any
and all  -------------- remedies herein expressly conferred upon a party
hereunder will be deemed cumulative with and not exclusive of any other
remedy conferred hereby or by law on such party, and the exercise of any one
remedy will not preclude the exercise of any other. Parent and the Company
agree that after the Closing, the indemnification and arbitration provisions
set forth in Article 11 shall be each such person\'s sole and exclusive
remedy with respect to any inaccuracy, misrepresentation, breach of, or
default in, any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements
of any such party in this Agreement; provided, however, that the foregoing
shall not limit the parties\' respective rights to seek specific performance
or other injunctive relief. The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage
would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were
not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise
breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to seek
an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to
enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof in any court of the
United States or any state having jurisdiction.   13.6 Amendment and
Waivers. Any term or provision of this Agreement may be 
--------------------- amended, and the observance of any term of this
Agreement may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and
either retroactively or prospectively) only by a writing signed by the party
to be bound thereby. The waiver by a party of any breach hereof or default in
the performance hereof will not be deemed to constitute a waiver of any other
default or any succeeding breach or default. This Agreement may be amended by
the parties hereto as provided in this Section at any time before or after
approval of this Agreement by the Company Shareholders, but, after such
approval, no amendment will be made which by applicable law requires the
further approval of the Company Shareholders without obtaining such further
approval. At any time prior to the Effective Time, each of Company and
Parent, by action taken by its Board of Directors, may, to the extent legally
allowed, (i) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or
other acts of the other; (ii) waive any inaccuracies in the representations
and warranties made to it contained herein or in any document delivered
pursuant hereto; and (iii) waive compliance with any of the agreements or
conditions for its benefit contained herein. No such waiver or extension
will be effective unless signed in writing by the party against whom such
waiver or extension is asserted. The failure of any party to enforce any of
the provisions hereof will not be construed to be a waiver of the right of
such party thereafter to enforce such provisions.   13.7 Expenses. Each
party will bear its respective legal, auditors\',  -------- investment
bankers\' and financial advisors\' fees and other expenses incurred with
respect to this Agreement, the Merger and the transactions
contemplated hereby ("Transaction Expenses"), except that (i) Parent shall
pay up to $250,000 of the Company\'s legal fees and expenses, and (ii) the
Company Shareholders shall pay all investment bankers\' fees and expenses
incurred by the Company (the failure of which shall result in the reduction
in the Total Merger Consideration specified in Section 1.27 hereof).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Merger is successfully consummated,
then any Transaction Expenses of the Company not paid on or prior to the  
66   Closing may be paid by Parent and Parent will thereafter be entitled
to indemnification from the Escrow Shares in accordance with Section 11.2 for
an amount equal to the amount of such Transaction Expenses (such amount,
"Excess Transaction Expenses"), except as to the payment of legal fees and
expenses required by clause (i) above and to the extent the Total Merger
Consideration was reduced in respect of investment banking fees and expenses
of the Company.   13.8 Attorneys\' Fees. Should suit be brought to enforce
or interpret any  --------------- part of this Agreement, the prevailing
party will be entitled to recover, as an element of the costs of suit and not
as damages, reasonable attorneys\' fees to be fixed by the court (including
without limitation, costs, expenses and fees on any appeal). The prevailing
party will be entitled to recover its costs of suit, regardless of whether
such suit proceeds to final judgment.   13.9 Notices. All notices and other
communications required or permitted  ------- under this Agreement will be
in writing and will be either hand delivered in person, sent by facsimile,
sent by certified or registered first class mail, postage pre-paid, or sent
by nationally recognized express courier service. Such notices and other
communications will be effective upon receipt if hand delivered or sent by
facsimile, five days after mailing if sent by mail, and one day after
dispatch if sent by express courier, to the following addresses, or such
other addresses as any party may notify the other parties in accordance with
this Section:   If to Parent:   Interwoven, Inc.  1195 W. Fremont Ave.,
#2000  Sunnyvale, California 94087  Attention: David Allen  Fax Number:
408-658-2671   with a copy to:    Fenwick and West LLP  Embarcadero Tower
West  275 Battery Street, Suite 1500  San Francisco, CA 94111  Attention:
Douglas N. Cogen  Fax Number: 415-281-1350   If to the Company:  
Metacode Technologies, Inc.  139 Townsend Street, Suite 100  San Francisco,
CA 94107  Attention: Chris Rathe  Fax Number: 415-222-0150   67    with
a copy to:   Gray Cary Ware and Freidenrich LLP  139 Townsend Street, Suite
400  San Francisco, CA 94107  Attention: J. Howard Clowes, Esq.  Fax
Number: 415-836-9220   If to the Representative:   Chris Rathe  c/o
Metacode Technologies, Inc.  139 Townsend Street, Suite 100  San Francisco,
CA 94107  Attention: Chris Rathe  Fax Number: 415-222-0150  or to such
other address as a party may have furnished to the other parties in writing
pursuant to this Section 13.9.   13.10 Interpretation; Rules of
Construction. When a reference is made in 
------------------------------------- this Agreement to Exhibits, such
reference shall be to an Exhibit to this Agreement unless otherwise
indicated. When a reference is made in this Agreement to Sections, such
reference shall be to a Section of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated.
When a reference is made in this Agreement to an Article, such reference
shall be to an Article of this Agreement. The words "include," "includes" and
"including" when used herein shall be deemed in each case to be followed by
the words "without limitation." The table of contents and headings contained
in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any
way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. When reference is made
herein to "the business of" an entity, such reference shall be deemed to
include the business of all direct and indirect subsidiaries of such entity.
Reference to the subsidiaries of an entity shall be deemed to include all
direct and indirect subsidiaries of such entity. The parties hereto agree
that they have been represented by counsel during the negotiation
and execution of this Agreement and, therefore, waive the application of any
law, regulation, holding or rule of construction providing that ambiguities
in an agreement or other document will be construed against the party
drafting such agreement or document.   13.11 No Joint Venture. Nothing
contained in this Agreement will be deemed  ---------------- or construed as
creating a joint venture or partnership between any of the parties hereto. No
party is by virtue of this Agreement authorized as an agent, employee or
legal representative of any other party. No party will have the power to
control the activities and operations of any other and their status is, and
at all times will continue to be, that of independent contractors
with respect to each other. No party will have any power or authority to bind
or commit any other party. No party will hold itself out as having any
authority or relationship in contravention of this Section.   68   
13.12 Further Assurances. Each party agrees to cooperate fully with the 
------------------ other parties and to execute such further instruments,
documents and agreements and to give such further written assurances as may
be reasonably requested by any other party to evidence and reflect the
transactions described herein and contemplated hereby and to carry into
effect the intents and purposes of this Agreement.   13.13 Third Party
Beneficiary Rights. No provisions of this Agreement are 
------------------------------ intended, nor will be interpreted, to provide
or create any third party beneficiary rights or any other rights of any kind
in any client, customer, affiliate, shareholder, partner or any party hereto
or any other person or entity unless specifically provided otherwise herein
and, except as so provided, all provisions hereof will be personal solely
between the parties to this Agreement; except that the provisions of Article
12 are intended to create third party beneficiary rights for the Company
Shareholders.   13.14 Public Announcement. Upon execution of this Agreement,
Parent and  ------------------- the Company will issue a press release
approved by both parties announcing the Merger. Thereafter, Parent may issue
such press releases, and make such other disclosures regarding the Merger, as
it determines are required under applicable securities laws or regulatory
rules. Prior to the publication of such initial and mutually agreed press
release, neither party will make any public announcement relating to this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby (except as may be required
by law) and the Company will use its reasonable efforts to prevent any
trading in Parent Common Stock by its officers, directors, employees,
shareholders and agents. Neither Parent nor the Company will make any
disclosures regarding this Agreement or the Merger that would jeopardize
Parent\'s ability to timely and lawfully issue the shares of Parent Common
Stock in the Merger pursuant to the exemptions described in Section 2.7.  
13.15 Disclosure Letters. The Company Disclosure Letter and the Parent 
------------------ Disclosure Letter each shall be arranged in separate parts
corresponding to the numbered and lettered sections contained in this
Agreement, and the information disclosed in any numbered or lettered part
shall be deemed to relate to and to qualify only the particular provision set
forth in the corresponding numbered or lettered section in this Agreement, as
applicable, and any other provision to which the relevance of such
information is readily apparent from the text of such disclosure and shall be
deemed to relate to or to qualify any other provision.   13.16
Confidentiality. The Company and Parent each confirm that they have 
--------------- entered into the Confidentiality Agreement and that they are
each bound by, and will abide by, the provisions of such Confidentiality
Agreement, provided that Parent shall not be bound by such Confidentiality
Agreement after the Closing. If this Agreement is terminated, the
Confidentiality Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and all
copies of documents containing confidential information of a disclosing party
will be returned by the receiving party to the disclosing party or be
destroyed, as provided in the Confidentiality Agreement.   13.17 Entire
Agreement. This Agreement and the exhibits hereto constitute 
---------------- the entire understanding and agreement of the parties hereto
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior and
contemporaneous agreements or understandings, inducements or  
69   conditions, express or implied, written or oral, between the parties
with respect hereto other than the Confidentiality Agreement. The express
terms hereof control and supersede any course of performance or usage of the
trade inconsistent with any of the terms hereof.   13.18 Waiver Of Jury
Trial. EACH OF PARENT, THE COMPANY AND SUB HEREBY 
-------------------- IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY
ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE ACTIONS OF
PARENT, COMPANY OR SUB IN THE NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE AND
ENFORCEMENT HEREOF.   70    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have
executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.   Interwoven,
Inc. Metacode Technologies, Inc.  By: /s/ David M. Allen By: /s/ Thomas J.
Steding  --------------------------------
-----------------------------------  Name: David M. Allen Name: Thomas J.
Steding  ------------------------------
---------------------------------  Title: Senior Vice President and CFO
Title: Chief Executive Officer  -----------------------------
--------------------------------   Melon Acquisition Corporation  By: /s/
David M. Allen  --------------------------------  Name: David M. Allen 
------------------------------  Title: Chief Financial Officer 
-----------------------------       [Signature Page to Agreement and
Plan of Merger]   71    List of Exhibits  Exhibit A List of Core
Company Shareholders  Exhibit B Form of Investment Representation
Letter  Exhibit C-1 Form of Certificate of Merger  Exhibit C-2 Form of
Agreement of Merger  Exhibit D Matters to be Covered in the Opinion of
Fenwick and West LLP  Exhibit E Matters to be Covered in the Opinion of Gray
Cary Ware and  Freidenrich LLP  Exhibit F Form of Continuation Agreement  
72   '

