<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex2-1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ASSET PURCH. AGMT, COMMON STOCK AGMT, ESCROW AGMT
<TEXT>
                                                                     Exhibit 2.1


                            ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT

                                  BY AND AMONG

                               EDT LEARNING, INC.,
                             A DELAWARE CORPORATION,

                                       AND

                               QUISIC CORPORATION,
                            A CALIFORNIA CORPORATION
<PAGE>
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                            PAGE
                                                                            ----

Section 1.     Terms of the Sale and Purchase of the Purchased Assets..........1

        1.1    Conveyance of Purchased Assets..................................1
        1.2    Excluded Assets.................................................2
        1.3    Purchase Price; Assumption of Liabilities.......................2
        1.4    Subsequent Actions..............................................3

Section 2.     Representations and Warranties of Seller........................3

        2.1    Corporate Existence; Good Standing..............................3
        2.2    Power and Authority for Transactions............................3
        2.3    Permits, Licenses and Governmental Authorizations...............4
        2.4    Corporate Records...............................................4
        2.5    Consents........................................................4
        2.6    Seller's Financial Information..................................4
        2.7    Leases..........................................................4
        2.8    Condition of Purchased Assets...................................4
        2.9    Title to and Encumbrances on Property...........................4
        2.10   Intellectual Property...........................................4
        2.11   Payroll Information; Employees..................................5
        2.12   Legal Proceedings...............................................6
        2.13   Contracts.......................................................6
        2.14   Subsequent Events...............................................6
        2.15   Taxes...........................................................7
        2.16   Liabilities; Debt...............................................8
        2.17   Insurance Policies..............................................8
        2.18   Employee Benefit Plans..........................................8
        2.19   Compliance with Laws in General.................................9
        2.20   No Untrue Representations.......................................9
        2.21   Customers.......................................................9
        2.22   Brokers and Finders.............................................9
        2.23   Website Content.................................................9

Section 3.     Representations and Warranties of Purchaser.....................9

        3.1    Corporate Existence: Good Standing..............................9
        3.2    Power and Authority.............................................9
        3.3    Brokers and Finders............................................10

Section 4.     Covenants of Seller............................................10

Section 5.     Covenants of Purchaser.........................................10

Section 6.     Purchaser's Conditions Precedent...............................10

        6.1    Representations and Warranties.................................10
        6.2    Covenants and Conditions.......................................10
        6.3    Proceedings....................................................10
        6.4    Closing Deliveries.............................................10
        6.5    Consents and Approvals.........................................11

                                        i
<PAGE>
        6.6    Approval by the Board of Directors.............................11
        6.7    Due Diligence Review...........................................11
        6.8    No Material Adverse Change.....................................11
        6.9    Employees of Seller............................................11
        6.10   Lien Termination...............................................11
        6.11   Real Property..................................................11
        6.12   Prepayments Statements.........................................12

Section 7.     Seller Conditions Precedent....................................12

        7.1    Representations and Warranties.................................12
        7.2    Covenants and Conditions.......................................12
        7.3    Proceedings....................................................12
        7.4    Closing Deliveries.............................................12
        7.5    Employees of Seller............................................12
        7.6    Consents and Approvals.........................................12

Section 8.     Closing Deliveries.............................................12

        8.1    Deliveries of Seller...........................................12
        8.2    Deliveries of Purchaser........................................13

Section 9.     Nature and Survival of Representations and Warranties..........14

        9.1    Effect of Investigation........................................14

Section 10.    Termination....................................................14

Section 11.    Miscellaneous..................................................15

        11.1   Notices........................................................15
        11.2   Successors and Assigns.........................................16
        11.3   Entire Agreement...............................................16
        11.4   Governing Law; Severability....................................16
        11.5   Schedules and Exhibits.........................................16
        11.6   Waivers........................................................16
        11.7   Headings.......................................................16
        11.8   Counterparts...................................................16
        11.9   Confidentiality................................................16
        11.10  Expenses.......................................................17
        11.11  No Third Party Beneficiaries...................................17
        11.12  Further Assurances.............................................17

                                       ii
<PAGE>
                            ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT

     This ASSET PURCHASE  AGREEMENT,  ("Agreement")  made and executed as of the
14th  day of  June,  2002,  is by and  among  EDT  LEARNING,  INC.,  a  Delaware
corporation  ("EDT"  or  "Purchaser"),  and  Quisic  Corporation,  a  California
corporation ("Seller").

                                   WITNESSETH:

     WHEREAS, Seller owns certain assets and has incurred certain liabilities in
the e-learning business ("Seller's Business"); and

     WHEREAS,  Seller  wishes  to sell to  Purchaser,  and  Purchaser  wishes to
acquire from Seller,  all of the Purchased  Assets (defined  herein) of Seller's
Business, all upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein; and

     NOW  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the mutual  promises  and  covenants
hereinafter  set  forth,  and for other  good and  valuable  consideration,  the
sufficiency  of  which is  hereby  acknowledged,  the  parties  hereby  agree as
follows:

SECTION 1. TERMS OF THE SALE AND PURCHASE OF THE PURCHASED ASSETS.

     The  purchase  and  sale  of the  Purchased  Assets  provided  for in  this
Agreement  (the  "Closing")  will occur on the 14th day of June,  2002 ("Closing
Date"),  unless  another date (as soon as practical  following  the execution of
this Agreement) is mutually agreed upon by Purchaser and Seller in writing.  The
sale of the Purchased  Assets shall be based on the respective  representations,
warranties and agreements of Purchaser and Seller  contained herein and shall be
subject to the terms and conditions herein stated.

     1.1  CONVEYANCE  OF  PURCHASED  ASSETS.  Subject  to and upon the terms and
conditions  contained herein,  on the Closing Date,  Seller shall sell,  convey,
transfer,  deliver  and assign to  Purchaser  all of Seller's  right,  title and
interest  in and to the assets of  Seller's  Business  (personal,  tangible  and
intangible)(except  as  otherwise  provided  herein) (the  "Purchased  Assets").
Without limiting the foregoing, the Purchased Assets specifically include:

          (a) All of the personal property, plant, furniture, fixtures, computer
hardware,  other  equipment and goodwill of Seller's  Business,  as set forth in
SCHEDULE 1.1(A) to this Agreement;

          (b) All of the  software,  including  source and object  code,  online
video and computer-based training courses used in Seller's Business;

          (c) The trade names used by Seller, including all derivations thereof,
together with any and all other names, slogans,  trademarks,  servicemarks,  and
logos used in Seller's Business, including but not limited to those set forth in
SCHEDULE 1.1(C) to this Agreement;

          (d) All accounts and notes receivable  related to Seller's Business in
SCHEDULE 1.1(D) to this Agreement.

                                       1
<PAGE>
          (e) All  executory  vendor and  customer  contracts  pertaining  to or
entered into in connection with Seller's Business  (excluding this Agreement and
the  agreements,  instruments  and  documents  executed and  delivered by Seller
pursuant to this Agreement), as set forth in SCHEDULE 1.1(E) to this Agreement;

          (f) The  books  and  records  of  Seller's  Business  relating  to the
Purchased Assets,  e.g. bills of sale, purchase receipts and originally executed
equipment leases;

          (g) All transferable licenses and other regulatory approvals necessary
for or incident to the operation of Seller's Business; and

          (h) All administrative  policy and procedure  manuals,  trade secrets,
trademarks,  service  marks,  marketing  and  promotional  materials  (including
audiotapes,  videotapes  and printed  materials),  educational  programs and all
other property  rights required for or incident to the marketing of the products
and services of Seller's Business, and all books and records relating thereto,.

     1.2 EXCLUDED  ASSETS.  There shall be excluded from the Purchased Assets to
be transferred and conveyed hereunder, and Seller shall retain all of its right,
title  and  interest  in  and to the  assets  listed  on  SCHEDULE  1.2 to  this
Agreement.

     1.3 PURCHASE PRICE; ASSUMPTION OF LIABILITIES.

          (a)  PURCHASE PRICE.

               (i) As  consideration  for the sale of the  Purchased  Assets  by
     Seller,  Purchaser  shall, on the Closing Date, pay to Seller Three Hundred
     Twenty  Thousand  Dollars   ($320,000)  by  wire  transfer.   Additionally,
     following  Closing,  once Purchaser has received (i) the written consent of
     the Public  Broadcasting  Systems  ("PBS') to the  assignment  by Seller to
     Purchaser of the Course Licensing and Distribution  Agreement dated July 5,
     2001  between  Seller  and PBS (the "PBS  Contract")  and (ii) the  written
     consent of  Employment  Law  Training,  Inc.  ("ELT") to the  assignment by
     Seller to Purchaser of that certain  Distribution  Agreement  dated July 7,
     1999 between Seller and ELT (the "ELT  Contract"),  Purchaser  shall assume
     Seller's  outstanding  obligations  to  Investor  Growth  Capital  Limited,
     Investor  Group  L.P.  and  Leeds  Equity  Partners  III,  L.P.  and  their
     respective  affiliates  under that certain  Secured  Line of Credit  Demand
     Promissory  Note dated April 30, 2002 in the original  principal  amount of
     $225,000 and that certain Secured Line of Credit Demand  Promissory Note in
     the original  principal amount of $100,000 dated March 28, 2002, as amended
     (collectively,  the "Secured Notes"), the aggregate  outstanding  principal
     amount of which is $920,000 at the date of this Agreement.

          The purchase  price shall be allocated for federal income tax purposes
as set forth on SCHEDULE 1.3(A).

          (b) ASSUMPTION OF LIABILITIES.  Except for obligations  from and after
the Closing Date under contracts assigned by Seller to Purchaser pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement and the obligations  under the Secured Notes  (following
receipt of each of the  consents  referenced  in SECTION  1.3(A)(I)),  Purchaser

                                       2
<PAGE>
shall not assume any other liabilities,  commitments or obligations of Seller in
connection  with  the  consummation  of the  transactions  contemplated  by this
Agreement, including, without limitation,  Seller's liabilities,  obligations or
commitments  for: (i) employee or independent  contractor  salaries,  wages,  or
bonuses,  payroll  taxes,  or  benefits  payable  to  employees  or  independent
contractors  retained by Seller; (ii) any liability based upon or arising out of
any tortious or wrongful actions related to Seller's Business occurring prior to
the Closing  Date;  (iii) any  liability for the payment of any taxes imposed by
law on Seller  arising from or by reason of the  operation of Seller's  Business
prior to the Closing Date or the  transactions  contemplated  by this Agreement;
nor (iv) any liability incurred or to be incurred pursuant to any claims,  suits
or actions  based on the  operation  of Seller's  Business  prior to the Closing
Date,  whether or not  pending or  threatened  against  Seller as of the Closing
Date.

     1.4  SUBSEQUENT  ACTIONS.  Seller will from time to time  subsequent to the
Closing Date, at Purchaser's request and without further consideration,  execute
and deliver such other instruments of conveyance,  assignment and transfer,  and
take such other actions,  as Purchaser may  reasonably  request in order to more
effectively  convey,  assign,  transfer to and vest in Purchaser  the  Purchased
Assets.

SECTION 2. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER.

     Seller hereby represents and warrants to Purchaser the following:

     2.1  CORPORATE  EXISTENCE;  GOOD  STANDING.  Seller is a  corporation  duly
organized,  validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of
California.  Seller  has all  necessary  corporate  powers to own the  Purchased
Assets  and to  carry  on  Seller's  Business  as  such  business  is now  being
conducted.  Seller is qualified to do business as a foreign  corporation in each
other state or jurisdiction  where  qualification is required in connection with
Seller's  Business,  which states or other  jurisdictions are listed on SCHEDULE
2.1  attached  hereto,  except  where  failure  to so  qualify  would not have a
material adverse effect.

     2.2 POWER AND AUTHORITY FOR TRANSACTIONS. Seller has the corporate power to
execute,  deliver  and  perform  this  Agreement  and all  agreements  and other
documents  executed  and  delivered  by it pursuant to this  Agreement  or to be
executed  and  delivered  by it on the  Closing  Date,  and has taken all action
required by law, its Articles of Incorporation, and its Bylaws, to authorize the
execution,   delivery  and  performance  of  this  Agreement  and  such  related
documents.  Seller  has the  legal  capacity  to  enter  into and  perform  this
Agreement  and the  other  agreements  to be  executed  and  delivered  by it in
connection  herewith.   Seller  has  obtained  the  necessary  approval  of  its
shareholders in order to consummate the transactions  contemplated  herein. This
Agreement and all agreements and documents  executed and delivered in connection
herewith  have  been,  or will be as of the  Closing  Date,  duly  executed  and
delivered by Seller,  and  constitute or will  constitute  the legal,  valid and
binding  obligations of Seller,  enforceable  against Seller in accordance  with
their  respective  terms,  except as may be  limited by  applicable  bankruptcy,
insolvency  or  similar  laws  affecting  creditors'  rights  generally  or  the
availability  of  equitable  remedies.   The  execution  and  delivery  of  this
Agreement,  and the agreements executed and delivered by Seller pursuant to this
Agreement or to be executed and delivered by Seller on the Closing Date, do not,
and the  consummation of the actions  contemplated  hereby will not, violate any
provision of the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of Seller or any provisions

                                       3
<PAGE>
of, or result in the acceleration  of, any obligation under any mortgage,  lien,
lease, agreement, rent, instrument, order, arbitration award, judgment or decree
to which Seller is a party or by which Seller is bound,  or violate any material
restrictions  of any kind to which  Seller is subject,  or result in any lien or
encumbrance on any of the Purchased Assets.

     2.3 PERMITS, LICENSES AND GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORIZATIONS. All permits material
licenses and other  governmental  authorizations  and  approvals  required to be
maintained  by Seller have been duly  obtained and are in full force and effect.
There are no  proceedings  pending or, to the  knowledge of Seller,  threatened,
which may result in the revocation,  cancellation or suspension,  or any adverse
modification, of any thereof.

     2.4  CORPORATE  RECORDS.  True  and  correct  copies  of  the  Articles  of
Incorporation  and  Bylaws  of  Seller  and all  amendments  thereto  have  been
delivered to Purchaser.

     2.5   CONSENTS.   Except  as  set  forth  in  SCHEDULE   2.5,  no  consent,
authorization,  permit, license or filing with any governmental  authority,  any
lender,  lessor,  any  manufacturer or supplier or any other person or entity is
required to  authorize,  or is  required  in  connection  with,  the  execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Seller.

     2.6 SELLER'S  FINANCIAL  INFORMATION.  Attached  hereto as SCHEDULE 2.6 are
Seller's  unaudited  financial  statements  at and for the  fiscal  year  ending
December  31,  2001 and  unaudited  financial  statements  at and for the period
ending May 31,  2002 (May 31, 2002 being  referred to herein as the  "Financials
Date")  reflecting  the results of the  operations  and  financial  condition of
Seller at and for the periods then ended which have been  prepared in accordance
with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles,   consistently  applied  (the
"Financial  Statements").  The Financial  Statements:  (i) fairly and accurately
present the financial  position of Seller as of the dates  indicated and present
the results of Seller's  operations for the periods then ended;  and (ii) are in
accordance  with the  books  and  records  of Seller  which  have been  properly
maintained and are complete and correct in all material respects.

     2.7 LEASES.  A list of all material  personal  property  leases pursuant to
which  Seller  leases,  as lessor or  lessee,  property  used in  operating  the
Purchased  Assets as of the date hereof is attached  as SCHEDULE  2.7.  All such
leases  listed are valid and  enforceable  in accordance  with their  respective
terms,  and there is not under any such lease any existing  material  default by
Seller,  as lessor or  lessee,  or any  condition  or event of which  Seller has
knowledge  which  with  notice or lapse of time,  or both,  would  constitute  a
default,  in respect of which Seller has not taken  adequate  steps to cure such
default or to prevent a default from occurring.

     2.8  CONDITION  OF  PURCHASED   ASSETS.   All  tangible   Purchased  Assets
transferred  to Purchaser  under this Agreement are in good condition and repair
subject to normal wear and tear.

     2.9 TITLE TO AND  ENCUMBRANCES  ON  PROPERTY.  Seller owns good,  valid and
marketable  title to all of the Purchased  Assets,  free and clear of any liens,
claims, charges, exceptions or encumbrances, except for those, if any, which are
set forth in SCHEDULE 2.9 attached hereto.

     2.10  INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY.  Set  forth  in  SCHEDULE  2.10 is a true and
correct  description  of the following  proprietary  rights owned by Seller (the
"Proprietary Rights"):  (i) all registered  trade-marks,  trade-names,  Internet

                                       4
<PAGE>
domain names, service marks and other trade designations, including applications
therefor, and (ii) all registered patents and copyrights, including applications
therefor,  currently  owned,  in whole or in part,  by Seller  with  respect  to
Seller's Business.  SCHEDULE 2.10 identifies, to the best of Seller's knowledge:
(i) all licenses,  royalties,  assignments and other similar agreements relating
to the Proprietary Rights to which Seller is a party (including  expiration date
if applicable);  and (ii) all agreements, other than end user license agreements
or other similar  agreements for the use of off the shelf software,  relating to
patents,  copyrights,  trademarks, trade names, service marks, computer programs
and other computer  software,  technology,  know-how or processes that Seller is
licensed or authorized to use by others (the "Third Party Rights"),  or which it
licenses or  authorizes  others to use.  Except as set forth in  SCHEDULE  2.10,
Seller owns or has the unrestricted  right to use all of its Proprietary  Rights
including its patents, patent applications,  trade-marks,  trade names, Internet
domain  names  or  URL's  including,  without  limitation,  www.Quisic.com,  its
computer programs and other computer software,  service marks and copyrights, if
any,  necessary  to conduct its  business  without  conflict  with the rights of
others.  Except as expressly set forth in the agreements listed on SCHEDULE 2.10
hereto,  Seller has the sole and exclusive right to use the  Proprietary  Rights
without  infringing  or  violating  the rights of any third  parties.  Except as
expressly set forth in the agreements listed on SCHEDULE 2.10 hereto, use of the
Proprietary  Rights and the Third  Party  Rights does not require the consent of
any other person and the Proprietary  Rights are freely  transferable.  No claim
has been  asserted to Seller by any person to the  ownership  of or right to use
any the  Proprietary  Right  or  challenging  or  questioning  the  validity  or
effectiveness of any license or agreement constituting a part of any Proprietary
Right,  and Seller does not know of any valid basis for any such claim.  Each of
the  Proprietary  Rights  is  valid  and  subsisting,  has not  been  cancelled,
abandoned or otherwise  terminated  and, if applicable,  has been duly issued or
filed.

     Seller has no  knowledge of any claim that,  or inquiry as to whether,  any
product,  activity or operation  of Seller  infringes  upon or involves,  or has
resulted in the  infringement  of, any proprietary  right of any other person or
other  entity;  and no  proceedings  have been  instituted,  are  pending or are
threatened  against  Seller that  challenge the rights of Seller with respect to
the  Proprietary  Rights,  the Third  Party  Rights or any  software or computer
program  used by  Seller  in its  ordinary  course of  business.  Seller  has no
knowledge of any claim that any current or former employee or consultant  claims
any interest in, or right to use, the Proprietary Rights, nor has any current or
former employee retained any interest in or to any of the Proprietary Rights.

     The  Proprietary  Rights,  the  Third  Party  Rights,  and any  technology,
know-how,  processes,  computer programs and other computer software  (including
any  copyrights   inhering   therein)  owned  by  Seller   constitute  the  only
intellectual  property used by Seller in the  operation of its  business,  other
than intellectual property used under off-the-shelf end user licenses.

     2.11 PAYROLL  INFORMATION;  EMPLOYEES.  Set forth on SCHEDULE 2.11 attached
hereto is a true and complete list, as of the date of this Agreement of: (a) the
name of each employee, consultant, or independent contractor that is employed by
Seller in connection with Seller's Business;  (b) the most recent payroll report
of Seller  related to  Seller's  Business,  showing  all the  current  levels of
compensation of all such employees,  consultants or independent contractors; (c)
promised   increases  in  compensation   for  such  employees,   consultants  or
independent   contractors;   (d)  oral  or  written  employment   agreements  or
independent  contractor  agreements (and all amendments thereto) to which Seller

                                       5
<PAGE>
is a party which require Seller to pay annual  compensation in excess of $75,000
in connection  with Seller's  Business,  copies of which have been  delivered to
Purchaser.  Seller has  previously  provided to Purchaser  access to or true and
accurate copies of all employee  manuals,  materials,  policies,  procedures and
work-related  rules To it knowledge,  Seller has not engaged in any unfair labor
practice. There are no unfair labor practice charges or complaints pending or to
the knowledge of Seller,  threatened against Seller, and Seller has never been a
party  to any  agreement  with  any  union,  labor  organization  or  collective
bargaining unit.

     2.12 LEGAL  PROCEEDINGS.  Other than as set forth on SCHEDULE 2.12, neither
Seller,  nor Seller's  Business,  nor any of the Purchased Assets are subject to
any  pending,  nor does Seller have  knowledge  of any  threatened,  litigation,
governmental investigation, condemnation or other proceeding against or relating
to or affecting Seller,  Seller's Business,  or any of the Purchased Assets, the
operations,  business or prospects  of Seller's  Business,  or the  transactions
contemplated  by this Agreement,  and, to the knowledge of Seller,  no basis for
any such action exists.

     2.13  CONTRACTS.  Seller has  delivered  to  Purchaser  true  copies of all
written,  and disclosed to Purchaser all material oral,  outstanding  contracts,
obligations   and   commitments   of  Seller   relating  to  Seller's   Business
("Contracts"),  all of which are listed or incorporated by reference to SCHEDULE
2.7  (in  the  case of  leases),  SCHEDULE  2.11  (in  the  case  of  employment
agreements)  and SCHEDULE 1.1(E) (in the case of Contracts other than leases and
employment  agreements ) attached hereto.  Except as otherwise indicated on such
Schedules,  all  of  such  Contracts  are  valid,  binding  and  enforceable  in
accordance  with their terms and are in full force and effect,  and no defenses,
offsets or counterclaims have been asserted or may be made by any party thereto.
Except as indicated on such Schedules,  there is not under any such Contract any
existing  default  by  Seller,  or any  condition  or event of which  Seller has
knowledge  which  with  notice or lapse of time,  or both,  would  constitute  a
default.  Except  as  indicated  on  SCHEDULE  2.5,  there is not under any such
Contract a requirement  that a party to such Contract  other than Seller consent
to the  assignment  of  such  Contract  to  Purchaser  in  connection  with  the
consummation of the transactions  contemplated by this Agreement.  Seller has no
knowledge  of any default by any other party to such  Contracts.  Seller has not
received  notice  of the  intention  of any party to any  Contract  to cancel or
terminate any Contract and Seller has no reason to believe that any amendment or
change to any Contract is  contemplated  by any party thereto.  Other than those
contracts,  obligations  and  commitments  of  Seller  listed on  SCHEDULE  2.7,
SCHEDULE 2.11 and SCHEDULE 1.1(E), Seller is not a party to any material written
or oral  agreement  contract,  lease or  arrangement  that relates in any way to
Seller's Business.

     2.14 SUBSEQUENT  EVENTS.  Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 2.14,  Seller has
not, in connection with Seller's Business, since the Financials Date:

          (a) Knowingly incurred any material obligation or liability (absolute,
accrued,  contingent or otherwise) or entered into any contract,  lease, license
or  commitment,  relating to Seller's  Business,  except in connection  with the
performance of this Agreement,  other than in the ordinary course of business or
knowingly incurred any indebtedness;

          (b)   Knowingly   discharged   or  satisfied   any  material  lien  or
encumbrance,  or paid or  satisfied  any  material  obligation  or  liability in
connection with Seller's Business (absolute,  accrued,  contingent or otherwise)

                                       6
<PAGE>
other than (i) liabilities  shown or reflected on Seller's  balance sheet at the
Financials  Date (the "Balance  Sheet") or (ii)  liabilities  incurred since the
Financials Date in the ordinary course of business;

          (c) Lost or terminated any employee,  customer or supplier of Seller's
Business,  that has,  individually or in the aggregate,  had a material  adverse
effect on its business;

          (d)  Mortgaged,  pledged  or  subjected  to any lien,  charge or other
encumbrance any of the Purchased Assets;

          (e)  Sold or  contracted  to  sell or  transferred  or  contracted  to
transfer any of the Purchased  Assets used in the conduct of Seller's  Business,
or  canceled  any debts or claims or waived any rights,  except in the  ordinary
course of business;

          (f) Except in the  ordinary  course of business  consistent  with past
practices,  granted any increase in the rates of pay of  employees,  independent
contractors or agents whose employment relates to Seller's Business, or by means
of any bonus or  pension  plan,  contract  or other  commitment,  increased  the
compensation of such person;

          (g) Authorized or incurred any capital  expenditures in excess of Five
Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($5,000.00) relating to Seller's Business;

          (h) Except for this  Agreement and any other  agreements  executed and
delivered  pursuant to this  Agreement,  entered into any  material  transaction
related to Seller's  Business  other than in the ordinary  course of business or
permitted hereunder;

          (i) Experienced damage, destruction or loss (whether or not covered by
insurance)  materially and adversely affecting Seller's Business, or experienced
any other material adverse change in the financial condition,  Purchased Assets,
prospects, or liabilities of Seller's Business;

          (j) Suffered any material adverse change related to Seller's  Business
or to the Purchased Assets.

     2.15  TAXES.  Seller has filed all tax returns  (including  tax reports and
other  statements)  required  to be filed by it, and made all  payments of taxes
(including any interest, penalty or addition thereto) required to be made by it,
on or before the date of this Agreement,  with respect to income taxes, real and
personal property taxes, sales taxes, use taxes,  employment taxes, excise taxes
and other taxes.  All such tax returns are complete and accurate in all respects
and properly reflect the relevant taxes for the periods covered thereby.  Except
as would not  reasonably  be expected to have a material  adverse  effect on the
business or operations of Seller,  Seller has no tax liability,  except for real
and personal  property  taxes for the current period not yet due and payable and
sales, use, employment and similar taxes for periods as to which such taxes have
not yet become due and payable.  Seller has not received any notice that any tax
deficiency  or  delinquency  has  been  asserted  against  Seller.  To  Seller's
knowledge,  there are no audits relating to taxes of Seller threatened,  pending
or in process.  Seller is not  currently  the  beneficiary  of any waiver of any
statute of  limitations  in respect of taxes nor of any extension of time within
which to file any tax return or to pay any tax assessment or  deficiency.  There
are no liens or encumbrances  relating to taxes on or threatened  against any of

                                       7
<PAGE>
the Purchased Assets.  To its knowledge,  Seller has withheld and paid all taxes
required by law to have been  withheld and paid by it.  Seller has  delivered to
Purchaser  correct and complete  copies of Seller's  three most  recently  filed
annual  state and federal  income tax  returns,  together  with all  examination
reports and statements of deficiencies  assessed  against or agreed to by Seller
during the three (3) calendar year period preceding the date of this Agreement.

     2.16 LIABILITIES;  DEBT. Except to the extent reflected or reserved against
on the  Balance  Sheet or as  otherwise  disclosed  herein  or on the  Schedules
hereto,  Seller did not have, as of the  Financials  Date,  and has not incurred
since  that  date and  will  not  have  incurred  as of the  Closing  Date,  any
liabilities or obligations of any nature, whether accrued, absolute,  contingent
or otherwise,  and whether due or to become due,  related to Seller's  Business,
other than those  incurred  in the  ordinary  course of business or as would not
reasonably  be expected  to have a material  adverse  effect on the  business or
operations  of Seller.  Seller does not know,  or have  grounds to know,  of any
basis  for the  assertion  against  Seller  as of the  Financials  Date,  of any
material claim or liability of any nature,  related to Seller's  Business in any
amount not fully  reflected or reserved  against on the Balance Sheet, or of any
claim or  liability  of any  nature  arising  since  that date  other than those
incurred in the ordinary  course of business or  contemplated by this Agreement.
All  indebtedness  of Seller  related to Seller's  Business  (including  without
limitation,  indebtedness  for  borrowed  money,  guaranties  and capital  lease
obligations) is described on SCHEDULE 2.16 attached hereto.

     2.17 INSURANCE  POLICIES.  Seller  carries  property,  liability,  workers'
compensation  and  such  other  types  of  insurance  ,  with  coverage  amounts
comparable to companies  engaged in similar  businesses and similarly  situated.
Valid and enforceable policies are outstanding and duly in force and will remain
duly in force through the Closing Date. True and correct copies of such policies
have been  delivered  to  Purchaser.  Seller  has not  received  notice or other
communication from the issuer of any such insurance policy canceling or amending
such  policy  or  threatening  to do so.  Seller  does not have any  outstanding
claims, settlements or premiums owed against any insurance policy.

     2.18 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS.  Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 2.18 attached
hereto,  Seller has not  established,  nor  maintains,  nor is obligated to make
contributions  to or under or otherwise  participate in, with regard to Seller's
Business,  (a) any  bonus or other  type of  compensation  or  employment  plan,
program, agreement, policy, commitment,  contract or arrangement (whether or not
set forth in a written document); (b) any pension, profit-sharing, retirement or
other plan, program or arrangement; or (c) any other employee benefit plan, fund
or program,  including,  but not limited to, those  described in Section 3(3) of
the Employee  Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA").  All
such plans listed on SCHEDULE  2.18 have been operated and  administered  in all
material respects in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations,
including  without  limitation,  ERISA,  the Internal  Revenue Code of 1986,  as
amended,  Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964,  as amended,  the Equal Pay
Act of 1967, as amended,  the Age  Discrimination  in Employment Act of 1967, as
amended, and the related rules and regulations adopted by those federal agencies
responsible for the administration of such laws.

                                       8
<PAGE>
     2.19 COMPLIANCE  WITH LAWS IN GENERAL.  Seller has complied in all material
respects  with  all   applicable   laws,   rules,   regulations   and  licensing
requirements,   including,   without  limitation,   the  Federal   Environmental
Protection  Act,  the  Occupational  Safety and Health Act, the  Americans  with
Disabilities Act and any  environmental  laws Seller has not received any notice
of a violation of any federal,  state and local laws, regulations and ordinances
relating to the operations of the business and Purchased Assets and no notice of
any pending inspection or violation of any such law, regulation or ordinance has
been received by Seller.

     2.20 NO UNTRUE REPRESENTATIONS.  No representation or warranty by Seller in
this  Agreement,  and no  Exhibit  or  certificate  issued  or  executed  by, or
information  furnished  by,  executive  officers  or  directors  of  Seller  and
furnished or to be furnished to Purchaser pursuant hereto, or in connection with
the  transactions  contemplated  hereby,  contains  or will  contain  any untrue
statement  of a material  fact,  or omits or will omit to state a material  fact
necessary to make the statements or facts contained therein not misleading.

     2.21 CUSTOMERS.  Set forth in SCHEDULE 2.21 is a complete and accurate list
of the ten (10) largest customers of Seller's Business in terms of dollar volume
of  transactions  for the last fiscal year and the current  fiscal year to date,
showing,  with respect to each, the name, address and aggregate dollar volume of
business from such customer.

     2.22 BROKERS AND FINDERS.  Neither Seller,  nor any shareholder,  director,
officer,  employee  or agent of  Seller  has  retained  any  broker or finder in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

     2.23  WEBSITE  CONTENT.  To the  knowledge  of Seller,  the  www.Quisic.com
website  does not contain any content  that is obscene or would cause  damage to
the  reputation of Seller,  or is  defamatory  or libelous  toward any person or
entity;  or contains viruses or other computer  programs that could cause damage
to Seller's or an end user's computer or data.

SECTION 3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER.

     Purchaser represents and warrants to Seller the following:

     3.1 CORPORATE  EXISTENCE:  GOOD STANDING.  Purchaser is a corporation  duly
organized  and  existing  and in good  standing  under  the laws of the State of
Delaware.

     3.2 POWER AND AUTHORITY.  Purchaser has corporate power to execute, deliver
and perform this Agreement and all agreements and other  documents  executed and
delivered by it pursuant to this  Agreement  or to be executed and  delivered on
the Closing Date, and has taken all actions  required by law, its Certificate of
Incorporation, its Bylaws or otherwise, to authorize the execution, delivery and
performance  of this  Agreement  and such related  documents.  Purchaser has the
legal capacity to enter into and perform this Agreement and the other agreements
to be executed and delivered by it in connection  herewith.  This  Agreement and
all agreements and documents executed and delivered in connection  herewith have
been  or  will  be as of the  Closing  Date,  duly  executed  and  delivered  by
Purchaser,  and  constitute or will  constitute  the legal,  valid,  and binding
obligations of Purchaser  enforceable against Purchaser in accordance with their
respective terms, except as may be limited by applicable bankruptcy,  insolvency
or similar laws affecting  creditors'  rights  generally or the  availability of
equitable  remedies.  The  execution  and  delivery  of this  Agreement  and the

                                       9
<PAGE>
agreements  related hereto executed and delivered  pursuant to this Agreement or
to be executed  and  delivered  on the Closing  Date do not and,  subject to the
receipt of consents to assignments of leases and other  contracts where required
and the receipt of regulatory approvals where required,  the consummation of the
transactions  contemplated  hereby  will  not,  violate  any  provision  of  the
Certificate  of  Incorporation  or Bylaws of Purchaser or any  provisions of, or
result in the acceleration of, any obligation under any mortgage,  lien,  lease,
agreement  instrument,  order,  arbitration  award,  judgment or decree to which
Purchaser is a party or by which it is bound, or violate any restrictions of any
kind to which Purchaser is subject.

     3.3 BROKERS AND FINDERS.  Neither  Purchaser,  nor any of its shareholders,
directors,  officers,  employees  or agents has retained any broker or finder in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

SECTION 4. COVENANTS OF SELLER.

     Seller  agrees that  between the date hereof and the Closing  Date,  Seller
shall  use its  best  efforts  to cause  the  consummation  of the  transactions
contemplated hereby in accordance with their terms and conditions. Seller shall,
within two (2) weeks)  following the Closing,  provide  Purchaser with copies of
the audited financial statements of Seller for the years ended December 31, 2001
and December 31, 2000, the fee for which Seller has already paid in full.

SECTION 5. COVENANTS OF PURCHASER.

     Purchaser  agrees  that  between  the date  hereof  and the  Closing  Date,
Purchaser  shall  use  its  best  efforts  to  cause  the  consummation  of  the
transactions contemplated hereby in accordance with its terms and provisions.

SECTION 6. PURCHASER'S CONDITIONS PRECEDENT.

     The  obligations of Purchaser  hereunder are subject to the  fulfillment or
waiver of each of the  following  conditions  upon the earliest to occur of June
14, 2002 or the Closing Date:

     6.1 REPRESENTATIONS  AND WARRANTIES.  The representations and warranties of
Seller  contained  herein  shall  have been  true and  correct  in all  material
respects  when  initially  made and shall be true and  correct  in all  material
respects as of the Closing Date.

     6.2 COVENANTS AND CONDITIONS. Seller shall have performed and complied with
all  covenants  and  conditions  required by this  Agreement to be performed and
complied with by Seller prior to the Closing Date.

     6.3  PROCEEDINGS.   No  action,   proceeding  or  order  by  any  court  or
governmental  body shall have been  threatened  orally or in writing,  asserted,
instituted  or  entered  to  restrain  or  prohibit  the  carrying  out  of  the
transactions  contemplated hereby and no bankruptcy  proceeding involving Seller
shall have commenced.

     6.4 CLOSING DELIVERIES.  Purchaser shall have received all documents,  duly
executed in a form  satisfactory  to Purchaser  and its counsel,  referred to in
SECTION 8.1.

                                       10
<PAGE>
     6.5  CONSENTS  AND  APPROVALS.   Seller  shall  have  obtained  third-party
approvals and consents to the consummation of the transactions  contained herein
that are listed on SCHEDULE 6.5 on terms and conditions reasonably  satisfactory
to Purchaser.

     6.6 APPROVAL BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS. This Agreement and the transactions
contemplated  hereby  shall have been  approved  by the Board of  Directors  and
shareholders of Purchaser.

     6.7 DUE  DILIGENCE  REVIEW.  By the  Closing  Date,  Purchaser  shall  have
completed a due diligence review of Seller's Business,  and its legal, financial
and operating  condition,  including its  financial  statements,  the results of
which shall be satisfactory to Purchaser in its sole discretion.

     6.8 NO MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE. Except as provided in the Schedules hereto,
no  material   adverse  change  in  the  condition   (financial  or  otherwise),
operations,  liabilities,  business or prospects of Seller  relating to Seller's
Business or in the condition of the Purchased  Assets shall have occurred  since
the Financials Date.

     6.9 EMPLOYEES OF SELLER.

          (a)  As  of  the  Closing  Date,  Seller  shall  have  terminated  all
employees,  consultants and independent  contractors  identified on SCHEDULE 6.9
and Seller shall have presented  Purchaser written evidence  satisfactory to the
Purchaser  of  satisfaction   by  Seller  of  all  accrued   vacation  or  other
compensation  claims payable to the employees  listed on SCHEDULE 6.9 ("Employee
Releases").

     6.10 LIEN  TERMINATION.  Seller shall have  delivered  to  Purchaser  UCC-3
Amendment  Statements  (the  "Amendment   Statements")  with  respect  to  UCC-1
Financing  Statements  filed by Investor  Growth  Capital  Limited and  Investor
Group, L.P. (collectively,  "IGC") and Leeds Equity Partners III, L.P. ("Leeds")
releasing  all liens held by IGC and Leeds in the  Purchased  Assets (other than
rights to payment  under the PBS  Contract  and rights to payment  under the ELT
Contract) or written authorization from such entities authorizing Seller to file
the Amendment Statements.  Following Closing,  Seller shall use its best efforts
to  obtain  authorization  to file  UCC-3  Termination  Statements  from  Arthur
Andersen, LLP ("Andersen") releasing all liens held by Andersen in the Purchased
Assets.  Such "best efforts" shall include (to the extent that revised Article 9
of the Uniform  Commercial Code has been adopted in the  jurisdictions  in which
Andersen  has filed  financing  statements  related  to the  Purchased  Assets),
delivery by Seller to  Andersen  on or before June 20, 2002 of an  authenticated
demand to have  termination  statements  filed related to the  Purchased  Assets
pursuant to Section  9-509(d)(2) of the Uniform Commercial Code and, if Andersen
fails  to  so  file  or  send  UCC-3  Termination  Statements  (as  required  by
subdivision (a) or (c) of Section 9-513 of the Uniform Commercial Code),  Seller
shall  file  UCC-3  Termination   Statements,   as  contemplated  under  Section
9-509(d)(2) of the Uniform Commercial Code.

     6.11 REAL PROPERTY.  Purchaser shall have made on terms satisfactory to it,
arrangements to use the premises leased by Seller on a month-to-month basis.

                                       11
<PAGE>
     6.12  PREPAYMENTS  STATEMENTS.  Seller shall have  delivered to Purchaser a
statement  setting  forth all customer  prepayments  and deposits made to Seller
(the "Prepayments Statement").

SECTION 7. SELLER CONDITIONS PRECEDENT.

     The  obligations  of Seller  hereunder  are subject to the  fulfillment  or
waiver of each of the  following  conditions  upon the earliest to occur of June
14, 2002 or the Closing Date:

     7.1 REPRESENTATIONS  AND WARRANTIES.  The representations and warranties of
Purchaser  contained  herein  shall have been true and  correct in all  material
respects  when  initially  made and shall be true and  correct  in all  material
respects as of the Closing Date.

     7.2 COVENANTS AND  CONDITIONS.  Purchaser shall have performed and complied
with all covenants and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed and
complied with by Purchaser prior to the Closing Date.

     7.3  PROCEEDINGS.   No  action,   proceeding  or  order  by  any  court  or
governmental  body shall have been  threatened  orally or in writing,  asserted,
instituted  or  entered  to  restrain  or  prohibit  the  carrying  out  of  the
transactions contemplated hereby.

     7.4 CLOSING  DELIVERIES.  Seller shall have  received all  documents,  duly
executed in form satisfactory to Seller and its counsel,  referred to in SECTION
8.2.

     7.5  EMPLOYEES  OF SELLER.  On the  Closing  Date,  Purchaser  shall  offer
employment  to  substantially  all of the employees of Seller listed on SCHEDULE
6.9,  and, in  connection  therewith  shall  provide each such employee with the
opportunity  to take unpaid leave from Seller with respect to those  accrued and
unused  vacation  days for which such  employee was paid upon  termination  from
Seller.

     7.6  CONSENTS AND  APPROVALS.  Seller  shall have  obtained  all  necessary
government and other  third-party  approvals and consents to the consummation of
the  transactions  contained herein that are listed on SCHEDULE 6.5 on terms and
conditions reasonably satisfactory to Purchaser.

SECTION 8. CLOSING DELIVERIES.

     8.1 DELIVERIES OF SELLER. At the Closing, Seller shall deliver to Purchaser
the  following,  all of which  shall be in a form  satisfactory  to  counsel  to
Purchaser:

          (a) a copy of the  resolutions  of the Board of  Directors  and of the
shareholders of Seller  authorizing  the execution,  delivery and performance of
this Agreement and all related documents and agreements to be executed by Seller
in connection therewith;

          (b) a  certificate  of the  Secretary of Seller  certifying  as to the
incumbency  of the  directors  and  officers  of  Seller,  certifying  as to the
signatures of such directors and officers who have executed documents  delivered
at the  Closing on behalf of  Seller,  and  certifying  that  certain  documents
provided to Purchaser,  including  Seller's Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws
and the  resolutions  referred to in subsection (a) above,  are true and correct
copies of the originals thereof;

                                       12
<PAGE>
          (c) a certificate of the President of Seller,  dated as of the Closing
Date, as to (i) the truth and correctness of the  representations and warranties
of Seller  contained  herein;  (ii) the  performance of and compliance by Seller
with  all  covenants  contained  herein;  and  (iii)  the  satisfaction  of  all
conditions precedent of Seller contained herein;

          (d) a certificate,  dated within ten (10) days of the Closing Date, of
the  Secretary  of the  State  of  California  establishing  that  Seller  is in
existence  and  is in  good  standing  to  transact  business  in its  state  of
incorporation;

          (e) an opinion of counsel to Seller  opining as to the  execution  and
delivery of this Agreement and the other documents and agreements to be executed
pursuant hereto,  the good standing and authority of Seller,  the enforceability
of this  Agreement  and the other  agreements  and  documents  to be executed in
connection herewith, and other matters reasonably requested by Purchaser;

          (f) a Bill of Sale executed by Seller in the form of EXHIBIT A;

          (g) an Assignment and Assumption  Agreement  executed by Seller in the
form of EXHIBIT B (the "Assignment and Assumption Agreement");

          (h) all  authorizations,  consents,  approvals,  permits and  licenses
referred to in SECTION 6.5;

          (i) the Amendment Statements executed by IGC and Leeds;

          (j) an  Assignment  of  Trademarks  executed  by Seller in the form of
EXHIBIT C;

          (k) the Employee Releases;

          (l) the Prepayments Statements; and

          (m) such other  instruments  and documents as reasonably  requested by
Purchaser to carry out and effect the purpose and intent of this Agreement.

     8.2  DELIVERIES OF PURCHASER.  At the Closing,  Purchaser  shall deliver to
Seller the following, all of which shall be in a form satisfactory to counsel to
Seller:

          (a) Cash by wire transfer of Three  Hundred  Twenty  Thousand  Dollars
($320,000);

          (b) a copy of the  resolutions  of the Board of Directors of Purchaser
(or a committee  thereof if within the authority of such committee)  authorizing
the  execution,  delivery  and  performance  of this  Agreement  and all related
documents and  agreements  each certified by the Secretary of Purchaser as being
true and correct copies of the original thereof;

                                       13
<PAGE>
          (c) a certificate  of the Chief  Executive  Officer of Purchaser as of
the Closing Date, as to (i) the truth and correctness of the representations and
warranties of Purchaser contained herein; (ii) the performance of and compliance
by Purchaser with all covenants  contained herein; and (iii) the satisfaction of
all conditions precedent of Purchaser contained herein;

          (d) a certificate  of the Secretary of Purchaser  certifying as to the
incumbency of the  directors and officers of Purchaser and as to the  signatures
of such  directors  and officers who have  executed  documents  delivered at the
Closing on behalf of Purchaser;

          (e)  certificates,  dated within ten (10) days of the Closing Date, of
the Secretary of the State of Delaware and Arizona  establishing  that Purchaser
is in existence  and is in good  standing to transact  business in the States of
Delaware and Arizona;

          (f) an opinion of counsel to Purchaser opining as to the execution and
delivery of this Agreement and the other documents and agreements to be executed
pursuant   hereto,   the  good  standing  and   authority  of   Purchaser,   the
enforceability  of this  Agreement and the other  agreements and documents to be
executed in  connection  herewith,  and other  matters  reasonably  requested by
Seller;

          (g) the Assignment and Assumption Agreement executed by Purchaser;

          (h) such other  instruments  and documents as reasonably  requested by
Seller to carry out and effect the purpose and intent of this Agreement.

SECTION 9. NATURE AND SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.

     All  representations  and  warranties  in  this  Agreement,  including  any
certificate  or Schedule  made a part thereof or Exhibit  delivered  pursuant to
this Agreement,  shall survive the Closing and continue in full force and effect
until the first  anniversary  of the  Closing  Date  (referred  to herein as the
"Termination  Date").  Notwithstanding the foregoing,  the provisions of SECTION
2.15 shall  continue for six (6) months after the  expiration of the  applicable
statute of limitations for assessment of additional taxes.

     9.1 EFFECT OF  INVESTIGATION.  No  investigation  or inquiry made by either
party shall, regardless of the Closing of the transactions  contemplated hereby,
affect or limit any representation or warranty made by the other party or in any
Schedule   delivered   by  any  of  them   pursuant   hereto  or  any  right  of
indemnification contained in this Agreement.

SECTION 10. TERMINATION.

     This Agreement may be terminated:

          (a) at any time prior to the Closing  Date by Purchaser by delivery by
Purchaser  of written  notice to Seller if any  representation  or  warranty  of
Seller  contained in this  Agreement  or in any  certificate  or other  document
executed and delivered by Seller pursuant to this Agreement is or becomes untrue
or breached in any material respect or if Seller fails to comply in any material
respect with any covenant or agreement contained herein;

                                       14
<PAGE>
          (b) at any time prior to the  Closing  Date by Seller by  delivery  of
written  notice to  Purchaser  if any  representation  or warranty of  Purchaser
contained in this Agreement or in any certificate or other document executed and
delivered  by  Purchaser  pursuant  to this  Agreement  is or becomes  untrue or
breached in any material respect or if Purchaser fails to comply in any material
respect with any covenant or agreement contained herein;

          (c) by  Purchaser  by  delivery  of  written  notice  to Seller if the
transactions  contemplated  hereby shall not have been  consummated  by July 31,
2002; or

          (d) by Seller by  delivery  of  written  notice  to  Purchaser  if the
transactions  contemplated  hereby shall not have been  consummated  by July 31,
2002.

SECTION 11. MISCELLANEOUS.

     11.1 NOTICES.

     If to Purchaser:

                      EDT Learning, Inc.
                      2999 N. 44th St., Suite 650
                      Phoenix, Arizona 85018-7273
                      Attention: James L. Dunn, Jr.
                      Phone: 602-952-1200

     With a Copy to:

                      Jackson Walker L.L.P.
                      901 Main Street
                      Suite 6000
                      Dallas, Texas 75202
                      Attention: James S. Ryan, III
                      Phone: 214-953-5801

     If to Seller:

                      Quisic Corporation
                      6255 Sunset Blvd., Suite 801
                      Los Angeles, California 90028
                      Attention: President
                      Phone: _____________

     With a Copy to:

                      Shaw Pittman LLP
                      2029 Century Park East
                      Los Angeles, California 90067-2914
                      Attention: Eric A. Klein, Esq.
                      Phone: 310-551-4500

                                       15
<PAGE>
     Or such other  address as shall be furnished in writing by any party to the
other party. All such notices shall be considered  received:  (a) if transmitted
by certified mail, return receipt requested,  with proper postage prepaid,  upon
the fifth (5th)  business day after  mailing;  (b) if  transmitted  by overnight
carrier,  on the next business day; and (c) if transmitted by personal delivery,
upon receipt.

     11.2  SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS.  This Agreement  shall not be assignable,  by
operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of all parties.
Subject to the  foregoing,  this  Agreement  shall  inure to the  benefit of, be
enforceable by and be binding upon the parties,  their  successors and permitted
assigns.

     11.3  ENTIRE  AGREEMENT.  This  Agreement  and  the  Exhibits,   Schedules,
certificates  and other  documents  delivered  pursuant  hereto or  incorporated
herein by  reference,  contain and  constitute  the entire  agreement  among the
parties  and  supersede  and  cancel  any  prior  agreements,   representations,
warranties,  or  communications,  whether  oral or  written,  among the  parties
relating  to the  transactions  contemplated  by this  Agreement.  Neither  this
Agreement  nor any  provision  hereof  may be  changed,  waived,  discharged  or
terminated  orally,  but only by an  agreement  in  writing  signed by the party
against  whom or which the  enforcement  of such  change,  waiver,  discharge or
termination is sought.

     11.4 GOVERNING LAW;  SEVERABILITY.  This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in  accordance  with the laws of the State of Arizona  without  giving
effect to the principles of conflicts of law thereof,  provided,  however,  that
the laws of the respective jurisdictions of incorporation of each of the parties
shall govern the relative rights, obligations, powers, duties and other internal
affairs of such party and its board of directors.

     11.5  SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS.  All Schedules and Exhibits  attached to this
Agreement are by reference made a part hereof.

     11.6 WAIVERS.  No failure on the part of any party hereto to exercise,  and
no delay in  exercising,  any right,  power or remedy  created  hereunder  shall
operate as a waiver  thereof,  nor shall any single or partial  exercise  of any
right,  power or remedy by any such party preclude any other or further exercise
thereof or the  exercise of any other right,  power or remedy.  No waiver by any
party  hereto  of any  breach of or  default  in any term or  condition  of this
Agreement shall constitute a waiver of or assent to any succeeding  breach of or
default in the same or any other term or condition hereof.

     11.7 HEADINGS.  The headings  contained in this Agreement are for reference
purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or  interpretation  of
this Agreement.

     11.8  COUNTERPARTS.   This  Agreement  may  be  executed  in  two  or  more
counterparts,  each of  which  shall be  deemed  an  original,  but all of which
together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

     11.9 CONFIDENTIALITY.  The parties agree that they will not make any public
comment, statement,  communication or disclosure about the existence or contents
of this Agreement or activities relating to the consummation of the transactions
contemplated  herein without prior approval of the other party, except as may be
required by law, as may be necessary to obtain the required consents,  licenses,
permits or approvals  pursuant to SECTION 2.5 herein,  or as may be necessary in
the ordinary course of business.

                                       16
<PAGE>
     11.10 EXPENSES.  Each party will be responsible for payment of all fees and
expenses  incurred  by that  party in  connection  with this  Agreement  and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby regardless of whether this
Agreement is terminated  without  consummation of the  transaction  contemplated
hereby.

     11.11 NO THIRD PARTY  BENEFICIARIES.  Nothing  contained in this  Agreement
(express or implied) is intended or shall be construed to confer upon or give to
any person, corporation or other entity, other than the parties hereto and their
permitted  successors or assigns,  any rights or remedies  under or by reason of
this Agreement.

     11.12 FURTHER  ASSURANCES.  Each party hereby agrees to perform any further
acts and to execute and deliver any documents which may be reasonably  necessary
to carry out the provisions of this Agreement.

                         [SIGNATURES ON FOLLOWING PAGE]

                                       17
<PAGE>
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the parties have executed this Agreement as of the day
and year first above written.


EDT LEARNING, INC.                      QUISIC CORPORATION


By: /s/ James M. Powers, Jr.            By: /s/ Peter Wash
    --------------------------------        ------------------------------------
Name: James M. Powers, Jr.              Its: Peter Wash
      ------------------------------         -----------------------------------
Title: CEO                              Title: Vice President
       -----------------------------           ---------------------------------

                                       18
<PAGE>
                                INDEX TO EXHIBITS

EXHIBIT      DESCRIPTION
-------      -----------
A            Bill of Sale
B            Assignment and Assumption Agreement
C            Assignment of Trademarks

                                       19
<PAGE>
                               INDEX TO SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE     DESCRIPTION
--------     -----------
1.1(a)       Equipment
1.1(c)       Trade Names
1.1(d)       Accounts and Notes Receivable
1.1(e)       Contracts
1.2          Excluded Assets
1.3(a)       Purchase Price Allocation
2.1          Jurisdictions of Qualification
2.5          Required Consents of Seller
2.6          Seller's Financial Information
2.7          Leases
2.9          Title to and Encumbrances on Property
2.10         Intellectual Property
2.11         Payroll Information; Seller's Employees and Independent Contractors
2.12         Legal Proceedings
2.14         Subsequent Events
2.16         Seller's Liabilities Related to Seller's Business
2.18         Seller's Employee Benefits Plans
2.21         Seller's Customers
6.5          Consents and Approvals
6.9          Employees of Seller

                                       20
<PAGE>








                        COMMON STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT








<PAGE>
                         COMMON STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

     This Common Stock Purchase Agreement (this "Agreement") is made and entered
into this 14th day of June, 2002, by and between EDT Learning,  Inc., a Delaware
corporation  ("EDT"),  Investor Growth Capital Limited,  a Guernsey  corporation
("IGCLTD") and Investor Group,  L.P., a Guernsey limited  partnership  ("IGCLP")
(IGCLTD AND IGCLP  collectively  referred to herein as IGC"),  and Leeds  Equity
Partners III, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership ("Leeds").  IGC and Leeds are
collectively referred to herein as "Purchasers."

                                 R E C I T A L S

     WHEREAS,  EDT has authorized  the sale of 2,500,000  shares of EDT's Common
Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the "Shares") to Purchasers,  pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement; and

     WHEREAS,  each Purchaser desires to purchase the number of Shares set forth
opposite  such  Purchaser's  name on EXHIBIT A attached  hereto on the terms and
conditions set forth herein; and

     WHEREAS,  contemporaneously  with and as a condition to the consummation of
the  transactions  contemplated  by this  Agreement,  EDT will purchase  certain
assets  and assume  certain  liabilities  of Quisic  Corporation,  a  California
corporation  ("Quisic"),  pursuant to that certain Asset  Purchase  Agreement of
even date herewith between EDT and Quisic (the "Asset Purchase Agreement"); and

     WHEREAS,  each of  Purchasers  is a  shareholder  and  secured  creditor of
Quisic.

     NOW  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the mutual  promises  and  covenants
contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration,  the receipt and
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged,  the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:

1.   SALE AND PURCHASE.

     (a) The  consummation  of the  transactions  contemplated by this Agreement
(the "Closing") will occur on June 17, 2002 (the "Closing Date"), unless another
date (as  soon as  practical  following  the  execution  of this  Agreement)  is
mutually  agreed  upon by EDT and each  Purchaser  in  writing  on the terms and
conditions set forth herein

     (b) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof,  effective the Closing Date
EDT  agrees to issue and sell to each  Purchaser  the number of Shares set forth
opposite such Purchaser's name on EXHIBIT A in consideration of the following:

          (i) the payment by  Purchasers to EDT of an aggregate of Three Hundred
     Twenty Thousand Dollars  ($320,000) in cash (the "Cash  Consideration")  at
     Closing,  each  Purchaser  paying the amount set forth opposite its name on
     EXHIBIT A;
<PAGE>
          (ii) Purchasers'  agreement as set forth in SECTION 4.1 hereof to vote
     (as shareholders of Quisic) to approve the transactions contemplated by the
     Asset Purchase Agreement;

          (iii) Purchasers' agreement to be bound by the terms and provisions of
     SECTION 9.2 of this Agreement; and

          (iv)  Purchasers'  agreement  as set forth in  SECTION  4.2  hereof to
     release all liens held by them in the assets and property of Quisic  (other
     than rights to payment under Course  Licensing and  Distribution  Agreement
     dated July 5, 2001 between Quisic and the Public Broadcasting  Systems (the
     "PBS Contract") and the  Distribution  Agreement dated July 7, 1999 between
     Quisic  and   Employment   Law  Training,   Inc.   (the  "ELT   Contract"))
     contemporaneously with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
     the Asset Purchase Agreement.

     (c) At Closing,  EDT shall  deliver to (i)  Purchasers  stock  certificates
representing an aggregate of 1,500,000 Shares, each Purchaser to receive a stock
certificate  representing  the number of Shares  designated as "Closing  Shares"
opposite its name on EXHIBIT A to this Agreement and (ii) the escrow agent named
in the Escrow  Agreement in the form  attached  hereto as EXHIBIT B (the "Escrow
Agreement")  stock  certificates  representing an aggregate of 1,000,000  Shares
(the "Escrow Shares"),  such stock  certificates being in the individual amounts
set forth opposite each Purchaser's name on EXHIBIT A.

     (d) As further  described  in the Escrow  Agreement,  (i) all of the Escrow
Shares  shall be  subject  to return  to EDT to  satisfy  Purchasers'  indemnity
obligations  hereunder  and (ii) Five Hundred  Thousand  (500,000) of the Escrow
Shares will be released  from escrow and  delivered  to  Purchasers  only if EDT
receives cash  collections  during the twelve (12) months  following the Closing
Date of at least  $2,000,000  in the  aggregate  from UAL Corp.,  Siemens AG and
Hewlett-Packard Company and their affiliates and successors.  EDT will structure
its business with such customers and diligently  pursue such cash collections in
the normal course of business and not in order to avoid release of Escrow Shares
to the  Purchasers.  In connection  with its receipt of Shares  pursuant to this
Agreement,  each  Purchaser  shall be required to execute an agreement  with EDT
(the "Lock-Up  Agreement")  pursuant to which each  Purchaser  will agree not to
sell or  transfer  the  Shares  received  by it  pursuant  to the  terms of this
Agreement for a period of one (1) year from the Closing Date.  Each  certificate
representing  Shares issued  pursuant to the terms of this Agreement  shall bear
the following legend:

     "THE SHARES  REPRESENTED  BY THIS  CERTIFICATE  HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR
     INVESTMENT  AND HAVE NOT BEEN  REGISTERED  UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF
     1933,  AS  AMENDED.   FURTHERMORE,  THE  SHARES  REPRESENTED  BY  THIS
     CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO A LOCK-UP AGREEMENT WITH THE COMPANY.  SUCH
     SHARES MAY NOT BE SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH
     REGISTRATION WITHOUT AN EXEMPTION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS
     AMENDED,  OR AN OPINION OF LEGAL COUNSEL REASONABLY  ACCEPTABLE TO THE
     COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED, AND MAY BE TRANSFERRED
     ONLY IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE LOCK-UP AGREEMENT."

                                     2
<PAGE>
2.   REPRESENTATIONS  AND  WARRANTIES  OF  PURCHASERS.   Each  Purchaser  hereby
severally,  but not jointly,  represents  and warrants  (with  respect to itself
only) to EDT as follows:

     2.1 REQUISITE  POWER AND AUTHORITY.  Purchaser has all necessary  power and
authority under all applicable provisions of law to execute, deliver and perform
its obligations under this Agreement and to carry out its provisions. All action
on  Purchasers'  part  required  for the lawful  execution  and delivery of this
Agreement by Purchaser has been or will be taken prior to the Closing.  Assuming
due execution and delivery by EDT, upon its execution and delivery by Purchaser,
this  Agreement  will  be  the  valid  and  binding   obligation  of  Purchaser,
enforceable  against  Purchaser  in  accordance  with its  terms,  except (a) as
limited by  applicable  bankruptcy,  insolvency,  reorganization,  moratorium or
other laws of general  application  affecting  enforcement of creditors' rights,
and (b) general principles of equity that restrict the availability of equitable
remedies.

     2.2 INVESTMENT REPRESENTATIONS.  Purchaser understands that the Shares have
not  been  registered  under  the  Securities  Act  of  1933,  as  amended  (the
"Securities Act").  Purchaser also understands that the Shares are being offered
and sold pursuant to an exemption from registration  contained in the Securities
Act based in part upon Purchaser's  representations contained in this Agreement.
Purchaser hereby represents and warrants as follows:

          (a)  PURCHASER   BEARS  ECONOMIC  RISK.   Purchaser  has   substantial
     experience in evaluating and investing in private placement transactions of
     securities in companies  similar to EDT so that it is capable of evaluating
     the  merits  and risks of its  investment  in EDT and has the  capacity  to
     protect its own  interests.  Purchaser  must bear the economic risk of this
     investment  indefinitely  unless the Shares are registered  pursuant to the
     Securities Act, or an exemption from  registration is available.  Purchaser
     understands  that,  except as provided by in SECTION 11 of this  Agreement,
     EDT has no present  intention of  registering  the Shares.  Purchaser  also
     understands that there is no assurance that any exemption from registration
     under the  Securities  Act will be available  and that,  even if available,
     such  exemption  may not allow  Purchaser to transfer all or any portion of
     the  Shares  under  the  circumstances,  in the  amounts  or at  the  times
     Purchaser might propose.

          (b) ACQUISITION FOR OWN ACCOUNT. Purchaser is acquiring the Shares for
     Purchaser's  own account for  investment  only, and not with a view towards
     their distribution in violation of state or federal securities laws.

          (c) PURCHASER CAN PROTECT ITS INTEREST.  Purchaser  represents that by
     reason of its business or financial  experience  Purchaser has the capacity
     to  protect  its  own  interests  in  connection   with  the   transactions
     contemplated in this Agreement.

          (d) ACCREDITED INVESTOR. Purchaser represents that it is an accredited
     investor within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities Act.

          (e)  CORPORATION  INFORMATION.  Purchaser  has  received  and read the
     Financial  Statements  (hereafter  defined) and has had an  opportunity  to
     discuss EDT's  business,  management and financial  affairs with directors,

                                     3
<PAGE>
     officers and management of EDT and has had the  opportunity to review EDT's
     operations and  facilities.  Purchaser has also had the  opportunity to ask
     questions of and receive answers from, EDT and its management regarding the
     terms and conditions of this investment.

          (f) RULE 144.  Purchaser  acknowledges and agrees that the Shares must
     be held indefinitely  (subject to any right of redemption applicable to the
     Shares) unless they are subsequently registered under the Securities Act or
     an  exemption  from such  registration  is  available.  Purchaser  has been
     advised or is aware of the  provisions  of Rule 144  promulgated  under the
     Securities  Act as in effect from time to time ("Rule 144"),  which permits
     limited resale of shares  purchased in a private  placement  subject to the
     satisfaction  of certain  conditions,  including,  among other things:  the
     availability  of certain current public  information  about EDT, the resale
     occurring  following  the  required  holding  period under Rule 144 and the
     number of shares  being sold during any  three-month  period not  exceeding
     specified limitations.

          (g)  RESIDENCE.  The office of each  Purchaser in which its investment
     decision was made is located at the address or  addresses of the  Purchaser
     set forth on EXHIBIT A.

     2.3 NO BROKER OR FINDER.  Purchaser has not engaged any broker or finder in
connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

3.   REPRESENTATIONS  AND  WARRANTIES  OF EDT.  EDT  represents  and warrants to
Purchasers the following:

     3.1 CORPORATE EXISTENCE: GOOD STANDING. EDT is a corporation duly organized
and existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.

     3.2 POWER AND AUTHORITY.  EDT has corporate  power to execute,  deliver and
perform this  Agreement  and all  agreements  and other  documents  executed and
delivered by it pursuant to this  Agreement  or to be executed and  delivered on
the Closing Date, including without limitation, the Asset Purchase Agreement and
the agreements  contemplated thereby, and has taken all actions required by law,
its  Certificate  of  Incorporation,  its Bylaws or otherwise,  to authorize the
execution,   delivery  and  performance  of  this  Agreement  and  such  related
documents.  EDT has the legal  capacity to enter into and perform this Agreement
and the other  agreements  to be  executed  and  delivered  by it in  connection
herewith. This Agreement and all agreements and documents executed and delivered
in  connection  herewith  have  been  or will be as of the  Closing  Date,  duly
executed and  delivered by EDT, and  constitute  or will  constitute  the legal,
valid, and binding obligations of EDT enforceable against EDT in accordance with
their  respective  terms,  except as may be  limited by  applicable  bankruptcy,
insolvency  or  similar  laws  affecting  creditors'  rights  generally  or  the
availability of equitable remedies. The execution and delivery of this Agreement
and the  agreements  related  hereto  executed  and  delivered  pursuant to this
Agreement  or to be executed  and  delivered  on the Closing Date do not and the
consummation  of the  transactions  contemplated  hereby  will not,  violate any
provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of EDT or any provisions
of, or result in the acceleration  of, any obligation under any mortgage,  lien,

                                       4
<PAGE>
lease,  agreement  instrument,  order,  arbitration award, judgment or decree to
which EDT is a party or by which it is bound, or violate any restrictions of any
kind to which EDT is subject.

     3.3 EDT  SHARES.  All of the  Shares  issued at  Closing  will be,  when so
issued,  (i) duly authorized,  validly issued,  fully paid and nonassessable and
(ii)  free of  preemptive  rights  created  by  statute,  EDT's  Certificate  of
Incorporation or Bylaws or any agreement to which EDT is a party or by which EDT
is bound.

     3.4 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. Attached hereto as SCHEDULE 3.4 are EDT's audited
financial  statements for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2001 and the unaudited
financial  statements for the interim period ending  December 31, 2001 (December
31, 2001 being hereinafter referred to as the "EDT Financials Date"), reflecting
the results of the operations and financial condition of EDT at such dates which
have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting  principles,
consistently applied (the "Financial Statements"). The Financial Statements: (i)
fairly and  accurately  present  the  financial  position of EDT as of the dates
indicated  and  present  the results of EDT's  operations  for the periods  then
ended; and (ii) are in accordance with the books and records of EDT, as the case
may be, which have been properly  maintained and are complete and correct in all
material respects.

     3.5 SEC DOCUMENTS AND REPORTS.  EDT has filed all required  documents  with
the  Securities  and Exchange  Commission  (the "SEC") since March 31, 2000 (the
"SEC Documents").  As of their respective  dates, the SEC Documents  complied in
all  material  respects  with  the  requirements  of the  Securities  Act or the
Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934,  as amended,  as the case may be, and, at the
respective times they were filed, none of the SEC Documents contained any untrue
statement of a material  fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be
stated  therein or necessary  to make the  statements  therein,  in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

     3.6 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. Other than as set forth on SCHEDULE 3.6, neither EDT
nor any of its affiliates is subject to any pending, nor does EDT have knowledge
of any threatened, litigation, governmental investigation, condemnation or other
proceeding  against or relating to or affecting EDT (or any of its  affiliates),
the  operations,  business or prospects of EDT's business,  or the  transactions
contemplated by this  Agreement,  and, to the knowledge of EDT, no basis for any
such action exists, nor is there any legal impediment of which EDT has knowledge
to the continued operation of EDT's business in its ordinary course.

     3.7 NO UNDISCLOSED  LIABILITIES.  Except as and to the extent  reflected in
the  Financial  Statements  or as  expressly  shown in SCHEDULE  3.7, EDT has no
liability  or  obligation  whatsoever,  whether  matured,  unmatured,  absolute,
contingent or otherwise,  except for liabilities and obligations incurred in the
ordinary  course of its business since the EDT Financials  Date,  which,  in the
aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the
operations, assets or financial condition of EDT or its business.

     3.8 NO VIOLATION OF LAW. EDT has not been nor shall it be as of the Closing
Date (by virtue of any action,  omission to act, contract to which it is a party
or any  occurrence or state of facts  whatsoever) in violation of any applicable
local, state or federal law, ordinance, regulation, order, injunction or decree,
or any other requirement of any governmental  body, agency or authority or court

                                       5
<PAGE>
binding on it, or relating to its property or business  which, in the aggregate,
has or is reasonably  likely to have a material  adverse effect on the business,
assets or financial position of EDT.

     3.9  CAPITALIZATION;  TITLE TO SHARES.  The authorized capital stock of EDT
consists  of  40,000,000  shares of common  stock,  par value  $0.001  per share
("Common  Stock") and  10,000,000  shares of  preferred  stock,  $0.01 par value
("Preferred  Stock").  As of May 31, 2002 (i) 15,301,068  shares of Common Stock
were issued,  (ii) no shares of Preferred  Stock were  issued,  (iii)  1,179,630
shares of Common Stock were issued and held in the treasury of EDT, (iv) a total
of 3,500,000  shares of Common Stock were reserved for issuance  pursuant to the
EDT 1997  Stock  Compensation  Plan  (the  "Plan")  (with  options  to  purchase
1,722,938  shares of Common Stock  currently  outstanding  under the Plan),  (v)
1,753,095 shares of Common Stock were reserved for issuance pursuant to warrants
and (vi)  5,944,921  shares of Common  Stock were  reserved  for  issuance  upon
conversion of convertible  notes.  All issued and  outstanding  shares of Common
Stock are duly  authorized,  fully paid and  non-assessable  and were  issued in
accordance with the registration or  qualification  provisions of the Securities
Act, and of any relevant state  securities laws or pursuant to valid  exemptions
therefrom.  Except as set forth above,  there are no other outstanding  options,
warrants,  rights (including conversion or preemptive rights and rights of first
refusal),  proxy or  stockholder  agreements,  or agreements of any kind for the
purchase or acquisition from EDT of any of its securities.  All shares of Common
Stock presently  outstanding are, and all shares which may be issued pursuant to
the exercise of outstanding  options under the EDT 1997 Stock Compensation Plan,
when issued in accordance with the terms thereof will be, validly authorized and
issued and fully paid and nonassessable.  Since the EDT Financials Date, EDT has
not redeemed or purchased any shares of Common Stock, or declared, set aside, or
paid any dividend or other distribution in respect of Common Stock.

4.   PURCHASERS' COVENANTS.

     4.1 SHAREHOLDER  VOTE. Each Purchaser agrees to take all actions  necessary
to vote as a shareholder of Quisic to approve the  transactions  contemplated by
the Asset Purchase Agreement.

     4.2 RELEASE OF LIENS.  Each Purchaser agrees to take all actions  necessary
to release all liens held by it in assets owned by Quisic  (other than rights to
payment under the ELT Contract and the PBS Contract)  contemporaneously with the
consummation of the transactions  contemplated by the Asset Purchase  Agreement.
Each Purchaser agrees to take all actions necessary to release all liens held by
it in rights to payment under the PBS Contract  upon receipt of written  consent
of the Public  Broadcasting System to the assignment to EDT of the PBS Contract.
Each Purchaser agrees to take all actions necessary to release all liens held by
it in rights to payment  under the ELT  Contract  upon  receipt  of the  written
consent of  Employment  Law Training,  Inc. to the  assignment to EDT of the ELT
Contract.   Each   Purchaser   further  agrees  to  cancel  and  extinguish  all
indebtedness  of Quisic to such Purchaser and such  Purchaser's  affiliates once
consent to  assignment  by Quisic to EDT of each of the PBS Contract and the ELT
Contract have been obtained.

                                       6
<PAGE>
5.   EDT'S  COVENANT.  EDT agrees to pay to Purchasers (in the  percentages  set
forth on EXHIBIT A) all cash collections up to $1,250,000 received by EDT during
the five (5) year period  following  the Closing Date under the terms of the (i)
Course  Licensing and  Distribution  Agreement dated July 5, 2001 between Quisic
and the Public Broadcasting Systems (the "PBS Contract"), (ii) Agreement between
Strategos  and Quisic dated March 22, 2001,  (iii)  Marketing  and  Distribution
Agreement  dated  March  22,  2001  between  Strategos  and  Quisic  for  Online
Innovation  Academy and related Promissory Note in the original principal amount
of $382,023 and (iv)  Distribution  Agreement  between Quisic and Employment Law
Training,  Inc. dated July 7, 1999 (the "ELT  Contract") and related  Promissory
Note dated July 20, 2001 payable to Internal and External  Communications,  Inc.
and fifty percent (50%) of all cash collections  during the five (5) year period
following the Closing Date in excess of $1,250,000 related thereto. In addition,
EDT shall diligently and faithfully endeavor to collect as soon as possible from
the payment  obligors  set forth  above all amounts due and shall not  exchange,
modify,  amend or otherwise compromise any right to payment with respect thereto
without  the prior  written  consent of  Purchasers.  Any  payments  received by
Purchaser  directly from the third parties listed above shall be credited toward
the payments EDT has agreed to make to  Purchaser.  Notwithstanding  anything to
the contrary  contained in this SECTION 5, if, at the expiration of the five (5)
years  following the Closing Date a payment dispute exists related to one of the
listed  contracts,  any payments received by EDT or Purchaser in connection with
resolution of the dispute shall be included in the payments  provided for in the
first sentence of this SECTION 5.

6.   EDT'S CONDITIONS PRECEDENT. The obligations of EDT hereunder are subject to
the  fulfillment or waiver of each of the following  conditions upon the earlier
to occur of June 14, 2002 or the Closing Date:

     6.1 REPRESENTATIONS  AND WARRANTIES.  The representations and warranties of
Purchasers  contained  herein  shall have been true and correct in all  material
respects  when  initially  made and shall be true and  correct  in all  material
respects as of the Closing Date.

     6.2 COVENANTS AND CONDITIONS.  Purchasers shall have performed and complied
with all material  covenants  and  conditions  required by this  Agreement to be
performed and complied with by Purchasers prior to the Closing Date.

     6.3  PROCEEDINGS.   No  action,   proceeding  or  order  by  any  court  or
governmental  body shall have been  threatened  orally or in writing,  asserted,
instituted  or  entered  to  restrain  or  prohibit  the  carrying  out  of  the
transactions  contemplated hereby and no bankruptcy  proceeding involving Quisic
shall have been instituted.

     6.4  CLOSING  DELIVERIES.  EDT shall  have  received  all  documents,  duly
executed in a form reasonably  satisfactory to EDT and its counsel,  referred to
in SECTION 8.1.

     6.5 CONSENTS AND  APPROVALS.  Purchasers  shall have obtained all necessary
government and other  third-party  approvals and consents required to consummate
the   transactions   contained   herein  on  terms  and  conditions   reasonably
satisfactory to EDT.

     6.6 APPROVAL BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS. This Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby shall have been approved by the Board of Directors of EDT.

                                       7
<PAGE>
     6.7  APPROVAL  AND  CONSUMMATION  OF  TRANSACTIONS  CONTEMPLATED  BY  ASSET
PURCHASE  AGREEMENT.  Purchasers shall have presented EDT evidence,  in form and
substance  reasonably  satisfactory to EDT, of their approval as shareholders of
Quisic, of the transactions  contemplated by the Asset Purchase  Agreement,  and
the  consummation  of  the  transactions  contemplated  by  the  Asset  Purchase
Agreement shall occur contemporaneously with Closing.

7.   PURCHASERS'  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT.  The obligations of Purchasers hereunder
are subject to the  fulfillment  or waiver of each of the  following  conditions
upon the earliest to occur of June 14, 2002 or the Closing Date:

     7.1 REPRESENTATIONS  AND WARRANTIES.  The representations and warranties of
EDT  contained  herein  shall have been true and  correct in all  respects  when
initially  made and shall be true and correct in all  respects as of the Closing
Date.

     7.2 COVENANTS AND  CONDITIONS.  EDT shall have  performed and complied with
all  covenants  and  conditions  required by this  Agreement to be performed and
complied with by EDT prior to the Closing Date.

     7.3  PROCEEDINGS.   No  action,   proceeding  or  order  by  any  court  or
governmental  body shall have been  threatened  orally or in writing,  asserted,
instituted  or  entered  to  restrain  or  prohibit  the  carrying  out  of  the
transactions contemplated hereby.

     7.4 CLOSING DELIVERIES.  Purchasers shall have received all documents, duly
executed in form  satisfactory  to Purchasers and their counsel,  referred to in
SECTION 8.2.

     7.5 CONSENTS AND  APPROVALS.  Purchasers  shall have obtained all necessary
government and other  third-party  approvals and consents required to consummate
the   transactions   contained   herein  on  terms  and  conditions   reasonably
satisfactory to Purchasers.

8.   CLOSING DELIVERIES.

     8.1 DELIVERIES OF PURCHASERS.  At the Closing,  Purchasers shall deliver to
EDT the following,  all of which shall be in a form  reasonably  satisfactory to
counsel to EDT:

          (a) an opinion of counsel to  Purchasers  opining as to the  execution
     and delivery of this Agreement and the other documents and agreements to be
     executed  pursuant  hereto,  the good standing and authority of Purchasers,
     the enforceability of this Agreement and the other agreements and documents
     to be  executed  in  connection  herewith,  and  other  matters  reasonably
     requested by EDT;

          (b) the Escrow Agreement executed by each Purchaser;

          (c) a Lock-Up Agreement executed by each Purchaser; and

          (d) such other  instruments  and documents as reasonably  requested by
     EDT to carry out and effect the purpose and intent of this Agreement.


                                       8
<PAGE>
     8.2 DELIVERIES OF EDT. At the Closing,  EDT shall deliver to Purchasers the
following,  all  of  which  shall  be  in a  form  satisfactory  to  counsel  to
Purchasers:

          (a)  A  copy  of  written   instructions   to  EDT's   transfer  agent
     (Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company) to deliver to Purchasers stock
     certificates  representing the Closing Shares and to the escrow agent named
     in the Escrow Agreement stock certificates representing the Escrow Shares;

          (b) a copy of the  resolutions  of the Board of Directors of EDT (or a
     duly authorized a committee  thereof)  authorizing the execution,  delivery
     and performance of this Agreement and all related documents and agreements,
     each  certified by the Secretary of EDT as being true and correct copies of
     the original thereof;

          (c) a  certificate  of the Chief  Executive  Officer  of EDT as of the
     Closing Date, as to (i) the truth and  correctness  of the  representations
     and  warranties  of EDT  contained  herein;  (ii)  the  performance  of and
     compliance  by EDT with all  covenants  contained  herein;  and  (iii)  the
     satisfaction of all conditions precedent of EDT contained herein;

          (d) a  certificate  of  the  Secretary  of  EDT  certifying  as to the
     incumbency of the directors and officers of EDT and as to the signatures of
     such  directors and officers who have executed  documents  delivered at the
     Closing on behalf of EDT;

          (e)  certificates,  dated within ten (10) days of the Closing Date, of
     the Secretary of the State of Delaware and Arizona establishing that EDT is
     in existence and is in good standing to transact  business in the States of
     Delaware and Arizona;

          (f) an  opinion of counsel  to EDT  opining  as to the  execution  and
     delivery of this  Agreement and the other  documents  and  agreements to be
     executed  pursuant  hereto,  the good  standing  and  authority of EDT, the
     enforceability  of this Agreement and the other agreements and documents to
     be executed in connection herewith, due authorization as to the issuance of
     Shares and other matters reasonably requested by Purchasers;

          (g) the Escrow Agreement executed by EDT; and

          (h) such other  instruments  and documents as reasonably  requested by
     Purchasers  to  carry  out  and  effect  the  purpose  and  intent  of this
     Agreement.

9.   NATURE AND SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; INDEMNIFICATION.

     9.1  SURVIVAL.  All  representations  and  warranties  in  this  Agreement,
including any  certificate or Schedule made a part thereof or Exhibit  delivered
pursuant to this Agreement, shall survive the Closing and continue in full force
and effect until the first  anniversary  of the Closing Date (referred to herein
as the  "Termination  Date"),  except  with  respect to SECTION  3.3 which shall
survive indefinitely.

     9.2 INDEMNIFICATION BY PURCHASERS.  From and after the Closing,  subject to
the limitations set forth in this SECTION 9.2,  Purchasers jointly and severally
will   indemnify  and  hold  harmless  EDT,  and  EDT's   officers,   directors,
stockholders,   employees  and  subsidiaries  (collectively,   the  "Indemnified

                                       9
<PAGE>
Persons"),  from  and  against  any  loss,  liability,  claim,  damage,  expense
(including   reasonable  costs  of  investigation  and  defense  and  reasonable
attorneys'  fees  and  expenses)  (collectively,   "Damages")  incurred  by  the
Indemnified  Person,  (i) as a result  of any  breach of any  representation  or
warranty,  covenant or agreement  made by Purchasers in this  Agreement,  or any
other  certificate  or  document  delivered  by  Purchasers   pursuant  to  this
Agreement,  or (ii) related to the  operation by Quisic of Quisic's  business or
the use by Quisic of its assets, in each case prior to the Closing Date or (iii)
as a result  of any  breach  of any  representation  or  warranty,  covenant  or
agreement  made  by  Quisic  in  the  Asset  Purchase  Agreement  or  any  other
certificate  or document  delivered  by Quisic  pursuant to the Asset  Purchaser
Agreement.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,  no such  indemnification  under this
SECTION  9.2  shall  be  available  for  any  inaccuracy  in or  breach  of  any
representation,  or warranty  (other than a breach of SECTION  2.15 of the Asset
Purchase  Agreement)  unless  written  notice  thereof  has  been  delivered  to
Purchasers  prior to the Termination  Date  specifying in reasonable  detail the
information or circumstances  making such representation or warranty untrue and,
to the extent reasonably ascertainable, the expected Damages related thereto.

     9.3 PRIORITY OF OFFSET.  All Damages owed by Purchasers to the  Indemnified
Persons  under  this  SECTION  9 shall be  satisfied  out of the  Escrow  Shares
pursuant to the terms of the Escrow Agreement.

     9.4  THRESHOLD.  With  respect to claims for  Damages,  Purchasers  will be
liable to the  Indemnified  Persons for  Damages  only if the  aggregate  amount
suffered by the  Indemnified  Persons exceeds Fifty Thousand  Dollars  ($50,000)
(the "Threshold"),  in which event, the Indemnified  Persons will be indemnified
for all such Damages,  including the amount of the Threshold.

     9.5 PROCEDURE FOR  INDEMNIFICATION  -- THIRD PARTY CLAIMS.  Promptly  after
receipt by an Indemnified  Person of notice of the  commencement  of any action,
arbitration, audit, hearing, investigation,  litigation, or suit (whether civil,
criminal, administrative, judicial or investigative, whether formal or informal,
public  or  private)  commenced,  brought,  conducted  or heard by or  before or
otherwise involving any governmental body or arbitrator (a "Proceeding") against
it, such  Indemnified  Person will, if a claim is to be made against  Purchasers
under  this  SECTION  9,  give  notice  to  the  indemnifying   parties  of  the
commencement of such  Proceeding,  but the failure of the Indemnified  Person to
notify the indemnifying parties will not relieve the indemnifying parties of any
liability that indemnifying parties may have to any Indemnified Persons,  except
to the extent the indemnifying parties are materially prejudiced thereby. If any
Proceeding is brought against an Indemnified  Person and the Indemnified  Person
gives notice to the indemnifying parties of the commencement of such Proceeding,
the indemnifying parties will be entitled to participate in such Proceeding and,
to the extent that they wish (unless the  indemnifying  parties are also parties
to such  Proceeding  and the  Indemnified  Person  determines in good faith that
joint representation would be inappropriate, or the indemnifying parties fail to
provide  reasonable  assurance  to the  Indemnified  Persons of their  financial
capacity to defend such  Proceeding),  to assume the defense of such  Proceeding
with counsel  satisfactory to the Indemnified Persons and, after notice from the
indemnifying  parties to the Indemnified Persons of their election to assume the
defense of such Proceeding.  If the indemnifying parties assume the defense of a
Proceeding, (i) it will be conclusively established for purposes of this

                                       10
<PAGE>
Agreement  that the claims made in that  Proceeding  are within the scope of and
subject to indemnification;  and (ii) no compromise or settlement of such claims
may be effected by the  indemnifying  parties without the  Indemnified  Persons'
consent.  If notice is given to the indemnifying  parties of the commencement of
any  Proceeding  and the  indemnifying  parties do not,  within twenty (20) days
after the Indemnified  Persons' notice is given,  give notice to the Indemnified
Persons  of their  election  to  assume  the  defense  of such  Proceeding,  the
indemnifying  parties will be bound by any determination made in such Proceeding
or any  compromise  or  settlement  effected by the  Indemnified  Persons.  With
respect to any  Proceeding  both the  Indemnified  Persons and the  indemnifying
parties,  as the case may be, shall keep the other parties fully informed of the
Proceeding at all stages thereof and to render to each other such  assistance as
they may  reasonably  require of each other and to  cooperate in good faith with
each other in order to ensure the proper and adequate  defense of any Proceeding
brought by any third party. With respect to any Proceeding, the parties agree to
cooperate in such a manner as to preserve in full (to the extent  possible)  the
confidentiality of all confidential business records and the attorney-client and
work-product privileges.

     9.6 EFFECT OF  INVESTIGATION.  No  investigation  or inquiry made by either
party shall,  regardless of the  consummation of the  transactions  contemplated
hereby or by the Asset Purchase Agreement, affect or limit any representation or
warranty  made by the other party or in any  Schedule  delivered  by any of them
pursuant hereto or any right of indemnification contained in this Agreement.

10.  TERMINATION. This Agreement may be terminated:

     (a) at any time  prior to  Closing  by EDT by  delivery  by EDT of  written
notice to each  Purchaser  if any  representation  or warranty of any  Purchaser
contained in this Agreement or in any certificate or other document executed and
delivered by any Purchaser  pursuant to this  Agreement is or becomes  untrue or
breached  in any  material  respect or if any  Purchaser  fails to comply in any
material respect with any covenant or agreement contained herein;

     (b) at any time prior to Closing

     (c)  by   Purchasers   by  delivery  of  written   notice  to  EDT  if  any
representation  or  warranty  of  EDT  contained  in  this  Agreement  or in any
certificate  or other  document  executed and  delivered by EDT pursuant to this
Agreement  is or becomes  untrue or breached in any  material  respect or if EDT
fails to comply in any material respect with any covenant or agreement contained
herein;

     (d) by EDT by delivery of written notice to Purchasers if the  transactions
contemplated hereby shall not have been consummated by July 31, 2002; or

     (e) by Purchasers by delivery of written notice to EDT if the  transactions
contemplated hereby shall not have been consummated by July 31, 2002.

                                       11
<PAGE>
11.  REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

     11.1 PURCHASERS' REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

          (a) Upon  receipt of notice  from each  Purchaser  (the  "Registration
     Request Notice")  requesting  registration  under the Securities Act of the
     Shares,  on  only  one  occasion,  at any  time  commencing  on  the  first
     anniversary of the Closing Date and  terminating  one (1) year  thereafter,
     EDT will use its  reasonable  best efforts to file with the SEC as promptly
     as  practicable,   a  registration   statement  (the  "Demand  Registration
     Statement")  registering  the sale under the  Securities  Act of the Shares
     issued to Purchasers pursuant to the terms of this Agreement,  and will use
     its  reasonable  best  efforts  to have the Demand  Registration  Statement
     declared  effective and remain  effective until the earliest of (i) two (2)
     years after the date it is declared effective, (ii) the date all the Shares
     registered  thereby (the "Underlying  Shares") have been sold, or, (iii) in
     the reasonable  opinion of EDT's counsel,  which opinion shall qualify as a
     satisfactory opinion of counsel pursuant to the legend condition of SECTION
     1(D)  hereof,   the  Underlying   Shares  may  be  sold  publicly   without
     registration.   If  each  Purchaser  requests  that  EDT  file  the  Demand
     Registration Statement,  each Purchaser will, in a timely fashion,  provide
     EDT and its counsel with such  information  and execute  such  documents as
     EDT's  counsel  may  reasonably  require to prepare  and process the Demand
     Registration  Statement.  In the event  that EDT has  filed a  registration
     statement with the SEC relating to its  securities  within ninety (90) days
     prior to its receipt of the Registration Request Notice, which registration
     statement has not been declared  effective,  each Purchaser agrees that EDT
     can thereafter delay the filing of the Demand Registration  Statement for a
     period not to exceed ninety (90) days.

          (b) If at any time  after  the date  hereof,  EDT  proposes  to file a
     registration  statement under the Securities Act with respect to any of its
     securities  (except one relating to stock option or employee  benefit plans
     or a merger,  acquisition or similar  transaction),  EDT shall give written
     notice of its  intention  to effect such filing to each  Purchaser at least
     thirty  (30)  days  prior  to  filing  such  registration   statement  (the
     "Piggyback  Registration  Statement").  If the Shares issued to a Purchaser
     pursuant to the terms of this Agreement have not been previously registered
     and  such  Purchaser  desires  to  include  such  shares  in the  Piggyback
     Registration  Statement, it shall notify EDT in writing within fifteen (15)
     days  after  receipt  of such  notice  from EDT,  in which  event EDT shall
     include such shares in the Piggyback Registration Statement. If a Purchaser
     elects to include such shares in the  Piggyback  Registration  Statement as
     set forth herein, it shall, in a timely manner, provide EDT and its counsel
     with such  information  and  execute  such  documents  as its  counsel  may
     reasonably  require to  prepare  and  process  the  Piggyback  Registration
     Statement. Anything to the contrary notwithstanding,  in the event that the
     offering for which the Piggyback  Registration  Statement has been filed is
     to be effected through or with the assistance of an underwriter  other than
     EDT,  each  Purchaser  will  consent to restrict  the sale of its shares or
     reduce the  number of its  shares  (on a pro rata basis with  shares of EDT
     Common Stock issued to any other  stockholders of EDT prior to or after the
     date hereof,  and that,  as of the time of  determination,  have  presently
     exercisable  registration  rights and are requested by such stockholders to
     be included in such Piggyback Registration  Statement) that may be included

                                       12
<PAGE>
     in  such   Piggyback   Registration   Statement  in  accordance   with  the
     requirements  of such  underwriter;  provided,  however,  in no event shall
     Purchasers be precluded from registering  less than twenty-five  percent of
     their  Shares.  EDT will  provide each  Purchaser  whose Shares are covered
     thereby with a copy of the Demand  Registration  Statement or the Piggyback
     Registration Statement, as the case may be, and any amendments thereto, and
     copies of the final  prospectus  included therein in such quantities as may
     reasonably  be  required to permit each  Purchaser  to sell its  Underlying
     Shares  after  the  Demand   Registration   Statement   or  the   Piggyback
     Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC.

          (c) EDT will bear all  expenses  (except  underwriting  discounts  and
     commission,  if any, and the legal fees and expenses, if any, of counsel to
     Purchasers)  necessary and incidental to the performance of its obligations
     under this Section.

          (d) EDT and each Purchaser, if such Purchaser's shares are included in
     a  Demand  Registration   Statement  or  Piggyback  Registration  Statement
     pursuant to this Section,  shall provide  customary and  appropriate  cross
     indemnities  to  each  other  covering  the  information  supplied  by  the
     indemnifying  party for inclusion in the Demand  Registration  Statement or
     Piggyback Registration Statement.

          (e)  Anything  to  the  contrary  notwithstanding,  EDT  shall  not be
     required to register  any Shares  issued to any  Purchaser  pursuant to the
     terms of this  Agreement  or provide  notices  under this SECTION 11 to any
     Purchaser  if such  Shares  are  either  (i)  covered  by a then  currently
     effective registration statement or (ii) in the reasonable opinion of EDT's
     counsel,  may be sold pursuant to the exemption from registration  provided
     by Section (k) of Rule 144.

12.  MISCELLANEOUS.

     12.1 NOTICES.

          If to EDT:

                   EDT Learning, Inc.
                   2999 N. 44th St., Suite 650
                   Phoenix, Arizona  85018-7273
                   Attention: James L. Dunn, Jr.
                   Phone: 602-952-1200

          With a Copy to:

                   Jackson Walker L.L.P.
                   901 Main Street
                   Suite 6000
                   Dallas, Texas 75202
                   Attention: James S. Ryan, III
                   Phone: 214-953-5801

                                       13
<PAGE>
          If to Purchasers:

                   Investor Growth Capital Limited
                   Investor Group, L.P.
                   12 East 49th Street, 27th Floor
                   New York, New York 10017-1028
                   Attention: Henry E. Gooss
                   Phone: 212-515-9020

                   Leeds Equity Partners III, L.P.
                   660 Madison Avenue
                   15th Floor
                   New York, New York  10021
                   Attention: Robert A. Bernstein
                   Phone: 212-835-2000

     Or such other  address as shall be furnished in writing by any party to the
other party. All such notices shall be considered  received:  (a) if transmitted
by certified mail, return receipt requested,  with proper postage prepaid,  upon
the fifth (5th)  business day after  mailing;  (b) if  transmitted  by overnight
carrier,  on the next business day; and (c) if transmitted by personal delivery,
upon receipt.

     12.2  SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS.  This Agreement  shall not be assignable,  by
operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of all parties.
Subject to the  foregoing,  this  Agreement  shall  inure to the  benefit of, be
enforceable by and be binding upon the parties,  their  successors and permitted
assigns.

     12.3  ENTIRE  AGREEMENT.  This  Agreement  and  the  Exhibits,   Schedules,
certificates  and other  documents  delivered  pursuant  hereto or  incorporated
herein by  reference,  contain and  constitute  the entire  agreement  among the
parties  and  supersede  and  cancel  any  prior  agreements,   representations,
warranties, or communications, whether oral or written, among the parties hereto
relating  to the  transactions  contemplated  by this  Agreement.  Neither  this
Agreement  nor any  provision  hereof  may be  changed,  waived,  discharged  or
terminated  orally,  but only by an  agreement  in  writing  signed by the party
against  whom or which the  enforcement  of such  change,  waiver,  discharge or
termination is sought.

     12.4 GOVERNING LAW;  SEVERABILITY.  This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in  accordance  with the laws of the State of Arizona  without  giving
effect to the principles of conflicts of law thereof,  provided,  however,  that
the laws of the respective jurisdictions of incorporation of each of the parties
shall govern the relative rights, obligations, powers, duties and other internal
affairs of such party and its board of directors.

     12.5  SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS.  All Schedules and Exhibits  attached to this
Agreement are by reference made a part hereof.

     12.6 WAIVERS.  No failure on the part of any party hereto to exercise,  and
no delay in  exercising,  any right,  power or remedy  created  hereunder  shall
operate as a waiver  thereof,  nor shall any single or partial  exercise  of any

                                       14
<PAGE>
right,  power or remedy by any such party preclude any other or further exercise
thereof or the  exercise of any other right,  power or remedy.  No waiver by any
party  hereto  of any  breach of or  default  in any term or  condition  of this
Agreement shall constitute a waiver of or assent to any succeeding  breach of or
default in the same or any other term or condition hereof.

     12.7 HEADINGS.  The headings  contained in this Agreement are for reference
purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or  interpretation  of
this Agreement.

     12.8  COUNTERPARTS.   This  Agreement  may  be  executed  in  two  or  more
counterparts,  each of  which  shall be  deemed  an  original,  but all of which
together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

     12.9 CONFIDENTIALITY.  The parties agree that they will not make any public
comment, statement,  communication or disclosure about the existence or contents
of this Agreement or activities relating to the consummation of the transactions
contemplated  herein without prior approval of the other party, except as may be
required by law, or as may be necessary in the ordinary course of business.

     12.10 EXPENSES.  Each party will be responsible for payment of all fees and
expenses  incurred  by that  party in  connection  with this  Agreement  and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby regardless of whether this
Agreement is terminated without  consummation of the transaction.  Additionally,
Purchasers  jointly and severally  agree that they will be  responsible  for any
unpaid fees of Quisic's  independent  auditors for fees and expenses incurred by
such independent  auditors for the audit of Quisic's financial statements at and
for the years ended December 31, 2000 and 2001, respectively.

     12.11 NO THIRD PARTY  BENEFICIARIES.  Nothing  contained in this  Agreement
(express or implied) is intended or shall be construed to confer upon or give to
any person, corporation or other entity, other than the parties hereto and their
permitted  successors or assigns,  any rights or remedies  under or by reason of
this Agreement.

     12.12 FURTHER  ASSURANCES.  Each party hereby agrees to perform any further
acts and to execute and deliver any documents which may be reasonably  necessary
to carry out the provisions of this Agreement.

                         [SIGNATURES ON FOLLOWING PAGE]

                                       15
<PAGE>
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the parties have executed this Agreement as of the day
and year first above written.


EDT LEARNING, INC.                          INVESTOR GROWTH CAPITAL LIMITED



By: /s/ James M. Powers, Jr.                By:
    ------------------------------              ------------------------------
Name: James M. Powers, Jr.                  Name:
      ----------------------------                ----------------------------
Title: CEO                                  Title:
       ---------------------------                 ---------------------------

INVESTOR GROUP, L.P.                        LEEDS EQUITY PARTNERS III, L.P.
                                            By: Leeds Equity Associates, L.P.
                                            Its: General Partner
                                            By: Leeds Equity Management, L.L.C.
                                            Its: General Partner

By:                                         By:
    ------------------------------              ------------------------------
Name:                                       Name:
      ----------------------------                ----------------------------
Title:                                      Title:
       ---------------------------                 ---------------------------

                                       16

<PAGE>
                                    EXHIBIT A

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               Aggregate                    Aggregate
                                                              Shares to be     Closing         Cash         Escrow      Section 5
       Purchaser                      Address                  Purchased        Shares    Consideration     Shares     Percentages
       ---------                      -------                  ---------        ------    -------------     ------     -----------
<S>                       <C>                                <C>            <C>           <C>           <C>              <C>
Investor Growth Capital   12 East 49th Street, 27th Floor       875,000        525,000       112,000       350,000          35
Limited                   New York, NY 10017-1028


Investor Group, L.P.      12 East 49th Street, 27th Floor       375,000        225,000        48,000       150,000          15
                          New York, NY 10017-1028

Leeds Equity Partners     660 Madison Avenue
III, L.P.                 15th Floor                           1,250,000       750,000       160,000       500,000          50
                          New York, NY  10021
</TABLE>
<PAGE>









                                ESCROW AGREEMENT









<PAGE>
                                ESCROW AGREEMENT

     This Escrow Agreement, dated as of June __, 2002 (this "Agreement"),  among
EDT Learning,  Inc., a Delaware  corporation  ("EDT"),  Investor  Growth Capital
Limited,  a Guernsey  corporation  ("IGCLTD"),  Investor  Group L.P., a Guernsey
limited  partnership  ("IGLP")  (IGCLTD  and IGLP  collectively  referred  to as
"IGC"),  Leeds  Equity  Partners  III,  L.P.,  a  Delaware  limited  partnership
("Leeds")   (IGC  and  Leeds   collectively   referred   to  herein  as  "Escrow
Stockholders") and Jackson Walker L.L.P., as escrow agent ("Escrow Agent").

     This is the  Escrow  Agreement  referred  to in the Common  Stock  Purchase
Agreement dated June ___, 2002 (the "Stock Purchase  Agreement"),  among EDT and
the Escrow Stockholders.

     The parties, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

1.   ESTABLISHMENT OF ESCROW

          (a) EDT is depositing with Escrow Agent One Million (1,000,000) Shares
of the EDT Stock (the "Escrow Stock") represented by stock certificates being in
the  individual  amounts set forth  opposite each Escrow  Stockholder's  name on
Schedule 1. Escrow Agent acknowledges receipt thereof.

          (b) Escrow  Agent  hereby  agrees to act as escrow  agent and to hold,
safeguard  and disburse the Escrow  Stock  pursuant to the terms and  conditions
hereof.

2.   DEFINITIONS

     All capitalized  terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the
meanings assigned to such terms in the Stock Purchase Agreement.

3.   CLAIMS AGAINST THE ESCROW STOCK

     The Escrow Stock shall be held by the Escrow Agent as security and the sole
source of satisfaction  for any Damages incurred from time to time by any of the
Indemnified  Persons  and for which the  Indemnified  Persons  are  entitled  to
recover pursuant to the provisions of Section 9 of the Stock Purchase Agreement.
The Escrow  Stockholders agree that all Damages for which any Indemnified Person
is  entitled to be  indemnified  by Escrow  Stockholders  may be  recovered  and
satisfied by issuance to each  Indemnified  Person of the appropriate  number of
shares of Escrow Stock  determined in accordance  with this  Agreement and to be
recovered from each Escrow  Stockholder in the percentage set forth opposite its
name on  Schedule  1. For all  purposes  under this  Agreement,  and all notices
delivered hereunder,  each share of Escrow Stock shall be deemed to have a value
equal to $1.25 per share.

4.   PROCEDURE FOR INDEMNIFICATION CLAIMS AGAINST THE ESCROW STOCK

          (a) In the event that EDT  believes  in good  faith  that there  exist
reasonable grounds on the part of any of the Indemnified Persons to make a claim
for Damages (an  "Indemnification  Claim")  against the Escrow  Stock,  EDT will
deliver  to the  Escrow  Agent and the  Escrow  Stockholders  a  certificate  in

                                       1
<PAGE>
substantially  the form of Exhibit A attached hereto (a "Notice of Claim").  The
Escrow Agent shall give written notice to EDT and the Escrow Stockholders of its
receipt  of a Notice of Claim  not  later  than the  fifth  (5th)  business  day
following receipt thereof, together with a copy of such Notice of Claim.

          (b) If the Escrow Agent:  (i) shall not,  within fifteen (15) business
days following its receipt of a Notice of Claim (the "Objection  Period"),  have
received from the Escrow Stockholders a certificate in substantially the form of
Exhibit B attached hereto (an "Objection  Certificate") disputing the obligation
to pay the  claims  referred  to in such  Notice of Claim;  or (ii)  shall  have
received  an  Objection  Certificate  within  the  Objection  Period  and  shall
thereafter  have received  either (A) a  certificate  from EDT and the objecting
Escrow  Stockholders  substantially  in the form of Exhibit C attached hereto (a
"Resolution  Certificate")  stating  that EDT and the Escrow  Stockholders  have
agreed  that the  claims  referred  to in such  Notice of Claim (or a  specified
portion  thereof) are payable to EDT, or (B) a final judgment entered in a court
proceeding  or  an  arbitration  order  accompanied  by  a  certificate  of  EDT
substantially   in  the  form  of  Exhibit  D  attached   hereto  (a   "Judgment
Certificate")  stating that the claims referred to in such Notice of Claim (or a
specified  portion  thereof)  are payable to EDT,  then the Escrow  Agent shall,
within five (5) business days following the expiration of the Objection  Period,
in the case of  subclause  (i), or the Escrow  Agent's  receipt of a  Resolution
Certificate or a Judgment Certificate, in the case of subclause (ii), deliver to
EDT the Escrow Stock  against  delivery by EDT of  certificates  evidencing  the
balance of the Escrow Stock equal to the  difference  between (x) the  aggregate
balance of Escrow Stock  originally  delivered  to Escrow Agent  pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement less (y) any Escrow Stock previously  distributed to EDT
and the Escrow  Stockholders  pursuant  to the terms  hereof less (z) the Escrow
Stock to be delivered to EDT in satisfaction  of the applicable  Indemnification
Claim.

          (c) The Escrow Stockholders shall not deliver an Objection Certificate
to the Escrow  Agent unless the Escrow  Stockholders  believe in good faith that
there exists reasonable grounds for the objection set forth in such certificate,
and any  Objection  Certificate  delivered  to the  Escrow  Agent by the  Escrow
Stockholders shall be concurrently delivered to EDT. The Escrow Agent shall give
written notice to EDT and the Escrow Stockholders of its receipt of an Objection
Certificate  not later  than the fifth  (5th)  business  day  following  receipt
thereof, together with a copy of such Objection Certificate. EDT will deliver to
the  Escrow  Stockholders  a  Resolution  Certificate  or  Judgment  Certificate
concurrently  with the  delivery  of such  Resolution  Certificate  or  Judgment
Certificate  to the Escrow Agent.  The Escrow Agent shall give written notice to
EDT and the Escrow  Stockholders  of its receipt of a Resolution  Certificate or
Judgment  Certificate  not later than the fifth  (5th)  business  day  following
receipt thereof, together with a copy of such Resolution Certificate or Judgment
Certificate.

          (d) Upon (i) EDT's  determination  that  reasonable  grounds no longer
exist  for an  Indemnification  Claim  referred  to in a Notice  of Claim  (or a
specified  portion  thereof),  or (ii) EDT's  decision to release its claim with
respect  to any  Indemnification  Claim  referred  to in a Notice of Claim (or a
specified  portion  thereof),  EDT will promptly deliver to the Escrow Agent and
the Escrow  Stockholders  a certificate  substantially  in the form of Exhibit E
attached hereto (a  "Cancellation  Certificate")  canceling such Notice of Claim
(or such specified portion thereof), and such Notice of Claim (or such specified
portion thereof) shall thereupon be deemed canceled. The Escrow Agent shall give

                                       2
<PAGE>
written  notice  to  EDT  and  the  Escrow  Stockholders  of  its  receipt  of a
Cancellation  Certificate  not later than the fifth (5th) business day following
receipt thereof, together with a copy of such Cancellation Certificate.

          (e) Upon receipt of a final judgment  entered in a court proceeding or
an arbitration  order stating that the claims (or a specified  portion  thereof)
referred  to in a  Notice  of Claim as to which  the  Escrow  Stockholders  have
delivered an Objection  Certificate within the Objection Period are not payable,
the Escrow Stockholders shall deliver to the Escrow Agent and EDT a copy of such
order superseding such Notice of Claim (or such specified portion thereof),  and
such Notice of Claim (or such  specified  portion  thereof)  shall  thereupon be
deemed  superseded.  The Escrow Agent shall give  written  notice to EDT and the
Escrow  Stockholders of its receipt of such order not later than the fifth (5th)
business day following receipt thereof.

5.   PERFORMANCE TARGET

     Five Hundred Thousand (500,000) shares of the Escrow Stock will be released
to Escrow Stockholders, in proportion to the percentage of Escrow Stock being in
the  name of each  individual  Escrow  Stockholder,  only if EDT  receives  cash
collections  during the twelve (12) month period following the Closing Date (the
"Performance  Target  Period")  of a  total  of at  least  Two  Million  Dollars
($2,000,000)  from UAL Corp.,  Siemens AG,  Hewlett-Packard  Company,  and their
affiliates and successors.

6.   PROCEDURE FOR RELEASE OF PERFORMANCE TARGET ESCROW STOCK

          (a) EDT will send a certificate in substantially the form of Exhibit F
attached hereto ("Notice") to the Escrow Agent and Escrow  Stockholders,  within
Thirty Days (30) after the end of the Performance Target Period, stating whether
(i) the performance  target as provided in Section 5 has been satisfied and (ii)
whether Five Hundred Thousand  (500,000) shares of the Escrow Stock or, if fewer
than  500,000  shares of Escrow Stock  remain with the Escrow  Agent,  then such
lower number of remaining  shares should be released to Escrow  Stockholders  or
EDT, in proportion  to the  percentage of Escrow Stock being in the name of each
individual Escrow  Stockholder.  The Escrow Agent and Escrow  Stockholders shall
give written notice to EDT of its receipt of the Notice not later than the fifth
(5th)  business day  following  receipt  thereof,  together  with a copy of such
Notice.

          (b) If the Escrow Agent:  (i) shall not,  within fifteen (15) business
days following its receipt of a Notice (the "Objection  Period"),  have received
from the Escrow  Stockholders a certificate in substantially the form of Exhibit
G attached  hereto (an  "Objection  Certificate")  disputing  the  obligation to
deliver the shares as provided in such  Notice;  or (ii) shall have  received an
Objection  Certificate  within the Objection  Period and shall  thereafter  have
received   either  (A)  a  certificate   from  EDT  and  the  objecting   Escrow
Stockholder(s)  substantially  in the  form of  Exhibit  H  attached  hereto  (a
"Resolution  Certificate")  stating  that EDT and the Escrow  Stockholders  have
agreed that the shares  referred to in such Notice  should be released to EDT or
Escrow Stockholders, or (B) a final judgment entered in a court proceeding or an
arbitration order accompanied by a certificate of EDT or the Escrow Stockholders
substantially   in  the  form  of  Exhibit  I  attached   hereto  (a   "Judgment
Certificate")  stating  that the shares  referred  to in such  Notice  should be
released to EDT or Escrow Stockholders, then the Escrow Agent shall, within five
(5) business days following the expiration of the Objection  Period, in the case
of subclause (i), or the Escrow Agent's receipt of a Resolution Certificate or a

                                       3
<PAGE>
Judgment  Certificate,  in the case of subclause (ii),  deliver to EDT or Escrow
Stockholders  the shares as provided in the Notice,  Resolution  Certificate  or
Judgment Certificate.

          (c) The Escrow Stockholders shall not deliver an Objection Certificate
to the Escrow  Agent unless the Escrow  Stockholders  believe in good faith that
there exists reasonable grounds for the objection set forth in such certificate,
and any  Objection  Certificate  delivered  to the  Escrow  Agent by the  Escrow
Stockholders shall be concurrently delivered to EDT. The Escrow Agent shall give
written notice to EDT and the Escrow Stockholders of its receipt of an Objection
Certificate  not later  than the fifth  (5th)  business  day  following  receipt
thereof, together with a copy of such Objection Certificate. EDT will deliver to
the  Escrow  Stockholders  a  Resolution  Certificate  or  Judgment  Certificate
concurrently  with the  delivery  of such  Resolution  Certificate  or  Judgment
Certificate  to the Escrow Agent.  The Escrow Agent shall give written notice to
EDT and the Escrow  Stockholders  of its receipt of a Resolution  Certificate or
Judgment  Certificate  not later than the fifth  (5th)  business  day  following
receipt thereof, together with a copy of such Resolution Certificate or Judgment
Certificate.

          (d) Upon receipt of a final judgment  entered in a court proceeding or
an  arbitration  order  stating that the shares  referred to in the Notice as to
which the Escrow Stockholders have delivered an Objection Certificate within the
Objection  Period  are not  payable  as  provided  in such  Notice,  the  Escrow
Stockholders  shall  deliver  to the  Escrow  Agent and EDT a copy of such order
superseding such Notice (or such specified portion thereof), and such Notice (or
such specified portion thereof) shall thereupon be deemed superseded. The Escrow
Agent  shall  give  written  notice to EDT and the  Escrow  Stockholders  of its
receipt of such  order not later than the fifth  (5th)  business  day  following
receipt thereof.

7.   TERMINATION OF DISBURSEMENTS FROM ESCROW

     The Escrow Agent shall deliver to the Escrow  Stockholders on the date that
is twelve (12) months after the date hereof,  a number of shares of Escrow Stock
equal to the difference  between (i) the then  remaining  shares of Escrow Stock
minus (ii) a number of shares of Escrow Stock equal in value to the value of any
unresolved  pending  Indemnification  Claims (as such value is designated in the
applicable  Notice of  Claim(s)).  The Escrow  Stock  delivered  to each  Escrow
Stockholder will be in the amount of Escrow Stock as determined in the preceding
sentence  multiplied  by the  percentage  of Escrow  Stock  opposite its name on
Schedule  1.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,   Five  Hundred  Thousand  Shares
(500,000)  shall be  retained  by  Escrow  Agent  until the  performance  target
revenues, as provided in Section 6, have been properly accounted.

     This Agreement shall automatically  terminate following the distribution of
all Escrow  Stock.  Notwithstanding  anything to the contrary  contained in this
Agreement or the Stock Purchase  Agreement,  no distribution  shall be made from
escrow if, and to the  extent,  the  aggregate  value of the number of shares of
Escrow Stock remaining in escrow following such distribution  would be less than
the aggregate Damages claimed by EDT under any Notice of Claim then pending.

                                       4
<PAGE>
8.   DUTIES OF ESCROW AGENT

          (a) Escrow  Agent shall not be under any duty to give the Escrow Stock
held by it  hereunder  any greater  degree of care than it gives its own similar
property.

          (b)  Escrow  Agent  shall  not be  liable  for  actions  or  omissions
hereunder, except for its own gross negligence or willful misconduct and, except
with respect to claims based upon such gross  negligence  or willful  misconduct
that are  successfully  asserted  against Escrow Agent, the other parties hereto
shall  jointly and severally  indemnify and hold harmless  Escrow Agent (and any
successor  Escrow  Agent)  from and  against  any and all  losses,  liabilities,
claims, actions, damages and expenses,  including reasonable attorneys' fees and
disbursements, arising out of and in connection with this Agreement.

          (c) Escrow  Agent shall be entitled to rely upon any order,  judgment,
certification,  demand,  notice,  instrument  or other  writing  delivered to it
hereunder   without  being  required  to  determine  the   authenticity  or  the
correctness  of any fact  stated  therein or the  propriety  or  validity of the
service  thereof.  Escrow  Agent  may act in  reliance  upon any  instrument  or
signature believed by it to be genuine and may assume that the person purporting
to give  receipt or advice or make any  statement  or execute  any  document  in
connection with the provisions  hereof has been duly authorized to do so. Escrow
Agent may conclusively presume that the undersigned  representative of any party
hereto  which is an  entity  other  than a  natural  person  has full  power and
authority to instruct Escrow Agent on behalf of that party unless written notice
to the contrary is delivered to Escrow Agent.

          (d) Escrow Agent may act pursuant to the advice of independent counsel
with respect to any matter  relating to this  Agreement  and shall not be liable
for any action  taken or omitted  by it in good  faith in  accordance  with such
advice.

          (e)  Escrow  Agent  does not have any  interest  in the  Escrow  Stock
deposited hereunder but is serving as escrow holder only and has only possession
thereof.

          (f) Escrow Agent makes no  representation  as to the validity,  value,
genuineness  or  collectability  of any security or other document or instrument
held by or delivered to it.

          (g) Escrow  Agent  shall not be called  upon to advise any party as to
the wisdom in selling or retaining or taking or refraining  from any action with
respect to any  securities or other  property  deposited  hereunder.

          (h) Escrow  Agent  (and any  successor  Escrow  Agent) may at any time
resign as such by  delivering  the Escrow  Stock to any  successor  Escrow Agent
jointly  designated by the other parties  hereto in writing,  or to any court of
competent  jurisdiction,  whereupon Escrow Agent shall be discharged of and from
any and all further obligations  arising in connection with this Agreement.  The
resignation  of  Escrow  Agent  will  take  effect  on the  earlier  of (i)  the
appointment  of a  successor  (including  a  court  of  competent  jurisdiction)
mutually agreed upon by EDT and the Escrow Stockholders or (ii) the day which is
thirty (30) days after the date of delivery of its written notice of resignation
to the other parties hereto.  If, at that time,  Escrow Agent has not received a
designation  of a successor  Escrow Agent,  Escrow  Agent's sole  responsibility

                                       5
<PAGE>
after that time shall be to retain and  safeguard the Escrow Stock until receipt
of a  designation  of  successor  Escrow  Agent or a joint  written  disposition
instruction  by the other parties  hereto or a final,  nonappealable  order of a
court of competent jurisdiction.

          (i) In the event of any disagreement  between the other parties hereto
resulting in adverse claims or demands being made in connection  with the Escrow
Stock or in the event that Escrow  Agent is in doubt as to what action it should
take hereunder,  Escrow Agent shall be entitled to retain the Escrow Stock until
Escrow Agent shall have received (i) a final,  nonappealable order of a court of
competent  jurisdiction directing delivery of the Escrow Stock or (ii) a written
agreement  executed by the other parties hereto directing delivery of the Escrow
Stock, in which event Escrow Agent shall disburse the Escrow Stock in accordance
with such order or agreement.  Any court order shall be  accompanied  by a legal
opinion by counsel for the presenting party  satisfactory to Escrow Agent to the
effect that the order is final and nonappealable. Escrow Agent shall act on such
court order and legal opinion without further question.

          (j) EDT and Escrow Stockholders hereby agree to reimburse Escrow Agent
for all  reasonable  expenses,  disbursements  and advances  incurred or made by
Escrow Agent in performance of its duties hereunder (including  reasonable fees,
expenses  and   disbursements  of  its  counsel).   Any  such  compensation  and
reimbursement  to which  Escrow Agent is entitled  shall be borne fifty  percent
(50%) by  Escrow  Stockholders  and  fifty  percent  (50%)  by EDT.  Any fees or
expenses of Escrow Agent or its counsel that are not paid as provided for herein
may be taken from any property held by Escrow Agent hereunder.

          (k) No printed or other  matter in any  language  (including,  without
limitation,  prospectuses,  notices,  reports  and  promotional  material)  that
mentions  Escrow  Agent's  name or the rights,  powers or duties of Escrow Agent
shall be issued by the other parties  hereto or on such  parties'  behalf unless
Escrow Agent shall first have given its specific written consent thereto.

          (l)  The  other  parties  hereto   authorize  Escrow  Agent,  for  any
securities  held  hereunder,  to use the services of any United  States  central
securities  depository  it  reasonably  deems  appropriate,  including,  without
limitation,  the  Depository  Trust  Company and the Federal  Reserve Book Entry
System.

9.   LIMITED RESPONSIBILITY

     This  Agreement  expressly  sets forth all the duties of Escrow  Agent with
respect  to  any  and  all  matters  pertinent  hereto.  No  implied  duties  or
obligations shall be read into this Agreement against Escrow Agent. Escrow Agent
shall not be bound by the  provisions of any  agreement  among the other parties
hereto except this Agreement.

10.  OWNERSHIP FOR TAX PURPOSES

     Escrow  Stockholders  agree that,  for  purposes of federal and other taxes
based on income,  Escrow Stockholders will be treated as the owner of the Escrow
Stock and that  Escrow  Stockholders  will report all  income,  if any,  that is
earned on, or derived  from,  the Escrow Stock as its income in the taxable year
or  years  in  which  such  income  is  properly  includible  and pay any  taxes
attributable thereto.

                                       6
<PAGE>
11.  NOTICES

     All  notices,  Consents,  waivers  and  other  communications  required  or
permitted  under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given to
a party when (a) delivered to the appropriate address by hand or by a nationally
recognized  overnight courier service (costs prepaid);  (b) sent by facsimile or
e-mail (with confirmation by the transmitting equipment); or (c) received by the
addressee,  if sent by certified mail, return receipt requested, in each case to
the following addresses and facsimile numbers and marked to the attention of the
person (by name or title) designated below (or to such other address,  facsimile
number or person as a party may designate by notice to the other parties):

Escrow Stockholders:

     Investor Growth Capital Limited
     12 East 49th Street, 27th Floor
     New York, New York 10017-1028
     Attention: Henry E. Gooss
     Facsimile No.: 212-515-9029
     E-Mail address: henry.e.gooss@investorab.com

     Investor Group, L.P.
     12 East 49th Street, 27th Floor
     New York, New York 10017-1028
     Attention: Henry E. Gooss
     Facsimile No.: 212-515-9029
     E-Mail address: henry.e.gooss@investorab.com

     Leeds Equity Partners III, L.P.
     660 Madison Avenue
     15th Floor
     New York, New York  10021
     Attention: Robert A. Bernstein
     Facsimile No.: 212-835-2020
     E-Mail address: rab@leedsweld.com

with a mandatory copy to:

     Shaw Pittman LLP
     2029 Century Park East, Suite 2025
     Los Angeles, California 90067
     Attention: Eric Klein
     Facsimile No.: 310-551-4501

                                       7
<PAGE>
EDT:

     EDT Learning, Inc.
     2999 N. 44th St., Suite 650
     Phoenix, Arizona  85018-7273
     Attention: James L. Dunn, Jr.
     Facsimile No.: 602-952-1200

with a mandatory copy to:

     Jackson Walker L.L.P.
     901 Main Street, Suite 6000
     Dallas, Texas  75202
     Attention: James S. Ryan, III
     Facsimile No.: 214-953-6000

Escrow Agent:

     Jackson Walker L.L.P.
     901 Main Street, Suite 6000
     Dallas, Texas  75202
     Attention: James S. Ryan, III
     Facsimile No.: 214-953-6000

12.  JURISDICTION; SERVICE OF PROCESS

     Any Proceeding  arising out of or relating to this Agreement may be brought
in the courts of the State of Arizona,  County of Maricopa, or, if it has or can
acquire jurisdiction,  in the United States District Court for Arizona, and each
of the parties  irrevocably  submits to the exclusive  jurisdiction of each such
court in any such  Proceeding  and waives any  objection it may now or hereafter
have to venue or to convenience  of forum,  agrees that all claims in respect of
the Proceeding  shall be heard and determined  only in any such court and agrees
not to bring any Proceeding  arising out of or relating to this Agreement in any
other court. Process in any Proceeding referred to in the preceding sentence may
be served on any party anywhere in the world.

13.  EXECUTION OF AGREEMENT

     This Agreement may be executed in one or more  counterparts,  each of which
will be deemed to be an original copy of this  Agreement and all of which,  when
taken  together,  will be deemed to constitute one and the same  agreement.  The
exchange  of  copies  of this  Agreement  and of  signature  pages by  facsimile
transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Agreement
as to the  parties  and may be used in lieu of the  original  Agreement  for all
purposes.  Signatures of the parties transmitted by facsimile shall be deemed to
be their original signatures for any purposes whatsoever.

                                       8
<PAGE>
14.  SECTION HEADINGS, CONSTRUCTION

     The headings of sections in this  Agreement  are  provided for  convenience
only and will not affect its construction or interpretation.

15.  WAIVER

     The rights and remedies of the parties to this Agreement are cumulative and
not  alternative.  Neither the failure nor any delay by any party in  exercising
any right,  power or privilege under this Agreement or the documents referred to
in this  Agreement  will operate as a waiver of such right,  power or privilege,
and no single or partial  exercise of any such right,  power or  privilege  will
preclude any other or further exercise of such right,  power or privilege or the
exercise of any other right, power or privilege. To the maximum extent permitted
by applicable  law, (a) no claim or right  arising out of this  Agreement or the
documents referred to in this Agreement can be discharged by one party, in whole
or in part, by a waiver or  renunciation of the claim or right unless in writing
signed by the other  party;  (b) no waiver  that may be given by a party will be
applicable  except in the specific  instance  for which it is given;  and (c) no
notice to or demand on one party will be deemed to be a waiver of any obligation
of such party or of the right of the party  giving such notice or demand to take
further  action  without  notice or demand as provided in this  Agreement or the
documents referred to in this Agreement.

16.  ENTIRE AGREEMENT AND MODIFICATION

     This  Agreement  supersedes  all prior  agreements  among the parties  with
respect to its subject matter and constitutes (along with the documents referred
to in this  Agreement)  a complete and  exclusive  statement of the terms of the
agreement between the parties with respect to its subject matter. This Agreement
may not be  amended  except  by a  written  agreement  executed  by EDT,  Escrow
Stockholders and Escrow Agent.

17.  GOVERNING LAW

     This  Agreement  shall  be  governed  by the laws of the  State of  Arizona
without regard to conflicts of law principles that would require the application
of any other law.

                                       9
<PAGE>
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the parties have executed and delivered this Agreement
as of the date first written above.

EDT LEARNING, INC.                      INVESTOR GROWTH CAPITAL LIMITED

By: /s/ James M. Powers, Jr.            By:
    ------------------------------          ------------------------------
Its: CEO                                Its:
     -----------------------------           -----------------------------


INVESTOR GROUP L.P.                     LEEDS EQUITY PARTNERS III, L.P.

By:                                     By:
    ------------------------------          ------------------------------
Its:                                    Its:
     -----------------------------           -----------------------------

ESCROW AGENT

JACKSON WALKER L.L.P.

By:
    ------------------------------
Its:
     -----------------------------

                                       10
<PAGE>
                                    EXHIBIT A

                                 NOTICE OF CLAIM

     The undersigned,  Indemnified  Person,  pursuant to Section 4 of the Escrow
Agreement dated as of June __, 2002 (the "Escrow  Agreement"),  by and among EDT
Learning, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("EDT"), Investor Growth Capital Limited,
a Guernsey  corporation  ("IGCLTD"),  Investor  Group L.P.,  a Guernsey  limited
partnership ("IGLP") (IGCLTD and IGLP collectively  referred to as "IGC"), Leeds
Equity  Partners III, L.P., a Delaware  limited  partnership  ("Leeds") (IGC and
Leeds  collectively  referred  to herein as "Escrow  Stockholders")  and Jackson
Walker L.L.P.,  as escrow agent ("Escrow  Agent"),  (terms defined in the Escrow
Agreement have the same meanings when used herein),  hereby delivers this Notice
of Claim to you, the Escrow Agent, and hereby:

     a. certifies that Indemnified Person has sent to the Escrow  Stockholders a
written  notification  of a claim  for  indemnity  pursuant  to the terms of the
Escrow Agreement in the amount of $_______________; and

     b.  instructs you to deliver to  Indemnified  Person Escrow Stock (value of
$1.25 per share) to satisfy  the amount set forth in  paragraph  (a) above,  and
such Escrow  Stock shall be  delivered  in  accordance  with Section 4(b) of the
Escrow Agreement,  within five (5) Business Days following the expiration of the
Objection  Period,  unless you  receive an  Objection  Certificate  from  Escrow
Stockholders  prior to the expiration of the Objection Period, in which case you
are instructed to pay such amount (or any specified portion thereof) within five
(5)  Business  Days  following  your receipt of a  Resolution  Certificate  or a
Judgment Certificate.

                                        INDEMNIFIED PERSON



                                        By: ____________________________________
                                           [Name], [Title]

Dated:_________________
<PAGE>
                                    EXHIBIT B

                              OBJECTION CERTIFICATE

     The undersigned,  Escrow Stockholders,  pursuant to Section 4 of the Escrow
Agreement dated as of June __, 2002 (the "Escrow  Agreement"),  by and among EDT
Learning, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("EDT"), Investor Growth Capital Limited,
a Guernsey  corporation  ("IGCLTD"),  Investor  Group L.P.,  a Guernsey  limited
partnership ("IGLP") (IGCLTD and IGLP collectively  referred to as "IGC"), Leeds
Equity  Partners III, L.P., a Delaware  limited  partnership  ("Leeds") (IGC and
Leeds  collectively  referred  to herein as "Escrow  Stockholders")  and Jackson
Walker L.L.P.,  as escrow agent ("Escrow  Agent"),  (terms defined in the Escrow
Agreement  have the  same  meanings  when  used  herein),  hereby  deliver  this
Objection Certificate to you, the Escrow Agent, and hereby:

     a. dispute  that the claims for Damages  referred to in the Notice of Claim
dated  ____________ are payable to Indemnified  Person (identified in the Notice
of Claim) pursuant to the terms of Section 9 of the Stock Purchase Agreement;

     b. certify that the  undersigned  has sent to Indemnified  Person a written
statement  dated  _____________  disputing the liability of the  undersigned  to
Indemnified Person for such claim; and

     c. instruct you to withhold delivery to Indemnified  Person of Escrow Stock
(value of $1.25 per share) to satisfy  the  amount  set forth in  paragraph  (a)
unless and until you receive a Resolution Certificate or a Judgment Certificate,
in which case you are  authorized to deliver Escrow Stock to satisfy such amount
(or any portion  thereof)  specified in such Resolution  Certificate or Judgment
Certificate, and such Escrow Stock shall be delivered in accordance with Section
4(b) of the Escrow  Agreement,  within five (5)  Business  Days  following  your
receipt of such Resolution Certificate or a Judgment Certificate.

                                        ESCROW STOCKHOLDERS:

                                        INVESTOR GROWTH CAPITAL LIMITED

                                        By:      _______________________________
                                        Its:     _______________________________


                                        INVESTOR GROUP L.P.

                                        By:      _______________________________
                                        Its:     _______________________________

                                        LEEDS EQUITY PARTNERS III, L.P.

                                        By:      _______________________________
                                        Its:     _______________________________

Dated: _________________
<PAGE>
                                    EXHIBIT C

                             RESOLUTION CERTIFICATE

     The undersigned,  Indemnified  Person,  pursuant to Section 4 of the Escrow
Agreement dated as of June __, 2002 (the "Escrow  Agreement"),  by and among EDT
Learning, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("EDT"), Investor Growth Capital Limited,
a Guernsey  corporation  ("IGCLTD"),  Investor  Group L.P.,  a Guernsey  limited
partnership ("IGLP") (IGCLTD and IGLP collectively  referred to as "IGC"), Leeds
Equity  Partners III, L.P., a Delaware  limited  partnership  ("Leeds") (IGC and
Leeds   collectively   referred   to  herein  as  "Escrow   Stockholders")   and
_____________________,  as escrow agent ("Escrow Agent"),  (terms defined in the
Escrow Agreement have the same meanings when used herein),  hereby delivers this
Resolution Certificate to you, the Escrow Agent, and hereby:

     d.  certify  that  Indemnified  Person  and the  Escrow  Stockholders  have
resolved  their dispute as to the claims  described in the Notice of Claim dated
_____________ and the related Objection Certificate dated _____________ and that
the amount owed with  respect to the claims  described in such  certificates  is
$______________; and

     e.  instruct you to deliver to  Indemnified  Person  Escrow Stock (value of
$1.25 per share) to satisfy  the amount set forth in  paragraph  (a) above,  and
such Escrow  Stock shall be  delivered  in  accordance  with Section 4(b) of the
Escrow  Agreement,  within  five  (5)  Business  Days  of your  receipt  of this
Resolution Certificate.

                                        [INDEMNIFIED PERSON]


                                        By:_____________________________
                                            [Name], [Title]


                                        ESCROW STOCKHOLDERS:

                                        INVESTOR GROWTH CAPITAL LIMITED

                                        By: _____________________________
                                        Its:_____________________________

                                        INVESTOR GROUP L.P.

                                        By: _____________________________
                                        Its:_____________________________

                                        LEEDS EQUITY PARTNERS III, L.P.

                                        By: _____________________________
                                        Its:_____________________________

Dated:_________________
<PAGE>
                                    EXHIBIT D

                              JUDGMENT CERTIFICATE

     The undersigned,  Indemnified  Person,  pursuant to Section 4 of the Escrow
Agreement dated as of June __, 2002 (the "Escrow  Agreement"),  by and among EDT
Learning, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("EDT"), Investor Growth Capital Limited,
a Guernsey  corporation  ("IGCLTD"),  Investor  Group L.P.,  a Guernsey  limited
partnership ("IGLP"), (IGCLTD and IGLP collectively referred to as "IGC"), Leeds
Equity  Partners III, L.P., a Delaware  limited  partnership  ("Leeds") (IGC and
Leeds   collectively   referred   to  herein  as  "Escrow   Stockholders")   and
_____________________,  as escrow agent ("Escrow Agent"),  (terms defined in the
Escrow Agreement have the same meanings when used herein),  hereby delivers this
Judgment Certificate to you, the Escrow Agent, and hereby:

     f. certifies that attached  hereto is a copy of a final  arbitration  order
resolving the dispute  between  Indemnified  Person and the  undersigned  Escrow
Stockholders as to the claim described in the Notice of Claim dated ____________
and the related Objection  Certificate dated  ______________ and that the amount
owed with respect to the claim  described in such  certificates,  as provided in
such judgment, is $______________; and

     g. instructs you to deliver to Indemnified  Person such number of shares of
Escrow  Stock  (value of $1.25 per  share) to  satisfy  the  amount set forth in
paragraph (a) above, and such Escrow Stock shall be delivered in accordance with
Section  4(b) of the Escrow  Agreement,  within five (5)  Business  Days of your
receipt of this Resolution Certificate.

                                        [INDEMNIFIED PERSON]



                                        By: _____________________________
                                            [Name], [Title]

Dated:_________________
<PAGE>
                                    EXHIBIT E

                            CANCELLATION CERTIFICATE

     The undersigned,  Indemnified  Person,  pursuant to Section 4 of the Escrow
Agreement dated as of June __, 2002 (the "Escrow  Agreement"),  by and among EDT
Learning, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("EDT"), Investor Growth Capital Limited,
a Guernsey  corporation  ("IGCLTD"),  Investor  Group L.P.,  a Guernsey  limited
partnership ("IGLP") (IGCLTD and IGLP collectively  referred to as "IGC"), Leeds
Equity  Partners III, L.P., a Delaware  limited  partnership  ("Leeds") (IGC and
Leeds   collectively   referred   to  herein  as  "Escrow   Stockholders")   and
_____________________,  as escrow agent ("Escrow Agent"),  (terms defined in the
Escrow Agreement have the same meanings when used herein),  hereby delivers this
Cancellation Certificate to you, the Escrow Agent, and hereby:

     h. certifies that it hereby releases [all] [specify  portion] of the claims
designated in the Notice of Claim dated _________________ and that, as a result,
the remaining Damages claimed by Indemnified  Person with respect to such Notice
of Claim is $__________; and

     i. agrees that such Notice of Claim is, to the extent  released as provided
in paragraph (a) above, canceled.

                                        [INDEMNIFIED PERSON]



                                        By: _____________________________
                                            [Name], [Title]

Dated:_________________
<PAGE>
                                    EXHIBIT F

                                     NOTICE

     The undersigned,  pursuant to Section 6 of the Escrow Agreement dated as of
June __, 2002 (the  "Escrow  Agreement"),  by and among EDT  Learning,  Inc.,  a
Delaware  corporation  ("EDT"),  Investor  Growth  Capital  Limited,  a Guernsey
corporation  ("IGCLTD"),  Investor  Group L.P., a Guernsey  limited  partnership
("IGLP")  (IGCLTD  and IGLP  collectively  referred to as "IGC"),  Leeds  Equity
Partners III,  L.P., a Delaware  limited  partnership  ("Leeds")  (IGC and Leeds
collectively    referred    to   herein   as    "Escrow    Stockholders")    and
_____________________,  as escrow agent ("Escrow Agent"),  (terms defined in the
Escrow Agreement have the same meanings when used herein),  hereby delivers this
Notice to you, the Escrow Agent, and hereby:

     j.  certifies  that  EDT has  sent to the  Escrow  Stockholders  a  written
notification  stating that the performance  target [has/has not] been satisfied;
and

     k.  instructs  you to deliver to  [EDT/Escrow  Stockholders]  Five  Hundred
Thousand  shares  (500,000)  of  Escrow  Stock  within  five (5)  Business  Days
following  the  expiration  of the  Objection  Period,  unless  you  receive  an
Objection  Certificate from Escrow  Stockholders  prior to the expiration of the
Objection  Period,  in which case you are instructed to deliver the Escrow Stock
within five (5) Business Days following your receipt of a Resolution Certificate
or a Judgment Certificate.

                                        EDT LEARNING, INC.



                                        By:_________________________________
                                        Its:________________________________

Dated:_________________
<PAGE>
                                    EXHIBIT G

                              OBJECTION CERTIFICATE

     The undersigned,  pursuant to Section 6 of the Escrow Agreement dated as of
June __, 2002 (the  "Escrow  Agreement"),  by and among EDT  Learning,  Inc.,  a
Delaware  corporation  ("EDT"),  Investor  Growth  Capital  Limited,  a Guernsey
corporation  ("IGCLTD"),  Investor  Group L.P., a Guernsey  limited  partnership
("IGLP")  (IGCLTD  and IGLP  collectively  referred to as "IGC"),  Leeds  Equity
Partners III,  L.P., a Delaware  limited  partnership  ("Leeds")  (IGC and Leeds
collectively    referred    to   herein   as    "Escrow    Stockholders")    and
_____________________,  as escrow agent ("Escrow Agent"),  (terms defined in the
Escrow Agreement have the same meanings when used herein),  hereby delivers this
Notice to you, the Escrow Agent, and hereby:

     l. dispute that the performance target has not been satisfied;

     m. certify that the undersigned  has sent to EDT a written  statement dated
_____________  disputing EDT's determination that the performance target has not
been satisfied; and

     n.  instruct you to withhold  delivery to EDT of the Five Hundred  Thousand
shares  (500,000)  of Escrow Stock (a) unless and until you receive a Resolution
Certificate  or a  Judgment  Certificate,  in which case you are  authorized  to
deliver the Escrow Stock  specified in such  Resolution  Certificate or Judgment
Certificate  within  five (5)  Business  Days  following  your  receipt  of such
Resolution Certificate or a Judgment Certificate.

                                        ESCROW STOCKHOLDERS:

                                         INVESTOR GROWTH CAPITAL LIMITED

                                         By:  _____________________________
                                         Its: _____________________________

                                         INVESTOR GROUP L.P.

                                         By:  _____________________________
                                         Its: _____________________________

                                         LEEDS EQUITY PARTNERS III, L.P.

                                         By:  _____________________________
                                         Its: _____________________________

Dated: _________________
<PAGE>
                                    EXHIBIT H

                             RESOLUTION CERTIFICATE

     The undersigned,  pursuant to Section 6 of the Escrow Agreement dated as of
June __, 2002 (the  "Escrow  Agreement"),  by and among EDT  Learning,  Inc.,  a
Delaware  corporation  ("EDT"),  Investor  Growth  Capital  Limited,  a Guernsey
corporation  ("IGCLTD"),  Investor  Group L.P., a Guernsey  limited  partnership
("IGLP")  (IGCLTD  and IGLP  collectively  referred to as "IGC"),  Leeds  Equity
Partners III,  L.P., a Delaware  limited  partnership  ("Leeds")  (IGC and Leeds
collectively    referred    to   herein   as    "Escrow    Stockholders")    and
_____________________,  as escrow agent ("Escrow Agent"),  (terms defined in the
Escrow Agreement have the same meanings when used herein),  hereby delivers this
Notice to you, the Escrow Agent, and hereby:

     o. certify that EDT and the undersigned  Escrow  Stockholders have resolved
their dispute as to the dispute described in the Notice dated  _____________ and
the related Objection Certificate dated _____________; and

     p.  instruct  you to  deliver to  [EDT/Escrow  Stockholders]  Five  Hundred
Thousand shares (500,000) of Escrow Stock, within five (5) Business Days of your
receipt of this Resolution Certificate.

                                        EDT LEARNING, INC.


                                        By:_______________________________
                                        Its:______________________________

                                        ESCROW STOCKHOLDERS:

                                        INVESTOR GROWTH CAPITAL LIMITED

                                        By:  _____________________________
                                        Its: _____________________________

                                        INVESTOR GROUP L.P.

                                        By:  _____________________________
                                        Its: _____________________________

                                        LEEDS EQUITY PARTNERS III, L.P.

                                        By:  _____________________________
                                        Its: _____________________________


Dated:_________________
<PAGE>
                                    EXHIBIT I

                              JUDGMENT CERTIFICATE

     The undersigned,  pursuant to Section 6 of the Escrow Agreement dated as of
June __, 2002 (the  "Escrow  Agreement"),  by and among EDT  Learning,  Inc.,  a
Delaware  corporation  ("EDT"),  Investor  Growth  Capital  Limited,  a Guernsey
corporation  ("IGCLTD"),  Investor  Group L.P., a Guernsey  limited  partnership
("IGLP")  (IGCLTD  and IGLP  collectively  referred to as "IGC"),  Leeds  Equity
Partners III,  L.P., a Delaware  limited  partnership  ("Leeds")  (IGC and Leeds
collectively    referred    to   herein   as    "Escrow    Stockholders")    and
_____________________,  as escrow agent ("Escrow Agent"),  (terms defined in the
Escrow Agreement have the same meanings when used herein),  hereby delivers this
Notice to you, the Escrow Agent, and hereby:

     q. certifies that attached  hereto is a copy of a final  arbitration  order
resolving the dispute  between EDT and the Escrow  Stockholders  as to the claim
described in the Notice dated ____________ and the related Objection Certificate
dated ______________; and

     r.  instructs  you to deliver to  [EDT/Escrow  Stockholders]  Five  Hundred
Thousand shares (500,000) of Escrow Stock, within five (5) Business Days of your
receipt of this Judgment Certificate.

                                     [EDT LEARNING, INC. OR ESCROW STOCKHOLDERS]


                                     By:________________________________
                                     Its:_______________________________

Dated:_________________
<PAGE>
                                   SCHEDULE 1

                                             AMOUNT OF           PERCENTAGE OF
      ESCROW STOCKHOLDER                    ESCROW STOCK         ESCROW STOCK
      ------------------                    ------------         ------------
Investor Growth Capital Limited                350,000                35%

Investor Group L.P.                            150,000                15%

Leeds Equity Partners III, L.P.                500,000                50%

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
