<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>0002.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.1
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                     EXHIBIT 2.1

                                                                  CONFORMED COPY














                              ACQUISITION AGREEMENT

                                  By and Among

                            GREENAWAY HOLDINGS LTD.,

                                  SCSK5406 APS,

                               LOOP TELECOM, S.A.,


                     THE SHAREHOLDERS OF LOOP TELECOM, S.A.,

                               -------------------


                                       AND

                        COVAD COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.



                          Dated as of September 8, 2000


<PAGE>

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                                           <C>
                                                                                                              Page
ARTICLE I.Definitions                                                                                           2
         Section 1.1  Definitions...............................................................................2

ARTICLE II.Sale and Purchase of the Shares,                                                                     6
         Section 2.1  Agreement to Sell and Purchase............................................................6
         Section 2.2  Closing...................................................................................7
         Section 2.3  Use of Proceeds...........................................................................8
         Section 2.4 Payment of the balance of the Subscription Price and the Purchase Price....................8

ARTICLE III.Representations and Warranties                                                                      8
         Section 3.1  Representations and Warranties of the Company, the Loop Shareholders and the Seller.......8
         Section 3.2  Representations and Warranties of Loop and the Loop Shareholders.........................12
         Section 3.3  Representations and Warranties of .......................................................25
         Section 3.4   Representations and Warranties of the Seller............................................26
         Section 3.5   Representations and Warranties of the Purchaser.........................................28

ARTICLE IV.Conduct of Business Pending the Closing                                                             30
         Section 4.1  Conduct of the Business Pending the Closing..............................................30
         Section 4.2       Restriction on Conduct of Business of the Company and Loop..........................30
         Section 4.3  Access to Information....................................................................33
         Section 4.4  No Solicitation..........................................................................33

ARTICLE V.Other Agreements                                                                                     34
         Section 5.1       Conversion..........................................................................34
         Section 5.2       [Intentionally Omitted].............................................................34
         Section 5.3       Public Statements...................................................................35
         Section 5.4       Reasonable Commercial Efforts.......................................................35
         Section 5.5  Notification of Certain Matters..........................................................35
         Section 5.6  Tax Elections............................................................................36
         Section 5.7  Further Assurances.......................................................................36

ARTICLE VI.Conditions Precedent                                                                                36
         Section 6.1  Conditions to Obligations of Purchaser and Seller........................................36
         Section 6.2  Additional Conditions of the Purchaser...................................................37
         Section 6.3  Additional Conditions of the Seller......................................................38

ARTICLE VII.Term                                                                                               39
         Section 7.1  Termination..............................................................................39
         Section 7.2  Effect of Termination....................................................................40
</TABLE>

                                                             ii
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                                           <C>
ARTICLE VIII.Miscellaneous                                                                                     40
         Section 8.1  Survival of Representations and Warranties...............................................40
         Section 8.2  Notices..................................................................................40
         Section 8.3  Entire Agreement; Amendment..............................................................42
         Section 8.4  Counterparts.............................................................................42
         Section 8.5  Governing Law............................................................................42
         Section 8.6  Indemnification by the Loop Shareholders.................................................43
         Section 8.7  Fees and Expenses........................................................................43
         Section 8.8  Indemnification by Loop and the Loop Shareholders........................................43
         Section 8.9  Successors and Assigns; Third Party Beneficiaries........................................45
         Section 8.10  Indemnification by the Purchaser........................................................45
         Section 8.11      Arbitration.........................................................................46
         Section 8.12 Exclusive Remedy.........................................................................47
         Section 8.13  Specific Performance....................................................................47
         Section 8.14  Headings, Captions and Table of Contents................................................47
         Section 8.15  Interpretation and Construction.........................................................47
</TABLE>

                                                           iii
<PAGE>

                                    SCHEDULES

         3.1(d)     - Company Consents
         3.1(f)     -  Company Financial Statements
         3.2(d)     -  Loop Consents
         3.2(e)     -  Voting Arrangements
         3.2(f)     -  Loop Financial Statements
         3.2(h)     -  Permits
         3.2(l)     -  Company Employees / Consulting Agreements
         3.2(m)     -  Material Agreements
         3.2(q)     -  Intellectual Property
         3.2(w)     -  Transactions with Affiliates
         3.2(x)     -  Brokers and Finders
         3.2(aa)    -  Board Members
         3.3(d)     -  Ownership of Loop's Common Stock



                                    EXHIBITS

         Exhibit A - Board Resolution
         Exhibit B - Loop Shareholders Agreement
         Exhibit C - Loop Shareholders Resolution
         Exhibit D - Loop Stock Option Plan
         Exhibit E - [Intentionally Omitted]
         Exhibit F - Purchaser's First Note
         Exhibit G - Purchaser's Second Note
         Exhibit H - Employment Term Sheet

                                        v
<PAGE>


                              ACQUISITION AGREEMENT

          ACQUISITION AGREEMENT, dated as of September 8, 2000 (this
"AGREEMENT"), by and among (i) Greenaway Holdings Ltd., a company organized
under the laws of the British Virgin Islands (the "SELLER"), (ii) SCSK5406 APS,
a company organized under the laws of Denmark (to be known by Closing as Loop
Holdings Europe APS) (the "COMPANY"), (iii) Loop Telecom, S.A., a corporation
organized under the laws of Spain ("LOOP"), (iv) Messrs. Steven Willens, a U.S.
citizen, Wyatt Rosental, a U.S. citizen, Gonzalo Mendoza Zabala, a Spanish
citizen, Antonio Mendoza Zabala, a Spanish citizen, Alvaro Mendoza Zabala, a
Spanish citizen, Ana Maria Mendoza Zabala, a Spanish citizen, Belen Mendoza
Zabala, a Spanish citizen, Mercedes Mendoza Zabala, a Spanish citizen, Jose Luis
Mendoza Zabala, a Spanish citizen, (all the Mendoza Zabala individuals, the
"MENDOZA FAMILY", and together with Mendala S.L. the "MENDALA GROUP"), Mendala
S.L., a company organized under the laws of Spain and Rosental Equity Partners
LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of Delaware (all the
aforesaid individuals, Mendala S.L. and Rosental Equity Partners LLC,
collectively, the "LOOP SHAREHOLDERS" and each of them a "LOOP SHAREHOLDER"),
and (v) Covad Communications Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
"PURCHASER"). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined where used shall have the
meanings ascribed thereto in Article I.

          WHEREAS, Loop provides Internet Protocol based broadband data and
telecommunications services to enterprises and independent professionals in
Spain and Portugal;

          WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, (i)
the Seller owns 100% of the outstanding capital stock of the Company; (ii) the
Company will own at Closing certain securities in Loop; and (iii) the Purchaser
intends to purchase from the Seller, and the Seller intends to sell to the
Purchaser, 100% of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company;

          WHEREAS, the Company currently has a registered capital stock in the
total amount of 125,000 Danish Krona which is fully paid in and is exclusively
composed of shares of common stock, with a par value of 1.000 Danish Krona each,
with the exclusion of any other category of shares, warrants, rights or other
securities;

          WHEREAS, Loop currently has a registered capital stock in the total
amount of euro 354,285.6 which is fully paid in and is exclusively composed of
shares of common stock, with a par value of euro 0.24 each, with the exclusion
of any other category of shares, warrants, rights or other securities other than
its existing stock option plan;

          WHEREAS, at the Closing, and in accordance with the Loop Shareholders
Resolution, the Loop Shareholders and the Company will hold all of the
outstanding shares of common stock of Loop and will have entered into certain
agreements which will be effective


<PAGE>

upon the Closing and which relate to the governance and management of Loop and
the transfer of shares of capital stock of Loop;

          WHEREAS, the Seller, the Company, Loop, the Loop Shareholders and the
Purchaser desire to set forth certain agreements herein.

          NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the
representations, warranties and agreements herein contained and intending to be
legally bound hereby, the parties hereby agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I.

                                   DEFINITIONS

          Section I.1    DEFINITIONS. As used in this Agreement, the following
     terms shall have the meanings set forth below: -----------

               "ACTIVITY LICENSE LOSSES" shall have the meaning set forth in
          Section 8.8

               "AFFILIATE" shall mean, with respect to any Person, any other
          Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or
          is under common control with, such Person. As used in this definition,
          "control" (including its correlative meanings, "controlled by" and
          "under common control with") shall mean the possession, directly or
          indirectly, of power to direct or cause the direction of management or
          policies (whether through ownership of securities or partnership or
          other ownership interests, by contract or otherwise).

               "ANCILLARY DOCUMENTS" shall mean the Loop Shareholders Agreement,
          the Loop Shareholders Resolution and the Board Resolution.

               "ARROW LOSSES" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.8

               "BOARD MEETING" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
          3.2(y).

               "BOARD RESOLUTION" shall mean the resolution to be passed on the
          Closing Date at the Board Meeting substantially in the form of Exhibit
          A hereto.

               "BUSINESS DAY" shall mean any day, other than a Saturday, Sunday
          or a day on which commercial banks in New York, New York (U.S.A.) or
          Barcelona, Spain, are authorized or obligated by law or executive
          order to close.

               "CLOSING" and "CLOSING DATE" shall have the meanings set forth in
          Section 2.2(a).


                                       2
<PAGE>

               "COMMON STOCK" shall mean the common stock, par value euro 0.24
          (0.0024 after the Closing) per share, of Loop, each of which is
          entitled to three votes.

               "COMPANY" shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble
          hereto.

               "COMPANY'S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS" shall have the meaning set forth
          in Section 3.1(f).

               "CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATION" shall mean, as to any Person, any
          provision of any note, bond or security issued by such Person, or
          of any mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, lease, license, franchise,
          contract, agreement, instrument or undertaking to which such Person is
          a party or by which it or any of its property is subject.

               "DANISH GAAP" shall mean generally accepted accounting principles
          in Denmark in effect from time to time.

               "EMPLOYMENT TERM SHEETS" shall mean the term sheets substantially
          in the form attached as Exhibit H hereto.

               "ESCROW AGREEMENT" shall have the meaning set forth in the
          Shareholders Agreement.

               "EXCHANGE ACT" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
          amended.

               "FINANCIAL STATEMENTS" shall have the meaning set forth in
          Section 3.2(f).

               "GAAP" shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in
          Spain in effect from time to time including, in the case of the
          unaudited interim accounts referred to in Section 3.2 (f)(I), such
          modifications to the generally accepted accounting principles in Spain
          as are customarily applied to unaudited interim financial statements.

               "GOVERNMENTAL ENTITY" shall mean any nation or government, any
          state or other political subdivision thereof, any entity exercising
          executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative
          functions of or pertaining to government and any self-regulating
          organization, securities exchange or securities trading system.

               "INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY" shall have the meaning set forth in
          Section 3.2(q)(A).

               "LABOR PLAN LOSSES" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
          8.8.

               "LIABILITIES" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(l).

               "LIEN" shall mean any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation,
          assignment, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other) or security
          agreement of any kind or nature whatsoever


                                       3
<PAGE>

          (including, without limitation, any conditional sale or other title
          retention agreement or any financing lease having substantially
          the same effect as any of the foregoing).

               "LOOP SHAREHOLDERS AGREEMENT" shall mean the Loop Shareholders
          Agreement in substantially in the form of Exhibit B, attached hereto,
          which shall be effective as of the date of the Closing.

               "LOOP SHAREHOLDERS" shall have the meaning set forth in the
          preamble hereto.

               "LOOP SHAREHOLDERS MEETING" shall have the meaning set forth in
          Section 3.2(y).

               "LOOP SHAREHOLDERS RESOLUTION" shall mean the resolutions of the
          Loop Shareholders substantially in the form of Exhibit C.

               "LOSSES" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.8(a).

               "MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT" shall mean a material adverse effect
          individually or in the aggregate on (i) with respect to the
          Company or Loop, the assets, business condition, results of operations
          or financial condition of the Company or Loop or (ii) with respect to
          any party, the ability of such party to timely perform its obligations
          under this Agreement or any Ancillary Document to which it is a party.
          The dollar thresholds set forth in the definition of "Material
          Agreement" shall not affect the meaning and interpretation of
          "Material Adverse Effect."

               "MATERIAL AGREEMENT" shall mean any contract, lease, restriction,
          agreement, instrument or commitment to which the entity at issue
          is a party or by which its properties are bound (i) which provides a
          benefit to such entity of, or commits such entity to expend, euro
          50,000 or more (or, in the case of any agreement with any customer of
          such entity, euro 10,000 or more), (ii) which if breached by any party
          thereto would result in liability or loss to such entity of euro
          50,000 or more (or in the case of any agreement with any customer of
          such entity, euro 10,000 or more) or (iii) which is otherwise material
          to the business conducted by Loop.

               "MENDALA GROUP" shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble.

               "MENDOZA FAMILY" shall have the meaning set forth in the
          preamble.

               "PARTIES" shall mean the Company, the Loop Shareholders, the
          Seller, Loop and the Purchaser, collectively, and "PARTY" shall
          mean any of the Company, the Loop Shareholders, the Seller, Loop or
          the Purchaser.

          "PERMITS" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(h).


                                       4
<PAGE>

               "PERMITTED LIENS" shall mean (i) mechanics', carriers',
          repairmen's or other like Liens arising or incurred in the
          ordinary course of business, (ii) Liens arising under original
          purchase price conditioned sales contracts and equipment leases with
          third parties entered into in the ordinary course of business
          consistent with past practice, (iii) statutory Liens for Taxes not yet
          due and payable and (iv) other encumbrances or restrictions or
          imperfections of title which do not materially impair the continued
          use and operation of the assets to which they relate.

               "PERSON" shall mean an individual, corporation, unincorporated
          association, partnership, group (as defined in Section 13(d)(3)
          of the Exchange Act), trust, joint stock company, joint venture,
          business trust or unincorporated organization, limited liability
          company, any Governmental Entity or any other entity of whatever
          nature.

               "PREFERRED STOCK" shall mean the preferred stock, par value euro
          0.0024 per share, of Loop, to be issued to the Company which will
          be convertible at any time into shares of Common Stock of Loop with a
          1:1 conversion ratio and shall include the same dividend rights as the
          Common Stock of Loop, as well as the following additional rights
          (which are reflected in Loop's by-laws as amended by the Loop
          Shareholders' Resolutions): the holders of the Preferred Stock shall
          receive, upon liquidation of Loop, a liquidation quota which will
          comprise paid-in par value, issue premium and any paid-in ancillary
          contribution (PRESTACION ACCESORIA) attached to such Preferred Stock
          before holders of Common Stock of Loop receive any amount upon the
          liquidation of Loop. Each share of Preferred Stock shall have one
          vote.

               "PURCHASER" shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble
          hereto.

               "PURCHASER'S FIRST NOTE" shall be the note substantially in the
          form of Exhibit F attached hereto.

               "PURCHASER'S NOTES" shall mean the Purchaser's First Note and the
          Purchaser's Second Note.

               "PURCHASER'S SECOND NOTE" shall be the note substantially in the
          form of Exhibit G attached hereto.

               "REQUIREMENT OF LAW" shall mean, as to any Person, the
          certificate of incorporation and by-laws or other organizational
          documents of such Person, and any law, statute, order, treaty, rule or
          regulation, or judgment, decree, determination or order of any
          arbitrator, court or other Governmental Entity, applicable to or
          binding upon such Person or any of its property.

               "SHARES" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a).


                                       5
<PAGE>

               "STOCK OPTION PLAN" shall mean the stock option plan of Loop
          substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D.

               "SUBSIDIARY" shall mean, as to any Person, a corporation,
          partnership, limited liability company, joint venture or other
          entity of which shares of stock or other ownership interests having
          ordinary voting power (other than stock or such other ownership
          interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a
          contingency) to elect a majority of the board of directors or other
          managers of such corporation, partnership or other entity are at the
          time owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled,
          directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by
          such Person.

               "SURVIVING REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES" shall mean the
          representations and warranties contained in Section 3.1(e)(ii) and
          3.2(e)(ii).

               "TAX" or, collectively, "TAXES" shall mean any and all federal,
          state, local and foreign taxes, assessments and other
          governmental charges, duties, impositions and liabilities, including
          taxes based upon or measured by gross receipts, income, profits,
          sales, use and occupation, and value added, ad valorem, transfer,
          gains, franchise, withholding, payroll, recapture, employment, excise,
          unemployment insurance, social security, business license, occupation,
          business organization, stamp, environmental and property taxes,
          together with all interest, penalties and additions imposed with
          respect to such amounts. For purposes of this Agreement, "Taxes" also
          includes any obligations under any agreements or arrangements with any
          other person with respect to Taxes of such other person (including
          pursuant to Treas. Reg. Section 1.1502-6 or comparable provisions of
          state, local or foreign tax law) and including any liability for taxes
          of any predecessor entity.

               "TAX RETURNS" shall mean any return, amended return or other
          report required to be filed with respect to any Tax, including
          declaration of estimated tax and information returns.


                                   ARTICLE II.

                        SALE AND PURCHASE OF THE SHARES,

          Section II.1  AGREEMENT TO SELL AND PURCHASE.

          (a) Upon and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in
this Agreement, and in reliance upon the representations and warranties
hereinafter set forth, the Purchaser agrees to


                                       6
<PAGE>

purchase from the Seller, or to cause one of its Affiliates to purchase from the
Seller, and the Seller agrees to sell, transfer and deliver to the Purchaser, or
to one of its Affiliates if and as instructed by the Purchaser in writing at
least two Business Days before the Closing, all of the outstanding shares of
capital stock of Company on a fully diluted basis (the "SHARES"), at the Closing
provided for in Section 2.2 hereof, for an aggregate purchase price equal to the
equivalent in euros (at the exchange rates that will be fixed three Business
Days before each of the respective payment dates, as detailed in Section 2.1(b))
of US$ 50,000,000 (the "PURCHASE PRICE") to be paid as specified in Section
2.1(b).

          (b) The Parties agree that the Purchase Price shall be paid in
three installments, as follows:

     (x) US$ 15 million at Closing (the "FIRST INSTALLMENT");
     (y) US$ 15 million six months after Closing (the "SECOND INSTALLMENT"); and
     (z) US$ 20 million (the "LAST PAYMENT") twelve months after Closing (the
     "LAST PAYMENT DATE").

The Parties also agree that (i) at Closing the Purchaser, or one of its
Affiliates, shall deliver to Seller the amount indicated under (x) above in
immediately available funds and two promissory notes, in substantially the forms
attached hereto as Exhibit F (the "PURCHASER'S FIRST NOTE") and Exhibit G (the
"PURCHASER'S SECOND NOTE", and together with the Purchaser's First Note, the
"PURCHASER'S NOTES"), in the amounts and with the maturity dates set forth under
(y) and (z) above; (ii) the Purchaser, or one of its Affiliates, shall pay to
the Seller the equivalent in euros of the aforesaid amounts, at the times and at
the exchange rates indicated in Section 2.1(a); and (iii) no interest shall
accrue on the outstanding portion of the Purchase Price at any moment, subject
to Section 2.4.

          Section II.2 CLOSING. (a) Subject to the satisfaction or
waiver of the conditions set forth in this Agreement, the "CLOSING" shall take
place at the offices of Cuatrecasas, in Barcelona, Spain, on September 21, 2000,
as long as all conditions in Sections 6.1 and 6.2 are satisfied by that date or,
if this is not the case, within three Business Days after the conditions in
Sections 6.1 and 6.2 are satisfied or waived by the Purchaser or the Company, as
the case may be (the "CLOSING DATE"), or at such other time and place as may be
mutually agreed upon by Purchaser and the Company.

          (b) At the Closing: (i) the Seller shall deliver to the
Purchaser, against payment of the amount indicated in Section 2.1(b)(x) and
delivery of the Purchaser's Notes, the certificates of the Shares, registered in
the name of the Purchaser, or its Affiliate if nominated pursuant to Section
2.1(a), and which at Closing shall represent 100% of the outstanding capital
stock of the Company, on a fully diluted basis; (ii) the Purchaser, in payment
for the Shares, against delivery of the relevant share certificates, shall
deliver to the Seller the Purchaser's Notes and immediately available funds, by
wire transfer to such account as the Seller shall specify in writing at least
three Business Days prior to the Closing Date, in the total amount indicated in
Section 2.1(b)(x); and (iii) each Party shall take or cause to happen such other
actions, and shall execute and deliver such other instruments or documents, as
shall be required hereunder or reasonably requested by another Party to this
Agreement or the Ancillary Documents.


                                       7
<PAGE>

          Section II.3 USE OF PROCEEDS. The proceeds of the sale of the
     Shares shall be used by the Seller to pay off any outstanding debt,
     promissory note or payment obligation that the Seller may have towards the
     Company and/or Loop as soon as any such debt, promissory note or payment
     obligation falls due.

          Section II.4 PAYMENT OF THE BALANCE OF THE SUBSCRIPTION PRICE AND
THE PURCHASE PRICE. The Purchaser shall timely pay the remaining two
installments of the Purchase Price, as reflected in the Purchaser's Notes, to
the Seller in immediately available funds, by wire transfer to the same bank
account to which the amount indicated in Section 2.1 (b) (x) will be paid
pursuant to Section 2.2(b)(ii) or to such different account as the Seller shall
specify in writing at least three Business Days prior to the relevant payment
date, it being understood that, should the Purchaser fail to timely pay either
of the amounts indicated in the Purchaser's Notes, interest at the rate of eight
percent (8%) per year shall accrue on the amounts from time to time outstanding
from the date on which any such amount was due under Section 2.1 (b) to the date
of the actual payment thereof.

                                  ARTICLE III.

                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

          Section III.1 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY, THE
LOOP SHAREHOLDERS AND THE SELLER. Subject to Section 8.8 the Company, the Loop
Shareholders and the Seller jointly and severally represent and warrant to the
Purchaser as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date as follows, it being
understood that the Purchaser is relying on the following representations and
warranties to effect the transactions contemplated herein:

          (a) ORGANIZATION OF THE COMPANY. The Company is a corporation
     duly organized, validly existing, and registered with the Commercial
     Registry of Denmark, registration number CVR25507258, under the laws of
     Denmark and has all requisite corporate power and authority to own, operate
     and lease its properties and to carry on its businesses as they are now
     being conducted. The Company is duly licensed or qualified as a foreign
     corporation for the transaction of business under the laws of each other
     jurisdiction in which its ownership or leasing of properties, or the
     conduct of its businesses requires such licensing or qualification, except
     where the failure to be so licensed or qualified in any such jurisdiction
     would not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has no Subsidiaries.

          (b)  [Intentionally Omitted]

          (c) AUTHORIZATION; NO CONFLICTS. The Company has full corporate power
     and authority to enter into this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents and
     to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution,
     delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and each
     Ancillary Document have been duly authorized


                                       8
<PAGE>

     by all necessary corporate action. The consummation of the Company's
     obligations under this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents shall be duly
     authorized by all necessary corporate action prior to Closing. This
     Agreement has been, and on or prior to the Closing Date each Ancillary
     Document will be, duly and validly executed and delivered by the Company.
     This Agreement constitutes, and upon its execution and delivery on or prior
     to the Closing Date, each Ancillary Document will constitute, a valid and
     legally binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company
     in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by
     applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar
     laws affecting creditors generally and by general equitable principles. The
     execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Ancillary
     Documents by the Company, the consummation of the transactions by the
     Company contemplated hereby and thereby and the compliance by the Company
     with the provisions hereof and thereof will not conflict with, violate or
     result in a breach of any provision of, require a consent, approval or
     notice under, or constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or
     lapse of time or both, would constitute a default) under, or result in the
     termination of or accelerate the performance required by, or result in a
     right of termination or acceleration under, or result in the creation of
     any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company under, (i) the
     articles of incorporation, by-laws or other governing instrument of the
     Company, (ii) any Contractual Obligation of the Company or (iii) assuming
     that the filings, consents and approvals specified in Schedule 3.1(d) have
     been obtained or made and any waiting period applicable thereto has expired
     or been terminated, any Requirement of Law applicable to the Company,
     except, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, such conflicts,
     violations, breaches, consents, approvals, notices, defaults, terminations,
     accelerations or Liens which would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

          (d) CONSENTS. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(d), no consent,
     approval, order or authorization of, registration, declaration or
     filing with, or notice to, any Governmental Entity is required on the
     part of the Company in connection with the execution and delivery by
     the Company of this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents, the
     consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and
     thereby or the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder
     and thereunder, except for such consents, approvals, orders,
     authorizations, registrations, declarations, filings or notices of
     which the failure to make or obtain would not have a Material Adverse
     Effect.

          (e) CAPITALIZATION. (i) The authorized capital stock of the
     Company consists of 1,000 shares of common stock, all of which are
     issued and outstanding, and no shares of common stock are held in
     treasury and reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding stock
     options. No shares of Preferred Stock are designated, and no shares are
     issued and outstanding. All of the issued and outstanding shares of the
     Company's capital stock have been duly and validly authorized and
     issued and are fully paid and not subject to preemptive rights other
     than in favor of the Loop Shareholders, as described in the Company's
     by-laws, which rights have been fully and effectively waived.


                                       9
<PAGE>

                    (ii) Upon delivery of and payment of the First Installment
          for the Shares on the Closing Date as provided herein, such
          Shares will be duly and validly authorized and issued, fully paid and
          not subject to preemptive rights, and the Purchaser will acquire good
          title thereto, free and clear of all Liens (other than any Lien
          created by the Purchaser), and will be promptly entered in the
          Company's shareholders ledger.

                    (iii) (1) No equity securities of the Company are or may
          become required to be issued by reason of any options, warrants,
          rights to subscribe to, calls, preemptive rights, or commitments of
          any character whatsoever, (2) there are outstanding no securities or
          rights convertible into or exchangeable for shares of any capital
          stock of the Company and (3) there are no contracts, commitments,
          understandings or arrangements by which the Company is or will be
          bound to issue additional shares of its capital stock or securities or
          rights convertible into or exchangeable for shares of its capital
          stock or options, warrants or rights to purchase or acquire any
          additional shares of its capital stock. As of the Closing Date and
          after giving effect to the Closing (and to all transactions to be
          effected simultaneously therewith), there shall be issued no class or
          series of stock entitled to any preference other than the Shares.

                    (iv) The consummation of the transactions contemplated by
          this Agreement will not trigger the anti-dilution provisions or
          other price adjustment mechanisms of any outstanding subscriptions,
          options, warrants, calls, contracts, preemptive rights, demands,
          commitments, conversion rights or other agreements or arrangements of
          any character or nature whatsoever under which the Company is or may
          be obligated to issue or acquire its capital stock.

               (f)  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. (I) The Company has delivered to the
          Purchaser its interim balance sheet as of August 31, 2000 (the
          "COMPANY'S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS"), a copy of which is attached hereto
          as Schedule 3.1 (f).

                    (II)The Company's Financial Statements (i) are accurate,
          (ii) have been prepared in compliance with all applicable laws
          and regulations and in accordance with Danish GAAP, applied on a
          consistent basis throughout the periods indicated and with each other,
          and (iii) reflect and fairly present, according to Danish GAAP, the
          authentic economic and financial condition and operating results of
          the Company as of the dates, and for the periods, indicated therein.

                    (III) All Liabilities of the Company are duly reflected in
          the Company's Financial Statements and its assets are valued
          according to Danish GAAP. All the provisions which should be made as
          part of a sound accounting and financial management practice or that
          are required to be made according to any applicable law or regulation
          including, but not limited to, those referring to tax liabilities,
          have been duly made and provided for in the Company's Financial
          Statements.

                    (IV)The Company is the full and legal owner of all the
          assets (whether tangible or intangible) which are reflected in the
          asset side of the balance sheet components of


                                       10
<PAGE>

          the Company's Financial Statements, free from any mortgages,
          pledges, charges, encumbrances, liens, attachments or any other type
          of rights "in rem".

                    (V) Since the date of the latest Company's Financial
          Statements: (i) nothing has occurred which might adversely
          materially affect the financial condition, operating results, assets,
          prospects, goodwill, or business transactions of the Company as
          reflected in the Company's Financial Statements; (ii) all actions and
          transactions carried out by the Company have been duly recorded and
          accounted for; (iii) there has been no change in the accounting
          policies and valuation criteria used by the Company; and (iv) no
          action or transaction has been initiated, conducted, taken or closed
          outside the ordinary course of business and market practices
          customarily applied by the Company, and its business has been carried
          on without any interruption or material alteration in its nature,
          scope or manner.

               (g) COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAW. The Company is and has been
          at all times since its date of incorporation, in compliance with all
          applicable Requirements of Law, other than where the failure to be in
          compliance would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

               (h) TITLE TO PROPERTIES; INSURANCE. The Company has good and
          valid title to its material properties and assets, including all
          properties and assets listed on the Company's Financial Statements (or
          valid title insurance enforceable for the fair value of such
          properties or assets) and all of such properties and assets are free
          of all Liens other than Permitted Liens. For greater clarity, at
          Closing, except as set forth in this Agreement and the Ancillary
          Documents, the shares of Loop Preferred Stock will be free and clear
          of all Liens and Permitted Liens.

               (i) OWNERSHIP OF LOOP'S PREFERRED STOCK. All shares of Loop's
          Preferred Stock will be owned by the Company on the Closing Date
          free and clear of any Liens, pledges, security interests, claims or
          other encumbrances. There are no contracts, commitments or agreements
          relating to voting, purchase or sale of Loop's capital stock between
          the Company and any other Person, and no such agreements will exist at
          Closing other than the Loop Shareholders Agreement.

               (j) TAXES. (i) The Company has complied, and is current and
          up-to-date, with all required tax payments, declarations,
          returns, filings, information disclosures or any other obligations
          established in any applicable law or regulations under any competent
          jurisdiction as well as any other fees, duties or payments to any
          Governmental Entity or to any third party as may be required to
          conduct its business; (ii) there is no action, proceeding,
          investigation, audit or claim of any nature now pending nor to the
          best knowledge of the Company, are there any facts which could give
          rise to any such action, proceeding, investigation, audit or claim,
          against the Company with respect to any Taxes and (iii) the Company is
          not aware of any material change in law which has been introduced or
          proposed and which would have a material effect on the Taxes of the
          Company..


                                       11
<PAGE>

               (k) ABSENCE OF CERTAIN BUSINESS PRACTICES. Neither the Company
          nor any officer, employee or agent thereof, nor any other Person
          acting on behalf of the Company, has, directly or indirectly, since
          the date of its incorporation, given or agreed to give any gift or
          similar benefit to any customer, supplier, governmental employee or
          other Person or entity who is or may be in a position to help or
          hinder the Company (or assist the Company in connection with any
          actual or proposed transaction) which (x) subjects the Company, to any
          damage or penalty in any civil, criminal or governmental litigation or
          proceeding which would have a Material Adverse Effect, (y) if not
          given in the past, could have had a Material Adverse Effect or (z) if
          not continued in the future, could have a Material Adverse Effect.

               (l) ABSENCE OF UNDISCLOSED LIABILITIES. The Company does not have
          any obligations or liabilities of any nature (matured or
          unmatured, accrued or unaccrued, known or unknown, fixed or
          contingent) (collectively, the "LIABILITIES") other than (i) to the
          extent set forth or adequately provided for in the Company's Financial
          Statements as of August 31, 2000, and (ii) those incurred in
          connection with the execution and performance of this Agreement and
          the Ancillary Documents.

               (m) BROKERS AND FINDERS. The Company has not utilized any broker,
          finder, placement agent or financial advisor or incurred any liability
          for any fees or commissions in connection with any of the transactions
          contemplated hereby or by the Ancillary Documents.

               (n)  REAL PROPERTY.  The Company does not own or lease any real
          property.

               (o) REPRESENTATIONS COMPLETE. None of the representations and
          warranties made by the Company and the Seller herein or in any
          Schedule hereto, or in any certificate furnished by the Company or the
          Seller pursuant to this Agreement, when all such documents are read
          together in their entirety, contains or will contain at the Closing
          any untrue statement of a material fact, or omits or will omit at the
          Closing to state any material fact necessary in order to make the
          statements contained herein or therein, in the light of the
          circumstances under which made, not misleading.

          Section III.2 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF LOOP AND THE LOOP
SHAREHOLDERS. Subject to Section 8.8, Loop and the Loop Shareholders jointly and
severally represent and warrant to the Purchaser as of the date hereof and as of
the Closing Date as follows, it being understood that the Purchaser is relying
on the following representations and warranties to effect the transactions
contemplated herein:

               (a) ORGANIZATION OF LOOP. Loop is a corporation duly organized,
          validly existing, and registered with the Commercial Registry of
          Barcelona, Spain, under the laws of Spain and has all requisite
          corporate power and authority to own, operate and lease its properties
          and to carry on its businesses as they are now being conducted. Loop
          is duly licensed or qualified as a foreign corporation for the
          transaction of business under the


                                       12
<PAGE>

          laws of each other jurisdiction in which its ownership or leasing
          of properties, or the conduct of its businesses requires such
          licensing or qualification, except where the failure to be so licensed
          or qualified in any such jurisdiction would not have a Material
          Adverse Effect. Loop has no Subsidiaries.

               (b)  [Intentionally Omitted]

               (c) AUTHORIZATION; NO CONFLICTS. Loop has full corporate power
          and authority to enter into this Agreement and the Ancillary
          Documents and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The
          execution, delivery and performance by Loop of this Agreement and each
          Ancillary Document have been duly authorized by all necessary
          corporate action. The consummation of Loop's obligations under this
          Agreement and each Ancillary Document shall be duly authorized by all
          necessary corporate action prior to Closing. This Agreement has been,
          and on or prior to the Closing Date each Ancillary Document will be,
          duly and validly executed and delivered by Loop. This Agreement
          constitutes, and upon its execution and delivery on or prior to the
          Closing Date, each Ancillary Document will constitute, a valid and
          legally binding obligation of Loop enforceable against Loop in
          accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by
          applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or
          similar laws affecting creditors generally and by general equitable
          principles. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
          and the Ancillary Documents by Loop, the consummation of the
          transactions by Loop contemplated hereby and thereby and the
          compliance by Loop with the provisions hereof and thereof will not
          conflict with, violate or result in a breach of any provision of,
          require a consent, approval or notice under, or constitute a default
          (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would
          constitute a default) under, or result in the termination of or
          accelerate the performance required by, or result in a right of
          termination or acceleration under, or result in the creation of any
          Lien upon any of the properties or assets of Loop under, (i) the
          articles of incorporation, by-laws or other governing instrument of
          Loop, (ii) any Contractual Obligation of Loop or (iii) assuming that
          the filings, consents and approvals specified in Schedule 3.2(d) have
          been obtained or made and any waiting period applicable thereto has
          expired or been terminated, any Requirement of Law applicable to Loop,
          except for the amendment to Loop's by-laws required to create the
          Preferred Stock and, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, such
          conflicts, violations, breaches, consents, approvals, notices,
          defaults, terminations, accelerations or Liens which would not have a
          Material Adverse Effect.

               (d) CONSENTS. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.2(d), no consent,
          approval, order or authorization of, registration, declaration or
          filing with, or notice to, any Governmental Entity is required on the
          part of Loop in connection with the execution and delivery by Loop of
          this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents, the consummation by Loop
          of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby or the performance
          by Loop of its obligations hereunder and thereunder, except for (i)
          the filing of all notices, reports and other documents required by,
          and the expiration of all waiting periods under, the rules and
          regulations promulgated by the Spanish Comision del Mercado de las


                                       13
<PAGE>

          Telecomunicaciones and Portuguese Instituto das Comunicacoes de
          Portugal, and (ii) such consents, approvals, orders, authorizations,
          registrations, declarations, filings or notices of which the failure
          to make or obtain would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

               (e) CAPITALIZATION. (i) As of the date hereof, the authorized
          capital stock of Loop consists of 1,476,190 shares of Common
          Stock, all of which are issued and outstanding, and 118,095 shares of
          Common Stock are held in treasury and reserved for issuance upon
          exercise of outstanding stock options. As of the date hereof, no
          shares of Preferred Stock are designated, and no shares are issued and
          outstanding. As of the Closing, 100% of the Shares of Preferred Stock,
          representing 70% of the outstanding capital of Loop, will be issued
          and outstanding, and held by Holdco. All of the issued and outstanding
          shares of Loop's capital stock have been duly and validly authorized
          and issued and are fully paid and not subject to preemptive rights
          other than in favor of the Loop Shareholders, as described in Loop's
          by-laws.

                    (ii) Each share of Loop's Preferred Stock indicated as being
          owned or to be owned by the Company on Schedule 3.1(i) is, or at
          Closing shall be, duly and validly authorized and issued, fully paid
          and not subject to preemptive rights, other than those pertaining to
          the Loop Shareholders, which shall have been previously waived by
          them, and the Company has, or at Closing shall have, good title
          thereto, free and clear of all Liens, and has been, or at Closing will
          have been, entered in Loop's shareholder ledger (Libro Registro de
          Socios).

                    (iii)Other than the requirement to issue Preferred Stock
          pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the
          possible conversion of stock options into shares of Common Stock
          pursuant to the Stock Option Plan (substantially in the form attached
          hereto as Exhibit D), (1) no equity securities of Loop are or may
          become required to be issued by reason of any options, warrants,
          rights to subscribe to, calls, preemptive rights, or commitments of
          any character whatsoever, (2) there are no outstanding securities or
          rights convertible into or exchangeable for shares of any capital
          stock of Loop and (3) there are no contracts, commitments,
          understandings or arrangements by which Loop is or will be bound to
          issue additional shares of its capital stock or securities or rights
          convertible into or exchangeable for shares of its capital stock or
          options, warrants or rights to purchase or acquire any additional
          shares of its capital stock. Loop is not subject to any obligation
          (contingent or otherwise) to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire
          or retire any of its capital stock. As of the Closing Date and after
          giving effect to the Closing (and to all transactions to be effected
          simultaneously therewith), there shall be issued no class or series of
          stock entitled to any preference other than the Preferred Stock.

                    (iv) Except for the Loop Shareholders Agreement and as set
          forth on Schedule 3.2(e), neither Loop nor any of the Loop
          Shareholders is a party to, and there are no voting trusts, proxies or
          any other agreements or understandings with respect to the voting of
          any capital stock of Loop.


                                       14
<PAGE>

                                                           Acquisition Agreement

                    (v) The consummation of the transactions contemplated by
               this Agreement will not trigger the anti-dilution provisions or
               other price adjustment mechanisms of any outstanding
               subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, contracts, preemptive
               rights, demands, commitments, conversion rights or other
               agreements or arrangements of any character or nature whatsoever
               under which Loop is or may be obligated to issue or acquire its
               capital stock.

               (f) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. (I) Loop has delivered to the Purchaser
          its financial statements (balance sheet, profit and loss account and
          annual report) and management reports (INFORMES DE GESTION) audited by
          Arthur Andersen as at, and for the fiscal year closed on, December 31,
          1999, and its interim unaudited accounts as of June 30, 2000
          (collectively, the "FINANCIAL STATEMENTS"), copies of which are
          attached hereto as Schedule 3.2 (f).

                    (II) The Financial Statements (i) are accurate, (ii) have
               been prepared in compliance with all applicable laws and
               regulations and in accordance with GAAP, applied on a consistent
               basis throughout the periods indicated and with each other, and
               (iii) reflect and fairly present, according to GAAP, the
               authentic economic and financial condition and operating results
               of Loop as of the dates, and for the periods, indicated therein.

                    (III) All Liabilities of Loop are duly reflected in the
               Financial Statements and its assets are valued according to GAAP
               and, in particular, according to the principle of prudent
               valuation (PRINCIPIO DE PRUDENCIA VALORATIVA). All the provisions
               which should be made as part of a sound accounting and financial
               management practice or that are required to be made according to
               any applicable law or regulation including, but not limited to,
               those referring to tax liabilities, have been duly made and
               provided for in the Financial Statements.

                    (IV) Loop is the sole and legal owner of all the assets
               (whether tangible or intangible) which are reflected in the asset
               side of the balance sheet components of the Financial Statements,
               free from any mortgages, pledges, charges, encumbrances, liens,
               attachments or any other type of rights "in rem" other than
               Permitted Liens.

                    (V) Loop has duly deposited its annual accounts and
               management reports since the date of its incorporation with the
               Barcelona Commercial Registry.

                    (VI) Since December 31, 1999: (i) nothing has occurred which
               might adversely materially affect the financial condition,
               operating results, assets, prospects, goodwill, or business
               transactions of Loop as reflected in the Financial Statements;
               (ii) all actions and transactions carried out by Loop have been
               duly recorded and accounted for; (iii) there has been no change
               in the accounting policies and valuation criteria used by Loop;
               and (iv) no action or transaction has been initiated, conducted,
               taken or closed outside the ordinary course of business and
               market practices customarily applied by Loop, and

                                       15

<PAGE>

          its business has been carried on without any interruption or material
          alteration in its nature, scope or manner.

               (g) COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAW. Loop is and has been at all
          times since its date of incorporation, in compliance with all
          applicable Requirements of Law, other than where the failure to be in
          compliance would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

               (h) PERMITS. (A) Loop (x) has all licenses, permits, orders,
          approvals, registrations, authorizations and qualifications of or with
          all Governmental Entities necessary to enable it to own its properties
          and conduct its businesses as presently conducted, including without
          limitation (i) a Class A Licence and Authorization to provide public
          fixed telephony services in the Barcelona province, Spain, (ii) a
          Class C Authorization for the operation of public data networks in
          Spain, and (iii) a Class B1 Licence to install or exploit a public
          network for providing wireline services in Barcelona and Madrid,
          Spain, and (y) has applied for all licences necessary in light of
          Loop's present and presently contemplated business to operate in the
          voice and data markets in Portugal and has no reason to believe that
          such licenses will not be granted (all licenses authorizations and
          other permits under (x) and (y) above, collectively, the "PERMITS"),
          except to the extent that the failure to have or to be granted any
          such Permits would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Loop is in
          compliance with the Permits, except to the extent that the failure to
          be in compliance with any such Permits would not have a Material
          Adverse Effect.

                    (B) Particularly, set forth on Schedule 3.2(h) is a list of
          (i) all licenses or other Permits relating to telecommunications
          services that have been granted to Loop and (ii) all applications for
          any such licenses or other Permits that are pending before the
          competent Governmental Entities as of the date hereof. The licenses
          and other Permits detailed in Schedule 3.2(h) are the only licenses or
          Permits that are required by applicable law to be held by Loop in
          order to conduct the business of Loop as it is currently conducted.

               (i) LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. There are no legal or administrative
          proceedings or arbitrations, and no claims, actions or governmental
          investigations of any nature pending against Loop or to which Loop or
          any of its properties or assets is subject, and, to the best knowledge
          of each of Loop and the Loop Shareholders, there has not been
          threatened any such proceeding, arbitration, claim, action or
          governmental investigation against Loop, in each case, which would, if
          adversely determined, have a Material Adverse Effect. Loop has not
          been permanently or temporarily enjoined or barred by any order,
          judgment or decree of any Governmental Entity from engaging in or
          continuing any conduct or practice in connection with the businesses
          conducted by Loop.

               (j) ABSENCE OF CERTAIN CHANGES. Since December 31, 1999 (the
          "BALANCE SHEET DATE") Loop has conducted its business in the ordinary
          course, consistent with past practice and there has not occurred:

                                       16

<PAGE>

                    (i) any change, event or condition (whether or not covered
               by insurance) that has resulted in, or might reasonably be
               expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect to Loop; or

                    (ii) any transaction, event or occurrence which, had it
               occurred subsequent to the date of this Agreement and prior to
               the Closing, would have required the Purchaser's consent pursuant
               to Section 4.2 of this Agreement (other than transactions, events
               or occurrences occurring after the date of this Agreement and
               prior to the Closing with the Purchaser's written consent
               pursuant to Section 4.2 of this Agreement).

               (k) SOCIAL SECURITY. Loop has at all times complied with all laws
          and regulations governing Social Security (SEGURIDAD SOCIAL) and has
          punctually and correctly made all required payments, filings
          (including forms TC-1 and TC-2) and information disclosures.

               (l) LABOR MATTERS (1) Attached as Schedule 3.2(l) is a list of
          the employees on the payroll of Loop and a detailed breakdown showing
          all of their benefits and entitlements, their seniority, occupational
          category, annual gross salary and a calculation of the maximum amounts
          that should be paid as severance liability in the event of a
          disciplinary dismissal (DESPIDO DISCIPLINARIO), an objective dismissal
          (DESPIDO OBJETIVO) or a collective dismissal (DESPIDO COLECTIVO). Loop
          has no employees on its payroll in addition to those identified in the
          aforesaid Schedule.

                    (2) Loop is in compliance in all material respects with all
          applicable laws, regulations, agreements, contracts and policies
          relating to employment, discrimination in employment, terms and
          conditions of employment, wages, hours and occupational safety and
          health and employment practices except when failure of such compliance
          would not have a Material Adverse effect.

                    (3) Loop has at all times complied with the laws and
          regulations governing employment relations including any applicable
          collective bargaining agreements (CONVENIOS COLECTIVOS), and is
          up-to-date in the payment of all remuneration due to its employees.
          For the purposes of this Agreement "remuneration" shall include
          salary; extra payments; bonuses; premiums; incentives; stock options;
          profit sharing arrangements; travel, accident, disability, life or
          medical insurance; formal or informal pension plans; company cars;
          loans; luncheon vouchers; or any other type of labor condition or
          compensation (whether in cash or in kind, whether formal or informal)
          received by any employee, executive, officer or director of Loop.
          Attached as Schedule 3.2(l) is a description of the remuneration to
          which the above-mentioned persons are entitled. Loop is not committed
          to any remuneration which is not mentioned in such Schedule. There is
          no remuneration which has not been accounted for or for which a
          provision has not been made.

                                       17

<PAGE>

                    (4) Loop has withheld all amounts required by law or by
          agreement to be withheld from the wages, salaries, and other payments
          to employees, and Loop is not liable for any arrears of wages or any
          taxes or any penalty for failure to comply with any of the foregoing.

                    (5) Loop has not entered into senior executive employment
          contracts (CONTRATOS DE ALTA DIRECCION) as regulated in Royal Decree
          1382/1985, dated August 1, 1985.

                    (6) No senior executive has left Loop since the date of
          Loop's incorporation. No current or former employee, executive,
          officer or director of Loop is entitled to any kind of termination
          indemnity or severance payment different to that established under any
          applicable law, regulation or collective bargaining agreement, or is
          entitled to any other compensation for normal or early termination.

                    (7) No employee of Loop has given notice to Loop, and the
          management of Loop is not otherwise aware, that any such employee
          intends to terminate his or her employment with Loop.

                    (8) As of the date hereof, there are no pending, or to the
          best knowledge of each of Loop and the Loop Shareholders, threatened
          claims against Loop under any employees compensation plan or policy or
          for long-term disability.

                    (9) Except as forth in Schedule 3.2(l) and the Employment
          Term Sheets (which shall become effective on the Closing Date),
          substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit H, Loop has not
          entered into any employment contracts.

                    (10) There are no controversies pending or, to the best
          knowledge of each of Loop and the Loop Shareholders, threatened,
          between Loop and any of its employees, which controversies have
          resulted, or could reasonably be expected to result, in an action,
          suit, complaint, proceeding, claim, arbitration or investigation
          before any governmental agency, administrative agency, court,
          commission or tribunal, foreign or domestic by or on behalf of any
          employee, prospective employee, former employee, retiree, labor
          organization or other representative of such employees, which, if
          adversely determined, would have a Material Adverse Effect.

                    (11) There is no unfair labor practice charge or complaint
          pending or, to the best knowledge of each of Loop and the Loop
          Shareholders, threatened against or otherwise affecting Loop.

                    (12) There is no labor strike, slowdown, work stoppage,
          collective bargaining or other individual or collective labor dispute,
          lockout or other labor controversy in effect, threatened against or
          otherwise affecting Loop, and Loop has not experienced any such labor
          controversy since the date of its incorporation.

                    (13) Loop is not a party to any employee benefit plans.

                                       18

<PAGE>

                    (14) Loop has not closed any plant or facility, effectuated
          any layoffs of employees or implemented any early retirement, since
          the date of its incorporation, nor has Loop planned or announced any
          such action or program for the future.

                    (15) Loop shall not, at any time within the 90-day period
          prior to the Closing Date, effectuate a "plant closing" or "mass
          layoff", affecting in whole or in part any site of employment,
          facility, operating unit or employee.

                    (16) Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.2(l) Loop is not a
          party to any employment agreement or consulting agreement with any
          Person, nor is any such contract or agreement presently being
          negotiated. Schedule 3.2(l) shall set forth all compensation
          arrangements under any employment agreement or consulting agreement
          listed thereon.

               (m) MATERIAL AGREEMENTS. Loop has made available to the Purchaser
          a true and correct copy of all Material Agreements, a list of which is
          set forth on Schedule 3.2(m). Each Material Agreement is valid,
          binding, in full force and effect and enforceable by Loop in
          accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by
          applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or
          similar laws affecting creditors generally and by general equitable
          principles. Loop has performed all material obligations required to be
          performed by it under the Material Agreements and it is not (with or
          without the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both) in breach
          or default in any material respect thereunder and, to the best
          knowledge of each of Loop and the Loop Shareholders, no other party to
          any of the Material Agreements is (with or without the lapse of time
          or the giving of notice, or both) in breach or default in any material
          respect thereunder, except for any such breach, default or
          non-performance which would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Except
          as disclosed in Schedule 3.2(m), none of the Material Agreements
          contains any change in control provision or any other clause that
          would entitle any of the other parties to such Material Agreements to
          terminate or renegotiate them as a result of the performance of the
          transactions contemplated hereby. Loop is not a party to any agreement
          that contains a non-competition clause which restrict Loop's ability
          to conduct business.

               (n) TITLE TO PROPERTIES; INSURANCE. Loop has good, marketable and
          valid title to all of its material properties and assets, including
          all properties and assets listed on its Financial Statements (or valid
          title insurance enforceable for the fair value of such properties or
          assets) and all of such material properties and assets are free of all
          Liens other than Permitted Liens. Loop does not own any real property.
          Loop has at all times maintained in full force and effect property
          damage, liability and other insurance with reputable insurers at
          levels of coverage and subject to self insurance and deductible
          amounts reasonable and customary in the applicable industry. All of
          the material tangible assets of Loop are in good operating condition
          and repair, ordinary wear and tear excepted and taking into account
          the respective ages of such assets. The condition of all material
          leased personal property of Loop is consistent in all material
          respects

                                       19

<PAGE>

          with the condition required of such property by the terms of the
          applicable lease. The assets owned or leased by Loop are sufficient to
          carry on Loop's business as currently conducted.

               (o) TAXES. (i) Loop has complied, and is current and up-to-date,
          with all required tax payments, declarations, returns, filings,
          information disclosures or any other obligations established in any
          applicable law or regulations under any competent jurisdiction as well
          as any other fees, duties or payments to any Governmental Entity or to
          any third party as may be required to conduct its business; (ii) there
          is no action, proceeding, investigation, audit or claim of any nature
          now pending nor to the best knowledge of each of Loop and the Loop
          Shareholders are there any facts which could give rise to any such
          action, proceeding, investigation, audit or claim, against Loop with
          respect to any Taxes and (iii) Loop and the Loop Shareholders are not
          aware of any material change in law which has been introduced or
          proposed and which would have a material effect on the Taxes of Loop.

               (p) ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS.

                    (i) Loop holds and is in compliance with all Environmental
               Permits, and is in compliance with all applicable Environmental
               Laws;

                    (ii) Loop has not received any Environmental Claim, nor to
               the best knowledge of each of Loop and the Loop Shareholders is
               any Environmental Claim threatened, which would result in a
               Material Adverse Effect;

                    (iii) Hazardous Materials have not been generated,
               transported, treated, stored, disposed of, released or threatened
               to be released by Loop at, on, from or under any property or
               facility currently or previously owned, operated or otherwise
               used by Loop, in violation of any Environmental Law, which would
               result in a Material Adverse Effect;

                    (iv) There are no past or present actions, activities,
               events, conditions or circumstances, including without limitation
               the release, threatened release, emission, discharge, generation,
               treatment, storage or disposal of Hazardous Materials by Loop,
               that would give rise to a Material Adverse Effect;

                    (v) Loop has not assumed, contractually or by operation of
               law, any liabilities under any Environmental Laws;

                    (vi) Loop has not entered into, has not agreed to, and is
               not subject to any judgment, decree, order or other similar
               requirement of any Governmental Entity under any Environmental
               Laws, including without limitation those relating to compliance
               with Environmental Laws or to investigation, cleanup, remediation
               or removal of Hazardous Substances; and

                                       20

<PAGE>

                    (vii) For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
               shall have the following meanings:

                         "ENVIRONMENTAL CLAIM" means any written notice, claim,
                    demand, action, suit, complaint, proceeding which has been
                    served upon or delivered or otherwise transmitted to Loop by
                    any Person alleging liability or potential liability
                    (including without limitation liability or potential
                    liability for investigatory costs, cleanup costs,
                    governmental response costs, natural resource damages,
                    property damage, personal injury, fines or penalties)
                    arising out of, relating to, based on or resulting from (i)
                    the presence, discharge, emission, release or threatened
                    release of any Hazardous Materials at, on, from or under any
                    property or facility currently or previously owned or used
                    by Loop, (ii) circumstances forming the basis of any
                    violation or alleged violation of any Environmental Law or
                    Environmental Permit, or (iii) otherwise relating to
                    liabilities under any Environmental Law.

                         "ENVIRONMENTAL PERMITS" means all permits, licenses,
                    registrations and other governmental authorizations required
                    under Environmental Laws for Loop to conduct its operations.

                         "ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS" means all applicable statutes,
                    rules, regulations, ordinances, orders, and decrees of any
                    Governmental Entity relating in any manner to contamination,
                    pollution or protection of human health or the environment.

                         "HAZARDOUS MATERIALS" means all hazardous, dangerous or
                    toxic substances, wastes, materials or chemicals, petroleum
                    (including, but not limited to, crude oil or any fraction
                    thereof) and petroleum products, pollutants, contaminants
                    and all other materials or substances regulated pursuant to
                    any Environmental Law.

               (q) INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. (A) Loop owns, or is licensed, or
          otherwise possesses legally enforceable rights to use, all
          intellectual property, including without limitation, patents,
          trademarks, trade names, service marks, domain names, trade dress,
          copyrights, copyrightable works, mask works, hardware, discoveries,
          databases, systems, networks, documentation, drawings, research and
          development, schematics, technology, know-how, trade secrets,
          inventions, ideas, algorithms, processes, computer software programs
          or applications (in source code and/or object code form), and
          proprietary information or material ("INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY") that are
          used in and material to the business of Loop as currently conducted.

                    (B) Schedule 3.2(q) lists (i) all registered Intellectual
          Property and any applications therefor and (ii) all licenses,
          sublicenses, royalty, consent and other agreements as to which Loop is
          a party or is otherwise bound and which concern Intellectual Property,
          including any Intellectual Property incorporated or included in any
          product of Loop, but excluding Commercial Software. "COMMERCIAL
          SOFTWARE" means

                                       21

<PAGE>

          packaged commercially available software which has been licensed to
          Loop pursuant to standard end-user licenses but is in no way a
          component of, incorporated in or specifically required to develop or
          support any of the services, products or business of Loop.

                    (C) To the best knowledge of each of Loop and the Loop
          Shareholders, there is no unauthorized use, disclosure, infringement
          or misappropriation (each an "INFRINGEMENT") of any Intellectual
          Property rights of Loop by any third party, including any employee or
          former employee of Loop, other than any such unauthorized disclosures,
          infringements or misappropriations as would not have a Material
          Adverse Effect on Loop. Loop has not agreed to indemnify any other
          Person against any charge of Infringement of any Intellectual
          Property, other than indemnification provisions contained in end-user
          purchase orders arising in the ordinary course of business.

                    (D) All material Intellectual Property owned or used by Loop
          is valid and subsisting. There has not been any suit, action or claim
          alleging an Infringement by Loop of any third party, and to the best
          knowledge of each of Loop and the Loop Shareholders no such action is
          threatened or imminent. The manufacturing, marketing, licensing or
          sale of products and services of Loop and the operation of its
          business does not infringe any patent, trademark, service mark,
          copyright, trade secret or other proprietary right of any third party.
          As of the date of this Agreement, Loop has not brought any action for
          Infringement of Intellectual Property or breach of any agreement
          involving Intellectual Property against any third party. There are no
          outstanding or, to the best knowledge of each of Loop and the Loop
          Shareholders, threatened or imminent actions or orders that seek to
          limit or challenge the use, ownership, validity, enforceability or
          value of any Intellectual Property of Loop nor, to the best knowledge
          of each of Loop and the Loop Shareholders, is there a valid basis for
          any such action or order, other than any of the foregoing that would
          not have a Material Adverse Effect on Loop if determined adversely to
          Loop.

                    (E) Loop has secured valid written assignments from all
          consultants and employees who contributed to the creation or
          development of the Intellectual Property of Loop of the rights to such
          contributions that Loop does not already own by operation of law.

                    (F) Loop has taken all reasonably necessary and appropriate
          steps to protect and preserve the confidentiality of all Intellectual
          Property that is confidential in nature ("CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION")
          and material to Loop. All use, disclosure or appropriation of material
          Confidential Information owned by Loop by or to any unaffiliated third
          party has been pursuant to the terms of a written agreement between
          Loop and such third party. All use, disclosure or appropriation by
          Loop of material Confidential Information not owned by Loop has been
          pursuant to the terms of a written agreement between Loop and the
          owner of such Confidential Information, or is otherwise lawful. Loop
          has taken all reasonably necessary and desirable steps to protect and
          preserve the integrity and

                                       22

<PAGE>

          security of its software, systems and networks and the information
          thereon from any unauthorized use, access or appropriation.

                    (G) There are no actions that must be taken by Loop within
          60 days after the Closing Date that, if not taken, will result in the
          loss of any material Intellectual Property right, including the
          payment of any fees or the filing of any responses or documents needed
          to obtain, maintain, perfect, preserve or renew any Intellectual
          Property.

               (r) ABSENCE OF CERTAIN BUSINESS PRACTICES. Neither Loop nor any
          officer, employee or agent thereof, nor any other Person acting on
          behalf of Loop, has, directly or indirectly, since the date of its
          incorporation, given or agreed to give any gift or similar benefit to
          any customer, supplier, governmental employee or other Person or
          entity who is or may be in a position to help or hinder Loop (or
          assist Loop in connection with any actual or proposed transaction)
          which (x) subjects Loop, to any damage or penalty in any civil,
          criminal or governmental litigation or proceeding which would have a
          Material Adverse Effect, (y) if not given in the past, could have had
          a Material Adverse Effect or (z) if not continued in the future, could
          have a Material Adverse Effect.

               (s) ABSENCE OF UNDISCLOSED LIABILITIES. Loop does not have any
          Liabilities other than (i) to the extent set forth or adequately
          provided for in the Balance Sheet included in the Financial Statements
          as of June 30, 2000 (the "LATEST BALANCE SHEET"), (ii) executory
          obligations to be performed after the Closing under Contractual
          Obligations in the agreements listed Schedule 3.2(m), (iii) those of
          the type set forth in the Latest Balance Sheet incurred in the
          ordinary course of business since the Latest Balance Sheet date and
          consistent with past practice and (iv) those incurred in connection
          with the execution and performance of this Agreement and the Ancillary
          Documents.

               (t) RESTRICTIONS ON BUSINESS ACTIVITIES. There is no agreement,
          judgment, injunction, order or decree binding upon Loop that has or
          could reasonably be expected to have the effect of prohibiting or
          impairing any current or future business practice of Loop, any
          acquisition of property by Loop or the conduct of business by Loop as
          currently conducted or as proposed to be conducted by Loop.

               (u) CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS. No customer which individually
          accounted for more than 5% of Loop's gross revenues during the 12
          month period preceding the date hereof, and no supplier of Loop has
          canceled or otherwise terminated, or made any written threat to Loop
          to cancel or otherwise terminate its relationship with Loop, or has
          decreased materially its services or supplies to Loop in the case of
          any such supplier, or its usage of the services or products of Loop in
          the case of such customer, and to the best knowledge of each of Loop
          and the Loop Shareholders, no such supplier or customer intends to
          cancel or otherwise terminate its relationship with Loop or to
          decrease materially its services or supplies to Loop or its usage of
          the services or products of Loop, as the case may be. Loop has not
          knowingly breached any agreement

                                       23

<PAGE>

          with, or engaged in any fraudulent conduct with respect to, any
          customer or supplier of Loop. None of the agreements that Loop has
          with any of its customers or suppliers contains any change in control
          provision or any other clause that would entitle any of the other
          parties to such agreements to terminate or renegotiate them as a
          result of the performance of the transactions contemplated hereby.

               (v) YEAR 2000 COMPLIANCE. There have been no Year 2000 Compliance
          problems with any computer hardware, software, databases, automated
          systems and other computer and telecommunications equipment owned or
          used by Loop ("SYSTEMS") or any products or services designed,
          manufactured, distributed, sold or provided by Loop (collectively,
          "PRODUCTS"). "YEAR 2000 COMPLIANCE" or "YEAR 2000 COMPLIANT" means,
          with respect to the Systems, Products or other equipment or materials
          in question, that such can be used before, during and after the
          calendar year 2000 A.D., and will operate during each such time
          period, either on a stand-alone basis or by interacting or
          interoperating with third-party software (provided that such
          third-party software is Year 2000 Compliant), without error relating
          to the processing, calculating, comparing, sequencing or other use of
          date-related data.

               (w) TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES. Except as set forth on Schedule
          3.2(w), no officer, director, employee, Loop Shareholder or Affiliate
          of Loop or any individual related by blood, marriage or adoption to
          any such individual or any entity in which any such entity or
          individual owns any beneficial interest, is a party to any agreement,
          contract, commitment or transaction with Loop or has any material
          interest in any material property used by Loop; PROVIDED that the
          following events need not be disclosed: (a) dividends, redemptions,
          stock purchases and other distributions otherwise permitted under this
          Agreement, (b) the payment of reasonable fees to directors of Loop who
          are employees of Loop, (c) any transaction with an officer or member
          of the board of directors of Loop in the ordinary course of business
          consistent with past practice involving compensation, indemnity,
          employee benefit arrangements or expense reimbursement, (d) loans or
          advances to employees otherwise permitted under this Agreement; (e)
          customary employment arrangements and benefit programs on reasonable
          terms as approved by the board of directors of Loop or a committee
          thereof; and (f) any contract or agreement disclosed pursuant to any
          provision of Section 3.2 (1).

               (x) BROKERS AND FINDERS. Neither Loop nor any Loop Shareholder
          has utilized any broker, finder, placement agent or financial advisor
          or incurred any liability for any fees or commissions other than as
          set forth in Schedule 3.2(x) which Schedule sets forth the amount of
          such fees or commissions in connection with any of the transactions
          contemplated hereby or by the Ancillary Documents. Subject to Section
          8.6, Loop is solely responsible for all fees or other amounts that may
          be payable to each Person listed on Schedule 3.2(x).

               (y) CORPORATE ACTIONS. Loop will take prior to Closing all
          actions necessary in accordance with applicable law and its articles
          of incorporation and by-laws to hold and convene (A) a meeting of Loop
          Shareholders (the "LOOP SHAREHOLDERS Meeting") to

                                       24

<PAGE>

          approve the Loop Shareholders Resolution which shall approve (i) the
          increase of Loop's capital stock by authorizing the issuance of the
          shares of Preferred Stock, (ii) if necessary, the transactions
          contemplated in this Agreement and in the Ancillary Documents and
          (iii) the amendment of Loop's by-laws to permit the conversion of the
          Company's Shares of Loop Preferred Stock into Loop Common Stock upon
          the Company's request, and (B) a Board meeting (the "BOARD MEETING")
          immediately thereafter to approve the Board Resolutions, which will
          have been raised to the status of public deed (DOCUMENTO PUBLICO)
          before a Spanish notary public. All the Loop Shareholders will attend
          the Loop Shareholders Meeting, in person or by proxy, and will vote in
          favor of the Loop Shareholders Resolution. The Loop Shareholders will
          cause all their representatives in the Board to attend the Board
          Meeting and to vote in favor of the Board Resolutions. At the Loop
          Shareholders Meeting all the Loop Shareholders will waive their
          pre-emptive rights on the Preferred Stock to be issued to the Company.

               (z) Prior to the Closing Loop will have been converted from an
          S.A. to an S.L. under Spanish law.

               (aa) Schedule 3.2(aa) sets forth the initial seven members of the
          Board to be elected in accordance with the Loop Shareholders
          Agreement.

               (bb) REPRESENTATIONS COMPLETE. None of the representations and
          warranties made by Loop and the Loop Shareholders herein or in any
          Schedule hereto, or in any certificate furnished by Loop or any of the
          Loop Shareholders pursuant to this Agreement, when all such documents
          are read together in their entirety, contains any untrue statement of
          a material fact, or omits to state any material fact necessary in
          order to make the statements contained herein or therein, in the light
          of the circumstances under which made, not misleading.

               Section III.3 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE LOOP
     SHAREHOLDERS. The Loop Shareholders, severally and not jointly, represent
     and warrant to, and agree with, the Purchaser as follows, it being
     understood that the Purchaser is relying on the following representations
     and warranties to effect the transactions contemplated herein:

               (a) ORGANIZATION, STANDING AND POWER. With respect to each Loop
          Shareholder that is not an individual, it is a corporation duly
          organized, validly existing under the laws of its jurisdiction of
          organization. It has the corporate power to own its properties and to
          carry on its business as now being conducted and as currently proposed
          to be conducted and is duly qualified to do business in each
          jurisdiction in which the failure to be so qualified would have a
          Material Adverse Effect on it ability to consummate the transactions
          contemplated hereby.

               (b) AUTHORIZATION; NO CONFLICTS. Each Loop Shareholder has all
          requisite corporate or other power and authority to enter into this
          Agreement and the Ancillary Documents and to consummate the
          transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and
          delivery of this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents and the

                                       25

<PAGE>

          consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have
          been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of
          each such Loop Shareholder, where applicable. This Agreement and the
          Ancillary Documents have been duly executed and delivered by each such
          Loop Shareholder and constitutes its valid and binding obligation
          enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as
          enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
          reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors
          generally and by general equitable principles. The execution and
          delivery of this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents by each such
          Loop Shareholder does not, and the consummation of the transactions
          contemplated hereby and thereby will not, conflict with, or result in
          any violation of, or default under (with or without notice or lapse of
          time, or both), or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation
          or acceleration of any obligation or loss of any benefit under or make
          additional liabilities or fees due under (i) any provision of its
          organizational documents, if applicable, (ii) any Contractual
          Obligation or (iii) any statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation,
          judgment, decree, stipulation, settlement or order applicable to it.

               (c) CONSENTS. No consent, approval, order or authorization of, or
          registration, declaration or filing with, any Governmental Entity is
          required by or with respect to such Loop Shareholder in connection
          with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the Ancillary
          Documents or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
          or thereby, except for such consents, authorizations, filings,
          approvals and registrations which, if not obtained or made, would not
          have a Material Adverse Effect on Loop and would not prevent,
          materially alter or delay any of the transactions contemplated by this
          Agreement.

               (d) OWNERSHIP OF LOOP'S COMMON STOCK. Each share of Loop's Common
          Stock indicated as being owned by such Loop Shareholder on Schedule
          3.3(d) is, or at Closing shall be, owned by such Loop Shareholder free
          and clear of any Liens, pledges, security interests, claims or other
          encumbrances. There are no contracts, commitments or agreements
          relating to voting, purchase or sale of Loop's capital stock between
          or among any such Loop Shareholder and any other Person, other than as
          disclosed in Schedule 3.2(e).

               (e) OWNERSHIP OF THE COMPANY'S STOCK. Each share of the Company's
          capital stock is, or at Closing shall be, owned by the Seller free and
          clear of any Liens, pledges, security interests, claims or other
          encumbrances. There are no contracts, commitments or agreements
          relating to voting, purchase or sale of the Company's capital stock
          between the Seller and any other Person.

               SECTION III.4 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE SELLER. The
     Seller represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Purchaser as
     follows, it being understood that the Purchaser is relying on the following
     representations and warranties to effect the transactions contemplated
     herein:

                                       26
<PAGE>

               (a)  ORGANIZATION, STANDING AND POWER. Seller is a corporation
          duly organized, validly existing under the laws of jurisdiction
          of organization. It has the corporate power to own its properties and
          to carry on its business as now being conducted and as currently
          proposed to be conducted and is duly qualified to do business in each
          jurisdiction in which the failure to be so qualified would have a
          material adverse effect on it ability to consummate the transactions
          contemplated hereby.

               (b)  AUTHORIZATION; NO CONFLICTS. The Seller has all requisite
          corporate or other power and authority to enter into this
          Agreement and the Ancillary Documents and to consummate the
          transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. This Agreement and any
          Ancillary Documents to which Seller is a party have been duly executed
          and delivered by the Seller and constitutes its valid and binding
          obligation enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except
          as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
          reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors
          generally and by general equitable principles. The execution and
          delivery of this Agreement and any Ancillary Documents to which Seller
          is a party by the Seller does not, and the consummation of the
          transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not, conflict with,
          or result in any violation of, or default under (with or without
          notice or lapse of time, or both), or give rise to a right of
          termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation or loss of
          any benefit under or make additional liabilities or fees due under (i)
          any provision of its organizational documents, if applicable, (ii) any
          Contractual Obligation or (iii) any statute, law, ordinance, rule,
          regulation, judgment, decree, stipulation, settlement or order
          applicable to it.

               (c)  CONSENTS. No consent, approval, order or authorization of,
          or registration, declaration or filing with, any Governmental
          Entity is required by or with respect to the Seller in connection with
          the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the Ancillary
          Documents or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
          or thereby, except for (i) any such consents, approvals, orders,
          authorizations, registrations, declarations or filings required to be
          made or obtained by Loop which may include or implicate the Seller, or
          (ii) such consents, authorizations, filings, approvals and
          registrations which, if not obtained or made, would not have a
          Material Adverse Effect on Loop and would not prevent, materially
          alter or delay any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

               (d)  OWNERSHIP OF LOOP'S COMMON STOCK. Each share of Loop's
          Common Stock indicated as being owned by such Loop Shareholder on
          Schedule 3.3(d) is, or at Closing shall be, owned by such Loop
          Shareholder free and clear of any Liens, pledges, security interests,
          claims or other encumbrances. There are no contracts, commitments or
          agreements relating to voting, purchase or sale of Loop's capital
          stock between or among any such Loop Shareholder and any other Person,
          other than as disclosed in Schedule 3.2(e).

               (e)  OWNERSHIP OF THE COMPANY'S STOCK. Each share of the
          Company's capital stock is, or at Closing shall be, owned by the
          Seller free and clear of any Liens, pledges,


                                       27
<PAGE>

          security interests, claims or other encumbrances. Except for this
          Agreement, there are no contracts, commitments or agreements relating
          to voting, purchase or sale of the Company's capital stock between the
          Seller and any other Person.

               Section III.5  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE PURCHASER.
The Purchaser represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Seller and the
Loop Shareholders as follows, it being understood that the Seller is relying on
the following representations and warranties to effect the transactions
contemplated herein:

               (a)  ORGANIZATION. The Purchaser is a corporation duly organized,
          validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of
          Delaware (U.S.A.) and has the requisite power and authority to enter
          into this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents to which it is a party
          and to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The
          Purchaser is duly licensed or qualified as a foreign corporation for
          the transaction of business and is in good standing under the laws of
          the State of California.

               (b)  AUTHORIZATION; NO CONFLICTS. The execution and delivery of
          this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents to which the Purchaser is a
          party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and
          thereby have been authorized by all necessary corporate action on
          behalf of the Purchaser. This Agreement has been, and on or prior to
          the Closing Date each of the Ancillary Documents to which the
          Purchaser is a party will be, duly and validly executed and delivered
          on behalf of the Purchaser and this Agreement is, and upon their
          execution and delivery on or prior to the Closing Date each of the
          Ancillary Documents to which the Purchaser is a party will be, a valid
          and binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable against it in
          accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by
          applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or
          similar laws affecting creditors generally and by general equitable
          principles. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
          and the Ancillary Documents to which the Purchaser is a party, the
          consummation by the Purchaser of the transactions contemplated hereby
          and thereby and the compliance by Purchaser with the provisions hereof
          and thereof will not conflict with, violate or result in a breach of
          any provision of, require a consent, approval or notice under, or
          constitute a default (or an event, which, with notice or lapse of time
          or both, would constitute a default) under, (i) any organizational
          document of the Purchaser, (ii) any Contractual Obligation of the
          Purchaser, or (iii) assuming that the clearances, filings, consents
          and approvals specified in Schedule 3.3(c) have been obtained or made
          and any waiting period applicable thereto has expired or been
          terminated, any Requirement of Law applicable to the Purchaser,
          except, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, such conflicts,
          violations, breaches, consents, approvals, notices, defaults,
          terminations, accelerations or Liens which would not have a Material
          Adverse Effect.

               (c)  CONSENTS AND APPROVALS. No consent, approval, order or
          authorization of, registration, declaration or filing with, or notice
          to, any Governmental Entity is required on the part of Purchaser in
          connection with the execution and delivery by Purchaser of this
          Agreement and the Ancillary Documents to which the Purchaser is a
          party, the


                                       28
<PAGE>

          consummation by the Purchaser of the transactions contemplated
          hereby and thereby or the performance by the Purchaser of its
          obligations hereunder and thereunder, except for such consents,
          approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations,
          filings or notices of which the failure to make or obtain would not
          have a Material Adverse Effect. The Purchaser is fully qualified under
          applicable law to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
          Agreement and the Ancillary Documents.

               (d) BROKERS AND FINDERS. The Purchaser is solely responsible for
          all fees or other amounts that may be payable by the Purchaser to
          any broker, finder, placement agent or financial advisor in connection
          with any of the transactions contemplated hereby or by the Ancillary
          Documents.

               (e)  ACQUISITION FOR INVESTMENT. The Purchaser is acquiring the
          Shares for investment, for its own account, not as a nominee or agent,
          and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, any
          distribution thereof in the United States or to a U.S. Person (as that
          term is defined in Regulation S under the United States Securities Act
          of 1933, as amended (the "SECURITIES ACT")). The Purchaser believes it
          has received all information it considers or appropriate to make an
          informed investment decision with respect to the Shares to be
          purchased by the Purchaser. The Purchaser further has had an
          opportunity to ask questions and receive answers from the Seller
          regarding the terms and conditions of the offering of the Shares and
          to obtain additional information necessary to verify any information
          furnished to the Purchaser or to which the Purchaser had access. The
          Purchaser understands that the purchase of the Shares involves
          substantial risk. The Purchaser has experience as an investor in
          securities of companies organized under the laws of countries other
          than the United States and acknowledges that it is able to fend for
          itself, can bear the economic risk of its investment in the Shares and
          has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters,
          that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment
          in the Shares and protecting its own interests in connection with this
          investment. Purchaser is an "Accredited Investor" as such term is
          defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act.
          Purchaser acknowledges that the Shares have not been registered under
          the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state of the United
          States and may not be resold or transferred in the United States or to
          a U.S. Person unless they are subsequently registered under the
          Securities Act or the applicable laws of any state, or unless an
          exemption from registration is available. Purchaser acknowledges that
          the Company is under no obligation to undertake any such registration
          or to facilitate the availability of any such exemption. Purchaser
          further understands that there is no current market for the Shares in
          the United States or elsewhere, that no such market is likely to
          develop, that the Company is under no obligation to create or foster
          the creation of any such market and that, due to the absence of any
          such market, Purchaser may be required to hold the Shares
          indefinitely.

               (f)  Purchaser and its Affiliates have on hand sufficient funds
          to pay the Purchase Price hereunder.


                                       29
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE IV.

                     CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING THE CLOSING

          Section IV.1   CONDUCT OF THE BUSINESS PENDING THE CLOSING. During the
period from the date of this Agreement and continuing until the earlier of
the termination of this Agreement or the Closing, the Company and Loop agree,
and the Loop Shareholders undertake to cause Loop, (except to the extent
expressly permitted or required by this Agreement or as consented to in advance
in writing by the Purchaser), to carry on its business in the usual, regular and
ordinary course in substantially the same manner as heretofore conducted. Each
of the Company and Loop further agrees to pay its debts and Taxes when due,
subject to good faith disputes over such debts or Taxes and to file required
reports, statements, returns and other forms and documentation required to be
filed under any applicable laws or regulations with respect to Taxes
(collectively, "TAX RETURNS"), to pay or perform other obligations when due, and
to use all reasonable efforts consistent with past practice and policies to
preserve intact its present business organizations, keep available the services
of its present officers and key employees and preserve its relationships with
customers, suppliers, distributors, licensors, licensees, and others having
business dealings with it, in order to preserve its goodwill and ongoing
business. Each of the Company and Loop agrees to promptly notify the Purchaser
of any event or occurrence not in the ordinary course of its business, and of
any event that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
either of them.

          Section IV.2   RESTRICTION ON CONDUCT OF BUSINESS OF THE COMPANY AND
LOOP. During the period from the date of this Agreement and continuing until the
earlier of the termination of this Agreement or the Closing, except as expressly
provided for in this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents, the Company or Loop
shall not, and the Loop Shareholders shall cause both the Company and Loop not
to, do, cause or permit any of the following, without the prior written consent
of the Purchaser:

          (a CHARTER DOCUMENTS.  Cause or permit any amendments to its articles
     of association, bylaws or other organizational documents;

          (b DIVIDENDS; CHANGES IN CAPITAL STOCK. Declare or pay any dividends
     on or make any other distributions (whether in cash, stock or property) in
     respect of any of its capital stock (including capital reserves), or split
     (except for any split contemplated in the Loop Shareholders' Resolution),
     combine or reclassify any of its capital stock or issue or authorize the
     issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in
     substitution for shares of its capital stock, or repurchase or otherwise
     acquire, directly or indirectly, any shares of its capital stock except
     from former employees, directors and consultants to the extent required in
     accordance with agreements providing for the repurchase of shares in
     connection with any termination of service to it;

          (c STOCK OPTION ARRANGEMENTS, ETC. Except as contemplated by the Stock
     Option Plan accelerate, amend or change the period of exercisability or
     vesting of options or


                                       30
<PAGE>

     other rights granted under its stock plans or authorize cash payments
     in exchange for any options or other rights granted under any of such
     plans;

          (d MATERIAL AGREEMENTS. Enter into any Material Agreement or violate,
     amend or otherwise modify or waive any of the terms of any of its Material
     Agreements;

          (e ISSUANCE OF SECURITIES. Except as provided for in this Agreement,
     issue, deliver or sell or authorize or propose the issuance, delivery or
     sale of, or purchase or propose the purchase of, any shares of its capital
     stock or securities convertible into, or subscriptions, rights, warrants or
     options to acquire, or other agreements or commitments of any character
     obligating it to issue any such shares or other convertible securities;

          (f INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. Transfer to any person or entity any rights
     to its Intellectual Property other than pursuant to non-exclusive,
     non-source code licenses in the ordinary course of business consistent with
     past practice;

          (g EXCLUSIVE RIGHTS. Enter into or amend any agreements pursuant to
     which any other party is granted exclusive marketing or other exclusive
     rights of any type or scope with respect to any of its products or
     technology;

          (h DISPOSITIONS. Sell, lease, license or otherwise dispose of or
     encumber any of its properties or assets which are material, individually
     or in the aggregate, to its business, taken as a whole except for (i) sales
     of products and services in the ordinary course of business or (ii) sales
     of obsolete or unused equipment;

          (i INDEBTEDNESS. Incur any indebtedness for borrowed money in excess
     of euro 100,000 in the aggregate, guarantee any indebtedness of other
     Persons (other than the Company), or issue or sell any debt securities or
     guarantee any debt securities of other Persons;

          (j PAYMENT OF OBLIGATIONS. Pay, discharge or satisfy in an amount in
     excess of euro 10,000 in any one case or euro 50,000 in the aggregate, any
     claim, liability or obligation (absolute, accrued, asserted or unasserted,
     contingent or otherwise) arising other than in the ordinary course of
     business other than the payment, discharge or satisfaction of liabilities
     reflected or reserved against in the Financial Statements;

          (k CAPITAL EXPENDITURES. Make any capital expenditures, capital
     additions or capital improvements, other than capital expenditures,
     additions and improvements not exceeding euro 250,000 in the aggregate
     during any individual calendar month;

          (l INSURANCE. Materially reduce the amount of any insurance coverage
     provided by existing insurance policies;


                                       31
<PAGE>

          (m TERMINATION OR WAIVER. Terminate or waive any right of substantial
     value, commence voluntary bankruptcy, receivership or similar proceedings,
     or terminate its legal existence;

          (n EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS. (i) Increase or accelerate the compensation
     or fringe benefits of any current or former director or employee of Loop
     (except for increases in salary or wages in the ordinary course of business
     consistent with past practice), (ii) grant any severance or termination pay
     to any current or former director or employee of Loop or (iii) establish,
     adopt, enter into, amend or terminate any company plan or any plan,
     agreement, program, policy, trust, or other arrangement that would be a
     company plan if it were in existence as of the date of this Agreement;

          (o LAWSUITS. Commence a lawsuit other than (i) for the routine
     collection of bills, (ii) in such cases where it in good faith determines
     that failure to commence suit would result in the material impairment of a
     valuable aspect of its business or result in a loss of rights of
     substantial value, PROVIDED that it consults with the Purchaser prior to
     the filing of such a suit or (iii) for a breach of this Agreement;

          (p ACQUISITIONS. Acquire or agree to acquire by merging or
     consolidating with, or by purchasing a substantial portion of the assets
     of, or by any other manner, any business or any corporation, partnership,
     association or other business organization or division thereof, or
     otherwise acquire or agree to acquire any assets which are material,
     individually or in the aggregate, to its business;

          (q TAXES; ACCOUNTING. Make or change any material election in respect
     of Taxes, change any annual Tax accounting period, adopt or change any
     accounting method, file any material Tax Return or any amendment to a
     material Tax Return, enter into any closing agreement relating to any Tax,
     settle any claim or assessment in respect of Taxes, surrender any right to
     claim a Tax refund, or consent to any extension or waiver of the limitation
     period applicable to any claim or assessment in respect of Taxes;

          (r NOTICES. Fail to give all notices and other information required to
     be given to the employees of Loop any collective bargaining unit
     representing any group of employees of the Company, and any applicable
     Governmental Entity any applicable law in connection with the transactions
     provided for in this Agreement;

          (s REVALUATION. Revalue any of its assets, including without
     limitation writing down the value of inventory or writing off notes or
     accounts receivable other than in the ordinary course of business;

          (t LOANS; CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS. Make any loans or advances to, or
     guarantees for the benefit of, or any capital contributions to, any Person,
     or form any Subsidiary, other than advances of expenses to employees made
     in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice.


                                       32
<PAGE>

          (u CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS. Make any charitable contributions or
     pledges exceeding euro 10,000 in the aggregate.

          (v OTHER. Take or agree in writing or otherwise to take, any of the
     actions described in Sections 4.2 (a) through (u) above, or any action
     which would make any of its representations or warranties contained in this
     Agreement untrue or incorrect or prevent it from performing or cause it not
     to perform its covenants hereunder.

          Section IV.3 ACCESS TO INFORMATION. (a) The Company and Loop
shall afford the Purchaser and its accountants, counsel and other
representatives reasonable access during normal business hours during the period
prior to the Closing to (i) all of the Company's and Loop's properties, books,
contracts, commitments and records, and (ii) all other information concerning
the business, properties, personnel of the Company and Loop as the Purchaser may
reasonably request. The Company and Loop agree to provide to the Purchaser and
its accountants, counsel and other representatives copies of internal financial
statements promptly upon request to the extent that any such internal financial
statements are prepared by the Company or Loop, as the case may be, in the
ordinary course of business.

          (b Subject to compliance with applicable law, from the date hereof
until the Closing, each of the Purchaser, Loop and the Company shall confer on a
regular and frequent basis with one or more representatives of the other party
to report operational matters of materiality and the general status of the
Company's and Loop's ongoing operations.

          (c No information or knowledge obtained in any investigation pursuant
to this Section 4.3 or otherwise shall affect or be deemed to modify any
representation or warranty contained herein or the conditions to the obligations
of the Parties to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

          (d The Company and Loop shall provide the Purchaser and its
accountants, counsel and other representatives reasonable access, during normal
business hours, during the period prior to the Closing, to all of the Company's
and Loop's Tax Returns and other records and workpapers relating to Taxes and
shall provide to the Purchaser and its representatives, promptly upon request,
the following information: (i) the types of Tax Returns being filed by the
Company or Loop in each taxing jurisdiction, (ii) the year of the commencement
of the filing of each such type of Tax Return, (iii) all closed years with
respect to each such type of Tax Return filed in each jurisdiction, (iv)
all material Tax elections filed in each jurisdiction by the Company or Loop,
(v) any deferred intercompany gain with respect to transactions to which the
Company or Loop have been a party, and (vi) receipts for any Taxes paid to
foreign Tax authorities.

     Section IV.4 NO SOLICITATION. (a) Prior to the Closing, neither Loop,
the Loop Shareholders nor the Company shall authorize or permit any officer,
director or employee of, or any investment banker, attorney or other advisor or
representative of, Loop, the Company or the Loop Shareholders to, directly or
indirectly, (i) take any action to solicit, initiate, encourage or knowingly
facilitate any Material Transaction Proposal (as defined in Section 4.4 (c)) or
the submission of a Material Transaction Proposal or (ii) enter into or
participate in any discussions


                                       33
<PAGE>

or negotiations regarding, or furnish to any person any information with
respect to, a Material Transaction Proposal. The Company, Loop and/or the Loop
Shareholders will promptly notify the Purchaser of receipt of any request for
information or any Material Transaction Proposal, the material terms and
conditions of such request or Material Transaction Proposal and the identity of
the Person making any such request or Material Transaction Proposal, and will
keep the Purchaser fully informed on a current basis of the status and details
of any such request or Material Transaction Proposal. The Company, Loop and/or
the Loop Shareholders will immediately cease and cause to be terminated any
existing activities, discussions and negotiations conducted heretofore with
respect to any Material Transaction Proposal.

          (b Prior to the Closing, neither the Loop Shareholders nor the
Company or Loop shall (i) approve or recommend or propose publicly to approve or
recommend any Material Transaction Proposal, or (ii) cause or agree to cause the
Company or Loop to enter into any agreement (including, without limitation, any
letter of intent or agreement in principle) related to a Material Transaction
Proposal.

          (c As used herein, "MATERIAL TRANSACTION PROPOSAL" means any
inquiry, proposal or offer from any Person relating to (i) the direct or
indirect acquisition or purchase of 5% or more of the assets (based on the fair
market value thereof) of the Company or Loop or of 5% or more of any class of
equity securities of the Company or Loop or any tender offer or exchange offer
(including by the Company or Loop) that if consummated would result in any
Person beneficially owning 5% or more of any class of equity securities of the
Company or Loop, or (ii) any merger, consolidation, business combination, sale
of all or substantially all assets, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution
or similar transaction involving the Company or Loop other than the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE V.

                                OTHER AGREEMENTS

          Section V.1 CONVERSION. Upon the request of the Company, Loop and
the Loop Shareholders shall promptly after such request is made take all actions
necessary in accordance with applicable law, any request of the Spanish
Companies Registrar and Loop's articles of incorporation and by-laws to give
effect to the amendment to Loop's by-laws, previously approved in the Loop
Shareholders Resolution, to permit the conversion of the Company's shares of
Loop's Preferred Stock into shares of Loop's Common Stock (the "CONVERSION").

          Section V.2 [Intentionally Omitted]

          Section V.3 PUBLIC STATEMENTS. Each of the Seller, the Company,
the Loop Shareholders and the Purchaser agrees to hold in strict confidence and
not to disclose to others the status of any discussions or relations among the
Parties with respect to the subject matter of


                                       34
<PAGE>

this Agreement or the Ancillary Documents until such time as the Parties
mutually agree to publicly disclose such information or are legally obligated to
disclose such information or are obligated by applicable stock exchange rules to
disclose such information. Before any Party or any Affiliate of such party shall
release any information concerning this Agreement or the Ancillary Documents or
the matters contemplated hereby or thereby which is intended for or may result
in public dissemination thereof, such Party shall cooperate with the other
Parties, shall furnish drafts of all documents or proposed oral statements to
the other Parties, provide the other Parties the opportunity to review and
comment upon any such documents or statements and shall not release or permit
release of any such information without the consent of the other Parties, except
to the extent required by applicable law or the rules of any securities exchange
or automated quotation system on which its securities or those of its Affiliate
are traded.

          Section V.4 REASONABLE COMMERCIAL EFFORTS. Subject to the
terms and conditions provided in this Agreement, each Party shall execute and
deliver such additional instruments and other documents and shall use reasonable
commercial efforts to take promptly, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to
do promptly, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable
under applicable laws and regulations to consummate and make effective the
transactions contemplated hereby by the time that this Agreement requires them
to be consummated, to obtain all necessary waivers, consents and approvals and
to effect all necessary registrations and filings, including without limitation
the filings and consents set forth on Schedule 3.1(d), Schedule 3.2(d) and
Schedule 3.3(c) hereto (collectively, the "REQUIRED CONSENTS") and to remove any
injunctions or other impediments or delays, legal or otherwise, in order to
consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
for the purpose of securing to the Parties hereto the benefits contemplated by
this Agreement; PROVIDED that notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Agreement, no Party nor any of their Affiliates shall be required to make any
disposition, including, without limitation, any disposition of, or any agreement
to hold separate, any Subsidiary, asset or business, and no Party hereto nor any
of their Affiliates shall be required to make any payment of money nor shall any
Party or its Affiliates be required to comply with any condition or undertaking
or take any action which, individually or in the aggregate, would materially
adversely affect the economic benefits to such Party of the transactions
contemplated hereby and the Ancillary Documents, taken as a whole or materially
adversely affect any other business of such Party or its Affiliates. Moreover,
the Seller and the Loop Shareholders agree to cause the Company and/or Loop to
duly and timely perform all of their obligations under this Agreement which are
to be performed from the date hereof until, and including, the Closing Date.

          Section 5.5 NOTIFICATION OF CERTAIN MATTERS. Each Party to this
Agreement shall give prompt notice to each other Party of the occurrence or
non-occurrence of any event, the occurrence or non-occurrence of which is likely
to cause any condition of any Party contained in Article VI of this Agreement to
not be satisfied at or prior to Closing; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the delivery of
any notice pursuant to this Section 5.5 shall not limit or otherwise affect any
remedies available to the Party receiving such notice. No disclosure by any
Party pursuant to this Section 5.5, however, shall be deemed to amend or
supplement the disclosures set forth on


                                       35
<PAGE>

the Schedules to ARTICLE III or prevent
or cure any misrepresentations, breach of warranty or breach of covenant.

          Section 5.6 TAX ELECTIONS. The Purchaser shall have the authority to
file, or to cause the Company or Loop to file, any election with respect to
Loop and the Company for United States federal tax purposes, including an
election in accordance with section 754 of the United State Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended and the regulations thereunder. Loop and the Company
shall provide any information that the Purchaser reasonably requests in order to
make any such election, and the Company and the Loop Shareholders shall
cooperate and take such action as necessary for purposes of this Section 5.6.

          Section 5.7 FURTHER ASSURANCES. The Parties agree to cooperate with
one another to execute and deliver such other documents, and do all such other
further things as may be reasonably required to carry out the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or the Ancillary Documents.

                                   ARTICLE VI.

                              CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

               Section VI.1 CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF PURCHASER AND SELLER.
The respective obligations of the Purchaser and the Seller to consummate and
effect the transactions contemplated hereby shall be subject to the satisfaction
at or prior to the Closing of each of the following conditions, any of which may
be waived, in writing, by agreement of the Purchaser and the Seller:

               (a NO INJUNCTIONS OR RESTRAINTS; ILLEGALITY. No temporary
         restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order
         issued by any court of competent jurisdiction or other legal or
         regulatory restraint or prohibition preventing the consummation of the
         Closing shall be in effect, nor shall any proceeding brought by an
         administrative agency or commission or other governmental authority or
         instrumentality, domestic or foreign, seeking any of the foregoing be
         pending; nor shall there be any action taken, or any statute, rule,
         regulation or order enacted, entered, enforced or deemed applicable to
         the Closing hereunder, which makes the consummation of the transactions
         provided for herein or in the Ancillary Documents illegal. In the event
         an injunction or other order shall have been issued, each Party agrees
         to use its reasonable commercial efforts to have such injunction or
         other order lifted.

               (b APPROVALS. All permits, consents, authorizations, orders and
         approvals of, and filings and registrations required under applicable
         law, rule or regulation for or in connection with the execution and
         delivery of this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents and the
         consummation by the Parties hereto of the transactions contemplated
         hereby and thereby shall have been obtained or made and all statutory


                                       36
<PAGE>

         waiting periods thereunder in respect thereof shall have expired,
         except where the failure to obtain any permit, consent, authorization,
         order or approval, or make any filing or registration would not have a
         Material Adverse Effect.

               Section 6.2 ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS OF THE PURCHASER. The
obligation of the Purchaser to purchase the Shares at the Closing is subject to
the satisfaction or waiver of each of the following conditions precedent at or
prior to the Closing:

               (a) REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; COVENANTS. (i) The
         representations and warranties of the Seller, the Company and the Loop
         Shareholders contained in this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents
         shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the
         date of this Agreement or the date of such Ancillary Documents, as the
         case may be (provided that if such representations and warranties are
         already subject to a materiality qualification then the materiality
         qualification in this Section 6.2(a)(i) shall not apply); and on and as
         of the Closing Date, with the same effect as though made on and as of
         such date (provided that if such representations and warranties are
         already subject to a materiality qualification, then the materiality
         qualification in this Section 6.2(a)(i) shall not apply), except to the
         extent any such representation and warranty is made as of a specified
         date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and
         correct in all material respects on and as of such specified date
         (provided that if such representations and warranties are already
         subject to a materiality qualification, then the materiality
         qualification in this Section 6.2(a)(i) shall not apply), and (ii) the
         Company and the Loop Shareholders shall have performed in all material
         respects all obligations, agreements, undertakings, covenants and
         conditions of this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents required to be
         performed by them at or prior to the Closing Date; provided that if
         such obligations, agreements, undertakings, covenants and conditions
         are already subject to a materiality qualification, then the
         materiality qualification in this Section 6.2(a)(ii) shall not apply.

               (b) COMPANY CERTIFICATE. The Seller, the Company, Loop and the
         Loop Shareholders shall have delivered to the Purchaser a certificate,
         dated the Closing Date, signed by its chief executive officer or its
         chief financial officer, or in the case of a Loop Shareholder by such
         Loop Shareholder, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
         Purchaser, to the effect that the conditions set forth in Section
         6.2(a) have been satisfied.

               (c THIRD PARTY CONSENTS. The Purchaser shall have been furnished
         with evidence satisfactory to it of (i) the consent or approval of
         those Persons whose consent or approval shall be required in connection
         with the transactions contemplated hereby and (ii) the consent or
         approval of any other Persons (if any) whose consent or approval is
         necessary in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby in
         order to prevent breach or termination of any contract, agreement,
         right, license, permit or other asset of the Company or Loop, other
         than in the case of this clause (ii) any such consents or approvals the
         failure of which to obtain would not reasonably be expected to have a
         Material Adverse Effect on the Company or Loop.


                                       37


          (d INJUNCTIONS OR RESTRAINTS ON CONDUCT OF BUSINESS. No temporary
     restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order
     issued by any court of competent jurisdiction or other legal or regulatory
     restraint provision limiting or restricting the Purchaser's conduct or the
     operation of the business of the Company or Loop following the Closing
     shall be in effect, and no proceeding brought by an administrative agency
     or commission or other Governmental Entity, domestic or foreign, seeking
     the foregoing shall be pending.

          (e NO MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT. There shall not have occurred any
     Material Adverse Effect on the Company or Loop. For the purpose of this
     Section 6.2(e), a Material Adverse Effect shall mean a material adverse
     effect that (i) affects the ability of the Company or Loop to continue to
     carry out the business as conducted by the Company or Loop, as the case may
     be, or as contemplated to be conducted by the Company or Loop, as the case
     may be, or (ii) affects the ability of Loop or the Company to timely
     perform their obligations under this Agreement or the Ancillary Documents
     to which it is a party.

          (f CONVERSION OF LOOP TO AN S.L. Loop shall have been converted from
     an S.A. to an S.L. under Spanish law, and in accordance with the Loop
     Shareholders Resolution.

          (g LOOP SHAREHOLDERS RESOLUTIONS. The Loop Shareholders Resolution
     shall have been approved by the Loop Shareholders at the Loop Shareholders
     Meeting and not have been amended, modified or revoked. The Loop
     Shareholders Resolution shall have been raised to the status of public deed
     (DOCUMENTO PUBLICO) before a Spanish notary public.

          (h The Board Resolution shall have been approved by the Loop Board and
     not have been amended; modified or revoked. The Board Resolution shall have
     been raised to the status of public deed (DOCUMENTO PUBLICO) before a
     Spanish notary public.

          (i The powers of attorney granted in favor of Mr. Gonazalo Mendoza
     Zabala and Mr. Marcus Pujol Benet shall have been revised to the
     satisfaction of the Purchaser.

          Section 6.3 ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS OF THE SELLER. The obligations of
(i) the Seller to sell the Shares at the Closing are subject to satisfaction or
waiver of each of the following conditions precedent at or prior to the Closing:

          (a) REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; COVENANTS. (i) The representations
     and warranties of the Purchaser contained in this Agreement and the
     Ancillary Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects on
     and as of the date of this Agreement or the date of such Ancillary
     Documents, as the case may be; and on and as of the Closing Date with the
     same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent any
     such representation and warranty is made as of a specified date, in which
     case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all
     material respects


                                       38

<PAGE>


     on and as of such specified date, and (ii) the Purchaser shall have
     performed in all material respects all obligations, agreements,
     undertakings, covenants and conditions of this Agreement and the Ancillary
     Documents required to be performed by it at or prior to the Closing.

          (b) THE PURCHASER'S CERTIFICATE. The Purchaser shall have delivered to
     the Company a certificate, dated the Closing Date, in form and substance
     reasonably satisfactory to the Company to the effect that the foregoing
     conditions set forth in Section 6.3(a) have been satisfied.

          (c) NO MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT. There shall not have occurred any
     Material Adverse Effect on the Purchaser; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that
     fluctuations in the market value of the Purchaser's stock shall not be
     deemed to constitute a Material Adverse Effect on the Purchaser except to
     the extent accompanied by other demonstrable material adverse effects
     occurring with respect to the Purchaser's and its Subsidiaries businesses,
     taken as a whole.

          (d) THIRD PARTY CONSENTS. The Seller shall have been furnished with
     evidence satisfactory to it of the consent or approval of those Persons
     whose consent or approval shall be required for the Purchaser to consummate
     the transactions contemplated hereby, other than in the case that the
     failure to obtain any such consents or approvals would not reasonably be
     expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Seller.

          (e) ESCROW AGREEMENT. The Purchaser shall have executed the Escrow
     Agreement which shall be in full force and effect.


                                  ARTICLE VII.

                                      TERM

          Section VII.1 TERMINATION. This Agreement may be terminated on or any
time prior to the Closing:

          (a by the mutual written consent of all Parties hereto; or

          (b by either the Seller or the Purchaser if the Closing shall have not
     have occurred on or prior to September 22, 2000 (the "TERMINATION DATE"),
     unless the failure of such occurrence shall be due to the failure of the
     Party seeking to terminate this Agreement to perform or observe its
     agreements set forth herein required to be performed or observed by such
     the Seller, the Company, Loop or the Loop Shareholders, on the one hand, or
     the Purchaser, on or before the Closing; or

          (c by the Seller or the Purchaser pursuant to notice if any
     Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction shall have denied any
     approval under any of the laws, rules or regulations described in Section
     3.1(d), 3.2(d), 3.3(c), 3.4(c) or 3.5(c) necessary for the


                                       39

<PAGE>


     consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby by a final and
     unappealable order.

               Section VII.2 EFFECT OF TERMINATION. In the event of the
     termination of this Agreement as provided in Section 7.1, this Agreement
     shall forthwith become void, except for the obligations set forth in this
     Section and in Sections 5.3 and 8.7 and there shall be no liability or
     obligation on the part of the Parties hereto except as otherwise provided
     in this Agreement. The termination of this Agreement under Section 7.1(b)
     shall not relieve any Party of any liability for breach of this Agreement
     prior to the date of termination.

                                  ARTICLE VIII.

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

               Section VIII.1 SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. All
representations and warranties made herein or in any certificates delivered in
connection with the Closing shall survive for a period of twenty-four (24)
months after the Closing, PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that (a) the Surviving
Representations and Warranties shall not terminate pursuant to this Section 8.1
and shall continue to survive indefinitely and (b) the representations and
warranties in Sections 3.1(j), 3.2(k), 3.2(l), 3.2(o) and 3.2(p) shall survive
until 30 days after the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations
relating to the matters covered therein, PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the Company,
Loop or the Seller shall not waive any statute of limitations without the prior
written consent of the Purchaser.

               Section VIII.2 NOTICES. All notices and other communications
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given, if
delivered personally, by telecopier or sent by overnight courier as follows:

               (a   If to the Purchaser or the Company (after Closing), to:

                    COVAD COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
                           4520 Burton Drive
                           Santa Clara, CA 95054
                           Attention: General Counsel
                           Fax: (408) 987-1111

                           with a copy to:

                           Simpson Thacher & Bartlett
                           425 Lexington Avenue
                           New York, New York 10017
                           Attention: John W. Carr
                           Fax: (212) 455-2502


                                       40
<PAGE>


               (b   If to the Seller or the Company (before Closing) to:

                           Greenaway Holdings Ltd.
                           c/o Loop Telecom, S.A.
                           World Trade Center, Norte, 6(a)Planta
                           Moll de Barcelona, s/n
                           08039 Barcelona
                           Attention: Wyatt Rosental / Marc Pujol
                           Fax: (+34 93) 344-2401

                           with a copy to:

                           Cuatrecasas
                           Paseo de Gracia, 111
                           08008 Barcelona
                           Attention: Emilio Coco
                           Fax: (+34 93) 290-5535

          (c   If to Loop, to:

                           Loop Telecom, S.A.
                           World Trade Center, Norte, 6(a) Planta
                           Moll de Barcelona, s/n
                           08039 Barcelona
                           Attention: Wyatt Rosental / Marc Pujol
                           Fax:   (+34 93) 344-2401

                           with a copy to:

                           Cuatrecasas
                           Paseo de Gracia, 111
                           08008 Barcelona
                           Attention: Emilio Coco
                           Fax: (+34 93) 290-5535

         (d) if to any of the Loop Shareholders

                           Mr.Wyatt Rosental
                           Calle Valencia 182, 1(0)1(a)
                           Barcelona 08011
                           Spain
                           Fax: (+34 93) 344-2401


                                       41
<PAGE>


                           with a copy to:

                           Cuatrecasas
                           Paseo de Gracia, 111
                           08008 Barcelona
                           Attention: Emilio Coco
                           Fax: (+34 93) 290-5535

or to such other address or addresses as shall be designated in writing. All
notices shall be effective when received.

               Section VIII.3 ENTIRE AGREEMENT; AMENDMENT. This Agreement, the
Ancillary Documents and the documents described herein and therein or attached
or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto set forth the entire agreement between
the Parties hereto with respect to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. Any provision of this Agreement may be amended or modified in whole
or in part at any time by an agreement in writing among the Parties hereto
executed in the same manner as this Agreement. No failure on the part of any
Party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right shall operate as a
waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise by any Party of any
right preclude any other or future exercise thereof or the exercise of any other
right. This Agreement and the Shareholders Agreement shall govern in the event
of a conflict with Loop's by-laws.

               Section VIII.4 COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in
one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to constitute an
original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same document.

               SECTION VIII.5 GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED
AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, U.S.A.,
APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS EXECUTED AND PERFORMED WITHIN SUCH STATE.

               Section VIII.6 INDEMNIFICATION BY THE LOOP SHAREHOLDERS. The Loop
Shareholders agree to indemnify and save harmless Loop and each of its partners,
officers, directors, employees, agents and Affiliates in their respective
capacities as such (the "LOOP FEE INDEMNITEES") from and against, and shall pay
to Loop an amount equal to, 70% of the fees or other amounts that may be payable
to each Person listed on Schedule 3.2(x) in excess of US$ 1,000,000. The
provisions of Section 8.8(b) (but not Section 8.8(e)) shall apply, MUTATIS
MUTANDIS, to any claim for indemnification by the Loop Fee Indemnitees against
the Loop Shareholders pursuant to this Section 8.6.

               Section VIII.7 FEES AND EXPENSES. The Purchaser shall bear its
own costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the
Ancillary Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the fees
and expenses of its accountants and counsel. Subject to Section 8.6, the Company
shall bear the reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Seller, the Company
and the Loop Shareholders in connection with this


                                       42
<PAGE>


Agreement and the Ancillary Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby,
including fees and expenses of their respective accountants and counsels.

               Section VIII.8 INDEMNIFICATION BY LOOP AND THE LOOP SHAREHOLDERS.
(a) Subject to Section 8.8(e), the Seller, Loop and the Loop Shareholders agree
to jointly and severally indemnify and save harmless the Purchaser and each of
the respective partners, officers, directors, employees, agents and Affiliates
of the Purchaser in their respective capacities as such (the "PURCHASER
INDEMNITEES"), from and against any and all actions, suits, claims, proceedings,
costs, damages, judgments, amounts paid in settlement (subject to Section
8.8(b)) and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorneys' fees
and disbursements)(collectively, "LOSSES"), relating to or arising out of (i)
any inaccuracy in or breach of the representations, warranties, covenants or
agreements made by the Company, the Seller, Loop or the Loop Shareholders
herein; (ii) Arrow Capital Associates Inc.'s lack of a license from the Bank of
Spain relating to the lease, dated June 23,2000 between Loop and Arrow Capital
Associates Inc. ("ARROW LOSSES"); (iii) Loop's lack of an activity license
(LICENSAD DE ACTIVIDAD) ("ACTIVITY LICENSE LOSSES") or (iv) Loop's lack of an
evaluation and plan of prevention of labor risks under Spain's Law 31/1995, of
November 8, on PREVENTION OF LABOR RISK ("LABOR PLAN LOSSES").


               (b   A Purchaser Indemnitee shall give written notice to Loop and
the Loop Shareholders' Agent of any claim with respect to which it seeks
indemnification promptly after the discovery by such party of any matters giving
rise to a claim for indemnification; PROVIDED that the failure of any Purchaser
Indemnitee to give notice as provided herein shall not relieve Loop and the Loop
Shareholders of their obligations under this Section 8.8 or the Loop
Shareholders of their obligations under Section 8.9 unless and to the extent
that Loop or the Loop Shareholders shall have been materially prejudiced by the
failure of such Purchaser Indemnitee to so notify Loop or the Loop Shareholders'
Agent. In case any such action, suit, claim or proceeding is brought against a
Purchaser Indemnitee, Loop and the Loop Shareholders shall be entitled to
participate in the defense thereof and, to the extent that they may wish, to
assume the defense thereof, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the
Purchaser, and after notice from Loop and/or the Loop Shareholders of its/their
election so to assume the defense thereof, Loop and/or the Loop Shareholders
will not be liable to such Purchaser Indemnitee under this Section 8.8 for any
legal or other expense subsequently incurred by such Purchaser Indemnitee in
connection with the defense thereof; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that (i) if Loop and/or
the Loop Shareholders shall elect not to assume the defense of such claim or
action or (ii) if outside legal counsel to the Purchaser Indemnitee reasonably
determines that there may be a conflict between the positions of Loop and/or the
Loop Shareholders, on the one hand, and of the Purchaser Indemnitee, on the
other hand, in defending such claim or action, then separate counsel shall be
entitled to participate in and conduct the defense, and Loop and/or the Loop
Shareholders shall be liable for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred
by the Purchaser Indemnitee in connection with the defense (but only with
respect to one such separate counsel). Loop and/or the Loop Shareholders shall
not be liable for any settlement of any action, suit, claim or proceeding
effected without its written consent; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that Loop and/or the
Loop Shareholders shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition their
consent. Loop and the Loop Shareholders further agree that they will not,
without the


                                       43
<PAGE>


Purchaser Indemnitee's prior written consent (which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld), settle or compromise any claim or consent to
entry of any judgment in respect thereof in any pending or threatened action,
suit, claim or proceeding in respect of which indemnification may be sought
hereunder unless such settlement or compromise includes an unconditional release
of the Purchaser and each other Purchaser Indemnitee from all liability arising
out of such action, suit, claim or proceeding.

               (c) Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary,
the indemnification provided in Section 8.8(a) above shall not apply unless the
aggregate of all amounts subject to indemnification under section 8.8(a) exceeds
US$100,000 (the "BASKET"); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that for the purposes of
calculating the Basket, materiality limitations set forth in the representations
and warranties shall be of no effect. The Basket shall not apply to Losses
relating to or arising out of (i) any inaccuracy in or breach of the
representations and warranties made in Section 3.1(i), Section 3.1(j), Section
3.1(l), Section 3.3(d), Section 3.3(e), Section 3.4(d) and Section 3.4(e); (ii)
any Arrow Losses; (iii) any Activity License Losses; or (iv) any Labor Plan
Losses. In any event, the maximum amount that Loop and the Loop Shareholders
will be required to pay under Section 8.2(a) in respect of all claims by
Purchaser Indemnities thereunder shall not exceed US$50,000,000. No claim for
indemnification under Section 8.2(a) may be made by any Purchaser Indemnitee in
respect of any representation or warranty following the expiration of the
applicable survival period, if any, specified with respect to such
representation or warranty in Section 8.1.

               (d)  The Purchaser shall not be permitted to seek indemnification
pursuant to this Section 8.8 from any Loop Shareholder for any Losses, unless
prior to seeking such indemnification , the Purchaser shall first have sought to
obtain indemnification with respect to such matter from Loop.

               (e)  The Purchaser shall not be permitted to seek indemnification
pursuant to this Section 8.8 from any Loop Shareholder for any Losses in excess
of such Loop Shareholder's "INDEMNITY PERCENTAGE" which shall be determined on a
pro rata basis calculated by dividing the number of Loop Common Shares held by
such Loop Shareholder by the aggregate number of Common Shares held by all Loop
Shareholders; provided, however, that the indemnification in this Section 8.8
shall be joint and several among the members of the Mendala Group; joint and
several between Steven Willens and Wyatt Rosental (the "WILLENS-ROSENTAL
GROUP"); and several between the Willens-Rosental Group and the Mendala Group.

               (f) The indemnification provided for in this Section 8.8 shall be
the exclusive post-Closing remedy available to the Purchaser with respect to any
inaccuracy in or breach of any representation or warranty made by Loop and/or
the Loop Shareholders in this Agreement; PROVIDED that nothing herein shall
prevent the Purchaser from pursuing any remedies legally available for fraud or
fraudulent misrepresentation.

               Section VIII.9 SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS; THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES.
Subject to applicable law and the following sentence, the Purchaser may assign
its rights under this Agreement in whole or in part only to any Affiliate of the
Purchaser, but no such assignment shall relieve the Purchaser of its obligations
hereunder. The Purchaser shall not assign any


                                       44
<PAGE>


rights under this Agreement to any Affiliate if (a) such assignment would cause
any representation or warranty of the Purchaser to become materially untrue or
incorrect, (b) such Affiliate does not expressly assume pursuant to a document
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Seller and the Loop
Shareholders all of the obligations of the Purchaser associated with the rights
proposed to be assigned or (c) such assignment would materially delay or impair
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Ancillary
Documents. Neither the Seller, the Company, Loop nor any of the Loop
Shareholders may assign any of its rights or delegate any of its duties under
this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Purchaser. Any purported
assignment in violation of this Section shall be void. Nothing herein shall
create or be deemed to create any third party beneficiary rights in any person
or entity not a party hereto.

               Section VIII.10 INDEMNIFICATION BY THE PURCHASER. (a) Subject to
Section 8.12, the Purchaser agrees to indemnify and save harmless Loop, the Loop
Shareholders, the Seller and each of their respective partners, officers,
directors, employees, agents and Affiliates in their respective capacities as
such (the "LOOP INDEMNITEES") from and against any and all Losses relating to or
arising out of any inaccuracy in or breach of the representations, warranties,
covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser herein.

               (b) The provisions of Section 8.8(b) shall apply, MUTATIS
MUTANDIS, to any claim for indemnification by the Loop Indemnitees against the
Purchaser pursuant to this Section 8.10.

               (c) Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary,
the indemnification provided in Section 8.9(a) above shall not apply unless the
aggregate of all amounts subject to indemnification under section 8.9(a) exceeds
US$100,000. In any event, the maximum amount that the Purchaser will be required
to pay under Section 8.9(a) in respect of all claims by Loop Indemnities
thereunder shall not exceed US$7,000,000. No claim for indemnification under
Section 8.9(a) may be made by any Loop Indemnitee in respect of any
representation or warranty following the expiration of the applicable survival
period, if any, specified with respect to such representation or warranty in
Section 8.1.

               (d) The indemnification provided for in this Section 8.10 shall
be the exclusive post-Closing remedy available to the Loop Indemnitees with
respect to any inaccuracy in or breach of any representation or warranty made by
the Purchaser in this Agreement; PROVIDED that nothing herein shall prevent the
Loop Indemnitees from pursuing any remedies legally available for fraud or
fraudulent misrepresentation.

               Section VIII.11     ARBITRATION. (a) Any controversy, dispute or
claim arising out of, in connection with or in relation to this Agreement shall
be exclusively determined by arbitration in accordance with this Section 8.11,
without recourse to the ordinary courts of law to which all Parties expressly
renounce, except for actions under Section 8.13. Any such arbitration shall be
held in New York, New York, USA under the rules of arbitration then in effect of
the International Chamber of Commerce (the "RULES"). The laws of New York, New


                                       45
<PAGE>


York (U.S.A.) shall be the substantive applicable laws and the proceedings shall
be conducted in English by a panel of three arbitrators, who shall all be fluent
in the English language.

               (b) For the purpose of this Section 8.11, the Seller and the Loop
Shareholders shall be considered as only one party in the arbitration
proceedings and the Seller and the Loop Shareholders hereby constitute and
appoint Wyatt Rosental (the "AGENT") as the agent for and on behalf of the
Seller and the Loop Shareholders to give and receive notices and communications,
to demand arbitration, appoint arbitrators and comply with orders or awards of
arbitrators and to take all actions necessary or appropriate in the Agent's
judgment for the accomplishment of the foregoing.

               (c) Either the Purchaser or the Agent (the "CLAIMANT") may, by
written notice to the other and the International Court of Arbitration of the
International Chamber of Commerce (the "COURT"), demand arbitration of the
matter, it being understood that the Claimant shall also appoint one arbitrator
in the said written notice. Within 10 days after such written notice is sent,
the party in receipt thereof (the "RESPONDENT") shall select one arbitrator by
written notice to the Claimant and the Court, and the two arbitrators so
selected shall select a third arbitrator, who shall act as the chairman of the
arbitration panel, within 10 days of the appointment of the arbitrator selected
by the Respondent. Should (i) the Respondent fail to select its arbitrator
within the term granted to the Respondent or (ii) the two arbitrators appointed
by the Claimant and the Respondent fail to select the third arbitrator by the
term granted to them, then the selection of the concerned arbitrator shall be
made by the Court, pursuant to the Rules. The decision of the arbitrators as to
the matter brought to their attention shall be binding and conclusive upon the
Parties to this Agreement.

               (d) Each Party shall bear its own expenses (including, attorneys'
fees and expenses) incurred in connection with any such arbitration, and the
fees and expenses of each arbitrator and the administrative fees relating to
such arbitration shall be allocated by the arbitrators for the account of the
losing party.

               Section VIII.12 EXCLUSIVE REMEDY. The First Call Option (as
defined in the Loop Shareholders Agreement) and the Second Call Option (as
defined in the Loop Shareholders Agreement) shall be the sole and exclusive
remedies available to the Seller and/or the Loop Shareholders with respect to a
failure by the Purchaser to pay the Second Installment or the Last Payment.

               Section VIII.13 SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE. Subject to Section 8.12,
the Parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event any
provision of this Agreement was not performed in accordance with the terms
hereof and that the Parties shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions by
a court of competent jurisdiction to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to
enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement or of any award
issued by the arbitrators pursuant to Section 8.11 in addition to any other
remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity.


                                       46
<PAGE>


               Section VIII.14 HEADINGS, CAPTIONS AND TABLE OF CONTENTS. The
Section headings, captions and table of contents contained in this Agreement are
for reference purposes only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect
the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

               Section VIII.15 INTERPRETATION AND CONSTRUCTION. The language
used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties
to express their mutual intent, and no rule of strict construction will be
applied against any party. Unless the context otherwise requires: (a) "or" is
disjunctive but not exclusive, (b) words in the singular include the plural, and
in the plural include the singular, and (c) the words "hereof", "herein", and
"hereunder" and words of similar import when used in this Agreement refer to
this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement,
and Section references are to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. Except
to the extent that the context otherwise requires "include", "includes" and
"including" are deemed to be followed by "without limitation" whether or not
they are in fact followed by such words or words of like import.


                                       47
<PAGE>


               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed by the
parties hereto or by their respective duly authorized representatives, all as of
the date first above written.

                                        GREENAWAY HOLDINGS LTD.


                                        By: /s/ MARC PUJOL
                                        --------------------
                                        Name: Marc Pujol
                                        Title: Power of Attorney

                                        SCSK5406 APS


                                        By: /s/ MARC PUJOL
                                        -------------------
                                        Name: Marc Pujol
                                        Title: Power of Attorney

                                        LOOP TELECOM, S.A.


                                        By: /s/ WYATT ROSENTAL
                                        ------------------------
                                        Name: Wyatt Rosental
                                        Title: CEO


                                        COVAD COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.


                                        By: /s/ ROBERT DAVENPORT
                                        -------------------------
                                        Name: Robert Davenport
                                        Title: CEO


                                        THE SHAREHOLDERS OF LOOP TELECOM, S.A.

                                        By: /s/ WYATT ROSENTAL
                                        -------------------------
<PAGE>


                                        PER POWER OF ATTORNEY
                                        Steven Willens

                                        By: /s/ WYATT ROSENTAL
                                        ------------------------
                                        Wyatt Rosental


<PAGE>


                                        By: /s/ GONZALO MENDOZA ZABALA
                                        -------------------------
                                        Gonzalo Mendoza Zabala

                                        By: /s/ GONZALO MENDOZA ZABALA
                                        -------------------------
                                        PER POWER OF ATTORNEY
                                        Antonio Mendoza Zabala

                                        By: /s/ GONZALO MENDOZA ZABALA
                                        -------------------------
                                        PER POWER OF ATTORNEY
                                        Alvaro Mendoza Zabala

                                        By: /s/ GONZALO MENDOZA ZABALA
                                        -------------------------
                                        PER POWER OF ATTORNEY
                                        Ana Maria Mendoza Zabala

                                        By: /s/ GONZALO MENDOZA ZABALA
                                        -------------------------
                                        PER POWER OF ATTORNEY
                                        Belen Mendoza Zabala

                                        By: /s/ GONZALO MENDOZA ZABALA
                                        -------------------------
                                        PER POWER OF ATTORNEY
                                        Mercedes Mendoza Zabala

                                        By: /s/ GONZALO MENDOZA ZABALA
                                        -------------------------
                                        PER POWER OF ATTORNEY
                                        Jose Luis Mendoza Zabala


                                        MENDALA S.L.

                                        By: /s/ GONZALO MENDOZA ZABALA
                                        -------------------------
                                        Name: Gonzalo Mendoza Zabala

<PAGE>


                                        Title:     Power of Attorney




                                        ROSENTAL EQUITY PARTNERS LLC


                                        By: /s/ WYATT ROSENTAL
                                        -------------------------
                                        Name: Wyatt Rosental
                                        Title: Manager

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
