 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   
EXECUTION COPY     PLAN AND AGREEMENT OF MERGER   DATED   AUGUST 29,
2004   AMONG   LNR PROPERTY CORPORATION,   RILEY PROPERTY HOLDINGS
LLC   AND   RILEY ACQUISITION SUB CORP.   TABLE OF CONTENTS    
PAGE  ----  ~~  ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS.......................................................
1  ARTICLE II THE
TRANSACTIONS................................................. 11  Section 2.1
Parent Loan.................................................. 11  Section 2.2
Agreement to Effect Merger................................... 11  Section 2.3
The Merger................................................... 11  Section 2.4
Certificate of Incorporation................................. 11  Section 2.5
By-Laws...................................................... 11  Section 2.6
Directors.................................................... 12  Section 2.7
Officers..................................................... 12  Section 2.8
Stock of the Company......................................... 12  Section 2.9
Stock of Acquisition Sub..................................... 12  Section
2.10 Options and Stock Purchase Agreements....................... 12  Section
2.11 Convertible Notes........................................... 13  Section
2.12 Dissenting Shares........................................... 13  Section
2.13 Payment for Shares..........................................
14  ARTICLE III COMPANY SCHEDULE 13E-3/PROXY STATEMENT AND STOCKHOLDERS
MEETING. 16  Section 3.1 The Special
Meeting.......................................... 16  Section 3.2 Company
Schedule 13E-3; Proxy Statement...................... 16  Section 3.3
Information for Company Schedule 13E-3 and Proxy Statement... 17  ARTICLE IV
EFFECTIVE TIME OF MERGER......................................... 18  Section
4.1 Execution of Certificate of Merger........................... 18  Section
4.2 Date of the Merger........................................... 18  Section
4.3 Effective Time of the Merger.................................
20  ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES.................................... 20  Section 5.1
Representations and Warranties of the Company................ 20  Section 5.2
Representations and Warranties of Parent and Acquisition Sub. 37  Section 5.3
Termination of Representations and Warranties................ 39  ARTICLE VI
ACTIONS PRIOR TO THE MERGER...................................... 39  Section
6.1 Activities Until Effective Time.............................. 39  Section
6.2 HSR Act Filings; Competition Approvals....................... 42  Section
6.3 Cooperation.................................................. 43  Section
6.4 No Solicitation of Offers; Notice of Proposals from Others... 44  Section
6.5 Subsequent Filings........................................... 47  Section
6.6 Communication to Employees................................... 47  Section
6.7 Internal Reorganization...................................... 47  Section
6.8 Tax Matters.................................................. 47     -
i -    ~~  ARTICLE VII CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO
MERGER.................................. 48  Section 7.1 Conditions to Each
Party\'s Obligation to Effect the 
Transactions................................................. 48  Section 7.2
Conditions to the Company\'s Obligations...................... 48  Section
7.3 Conditions to Parent\'s and Acquisition Sub\'s Obligations.....
49  ARTICLE VIII
TERMINATION.................................................... 51  Section
8.1 Right to Terminate........................................... 51  Section
8.2 Manner of Terminating Agreement.............................. 53  Section
8.3 Effect of Termination........................................ 53  Section
8.4 Fees and Expenses............................................
53  ARTICLE IX ABSENCE OF
BROKERS............................................... 54  Section 9.1
Representations and Warranties Regarding Brokers and Others.. 54  ARTICLE X
OTHER AGREEMENTS.................................................. 55 
Section 10.1 Indemnification for Prior Acts.............................. 55 
Section 10.2 Benefit of Provisions.......................................
55  ARTICLE XI
GENERAL.......................................................... 55  Section
11.1 Expenses.................................................... 55  Section
11.2 Transfer Taxes.............................................. 55  Section
11.3 Access to Properties, Books and Records..................... 55  Section
11.4 Press Releases.............................................. 56  Section
11.5 Entire Agreement............................................ 56  Section
11.6 Benefit of Agreement........................................ 56  Section
11.7 Effect of Disclosures....................................... 56  Section
11.8 Captions.................................................... 57  Section
11.9 Assignments................................................. 57  Section
11.10 Notices and Other Communications........................... 57  Section
11.11 Governing Law.............................................. 58  Section
11.12 Amendments................................................. 58  Section
11.13 Counterparts............................................... 58  Section
11.14 Consent to Jurisdiction.................................... 58  Section
11.15 Remedies; Specific Performance............................. 59  Section
11.16 Waiver of Jury Trial....................................... 59  Section
11.17 Schedules..................................................
59  Exhibit A: Form of By-Laws of the Surviving Corporation Exhibit B: Form
of Certificate of Merger     - ii -   PLAN AND AGREEMENT OF MERGER  
This is a Plan and Agreement of Merger (the "Agreement"), dated as of August
29, 2004, made by and among LNR PROPERTY CORPORATION (the "Company"), a
Delaware corporation, RILEY PROPERTY HOLDINGS LLC ("Parent"), a
Delaware limited liability company and RILEY ACQUISITION SUB CORP., a
Delaware corporation ("Acquisition Sub"). Parent, Acquisition Sub and the
Company are each individually referred to herein as a "party" and together
collectively referred to herein as the "parties."   W I T N E S S E T
H:   WHEREAS, the respective Boards of Directors of the Company, Parent and
Acquisition Sub have declared this Agreement advisable and approved
the merger of Acquisition Sub with and into the Company, with the Company
surviving (the "Merger"), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in this Agreement and the Delaware General Corporation Law, as such law
is in effect from time to time (the "DGCL");   WHEREAS, the respective
Boards of Directors of Parent, Acquisition Sub and the Company have
determined that the Merger is in the best interest of their respective
stockholders; and   WHEREAS, as inducement and a condition to Parent\'s
willingness to enter into this Agreement, Parent, the Company and certain of
the Company Stockholders have entered into a voting agreement, dated as of
the date hereof (the "Voting Agreement"), pursuant to which the Company\'s
stockholders party thereto have agreed, among other things, to vote the
shares of Company Common Stock (as hereafter defined) held by them, in favor
of the Merger and the adoption of this Agreement; and   WHEREAS, Parent and
certain executives of the Company have entered into or will enter into
various agreements relating to their continued employment with the Company
following the Merger and certain payments to which they are entitled on the
Effective Date.   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and
the representations, warranties, covenants, agreements and mutual promises
set forth below, the parties agree as follows:   ARTICLE I  
DEFINITIONS   "Acquisition Sub" shall have the meaning set forth in
the introductory paragraph hereto.   "Acquisition Common Stock" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 2.9.   "Acquisition Proposal" shall mean
(a) any inquiry, proposal or offer (including any proposal to the Company
Stockholders) from any Person or group relating to (i) any direct or indirect
acquisition or purchase of 15% or more of the consolidated assets of the
Company and  its Subsidiaries (other than a proposal relating to a purchase
or sale of assets in the ordinary course of business that would not violate
this Agreement) or 15% or more of any class of equity securities of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries in a single transaction or a series of
related transactions, (ii) any tender offer (including a self-tender offer)
or exchange offer that, if consummated, would result in any Person or group
becoming the beneficial owner of 15% or more of any class of equity
securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or the filing with the
SEC of a Schedule TO, a Schedule 13E-3 or a registration statement under the
Securities Act in connection therewith, (iii) any merger, consolidation,
business combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar
transaction involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than in
the ordinary course of business that would not affect any of the Transactions
or the Merger Financings), or (iv) any other transaction the consummation of
which could reasonably be expected to materially impede, prevent or
materially delay consummation of the Merger or (b) any public announcement by
or on behalf of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their
respective Affiliates (or any of their respective Representatives) or by any
Third Party of a proposal, plan or intention to do any of the foregoing
or any agreement to engage in any of the foregoing, in each case other than
the Transactions.   "Action or Proceeding" shall mean any litigation,
action, suit, proceeding, pleading, claim, arbitration or government
investigation or review.   "Affiliate" of any Person shall mean any Person
that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with such Person.
As used herein, the term "control" (including the terms "controlling,"
"controlled by" and "under common control with") means the possession,
directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or to cause the direction of
the management and policies of a Person, whether through ownership of voting
securities or other interests, by contract or otherwise.   "Affiliated
Group" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(o).   "Agreement"
shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereto.  
"Ancillary Agreements" shall mean all agreements entered into by and between
the Company, on the one hand, and Parent and/or Acquisition Sub, on the other
hand, in connection with the Transactions, including, without limitation, the
Voting Agreement.   "Antitrust Laws" shall mean antitrust, merger control or
competition Laws.   "Appraisal Shares" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 2.12.   "Certificate" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
2.13(b).   "Certificate of Merger" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 4.1.   "Class B Common Stock" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 2.8.   "CMBS Bond" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
5.1(ee).    - 2 -   "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended.   "Commitments" shall mean the debt and equity
financing commitments referred to in Section 5.2(g)   "Common Stock" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 2.8(a).   "Commonly Controlled Entity"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(p)(iii).   "Company" shall
have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereto.   "Company
10-K" shall mean the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November
30, 2003, filed by the Company with the SEC on February 27, 2004.  
"Company Common Stock" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 2.8(a).   "Company Convertible Debt" shall mean the Company\'s 5.5%
Contingent Convertible Senior Subordinated Notes due 2023.   "Company Note"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.   "Company Permits" shall
mean all permits, approvals, licenses, authorizations, development
entitlements, certificates (including, without limitation, certificates of
occupancy), grants of rights, grants of privileges, grants of exemptions,
grants of immunities, orders, registrations and franchises from Governmental
Entities necessary for the ownership, use, occupancy, operation and/or
development of all of the assets and the lawful conduct of the business of
the Company and its Subsidiaries as now conducted and as
currently contemplated by the Company.   "Company Schedule 13E-3" shall
mean the Schedule 13E-3 of the Company relating to the Transactions and this
Agreement, as amended or supplemented.   "Company SEC Documents" shall mean
all forms, reports, schedules, statements and other documents (including, in
each case, schedules, amendments or supplements thereto, and any other
information incorporated by reference therein) filed with the SEC by the
Company since December 1, 2001 under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act
(as such documents have been amended or supplemented between the time of
their respective filing and the date of this Agreement).   "Company
Stockholders" shall mean the beneficial owners of Company Common Stock.  
"Company\'s Knowledge" means the actual knowledge after due inquiry of the
officers of the Company or its Subsidiaries set forth on Schedule
1-1; provided that, with respect to the Non-Consolidated Entities, the
Company\'s Knowledge shall mean the actual knowledge of such officers limited
to due inquiry within the Company and its Subsidiaries, but without   - 3
-  requiring inquiry of any individual that is not an employee or director
of the Company and its Subsidiaries.   "Computer Software" shall mean any
and all computer programs, including operating system and applications
software, implementations of algorithms, and program interfaces, whether in
source code or object code and all documentation, including user manuals
relating to the foregoing that is used in or held for use in the business of
the Company.   "Confidentiality Agreement" shall mean that certain
Confidentiality Agreement, dated January 27, 2004, between the Company and
Blackacre Capital Management, LLC.   "Debt Financing Notes" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 6.3(b).   "DGCL" shall have the meaning set
forth in the recitals hereto.   "DSHI" shall mean Delaware Securities
Holdings, Inc.   "DSHI Stock" shall mean all of the issued and outstanding
shares of capital stock of DSHI, including both Class A common stock, par
value $.01 per share, and Class B common stock, par value $1,000 per
share.   "ERISA" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(p)(i).  
"Effective Time" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.3.  
"Environmental Claim" shall mean any complaint, summons, citation, notice,
directive, order, claim, litigation, investigation, notice of
violation, judicial or administrative proceeding, judgment, letter or other
communication from any governmental agency, department, bureau, office or
other authority, or any third party involving violations of Environmental
Laws or Releases of Hazardous Materials.   "Environmental Laws" shall mean
the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act
("CERCLA"), 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq., as amended; the Resource Conservation and
Recovery Act ("RCRA), 42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq., as amended; the Clean Air Act
("CAA"), 42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq., as amended; the Clean Water Act ("CWA"), 33
U.S.C. 1251 et seq., as amended; the Occupational Safety and Health Act
("OSHA"), 29 U.S.C. 655 et seq., and any other federal, state, local or
municipal laws, statutes, regulations, rules or ordinances imposing liability
or establishing standards of conduct for protection of the environment.  
"Environmental Liabilities" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
5.1(z)(iv).   "Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended.   "Expense Reimbursement" to a party shall mean reimbursement
for such party\'s out of pocket expenses in connection with due diligence,
drafting, negotiating and seeking financing in connection with the
Transactions (which, as to Parent, will include expenses incurred by
Acquisition Sub), including printing fees, filing fees and fees and expenses
of its   - 4 -  legal and financial advisors and all commitment and
similar fees and expenses payable to any financing sources related to this
Agreement and the Transactions and any related financings, in an amount not
to exceed $75 million.   "Fairness Opinion" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 5.1(c).   "GAAP" shall mean United States generally accepted
accounting principles.   "Governmental Entity" shall mean (i) any
legislative, executive, judicial or administrative unit of any government
(foreign, federal, state or local) or any department, commission, board,
agency, bureau, official or other regulatory, administrative or judicial
authority thereof, or (ii) any court or arbitral tribunal.   "Hazardous
Materials" shall mean, without regard to amount and/or concentration, (a) any
element, compound, or chemical that is defined, listed or otherwise
classified as a contaminant, pollutant, toxic pollutant, toxic or hazardous
substances, extremely hazardous substance or chemical, hazardous waste,
medical waste, biohazardous or infectious waste, special waste, or
solid waste under Environmental Laws; (b) petroleum, petroleum-based
or petroleum-derived products; (c) polychlorinated biphenyls; (d) any
substance exhibiting a hazardous waste characteristic including but not
limited to corrosivity, ignitibility, toxicity or reactivity, as well as any
radioactive or explosive materials; and (e) any raw materials, building
components, including asbestos-containing materials, and manufactured
products containing Hazardous Materials.   "Holdings" shall have the
meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.   "HSR Act" shall mean the Hart-
Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended.   "Indemnified
Party" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.1.   "Intellectual
Property" shall mean all (i) foreign and domestic trademarks, service marks,
brand names, certification marks, collective marks, internet domain names,
logos, symbols, trade dress, trade names, company names, d/b/a\'s, assumed
names, fictitious names and other indicia of origin, all applications and
registrations for all of the foregoing, and all goodwill associated therewith
and symbolized thereby, including without limitation all extensions,
modifications and renewals of same; (ii) foreign and domestic inventions,
discoveries and ideas, whether patentable or not, and all
patents, registrations, and applications therefor, including without
limitation divisions, continuations, continuations-in-part and renewal
applications, and including without limitation renewals, extensions and
reissues; (iii) confidential and proprietary information, trade secrets and
know-how, including without limitation processes, schematics, databases,
formulae, drawings, prototypes, models, designs and customer lists
(collectively, "Trade Secrets"); (iv) foreign and domestic published and
unpublished works of authorship, whether copyrightable or not, copyrights
therein and thereto, and registrations and applications therefor, and all
renewals, extensions, restorations and reversions thereof; and (v) all other
intellectual property or proprietary rights and claims or causes of action
arising out of or related to any infringement, misappropriation or other
violation of any of the foregoing, including without limitation rights to
recover for past, present and future violations thereof.   - 5 -  
"Intellectual Property Contracts" shall mean all agreements concerning the
Intellectual Property of the Company, including without limitation agreements
granting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries rights to use the licensed
Intellectual Property, agreements granting rights to use Owned Intellectual
Property, Computer Software agreements, Computer Hardware agreements,
confidentiality agreements, consulting agreements, reseller agreements,
trademark coexistence agreements, trademark consent agreements
and nonassertion agreements.   "Internal Reorganization" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 6.7.   "IRS" shall mean the Internal Revenue
Service.   "Law" shall mean any national, foreign, federal, state,
provincial or local law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, or code of any
jurisdiction (whether foreign or domestic).   "Leased Real Properties"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(x)(i).   "Lien" shall mean
any pledge, lien (including, without limitation, mechanics\' liens and other
liens imposed by statute), charge, mortgage, security interest or other
similar interest of any kind or nature whatsoever.   "Material Contract"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(t).   "Material Adverse
Effect" shall mean an event, change, occurrence, effect, fact, violation,
development or circumstance or a group of them in aggregate, having or
resulting in, or that could reasonably be expected to have or result in, a
material adverse effect on (a) the ability of the Company to duly perform its
obligations under this Agreement or to consummate the Transactions on a
timely basis, (b) the business, properties, assets (both tangible and
intangible), liabilities or current or future condition (financial or
otherwise) of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole or (c)
the current or future consolidated results of operation of the Company and
its Subsidiaries taken as a whole compared with the consolidated results of
their operations during the same period of the prior year. Only one or more
events, changes, occurrences, effects, facts, violations, developments or
circumstances, individually or in the aggregate, having or resulting in, or
that could reasonably be expected to have or result in, such adverse effect
that exceeds, or is reasonably likely to exceed, $150,000,000 shall be deemed
a "Material Adverse Effect."   "May 2004 10-Q" shall mean the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended May 31, 2004, filed by the Company
with the SEC on July 15, 2004.   "Merger" shall have the meaning set forth
in the recitals hereto.   "Merger Consideration" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 2.8(a).   "Merger Date" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 4.2(a).   "Merger Financings" shall mean the financings
contemplated by the Commitments.   - 6 -   "Non-Consolidated Entities"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(j).   "Options" shall mean
any options to purchase Company Common Stock that were issued in accordance
with any of the Stock Plans.   "Owned Intellectual Property" shall mean
Intellectual Property owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.  
"Owned Real Properties" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 5.1(x)(i).   "Parent" shall have the meaning set forth in the
introductory paragraph hereto.   "Parent Cap" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 8.4(i)(2).   "Parent Loan" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 2.1.   "Parent\'s Knowledge" means the actual knowledge of the
individuals set forth on Schedule 1-2.   "Paying Agent" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 2.13.   "Pension Plan" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 5.1(p)(i).   "Permitted Liens" means (i) the liens and
security interests set forth on Schedule 1-3; (ii) any lien for taxes,
assessments or other governmental charges not yet due and payable, or being
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings for which adequate
reserves in accordance with GAAP have been made; (iii) any zoning or other
restrictions or encumbrances established by a Governmental Entity, provided
that such restrictions or encumbrances have not been violated in any material
respect or are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings for
which adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP have been made; and (iv)
landlord\'s, mechanic\'s, materialman\'s, supplier\'s, vendor\'s or similar
statutory liens arising in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice securing amounts which are not delinquent or which are being
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings described on Schedule 1-4
for which adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP have been made.  
"Person" shall mean and include an individual, a partnership (general or
limited), a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an estate, a limited
liability company, an association, a joint-stock company, an unincorporated
organization or other entity and a Governmental Entity, government or other
department or agency thereof.   "Phantom Stock Rights" shall mean rights
under the Company\'s non-qualified deferred compensation plan or other Plans,
or under its outside directors compensation program, to receive in the future
specified numbers of, or payments based on the value of specified numbers of,
shares of Common Stock.   "Plan" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
5.1(p)(i).   "Policies" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
5.1(w).    - 7 -   "Preferred Stock" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 5.1(f).   "Proxy Statement" shall mean the proxy statement of the
Company relating to the Special Meeting, as amended or supplemented.  
"PSA" shall mean any pooling and servicing agreement,
collateral administration agreement, intercreditor agreement, participation
agreement, participation and servicing agreement, co-lender agreement or
other similar agreement relating to CMBS bonds held by the Company or its
Subsidiaries.   "Real Property" shall mean, collectively, the Owned Real
Property and the Leased Real Property.   "Real Property Leases" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(x)(i).   "Registered" shall mean, with
regard to Intellectual Property, the subject of a registration that has been
issued or renewed or is the subject of a pending application.  
"Regulations" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(o)(i).  
"Release" shall mean any spilling, leaking, pumping, emitting, emptying,
discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, migrating, dumping, or disposing
of Hazardous Materials (including the abandonment or discarding of barrels,
containers or other closed receptacles containing Hazardous Materials) into
the environment.   "Remedial Action" shall mean all actions taken to (i)
clean up, remove, remediate, contain, treat, monitor, assess, evaluate or in
any other way address Hazardous Materials in the indoor or outdoor
environment; (ii) prevent or minimize a Release or threatened Release of
Hazardous Materials so they do not migrate or endanger or threaten to
endanger public health or welfare or the indoor or outdoor environment; (iii)
perform pre-remedial studies and investigations and post-remedial operation
and maintenance activities; or (iv) any other actions authorized by 42 U.S.C.
9601.   "Representative(s)" shall mean with respect to any Person,
such Person\'s officers, directors, employees, representatives,
consultants, investment bankers, attorneys, accountants and other agents.  
"SEC" shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.  
"Securities Act" shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  
"Special Committee" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1.  
"Special Meeting" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1.   "Stock
Plans" shall mean the Company\'s: (a) 2003 Incentive Compensation Plan; (b)
Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan; (c) 2000 Stock Option and
Restricted Stock Plan, as amended; and (d) 1997 Stock Option Plan.    - 8
-   "Stock Purchase Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
2.10(b).   "Stock Purchase Plan" shall mean Company\'s 2001 Senior
Officers Stock Purchase Plan, as amended.   "Subsequent Filings" means,
collectively, all forms, reports, schedules, statements and other documents
(including, in each case, schedules, amendments or supplements thereto, and
any other information incorporated by reference therein) filed with the SEC
by the Company after the date of this Agreement under the Exchange Act or the
Securities Act.   "Subsidiaries" shall mean any entities (a) the accounts of
which are required by GAAP to be consolidated with those of the Company in
the Company\'s consolidated financial statements; or (b) of which securities,
membership interests, partnership interests or other ownership interests
representing more than 50% in value of the equity, of the profit or loss
interests or of the ordinary voting power are owned, controlled or held by
the Company or one or more of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries.  
"Superior Proposal" shall mean a bona fide written offer made by a Person
other than Parent, Holdings, Acquisition Sub or an Affiliate of one of them
to acquire, directly or indirectly, (a) more than 50% in number of
the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to a tender
offer, separately or followed by a merger, (b) all of the shares of Company
Common Stock pursuant to a merger or otherwise or (c) all or substantially
all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, (i) on terms (taken as
a whole) which the Board of Directors of the Company or the Special Committee
determines in good faith, after consultation with its outside nationally
recognized legal counsel (which may be its current outside legal counsel) and
a financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation (which may be the
financial advisor that has advised the Company with regard to the
Transactions), would, if consummated, be more favorable from a financial
point of view to the Company and the Company Stockholders (in their capacity
as such) than the Transactions, whether because it would result in the
Company Stockholders receiving consideration with a value per share of
Company Common Stock which is greater than the Merger Consideration (valuing
non-cash consideration at its fair market value as determined in good faith
by the Board of Directors or the Special Committee, after consultation with a
financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation), or otherwise, (ii)
which the Board of Directors or the Special Committee determines in
good faith after consultation with outside nationally recognized legal
counsel (which may be its current outside legal counsel) and a financial
advisor of nationally recognized reputation (which may be the financial
advisor that has advised the Company with regard to the Transactions) is
reasonably capable of being consummated (taking into account such factors as
the Board of Directors of the Company or the Special Committee in good faith
deems relevant, including all legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects
of such proposal, the likely availability of any necessary financing, the
likelihood that the transaction would be consummated and the identity of the
Person making such proposal), (iii) which is not conditioned on the receipt
of any financing, and (iv) which is not made in violation of any standstill,
confidentiality or similar agreement between the Person who made the offer
and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their
Representatives.   "Surviving Corporation" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 2.3.    - 9 -   "Surviving Corporation Common Stock" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 2.9.   "Tax" or "Taxes" shall mean
(i) any Federal, state, local or foreign income, gross receipts, license,
payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, windfall
profits, environmental, customs duties, capital stock, franchise, profits,
withholding, social security, unemployment, disability, real property,
personal property, sales, use, transfer, registration, value added,
alternative or add-on minimum, estimated or other tax of any kind whatsoever,
including any interest, penalty or addition thereto, whether disputed or not
and (ii) any liability for the payment of any amount of the type described in
clause (i) of this definition as a result of (A) being a transferee (within
the meaning of Section 6901 of the Code or any other applicable law) of
another Person, (B) being a member of an affiliated, combined, consolidated
or unitary group or (C) a contractual arrangement or otherwise.   "Tax
Asset" shall mean any net operating loss, net capital loss, investment Tax
credit or any other credit or Tax attribute which could reduce Taxes
(including deductions and credits related to alternative minimum Taxes).  
"Tax Return" shall mean any return, declaration, report, claim for refund,
information return or information statement relating to Taxes, including any
schedule or attachment thereto, and including any amendment thereof.  
"Termination Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.1(b).  
"Termination Fee" shall mean an amount equal to the excess of (i) $75
million, over (ii) any amount paid as Expense Reimbursement.   "Third Party"
shall mean any Person not an Affiliate of the other referenced Person or
Persons.   "to the Company\'s Knowledge" shall mean insofar as any of
the individuals listed on Schedule 1-1 has Company\'s Knowledge.   "to the
Parent\'s Knowledge" shall mean insofar as any of the individuals listed on
Schedule 1-2 has Parent\'s Knowledge.   "Transactions" shall mean the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements,
including, without limitation, the Merger and the Internal
Reorganization.   "Treasury Regulations" shall mean the United States Income
Tax Regulations, including Temporary Regulations, promulgated under the
Code.   "Voting Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in the
recitals hereto.   "Welfare Plan" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 5.1(p)(i).   - 10 -   "50/50 Ventures" shall mean any entities of
which securities, membership interests, partnership interests or other
ownership interests representing 50% in value of the equity, of the profit or
loss interests or of the ordinary voting power are owned, controlled or held
by the Company or one or more of its Subsidiaries (except for those entities
listed on Schedule 1-5), and the Subsidiaries of such entities listed on
Schedule 1-6. Any entity that would have been a 50/50 Venture but for the
fact that it is listed on Schedule 1-5, and any Subsidiary of a 50/50 Venture
that is not listed on Schedule 1-6, will be treated as a Non-Consolidated
Entity rather than as a 50/50 Venture.   ARTICLE II   THE TRANSACTIONS  
Section 2.1 Parent Loan. Immediately prior to the Effective Time, Parent
shall transfer to the Company cash in an amount (the "Parent
Loan") determined by Parent in exchange for a promissory note in such form as
Parent may reasonably determine from the Company, executed by an authorized
officer of the Company (the "Company Note").   Section 2.2 Agreement to
Effect Merger. The parties agree that Acquisition Sub will be merged into the
Company on the terms, but subject to the conditions, set forth in this
Agreement, and in accordance with the DGCL, with the effect that after the
Merger, Holdings, which immediately before the Merger will be the sole
stockholder of Acquisition Sub, will be the sole stockholder of the
corporation which is the surviving corporation of the Merger, and the persons
who immediately before the Merger are stockholders of the Company will, as a
result of the Merger, become entitled to receive cash as provided in Section
2.8.   Section 2.3 The Merger. At the Effective Time described
below, Holdings, Acquisition Sub and the Company shall consummate the Merger,
pursuant to which Acquisition Sub will be merged into the Company, which will
be the surviving corporation of the Merger (the "Surviving Corporation") and
shall continue to be governed by the DGCL. Except as specifically provided in
this Agreement, when the Merger becomes effective, (i) the real and
personal property, other assets, rights, privileges, immunities, powers,
purposes and franchises of the Company will continue unaffected and
unimpaired by the Merger, (ii) the separate existence of Acquisition Sub will
terminate, and Acquisition Sub\'s real and personal property, other assets,
rights, privileges, immunities, powers, purposes and franchises will be
merged into the Surviving Corporation, and (iii) the Merger will have the
other effects specified in Sections 259 through 261 of the DGCL.   Section
2.4 Certificate of Incorporation. The Certificate of Incorporation of the
Company in effect immediately before the Effective Time will be the
Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation from the Effective
Time until it is subsequently amended. That Certificate of Incorporation,
separate and apart from this Agreement, may be certified as the Certificate
of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation.   Section 2.5 By-Laws. The
Company shall take all requisite action so that at the Effective Time, the
By-Laws of the Surviving Corporation shall be amended so as to read in   -
11 -  their entirety in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A and, as so
amended, such By-Laws will be the By-Laws of the Surviving Corporation, until
they are thereafter altered, amended or repealed.   Section 2.6 Directors.
The Company shall take all requisite action so that the persons listed on the
schedule delivered by Parent to the Company not less than five days prior to
the Special Meeting will be the directors of the Surviving Corporation
immediately following the Effective Time and will hold office in accordance
with the By-Laws of the Surviving Corporation.   Section 2.7 Officers. The
Company shall take all requisite action so that the persons listed on the
schedule delivered by Parent to the Company not less than five days prior to
the Special Meeting will be the officers of the Surviving Corporation
immediately following the Effective Time and will hold the respective offices
shown on the schedule delivered by Parent to the Company not less than five
days prior to the Special Meeting at the pleasure of the Board of Directors,
and in accordance with the By-Laws, of the Surviving Corporation (except as
otherwise provided in applicable employment agreements).   Section 2.8 Stock
of the Company. (a) Subject to Section 2.12 and except as provided in
subsection (b) of this Section, at the Effective Time each share of the
Company\'s Common Stock, par value $0.10 per share ("Common Stock"), and each
share of the Company\'s Class B Common Stock, par value $0.10 per
share ("Class B Common Stock" and, together with the Common Stock, "Company
Common Stock"), which is issued and outstanding immediately before the
Effective Time (other than Appraisal Shares), will be converted into and
become the right to receive a sum in cash (the "Merger Consideration") equal
to $63.10.   (b) Each share of Company Common Stock held in the treasury
of the Company or held by any direct or indirect wholly-owned Subsidiary of
the Company, and each share of Company Common Stock held by Acquisition
Sub, immediately before the Effective Time will, at the Effective Time, be
cancelled and cease to exist and no payment will be made with respect to any
of those shares.   Section 2.9 Stock of Acquisition Sub. At the Effective
Time, each share of common stock of Acquisition Sub ("Acquisition Common
Stock") which is issued and outstanding immediately before the Effective Time
will be converted into and become one fully paid and nonassessable share of
Common Stock of the Surviving Corporation ("Surviving Corporation Common
Stock") and shall be the only issued and outstanding capital stock of the
Surviving Corporation. At the Effective Time, a certificate which represented
Acquisition Common Stock will automatically become and be a certificate
representing the number of shares of Surviving Corporation Common Stock into
which the Acquisition Common Stock represented by the certificate was
converted.   Section 2.10 Options and Stock Purchase Agreements. (a) The
Company shall take such action as shall be required so that (i) immediately
prior to the Effective Time, each outstanding Option shall become immediately
vested and exercisable in full, (ii) with respect to any Options that remain
outstanding and unexercised as of the Effective Time, all such Options
(whether or not then vested or exercisable and without regard to the exercise
price, if applicable, of such Options) granted under any Stock Plan or
otherwise, shall be cancelled as of the   - 12 -  Effective Time, and,
pursuant to the Stock Plans, all such outstanding Options (whether or not
vested or exercisable) shall represent solely the right to receive, in
accordance with this Section 2.10(a), a cash payment in the amount of the
consideration described below, if any, with respect to any such Option and
shall no longer represent, or represent the right to purchase, Company Common
Stock or any other equity securities of the Company, Acquisition Sub, Parent,
the Surviving Corporation or any other Person or to purchase any
other securities or assets, and (iii) as of the Effective Time, the Stock
Plans shall be terminated. At the Effective Time, each Option issued by the
Company which is outstanding and remains unexercised at that time will be
converted into the right to receive a sum in cash equal to (A) the amount, if
any, by which the Merger Consideration exceeds the per share exercise price
of such Option, times (B) the number of shares of Company Common Stock
issuable upon exercise of such Option in full (to the extent it has not
already been exercised). In order to receive the amount to which a holder of
an Option is entitled under this Section, the holder must deliver to the
Company (1) any certificate or option agreement relating to the Option and
(2) a document in which the holder acknowledges that the payment the holder
is receiving is in full satisfaction of any rights the holder may have under
or with regard to the Option.   (b) The Company shall take all such action
as shall be required so that immediately prior to the Effective Time each
stock purchase agreement entered into under the Stock Purchase Plan (each a
"Stock Purchase Agreement") shall represent solely the right to receive, in
accordance with this Section 2.10(b), a cash payment in the amount of the
consideration described below, if any, with respect to any such Stock
Purchase Agreement and shall no longer represent, or represent the right or
obligation to purchase, Company Common Stock or any other equity securities
of the Company, Acquisition Sub, Parent, the Surviving Corporation or any
other Person or to purchase any other securities or assets. At the Effective
Time, each Stock Purchase Agreement will be converted into the right to
receive a sum in cash equal to (A) the amount, if any, by which the Merger
Consideration exceeds the per share purchase price of the shares that are the
subject of the Stock Purchase Agreement, times (B) the number of shares of
Company Common Stock that the employee who is a party to the Stock Purchase
Agreement has agreed to purchase (and the Company has agreed to sell) under
the Stock Purchase Agreement (without regard to when the employee is required
to purchase (and the Company is required to sell)), but has not
yet purchased. In order to receive the amount to which an employee who is
party to a Stock Purchase Agreement is entitled under this Section, the
employee must deliver to the Company (1) such Stock Purchase Agreement and
(2) a document in which the holder acknowledges that the payment the holder
is receiving is in full satisfaction of any rights the holder may have under
such Stock Purchase Agreement.   Section 2.11 Convertible Notes. The
Company Convertible Debt will (a) become convertible at the Effective Time
and (b) unless the terms of the debt securities expressly provide otherwise,
will entitle the holders to receive upon conversion after the Effective Time,
instead of shares of Common Stock, the Merger Consideration that is payable
with regard to the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Company
Convertible Debt is converted.   Section 2.12 Dissenting Shares. (a) If
Section 262 of the DGCL applies to the Merger, notwithstanding any provision
of this Agreement to the contrary, Company Common Stock that is outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time which is held by Company   - 13
-  Stockholders who have demanded appraisal of their shares in compliance
with Section 262 of the DGCL ("Appraisal Shares") will not be converted into
or represent the right to receive the Merger Consideration. Instead, if the
Merger takes place, each of the Appraisal Shares shall represent only the
right to receive from the Surviving Corporation payment of the appraised
value of such shares determined as provided in Section 262 of the DGCL;
provided, that if any holder of Appraisal Shares fails to establish his
entitlement to appraisal rights as provided in the DGCL, or otherwise
withdraws or loses the right to appraisal as provided in Section 262 of the
DGCL, then such Appraisal Shares will be deemed to have been converted, as of
the Effective Time into, and to have become exchangeable solely for the right
to receive, the Merger Consideration, without any interest, payable in
accordance with Section 2.8.   (b) The Company will promptly give Parent (i)
notice of any demands for appraisal received by the Company, any withdrawals
of any such demands, and any other communications required by, or relating
to, Section 262 of the DGCL which the Company receives and (ii) the
opportunity to direct all negotiations and proceedings with respect to
demands for appraisal under Section 262 of the DGCL. The Company will not,
except with the prior written consent of Parent, (A) make any payment with
respect to any demand for payment of the fair value of shares, (B) offer to
settle or settle any such demand, (C) waive any failure to timely deliver a
written demand for appraisal in accordance with the DGCL or (D) agree to do
any of the foregoing.   Section 2.13 Payment for Shares. (a) Prior to the
Merger Date, Acquisition Sub will designate a bank or trust company to act as
Paying Agent in connection with the Merger (the "Paying Agent"). Immediately
prior to the Effective Time, the Company will deposit in trust with the
Paying Agent the proceeds of the Parent Loan and Parent will deposit in trust
with the Paying Agent funds in an amount equal to the excess of the aggregate
amounts payable under Sections 2.8, 2.10 and 2.11 and the Parent Loan. Until
used for that purpose, the funds will be invested by the Paying Agent, as
directed by Parent, in obligations of or guaranteed by the United States of
America or obligations of an agency of the United States of America which are
backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America, in
commercial paper obligations rated A-1 or P-1 or better by Moody\'s Investors
Services Inc. or Standard and Poor\'s Corporation, or in deposit accounts,
certificates of deposit or banker\'s acceptances of, or Eurodollar time
deposits purchased from, commercial banks, each of which has capital, surplus
and undivided profits aggregating more than $500 million (based on the most
recent financial statements of the banks which are then publicly available at
the SEC or otherwise).   (b) Promptly after the Effective Time, the
Surviving Corporation will cause the Paying Agent to mail to each person who
was a record holder of Company Common Stock immediately prior to the
Effective Time whose shares were converted pursuant to Section 2.8 into the
right to receive Merger Consideration, (i) a form of letter of transmittal
for use in effecting the surrender of stock certificates which immediately
prior to the Effective Time represented Company Common Stock (each, a
"Certificate") in order to receive payment of the Merger Consideration (which
shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to
the Certificate shall pass, only upon actual delivery of the Certificates to
the Paying Agent, and shall otherwise be in customary form) and (ii)
instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates in
exchange for payment of the Merger Consideration. When the Paying Agent
receives a Certificate, together with a properly completed and executed
letter of   - 14 -  transmittal and any other required documents, the
Paying Agent will pay to the holder of the shares represented by the
Certificate, or as otherwise directed in the letter of transmittal, the
Merger Consideration with regard to each share represented by such
Certificate, and the Certificate will be cancelled. Book entry transfer of
shares to the Paying Agent will have the same effect as surrender of the
Certificate representing those shares. No interest will be paid or accrued on
the Merger Consideration payable upon the surrender of Certificates. If
payment is to be made to a Person other than the Person in whose name a
surrendered Certificate is registered, it shall be a condition of payment
that the Certificate so surrendered must be properly endorsed or otherwise be
in proper form for transfer, and the Person who surrenders the Certificate
must provide funds for payment of any transfer or other Taxes required by
reason of the payment to a person other than the registered holder of the
surrendered Certificate or establish to the satisfaction of the
Surviving Corporation that the Tax has been paid or is not applicable. After
the Effective Time, a Certificate will represent only the right to receive
the Merger Consideration, without any interest.   (c) The Paying Agent may
withhold from the sum payable to any Person as a result of the Merger, and
pay to the appropriate taxing authorities, any amounts which the Paying Agent
or the Surviving Corporation may be required (or may reasonably believe it is
required) to withhold under the Code, or any provision of state, local or
foreign Tax Law. Any sum which is withheld and paid to a taxing authority as
permitted by this Section will be deemed to have been paid to the Person with
regard to whom it is withheld.   (d) If a Certificate has been lost, stolen
or destroyed, the Parent will cause the Paying Agent to accept an affidavit
of that fact by the Person claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or
destroyed instead of the Certificate; provided, that Parent may require the
Person to whom any such Merger Consideration is paid, as a condition
precedent to the payment thereof, to give the Surviving Corporation a bond in
such sum as it may direct or otherwise indemnify the Surviving Corporation in
a manner reasonably satisfactory to Parent against any claim that may be made
against the Surviving Corporation with respect to the Certificate claimed to
have been lost, stolen or destroyed.   (e) At any time which is more than
six months after the Effective Time, Parent shall be entitled to require the
Paying Agent to deliver to it any funds which have been deposited with the
Paying Agent and have not been disbursed to record holders of Company Common
Stock or holders of Options, Stock Purchase Agreements or Convertible Debt
immediately prior to the Effective Time (including, without limitation,
interest and other income received by the Paying Agent in respect of the
funds made available to it), and after the funds have been delivered to
Parent, record holders of Company Common Stock immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be entitled to look solely to Parent (subject to
abandoned property, escheat or other similar Laws) for payment of the Merger
Consideration upon surrender of the Certificates held by them, without any
interest thereon; provided, that such record holders of Company Common Stock,
Options, Stock Purchase Agreements or Convertible Debt immediately prior to
the Effective Time shall have no greater rights against Parent than may be
accorded to general creditors of Parent under applicable Laws. Any portion of
the funds deposited with the Paying Agent remaining unclaimed as of a date
which is immediately prior to such time as such amounts would otherwise
escheat to or become property of any government entity shall, to the extent
permitted by applicable Law, become the property of Parent free and   - 15
-  clear of any claims or interest of any Person previously entitled
thereto. Neither the Surviving Corporation, Parent nor the Paying Agent will
be liable to any record holders of Company Common Stock, Options, Stock
Purchase Agreements or Convertible Debt immediately prior to the Effective
Time for any Merger consideration which is delivered to a public official
pursuant to any abandoned property, escheat or similar Law.   (f) From and
after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation will not record any
transfers of shares of Company Common Stock that were outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time on the stock transfer books of the Company or the
Surviving Corporation, and the stock ledger of the Company will be closed.
If, after the Effective Time, Certificates are presented for transfer, they
will be cancelled and treated as having been surrendered for the Merger
Consideration.   ARTICLE III   COMPANY SCHEDULE 13E-3/PROXY STATEMENT AND
STOCKHOLDERS MEETING   Section 3.1 The Special Meeting. As promptly as
practicable after the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company,
acting through its Board of Directors, shall, in accordance with applicable
Law, duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a special meeting of the
Company Stockholders for the purpose of considering and taking action upon
adoption of this Agreement (the "Special Meeting"), which Special Meeting
will be held not later than the 45th day after the day on which the Proxy
Statement described in Section 3.2 is mailed, and the Company agrees that
this Agreement shall be submitted at such meeting for adoption by the Company
Stockholders. Subject to Section 6.4(d), the Company shall use its reasonable
best efforts to solicit and obtain from the Company Stockholders proxies, and
shall take all other action necessary and advisable to secure the vote of the
Company Stockholders required by applicable Law and by the Certificate of
Incorporation or the By-Laws of the Company for adoption of this Agreement
and, subject to Section 6.4(d), the Board of Directors of the Company shall
recommend that the Company Stockholders vote in favor of the adoption of this
Agreement at the Special Meeting and the Company agrees that it shall
describe in the Proxy Statement the determination of the Board of Directors
of the Company, based upon a recommendation of a special committee of the
Board appointed to review and make recommendations to the Board of Directors
regarding proposed transactions involving a sale of the Company or a merger
of the Company with another entity (the "Special Committee"), to recommend to
the Company Stockholders that they adopt this Agreement. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, the Company agrees that, unless this Agreement
is terminated in accordance with Section 8.1, its obligations pursuant to the
first sentence of this Section 3.1 during the term of this Agreement shall
not be affected by (a) the commencement, public proposal, public disclosure
or communication to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their
respective Affiliates (or any of their respective Representatives) of
any Acquisition Proposal or (b) the withdrawal or modification by the Board
of Directors of the Company or the Special Committee of its recommendation of
this Agreement.   Section 3.2 Company Schedule 13E-3; Proxy Statement. As
promptly as practicable after the execution and delivery of this Agreement,
the Company shall:   - 16 -   (a) prepare and, after consultation with
and review by Parent and its outside counsel, file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission ("SEC") the Company Schedule 13E-3 and Proxy Statement
relating to the Transactions and this Agreement and use its reasonable best
efforts (i) to obtain and furnish the information required by the SEC to be
included in the Proxy Statement, including without limitation, any
information required to be disclosed on Schedule 13E-3 and, after
consultation with and review by Parent, to respond promptly to any comments
made by the SEC with respect to the Company Schedule 13E-3 and the Proxy
Statement and promptly after the Company is informed by the SEC or its
outside nationally recognized legal counsel (which may be its current outside
legal counsel) that it may do so, cause the Proxy Statement to be mailed to
the Company Stockholders and, if necessary, after the Proxy Statement shall
have been so mailed, promptly circulate amended or supplemental proxy
material and, if required in connection therewith, resolicit proxies;
provided, that no such amended or supplemental proxy material will be mailed
by the Company without consultation with and review by Parent and its outside
counsel and (ii), subject to Section 6.4(d), to obtain the necessary approval
of this Agreement by the Company Stockholders;   (b) promptly notify Parent
of the receipt of any comments of the SEC and of any request from the SEC for
amendments or supplements to the Company Schedule 13E-3 or the Proxy
Statement or for additional information, and promptly supply Parent and its
outside counsel with copies of all written correspondence between the Company
or its Representatives, on the one hand, and the SEC or members of its staff,
on the other hand, with respect to the Company Schedule 13E-3, the Proxy
Statement or the Transactions; and   (c) promptly inform Parent and its
outside counsel if at any time after the Proxy Statement is mailed and prior
to the Special Meeting any event should occur that is required by applicable
Law to be set forth in an amendment of, or a supplement to, the Proxy
Statement, in which case, the Company, with the cooperation of and in
consultation with Parent and its outside counsel, will, upon learning of such
event, promptly prepare and mail such amendment or supplement.   Section
3.3 Information for Company Schedule 13E-3 and Proxy Statement. It is
expressly understood and agreed that (a) Parent, Holdings and Acquisition Sub
will supply to the Company all information in Parent\'s, Holding\'s or
Acquisition Sub\'s possession or reasonably available to them which is
required to be included in the Company Schedule 13E-3 and the
Proxy Statement, (b) Parent, Holdings, Acquisition Sub and the Company will
cooperate with each other in connection with all aspects of the preparation,
filing and clearance by the SEC of the Company Schedule 13E-3 and the Proxy
Statement (including any and all amendments or supplements thereto), (c) the
Company shall give Parent and its outside counsel the opportunity to review
and comment on each of the Company Schedule 13E-3 and the Proxy Statement
prior to it being filed with the SEC and shall give Parent and its outside
counsel the opportunity to review and comment on all amendments and
supplements to the Company Schedule 13E-3 and the Proxy Statement and all
responses to requests for additional information and replies to comments
prior to their being filed with, or sent to, the SEC, and each of the Company
and Parent agrees to use its reasonable best efforts, after consultation with
the other, to respond promptly to all comments of and requests by the SEC and
(d) to the extent practicable and desired by Parent, the Company and its
outside counsel shall permit Parent and its outside counsel to participate in
all communications with the SEC and its staff (including all meetings   -
17 -  and telephone conferences) relating to any of the Company Schedule
13E-3, the Proxy Statement, this Agreement or any of the Transactions
(provided, that in the event that such participation by Parent is not
practicable or desired by Parent, the Company shall promptly inform Parent
and its counsel of the content of all such communications and the
participants involved therein).   ARTICLE IV   EFFECTIVE TIME OF
MERGER   Section 4.1 Execution of Certificate of Merger. Not later than
3:00 P.M. New York City time on the day before the Merger Date, the Company
will execute a certificate of merger (the "Certificate of Merger")
substantially in the form of Exhibit B and deliver it to Schulte Roth and Zabel
LLP for filing with the Secretary of State of Delaware. If all the conditions
in Article VII are fulfilled or waived, Parent and Acquisition Sub will cause
the Certificate of Merger to be filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware
on the Merger Date or as soon after that date as is practicable.   Section
4.2 Date of the Merger. (a) Unless this Agreement shall have been terminated
pursuant to Article VIII, and subject to the satisfaction or waiver (to the
extent permitted by applicable Law) of all of the conditions set forth in
Article VII, the closing of the Merger and the other Transactions shall take
place at the offices of Schulte Roth and Zabel LLP, 919 Third Avenue, New York,
New York 10022, at 10:00 a.m. New York City time on the third business
day after the later of (i) the day on which the Agreement is adopted by
Company Stockholders holding a majority in voting power of the outstanding
shares of Company Common Stock, or (ii) the day on which all the conditions
in Article VII, other than conditions that can only be fulfilled on the
Merger Date, have been fulfilled or waived (such date, the "Merger Date").
The Merger Date may be changed by agreement of the Company and Parent.  
(b) Subject to fulfillment of the conditions set forth in Article VII on or
prior to the Merger Date, Parent shall deliver to the Company all of the
following:   (i) funds in an amount equal to the Parent Loan;   (ii) each
Ancillary Agreement to which Parent is a party duly executed on behalf of
Parent;   (iii) a copy of the Certificate of Formation of Parent with all
amendments thereto certified as of a recent date by the Secretary of State of
the State of Delaware;   (iv) a certificate of good standing of Parent,
issued as of a recent date by the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware;   (v) a certificate executed on behalf of Parent by an officer
thereof, dated as of the Merger Date, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Company certifying as to (A) the limited
liability company agreement of Parent and (B) the   - 18 -  incumbency
and signatures of the officers of Parent executing this Agreement and any
Ancillary Agreement to which it is a party; and   (vi) the certificate
contemplated by Section 7.2(d).   (c) Subject to fulfillment or waiver of
the conditions set forth in Article VII, on or before the Merger Date,
Acquisition Sub shall deliver to the Company all of the following:   (i)
each Ancillary Agreement to which Acquisition Sub is a party duly executed on
behalf of Acquisition Sub;   (ii) a copy of the Certificate of Incorporation
of Acquisition Sub with all amendments thereto certified as a recent date by
the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware;   (iii) a certificate of
good standing of Acquisition Sub, issued as of a recent date by the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware; and   (iv) a certificate of the
Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of Acquisition Sub, dated as of the
Merger Date, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company,
certifying as to (A) Acquisition Sub\'s By-Laws and (B) the incumbency and
signatures of the officers of Acquisition Sub executing this Agreement and
the Ancillary Agreements to which it is a party.   (d) Subject to
fulfillment or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VII, on or
before the Merger Date, the Company shall deliver to Parent and Acquisition
Sub all of the following:   (i) the Company Note, duly executed on behalf of
the Company;   (ii) each Ancillary Agreement to which the Company is
a party duly executed on behalf of the Company;   (iii) a copy of the
Certificate of Incorporation of the Company with all amendments thereto
certified as of a recent date by the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware.   (iv) a certificate of good standing of the Company, issued as
of a recent date by the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware;   (v) a
certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company, dated
as of the Merger Date, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
Parent certifying as to (A) the Company\'s By-Laws, as amended, and (B) the
incumbency and signatures of the officers of the Company executing this
Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which it is a party;   - 19 -  
(vi) copies of all consents, waivers or approvals listed on Schedule 5.1-D
that have been obtained;   (vii) such documentation as may be appropriate
to effectuate the Internal Reorganization;   (viii) the certificate
contemplated by Section 7.3(k); and   (ix) a certificate issued as of a
recent date by the Company\'s transfer agent certifying as to the number of
issued and outstanding shares of Company Common Stock.   Section 4.3
Effective Time of the Merger. The Merger will become effective upon the
filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of Delaware,
or such later time as is agreed to by the parties and set forth in the
Certificate of Merger (that being the "Effective Time").   ARTICLE V  
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES   Section 5.1 Representations and Warranties
of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to Parent and Acquisition
Sub as follows:   (a) Organization. The Company, each of its Subsidiaries
(other than subsidiaries that, in aggregate, are not material to the
Company), each 50/50 Venture and, to the Company\'s Knowledge each of the
Non-Consolidated Entities, is an entity duly organized, validly existing and
in good standing (or in active status) under the Laws of its jurisdiction of
organization and has all requisite power and authority to own, lease and
operate its properties and assets and to carry on its business as now being
conducted and as currently contemplated. The Company, each of its
Subsidiaries, each 50/50 Venture and, to the Company\'s Knowledge, each of
the Non-Consolidated Entities, is duly qualified or licensed to do business
in each jurisdiction where the character of its properties or assets owned,
operated and leased or the nature of its activities makes such qualification
necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or licensed or in good
standing has not resulted in and would not reasonably be likely to result in,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has,
prior to the date of this Agreement, delivered or made available to Parent
true, complete and correct copies of the Certificate of Incorporation and the
By-Laws of the Company and the comparable governing documents of each of the
Subsidiaries of a 50/50 Venture (other than Subsidiaries of the Company or
50/50 Ventures that, in aggregate, were not material to the Company), in each
case as amended and in full force and effect as of the date of this
Agreement. The respective governance documents of the Subsidiaries do not
contain any provision limiting or otherwise restricting the ability of the
Company to control its Subsidiaries. For purposes of this Agreement,
Subsidiaries are, in the aggregate, material to the Company if either (i) at
May 31, 2004, they had assets totaling more than $25 million, or (ii) during
the year ended November 30, 2003 they had revenues totaling more than
$50 million.   - 20 -   (b) Authorization. The Company has all corporate
power and authority necessary to enable it to enter into this Agreement and
the Ancillary Agreements to which it is a party and to perform its
obligations hereunder and thereunder and to carry out the Transactions. All
corporate actions necessary to authorize the Company to enter into this
Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which it is a party and carry out
the Transactions, other than adoption of this Agreement by the Company
Stockholders, have been taken. This Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to
which the Company is a party have been duly executed and delivered by the
Company, and, assuming the due authorization and delivery of this Agreement
and such Ancillary Agreements by the other parties thereto, are valid and
binding agreements of the Company, enforceable against the Company in
accordance with their terms.   (c) Company Action. The Company\'s Board of
Directors has (i) received an opinion from Greenhill and Co., LLC (the
"Fairness Opinion") that the Merger Consideration to be received in the
Merger by the Company Stockholders is fair to the holders of the Common Stock
from a financial point of view (and such opinion has not been withdrawn or
modified), (ii) determined, based upon a recommendation of the Special
Committee, that this Agreement and the Transactions are fair to and in the
best interests of the Company and the holders of the Common Stock, (iii)
based upon the recommendation of the Special Committee, duly authorized and
approved this Agreement, the Ancillary Agreements to which the Company is a
party and the Transactions, including the Merger, and declared that this
Agreement is advisable, and (iv) based upon the recommendation of the Special
Committee, resolved to recommend to the Company Stockholders that they vote
in favor of adopting this Agreement. Except for obtaining the approval of the
Company Stockholders as contemplated by Section 3.1, no other corporate
action on the part of the Company is necessary to authorize the execution,
delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the Ancillary
Agreements to which it is a party and the consummation by the Company of the
Transactions. Notwithstanding anything contained in this subsection (c) or
elsewhere in this Agreement, if the Board of Directors or Special Committee
withdraws or modifies its recommendation under circumstances described in
Section 6.4(d), that withdrawal or modification will not constitute a breach
of this Agreement.   (d) Consents and Approvals; No Violations. If the
consents described on Schedule 5.1-D are obtained, the execution and delivery
of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which the Company is a
party does not, and the consummation of the Transactions will not: (i)
violate, result in a breach of or constitute a default (or an event which,
with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a
default) under, the Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws of the Company or
the comparable governance documents of any of its Subsidiaries or any 50/50
Venture, (ii) result in a violation or breach of, constitute a default (or an
event which, with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would
constitute a default) under, give rise to a penalty, right of amendment,
modification, renegotiation, termination, cancellation, payment or
acceleration or any right or obligation or loss of any material benefit or
right under, or result in the creation of any Liens upon any of the
properties or assets of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any
50/50 Venture or its Subsidiaries under any of the terms, conditions or
provisions of, any agreement, instrument or Company Permit to which the
Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any 50/50 Venture or any of its
Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them is bound, or to which any of
them or their assets is entitled to the benefit or is otherwise affected, or
(iii) violate or result in a penalty under   - 21 -  any applicable Law,
except, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), such violations, breaches or
defaults which would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the
aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect and will not interfere with the
ability of the Company to carry out the Transactions.   (e) Governmental
Consents. No governmental filings, authorizations, approvals, or consents, or
other governmental action, other than those related to the Company Schedule
13E-3 and the Proxy Statement, the expiration or termination of waiting
periods under the HSR Act, if any, and approval by the California Public
Utilities Commission of a change of control of Valencia Water Company, if
any, are required to permit the Company to fulfill all its obligations under
this Agreement.   (f) Capitalization. (i) The only authorized capital stock
of the Company is 150,000,000 shares of Common Stock, 40,000,000 shares of
Class B Common Stock and 500,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $10 per
share ("Preferred Stock"). As of July 31, 2004, there are 19,923,051 shares
of Common Stock outstanding, 9,770,298 shares of Class B Common Stock
outstanding and no shares of Preferred Stock outstanding. At the date of this
Agreement, the only Options or convertible securities outstanding are those
set forth on Schedule 5.1-F(i)(1) and the Class B Common Stock. In addition,
the Company is a party to Stock Purchase Agreements and has issued Phantom
Stock Rights, each as described in the Company 10-K or the May 2004 10-Q or
as set forth on Schedule 5.1-F(i)(2). All outstanding shares of capital stock
or other equity interests, as the case may be, of the Company and each of the
Subsidiaries are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-
assessable, and are not subject to and were not issued in violation of any
preemptive rights, purchase option, call option, right of first refusal,
subscription right or any similar right, and were issued in compliance with
applicable federal and state securities Laws. All shares of capital stock of
the Company subject to issuance on the terms and conditions set forth in the
instruments pursuant to which they are issuable, will, when issued in
accordance with the terms of such instruments, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and will not be subject upon issuance
to, nor issued in violation of, any preemptive rights, purchase option, call
option, right of first refusal, subscription right or any similar right, and
will be issued in compliance with applicable federal and state securities
Laws. Except as set forth above, on Schedule 5.1-F(i)(1), on Schedule
5.1-F(i)(2) or as provided in the Stock Plans, (A) there are no shares of
capital stock or other equity securities (voting or nonvoting) of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries authorized or outstanding, (B) there are
no outstanding or authorized options or restricted stock or warrants,
calls, preemptive rights, subscriptions or other similar rights, convertible
or exchangeable securities, "phantom" stock rights, stock appreciation
rights, limited stock appreciation rights, stock-based performance units,
agreements, arrangements, commitments or claims of any character, contingent
or otherwise (1) relating to the issued or unissued capital stock of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (2) obligating the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries to issue, transfer (other than transfers of Company Common
Stock by the Company\'s stock transfer agent in the ordinary course) or sell
or cause to be issued, transferred or sold any shares of capital stock or
other equity interests in the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
securities convertible into or exchangeable for such shares or equity
interests, or obligating the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to grant,
extend or enter into any such option, restricted stock, warrant, call,
preemptive right, subscription or other right, convertible or exchangeable
security,   - 22 -  agreement, arrangement, commitment or claim, and (C)
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has authorized or outstanding
voting debt.   (ii) Schedule 5.1-F(ii) sets forth a complete and accurate
list of all Subsidiaries of the Company and the 50/50 Ventures as of the date
of this Agreement, other than Subsidiaries that are not, in
aggregate, material to the Company. Except as set forth on Schedule
5.1-F(ii), on the Merger Date, the Company or a Subsidiary will hold (x)(A)
all the shares or other ownership interests in each of its Subsidiaries, and
(B) its 50% ownership interests in each of the 50/50 Ventures, that it owns
on the date of this Agreement free and clear of any Liens, other than Liens
securing indebtedness of the Company or its Subsidiaries and other than
shares or interests in Subsidiaries or the 50/50 Ventures that are sold
between the date of this Agreement and the Merger Date without violating
Section 6.1, and (y) the shares or other ownership interests of its
Subsidiaries that it owns on the date of this Agreement free and clear of any
options, call rights, rights of first refusal or "tag" or "drag" along
rights. The 50/50 Ventures comprise at least 80% of the total market value of
all of the 50/50 Ventures and their Subsidiaries taken as a whole.   (iii)
Other than the Voting Agreement, or as described in the Company 10-K or the
May 2004 10-Q or as set forth on Schedule 5.1-F(iii), there are no voting
trusts, proxies, registration rights agreements, or other agreements,
commitments, arrangements or understandings of any character by which the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound with respect to the voting of any
shares of capital stock or other equity interests of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries or with respect to the registration of the offering, sale
or delivery of any shares of capital stock or other equity interests of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries under the Securities Act.   (iv) Except
as set forth on Schedule 5.1-F(iv), neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries
are required to redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire shares of capital
stock or other equity interests of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries.   (v) Except as set forth on Schedule 5.1-F(v) or
as described in the Company 10-K or the May 2004 10-Q, there are no
restrictions of any kind which prevent or restrict the payment of dividends
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries other than those imposed by the
corporate Laws of general applicability of their respective jurisdictions of
organization.   (g) SEC Reports. Since December 1, 2001, the Company
has timely filed with the SEC all Company SEC Documents required to be filed
during such period, all of which are publicly available on EDGAR or listed on
Schedule 5.1-G. Except to the extent amended or superseded by a Company SEC
Document filed with the SEC prior to the date hereof, as of their respective
dates (and if so amended or superseded, then on the date of the subsequent
filings with the SEC), the Company SEC Documents (i) did not, and in the case
of Subsequent Filings will not, contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements made in it, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading and (ii) complied,
and in the case of Subsequent Filings will comply, in all material respects
with the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act or the Securities Act,
as the case may be. Except as listed on   - 23 -  Schedule 5.1-G, the
Company has not filed, or been required to file, any Company SEC Documents
with regard to any period that ended, or any event that occurred, after May
31, 2004. None of the Company\'s Subsidiaries is required to file any forms,
reports or other documents with the SEC.   (h) Financial Statements. Each of
the financial statements contained or to be contained in the Company SEC
Documents or Subsequent Filings (including, in each case, any related notes
and schedules) (i) has been, or in the case of Subsequent Filings will be,
prepared from, and is in accordance with, the books and records of the
Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries, (ii) complies, or in the case of
Subsequent Filings will comply, in all material respects with applicable
accounting requirements and with the published rules and regulations of the
SEC with respect thereto, (iii) has been, or in the case of Subsequent
Filings will be, prepared in accordance with GAAP (except as may be indicated
in the notes thereto) and (iv) fairly presents, or in the case of Subsequent
Filings will fairly present, the consolidated financial position and the
consolidated results of operations and cash flows of the Company and
its consolidated Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP at the dates and for
the periods covered thereby, except that the unaudited interim financial
statements (1) are, or in the case of Subsequent Filings will be, subject to
normal and recurring year-end adjustments which were not or are not expected
to be material in amount and (2) do not, and in the case of Subsequent
Filings will not, contain all footnotes required for financial statements
prepared in accordance with GAAP.   (i) Absence of Certain Changes. Since
May 31, 2004, except as described in Company SEC Documents that have been
filed with the SEC after May 31, 2004 or as set forth on Schedule 5.1-I, (i)
the Company, its Subsidiaries and each 50/50 Venture have conducted their
businesses in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past
practices, and in the same manner in which they were conducted prior to May
31, 2004, and (ii) nothing has occurred which has had, or is reasonably
likely to have, individually or in the aggregate with any other event,
change, occurrence, effect, fact, violation, development or circumstance that
has occurred or arisen since May 31, 2004, a Material Adverse Effect.   (j)
Non-Consolidated Entities. Except as described in the Company 10-K or the May
2004 10-Q, or as set forth on Schedule 5.1-J, neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries (i) owns any equity interests in any entities (other than
issuers of CMBS Bonds) whose financial statements are not included in the
consolidated financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries to
which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has made or is committed to make
(with or without contingency) capital contributions or otherwise transferred
or committed (with or without contingency) assets with a value totaling more
than $10,000,000 as to any single entity or more than $50,000,000 in total,
or the operating results of which are reflected in the consolidated financial
statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries on an equity basis and which
during its most recently ended fiscal year had net income or a net loss
exceeding $10,000,000 (each, a "Non-Consolidated Entity") or (ii) is a
guarantor of, or may otherwise be obligated with regard to, indebtedness
of any entity whose financial statements are not included in the
consolidated financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries
totaling more than $10,000,000 as to any single entity or more than
$50,000,000 in total. There would not have been a Material Adverse Effect in
the consolidated total assets or consolidated net worth of the Company and
its Subsidiaries at May 31, 2004, or their consolidated revenues,   - 24
-  net income or earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization during the Company\'s fiscal year ended November 30, 2003 or the
six months ended May 31, 2004 if the assets, liabilities and operating
results of all of the Non-Consolidated Entities (whether or not included in
Schedule 5.1-J) had been included in the consolidated financial statements of
the Company and its Subsidiaries as though they were consolidated
Subsidiaries.   (k) Sufficiency of Assets. At the date of this Agreement,
the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries are in good working order
(subject to normal wear and tear and except as set forth in written plans
reflected in the budgets, forecasts or other documents regarding particular
properties made available to Parent) and are sufficient to enable them to
operate their businesses after the Effective Time substantially as they are
being operated on the date of this Agreement.   (l) Compliance with Laws.
The Company, its Subsidiaries, each 50/50 Venture and, to the Company\'s
Knowledge, each of the Non-Consolidated Entities, have at all times complied,
and currently are complying, with all applicable Laws, except failures to
comply that would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. To the Company\'s Knowledge,
except as listed on Schedule 5.1-L, no Action or Proceeding by any
Governmental Entity or Third Party with respect to the Company, any of its
Subsidiaries or any 50/50 Venture is pending or threatened, nor has
any Governmental Entity or Third Party indicated an intention to conduct the
same, except investigations or reviews by any Governmental Entity or Third
Party that would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.   (m) Permits and Licenses. The
Company, its Subsidiaries and the 50/50 Ventures have obtained and are in
compliance with all Company Permits which are required at the date of this
Agreement to enable them to conduct their businesses as they currently are
being conducted, except Company Permits the lack of which, or failure to
comply with which, would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the
aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect.   (n) Litigation. Except as
described in the Company 10-K or the May 2004 10-Q, or as set forth on
Schedule 5.1-N, neither the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, any of the
50/50 Ventures nor, to the Company\'s Knowledge, any of the Non-Consolidated
Entities, is a party to (i) any condemnation or quasi-condemnation
proceedings (pending or, to the Company\'s Knowledge, threatened), (ii) any
proceedings (pending, or to the Company\'s Knowledge, threatened) relating to
employment or employee related matters or (iii) any Action or Proceeding
(pending or, to the Company\'s Knowledge, threatened) which is required by
Item 103 of Regulation S-K to be disclosed in a report of the Company on Form
10-K or Form 10-Q or would reasonably be expected to result in the Company
and/or any of its Subsidiaries incurring any loss, liability or expense in
excess of $2 million individually or $10 million in the aggregate
or otherwise have a Material Adverse Effect.   (o) Taxes. (i) The Company,
each of its Subsidiaries and each affiliated group (within the meaning of
Section 1504 of the Code) or consolidated, combined or unitary group (under
state or local Tax law) of which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a
member (each, an "Affiliated Group") filed when due (taking account of
extensions) all Tax   - 25 -  Returns which it has been required to file
and paid all Taxes shown on those returns to be due. Those Tax Returns are
correct and complete and accurately reflect all Taxes required to have been
paid, except to the extent of (A) items which may be disputed by applicable
taxing authorities but for which there is substantial authority to support
the position taken by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or the Affiliated
Group, as applicable, and which have been adequately reserved against in
accordance with GAAP on the balance sheet at May 31, 2004, included in the
May 2004 10-Q and (B) the items on those Tax Returns that are in the process
of being amended, in each case of sub-clause (A) and (B), as described on
Schedule 5.1-O(i)(1). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any
liability in excess of $25 million in the aggregate for Taxes as a result of
being a member at any time of an affiliated group (within the meaning of
Section 1504 of the Code) or consolidated, combined or unitary group (under
state or local Tax law) other than an Affiliated Group. Except as shown
(including, with respect to audits or other proceedings, a description
of status and any adjustments proposed or agreed to) on Schedule 5.1-O(i)(2),
(A) no extension of time given by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
for completion of the audit of any of its Tax Returns is in effect and there
are no outstanding waivers or comparable consents regarding the application
of the statute of limitations with respect to any Taxes or Tax Returns of the
Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any Affiliated Group, (B) no Tax lien has
been filed by any taxing authority against the Company, any of its
Subsidiaries or any Affiliated Group, or any of their respective assets, (C)
no Federal, state, local or foreign audits or other administrative
proceedings or court proceedings with regard to Taxes are presently pending
with regard to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (D) neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any agreement providing for
the allocation or sharing of Taxes (other than agreements among the Company
and any of its Subsidiaries), (E) neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries has participated in or cooperated with an international boycott
as that term is used in Section 999 of the Code, (F) neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries is liable as a transferee, a successor or otherwise
for any Tax incurred by any other person (other than liabilities of members
of the Company\'s Affiliated Group as of the date hereof for Taxes resulting
from activities of other members of that Affiliated Group), (G) neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is required to include in income any
adjustment pursuant to Section 481(a) of the Code by reason of a voluntary
change in accounting method (and neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries intends to file for such a change) and the IRS is not
seeking to cause the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to make a change in
accounting method, (H) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has at
any time within three years prior to the date of this Agreement been a
"distributing corporation," as that term is defined in Section 355(c)(2) of
the Code, with respect to a transaction described in Section 355 of the Code,
(I) there is no material intercompany income or gain which may in the future
become taxable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, whether on
disposition of particular Subsidiaries or otherwise, (J) the Company and each
of its Subsidiaries have complied in all material respects with all
applicable laws, rules and regulations relating to the payment and
withholding of Taxes and are not liable for any material Taxes for failure to
comply with such laws, rules and regulations, (K) neither the Company (since
November 1, 1997), nor any of its Subsidiaries (since the later of November
1, 1997 or the time it became a Subsidiary of the Company), has been included
in any affiliated, combined, consolidated or unitary groups for Federal,
state, local and foreign Tax purposes, (L) neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries has filed with respect to any item a disclosure statement
pursuant to Section 6662 of the Code or any comparable disclosure with
respect to state, local or foreign Tax statutes and   - 26 -  (M) neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is required to make any disclosure in
its Tax Return under Section 1.6011-4 of the income Tax regulations
promulgated under the Code (the "Regulations") (other than as a result of any
transactions which are reportable transactions solely by reason of Section
1.6011-4(b)(6) of the Regulations.   (ii) Except for DSHI, neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has elected to be treated as a real
estate investment trust under the Code at any time. Since January 1, 1999,
DSHI has been organized and operated in conformity with the requirements to
be classified as a real estate investment trust under the Code at all times.
From its formation on August 25, 1998 until December 31, 1998, DSHI was a
corporation under Subchapter C of the Code. At December 31, 1998, DSHI had no
assets and no earnings and profits. DSHI does not own any assets that would
be subject to corporate-level tax under Regulations Section 1.337(d)-5
through 1.337(d)-7 upon sale or disposition. The Company has delivered to
Parent correct and complete information that provides the Company\'s
estimated adjusted tax basis in the DSHI Stock at May 31, 2004, and no
transaction or event has occurred since such date that would
materially reduce that amount (other than the Transactions, the Merger
Financings, the Tax Return amendments referred to in Schedule 5.1-O(i)(1) and
any transaction entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practices since May 31, 2004). Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries owns or has owned in a past year for which the applicable
statute of limitations has not expired a residual interest in a REMIC. The
aggregate amount of "excess inclusion income" within the meaning of Section
860E of the Code earned by DSHI in any taxable year has not exceeded the
taxable income of DSHI for such year.   (iii) Except as shown on Schedule
5.1-O(iii), each Subsidiary, and each entity in which DSHI has a direct or
indirect interest, that is not a United States person under Section
7701(a)(30) of the Code and is not a qualified REIT subsidiary has timely
filed a valid Form 8832 to be treated from inception as a partnership or
disregarded entity for U.S. Tax purposes.   (iv) The Company has delivered
to Parent correct and complete information that provides the estimated
adjusted tax basis of the Company and its Subsidiaries in their assets for
Federal income tax purposes at February 29, 2004, and no transaction or event
has occurred since such date that would materially reduce such amounts (other
than the Transactions, taxable income or loss incurred in the ordinary course
of business since February 29, 2004 consistent with past practices,
acquisitions or dispositions of properties in the ordinary course of business
since February 29, 2004 consistent with past practices and the Tax Return
amendments referred to in Schedule 5.1-O(i)(1)). At November 30, 2002, the
Company had total state net operating losses of approximately $220 million,
divided among the states as described on Schedule 5.1-O(iv)(2), and no
transaction or event has occurred since such date that could reasonably be
expected to materially affect such amount (other than the Transactions,
taxable income or loss incurred in the ordinary course of business since
November 30, 2002, and the Tax Return amendments referred to in
Schedule 5.1-O(i)(1)).   (v) The low-income housing credits claimed by
the Company and its Subsidiaries have been accurately determined in all
material respects under Section 42 of the Code, and the Company and its
Subsidiaries have satisfied in all material respects all   - 27
-  reporting and other requirements under the Code and state and local Law
with respect to such credits. Schedule 5.1-O(v) lists the expiration of the
credit period with respect to each building held by the Company and its
Subsidiaries for which they have claimed low-income housing credits under
Section 42 of the Code. Neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries is a party
to any Action or Proceeding in which the IRS is seeking to recapture any low-
income housing credit applied in the current or prior Tax years.   (vi) The
Company is not currently, but within the past five years has been, a United
States real property holding corporation as defined in Section 897(c)(2)of
the Code   (p) Employee Benefit Matters. (i) Schedule 5.1-P(i)
identifies each retirement, pension, savings, bonus, stock purchase, profit
sharing, stock option, deferred compensation, severance or termination pay,
insurance, death, medical, hospital, dental, vision care, drug, sick leave,
disability, salary continuation, vacation, incentive or other compensation
plan or arrangement or other employee benefit that the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries currently maintains or to which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries currently contributes for the benefit of any of its or any other
Person\'s employees or former employees (or dependents or beneficiaries
thereof) or as to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries may otherwise
have any liability, including, but not limited to, any pension plan ("Pension
Plan") as defined in Section 3(2) of the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA") and any welfare plan ("Welfare Plan") as
defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA, whether funded, insured or self-funded or
whether written or oral (each of the foregoing described in this Section
5.1(p)(i), a "Plan").   (ii) Each Plan has been administered in all
material respects in accordance with its terms. The Company and all the Plans
are in compliance in all material respects with the provisions applicable to
the Plans of ERISA, the Code and all other applicable Laws, and each such
Plan which is intended to meet the requirements of a "qualified plan" under
Section 401(a) of the Code has been determined by the IRS to be a qualified
plan (in form) by the issuance of a favorable determination letter by the IRS
or is the subject of an application for a favorable determination letter.
There is no pending or, to the Company\'s Knowledge, threatened legal action,
suit or claim relating to the Plans. The Company has not engaged in a
transaction in connection with which, to the Company\'s Knowledge, the
Company would be subject to either a civil penalty pursuant to Section 502(i)
of ERISA or tax pursuant to Section 4975 of the Code. No Action or Proceeding
with respect to any Plan (other than routine claims for benefits) is pending,
or to the Company\'s Knowledge, threatened. All contributions and other
payments required to have been made by the Company to any Plan have been
made.   (iii) None of the Pension Plans is subject to Title IV of ERISA or
Section 412 of the Code and neither the Company, nor any other Person that,
together with the Company, is treated as a single employer under Section
414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code (each, including the Company, a "Commonly
Controlled Entity"), currently contributes to, or during any time during the
last six years had an obligation to contribute to, a Pension Plan subject to
Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code.   - 28 -   (iv) Neither the
Company nor any Commonly Controlled Entity is required to contribute to any
"multiemployer plan" (as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA) or has
withdrawn from any multiemployer plan where such withdrawal has resulted or
would result in any "withdrawal liability" (within the meaning of Section
4201 of ERISA) or "mass withdrawal liability" within the meaning of PBGC
Regulation 4219.2 that has not been fully paid.   (v) Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries has used the services of workers provided by
third party contract labor suppliers, temporary employees, "leased employees"
(as that term is defined in Section 414(n) of the Code), or persons who have
provided services as independent contractors, to an extent that could
reasonably be expected to result in the disqualification of any Plan under
applicable law.   (vi) Except as required under Section 4980B of the
Code, the Company has no obligation to provide post-retirement health or
life benefits.   (vii) Since May 31, 2004, neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries has communicated to present or former employees of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or formally adopted or authorized
any additional plan or program not set forth in Schedule 5.1-P(i) or any
change in or termination of any existing Plan. Except as set forth on
Schedule 5.1-P(vii), no Plan covers employees other than current directors,
officers or employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.   (viii)
Each Plan may be amended or terminated at any time after the Closing without
liability to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.   (ix) The Company has
heretofore delivered or made available to the Parent correct and complete
copies of each of the following:   (1) Each Plan and all amendments thereto
and the trust  instrument and/or insurance contracts, if any,  forming a
part of such Plan and all amendments  thereto;   (2) The most recent IRS
Form 5500 and all schedules  thereto, if applicable, to any Plan;   (3) The
most recent determination letter issued by the  IRS regarding the qualified
status of each Pension  Plan as to which a determination letter has been 
received;   (4) The most recent accountant\'s report, if any, with  respect
to each Plan;   (5) The most recent summary plan description, if any,  with
respect to each Plan;   (6) Any letter, agreement, or correspondence from
a  Governmental Entity, including but not limited to  the   - 29 -  
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, the U.S.  Department of Labor, or the
IRS, with respect to  any Plan; and   (7) Employee handbooks applicable to
employees of the  Company or any of its Subsidiaries.   (q) Labor Matters.
(i) Except as listed in Schedule 5.1-Q, neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is party to any employment, labor or collective bargaining
agreement and there are no employment, labor or collective bargaining
agreements which pertain to employees of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries.   (ii) No employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
are represented by any labor organization; no labor organization or group of
employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has made a pending demand
for recognition or certification to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
and to the Knowledge of the Company there are no representation
or certification proceedings or petitions seeking a representation
proceeding presently pending or threatened to be brought or filed with the
National Labor Relations Board or any other labor relations tribunal or
authority relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. To the
Knowledge of the Company there are no organizing activities involving the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries pending with any labor organization or
group of employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.   (1) There
are no unfair labor practice charges,  grievances or complaints pending or,
to the Company\'s Knowledge,  threatened in writing by or on behalf of any
employee or group of  employees of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries.   (2) Except as listed in Schedule 5.1-Q, there are  no
complaints, charges or claims against the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries
pending, or to the Company\'s Knowledge, threatened in writing  to be brought
or filed, with any authority or arbitrator based on, arising  out of, in
connection with, or otherwise relating to the employment or  termination of
employment or any individual by the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries.  
(3) The Company and its Subsidiaries are in  compliance in all material
respects with all Laws governing the employment  of labor, including, but not
limited to, all such Laws relating to wages,  hours, collective bargaining,
discrimination, immigration, civil rights,  safety and health, workers\'
compensation and the collection and payment of  withholding and/or Social
Security Taxes and similar Taxes.   (4) No employee of the Company or any of
its  Subsidiaries has suffered an "employment loss" (as defined by the
Worker  Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, 29 U.S.C.Section 2101,
et  seq.) during the 90-day period ending on the date of this Agreement.  
(iii) The Company has heretofore delivered or made available to the Parent
each agreement listed in Schedule 5.1-P(i) and a list of all employees of the
Company   - 30 -  and its Subsidiaries, their respective locations, the
date their employment commenced, base compensation and any applicable bonus
opportunity.   (r) Section 280G. Except as shown on Schedule 5.1-R, there
are no contracts, agreements or other arrangements (other than agreements
entered into in connection with the Transactions) which, as a result of
the Transactions, could require the payment by the Company or by any of
its Subsidiaries of an "Excess Parachute Payment" as that term is used in
Section 280G of the Code or the payment by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries of compensation which may not be deductible because of Section
162(m) of the Code or may be subject to the imposition of an excise Tax under
Section 4999 of the Code.   (s) Company Schedule 13E-3; Proxy Statement.
Neither the Company Schedule 13E-3 nor the Proxy Statement will, at the
respective times they are filed with the SEC or first published, sent or
given to stockholders, or, in the case of the Proxy Statement, at the date
mailed to the Company Stockholders and at the time of the Special Meeting,
contain a false or misleading statement with respect to any material fact or
omit to state any material fact required to be stated in it or necessary in
order to make the statements in it, in light of the circumstances under which
they are made, not misleading or necessary to correct any statement in any
earlier communication with respect to the Special Meeting or the solicitation
of proxies to be used at the Special Meeting. However, the Company does not
make any representations or warranties with respect to information supplied
by Parent, Holdings, Acquisition Sub or any of their Affiliates or
Representatives specifically for inclusion in either the Company Schedule
13E-3 or the Proxy Statement. The Company Schedule 13E-3 (including any
amendments thereto) and the definitive Proxy Statement will comply as to form
in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the
rules and regulations under it.   (t) Material Contracts. Schedule 5.1-T
contains a correct list of the Material Contracts (as hereinafter defined) to
which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party as of the date
hereof. For purposes of this subsection (t), a contract or agreement is
deemed material (a "Material Contract") if it is (A) a contract or agreement
under which the Company reasonably expects to receive, or to be required to
make payments, from the date of this Agreement to the time the contract or
agreement terminates totaling more than $25 million, or (B)(i) a contract or
agreement for the purchase of real estate (under which legal title to such
real estate has not yet been fully conveyed to the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has any outstanding
liability or obligation) for more than $25 million or a Real Property Lease
providing for aggregate rental payments after the date of this Agreement of
more than $25 million; (ii) a joint venture, partnership, limited liability
company or other contract involving a sharing of profits, losses, costs, or
liabilities by the Company with any other Person or relating to any ownership
or equity interest of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in any Person
under which the Company reasonably expects to be required to make, or to
receive, payments exceeding $25 million in the aggregate after the date of
this Agreement; (iii) a contract or agreement containing covenants that in
any way purport to restrict the business activity of the Company, any of its
Subsidiaries (other than restrictions that solely affect such Subsidiary) or
Affiliates or limit the freedom of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or
Affiliates to engage in any line of business or to compete with any Person
(including "radius" restrictions and leasing restrictions) other than joint
venture agreements that prohibit direct   - 31 -  competition by the
Company or its Subsidiaries with the joint venture and do not materially
interfere with the ability of the Company and its Subsidiaries to conduct
their business generally and other than exclusivity or use restrictions in
leases or title documents relating to specific properties and land
use restriction agreements relating to affordable housing developments
requiring that specified percentages of apartments be leased at below market
rents or to tenants meeting particular age, income or similar criteria; (iv)
a contract or agreement (including loan agreements, credit agreements, notes,
bonds, mortgages or other agreements, indentures or instruments) relating to
indebtedness for borrowed money, letters of credit, "earn-outs" relating to
or the deferred purchase price of property, conditional sale arrangements,
capital lease obligations, obligations secured by a Lien, or interest rate or
currency hedging activities (including guarantees or other contingent
liabilities in respect of any of the foregoing but in any event excluding (A)
trade payables arising in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice, indebtedness among the Company and its wholly-owned
Subsidiaries, and immaterial leases for telephones, copy machines, facsimile
machines and other office equipment and (B) contracts or agreements under
which the aggregate actual or contingent obligations of the Company and its
Subsidiaries are less than $25 million); (v) a contract or agreement required
to be disclosed under Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act;
(vi) a contract or agreement required to be filed under Item 601(b)(10) of
Regulation S-K under the Securities Act; or (vii) a union contract or
collective bargaining agreement. The Company or its Subsidiaries, as
applicable, performed, in all material respects, their respective obligations
under each Material Contract to the extent that such obligations to perform
have accrued. Except as set forth in Schedule 5.1-T, no breach or default,
alleged breach or default, or event which would constitute a breach or
default (by either Company or any party thereto, but as to any other party
only to the Company\'s Knowledge) has occurred under any Material
Contract, B-note or CMBS Bond or will occur as a result of this Agreement or
the consummation of the Transactions which could reasonably be expected to
result in, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. The
Company shall not be deemed to have breached the representation contained in
the first sentence of this Section 5.1(t) as to agreements within the
definitions contained in clauses (A) or (B)(i), (ii) or (iv) not being listed
on Schedule 5.1-T, so long as the agreements listed on Schedule 5.1-T
represent at least 80% of the total payment obligations or commitments and
anticipated receipts of the Company and its Subsidiaries under all contracts
in effect at the date of this Agreement for the balance of the 2004 fiscal
year or the 2005 fiscal year.   (u) No Undisclosed Material Liabilities.
Except as disclosed in the Company SEC Documents, or as set forth in Schedule
5.1-U or as otherwise would not reasonably be expected to have, individually
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, there are no liabilities of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, whether accrued, contingent, absolute
or determined, other than (i) liabilities adequately reflected or provided
for on the balance sheet of the Company (including the notes thereto)
contained in the Company 10-K or the May 2004 10-Q, as the case may be, or
(ii) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practices subsequent to May 31, 2004.   (v) Investment Company Act of
1940. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is, or at the Effective
Time will be, required to register as an investment company under the
Investment Company Act of 1940.   - 32 -   (w) Insurance. Schedule 5.1-W
contains a true, accurate and, in all material respects, complete list of all
policies of collision, fire, casualty, liability, workmen\'s compensation and
other forms of insurance, reinsurance and similar arrangements as of the date
hereof (collectively, the "Policies") pursuant to which the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries seeks to limit, or transfer to a Third Party, financial or
other risk applicable to the Company or its Subsidiaries or any of their
respective businesses or assets. All Policies are in full force and effect,
all premiums with respect thereto covering the respective policy periods have
been paid, or are current with respect to agreed-upon installment plans, and
no notice of cancellation or termination has been received with respect to
any such policy. Such Policies (or replacement Policies providing
substantially equivalent coverage) (A) are sufficient, as of the date hereof,
for compliance in all material respects with Law and of all Material
Contracts, (B) are valid and enforceable policies, (C) provide adequate
insurance coverage for the assets and operations of the Company and each of
its Subsidiaries in accordance with standard industry practices, and (D) will
remain in full force and effect through their respective term without payment
of additional premiums except pursuant to negotiated installment payments,
auditable Policies, premium financing agreements and retrospectively rated
Policies. Prior to the date of this Agreement, the Company has provided
or made available to Parent a list of all claims made under the Policies, and
of all payments made to the insured party or parties thereunder, since
December 1, 2001 through May 31, 2004, it being understood that the
information contained in such list is true, accurate and, in all material
respects, complete. The Company shall not be deemed to have breached the
representation contained in this Section 5.1(w) if the Policies listed on
Schedule 5.1-W and the list of claims and payments made under the Policies
represent at least 80% of the total Policies (in terms of coverage) in effect
and 80% of the claims and payments made at the date of this Agreement.  
(x) Title to Property. (i) Schedule 5.1-X(i)(1) contains a true, accurate
and, in all material respects, complete list as of February 29, 2004 of each
real property lease, sublease, license and other agreement, whether oral or
written and including all amendments thereto and assignments thereof with
rental payments in excess of $25 million in the aggregate after February 29,
2004 (the "Real Property Leases"), related to the tenancy (or other use
and occupancy) by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of real
property (collectively, the "Leased Real Properties"). True, correct and
complete copies of all Real Property Leases have been made available to
Parent. Schedule 5.1-X(i)(2) contains a true, correct and in all material
respects complete list of all real property owned by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries as of February 29, 2004 with an estimated value in excess of
$25 million individually (collectively, the "Owned Real Properties") together
with the book value, appraised value (if any) and internally estimated value
(if any) of each Owned Real Property. Schedule 5.1-X(i)(1) also contains a
list of all acquisitions and dispositions of interests in real property after
February 29, 2004 with a purchase or sale price of at least $10 million,
specifying those properties that were sold for a price below the market value
previously furnished to Parent. Except as set forth on Schedule 5.1-X(i)(3),
the Company or one of its Subsidiaries (A) in the case of each Owned Real
Property, is the sole legal and beneficial owner of such Owned Real Property,
and has, good, valid and marketable fee simple title thereto, (B) in the case
of each Leased Real Property, has a valid and binding leasehold estate or (as
specified on such Schedule) license in such Leased Real Property and (C) in
the case of tangible personal property, is the sole owner and holder of, and
has, good title to, or a valid lease or license to use, all of their
respective material assets, in each case free and clear of any Liens,
encumbrance, conditions or covenants of record, or zoning or similar
restrictions    -33-  other than for Permitted Liens. The Company shall
not be deemed to have breached the representation contained in this Section
5.1(x) if (a) the Real Property Leases listed on Schedule 5.1-X(i)(1)
represent at least 80% of the Real Property Leases (in terms of annual rental
payments) of the Company and its Subsidiaries in effect at the date of this
Agreement and (b) the Owned Real Properties listed on Schedule 5.1-X(i)(2)
represent at least 80% of the Owned Real Properties (in terms of internally
estimated asset value) of the Company and its Subsidiaries in effect at the
date of this Agreement.   (ii) Except as set forth on Schedule 5.1-X(ii)
or as otherwise listed on Schedule 5.1-T, there are no unexpired leases,
licenses, shared use agreements or other occupancy agreements, purchase
contracts, options, rights of first offer, rights of first refusal or similar
rights or options which permit any Person to purchase, lease or otherwise
occupy or acquire any interest in any of the Owned Real Property under which
the Company and its Subsidiaries will receive aggregate payments in excess of
$25 million per year, and there is no material default under any of the
leases, licenses, shared use agreements, occupancy agreements, purchase
agreements or other agreements identified in such Schedule.   (iii) Except
as set forth on Schedule 5.1-X(iii), neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries, nor any subtenant or licensee thereunder, is in material
default under any Real Property Lease.   (iv) Except as set forth on
Schedule 5.1-X(iv), all buildings, structures and other improvements on any
of the Owned Real Property are structurally sound with no material defects,
except as set forth in written plans reflected in the budget, forecasts or
other documents relating to particular items of Owned Real Property made
available to Parent.   (v) The Owned Real Property complies, in
all material respects, with all Laws and all ordinance, zoning and other
land use requirements.   (vi) Except as set forth on Schedule
5.1-X(vi), no Real Property Lease listed therein has been assigned, no
portion of any Leased Real Property listed therein has been subleased, and
the Company or one of its Subsidiaries (as applicable) is currently in
occupancy of all of the Leased Real Property.   (y) Affiliated
Transactions. Schedule 5.1-Y sets forth a complete list of (i) all
agreements, contracts and arrangements between the Company and/or its
Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and Lennar Corporation and/or its
Subsidiaries, or officers or directors of the Company and/or their respective
family members, on the other hand, and (ii) all transactions between the
Company and/or its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and Lennar
Corporation and/or its Subsidiaries, or officers or directors of the Company
and/or their respective family members, on the other hand, since December 1,
2002, having a potential or actual value or a contingent or actual liability
or obligation exceeding $100,000 each (or, as to an agreement, contract or
arrangement between the Company or a Subsidiary and Lennar Corporation or a
Subsidiary, $10 million each), together with a description in reasonable
detail of any such agreements, contracts or arrangements that are not in
writing.    -34-   (z) Environmental Matters. Except as set forth in
Schedule 5.1-Z, or that individually or in the aggregate is not reasonably
likely to have a Material Adverse Effect:   (i) the operations of the
Company, its Subsidiaries, the 50/50 Ventures and, to the Company\'s
Knowledge, each of the Non-Consolidated Entities, are in material compliance
with all applicable Environmental Laws;   (ii) the Company, its Subsidiaries
and the 50/50 Ventures have obtained and are in compliance with all Company
Permits that are required under Environmental Laws to operate the facilities,
assets, real estate and business of the Company;   (iii) there has been no
Release of Hazardous Materials at any of the real estate that is owned,
leased, operated or managed by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, any of
the 50/50 Ventures or any predecessor in interest of any of the foregoing
entities, or, to the Company\'s Knowledge, at any disposal or treatment
facility which received Hazardous Materials generated by the Company, its
Subsidiaries, any of the 50/50 Ventures or any predecessor in interest of any
of the foregoing entities, that is reasonably likely to result in
Environmental Liabilities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;   (iv)
none of the Company, its Subsidiaries, the 50/50 Ventures or, to the
Company\'s Knowledge, any of the Non-Consolidated Entities, has received any
notice of or is subject to, any Environmental Claim that asserts any
liability on the part of the Company, its Subsidiaries, the 50/50 Ventures
or, to the Company\'s Knowledge, any of the Non-Consolidated Entities or any
predecessor in interest of any of the foregoing entities under any
Environmental Law, or in respect of the manufacture,
processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or
handling, or the emission, discharge, release or threatened release into the
environment, of any pollutant, contaminant, or industrial, hazardous or toxic
substances or waste (collectively, "Environmental Liabilities"), nor does the
Company have Knowledge of any threatened or pending claim of Environmental
Liabilities against the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, the 50/50 Ventures
or, to the Company\'s Knowledge, any of the Non Consolidated Entities, or any
predecessor in interest of any of the foregoing entities;   (v) to the
Company\'s Knowledge, no Environmental Claims have been asserted against any
facilities that have received Hazardous Materials generated by the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries, any of the 50/50 Ventures or any of the Non-
Consolidated Entities that individually or in the aggregate is reasonably
likely to result in Environmental Liabilities of the Company, any of its
Subsidiaries, any of the 50/50 Ventures or any of the Non-Consolidated
Entities;   (vi) the Company has delivered or made available to Parent and
Acquisition Sub true and complete copies of all environmental reports,
studies, investigations or correspondence in its possession
regarding Environmental Liabilities of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries
or any of the 50/50 Ventures and environmental conditions at real estate that
is owned, leased, operated or managed by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries
or any of the 50/50 Ventures; and    -35-   (vii) there are no
environmental conditions at the real estate presently or formerly owned,
leased, operated or managed by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, any of
the 50/50 Ventures or, to the Company\'s Knowledge, any of the Non
Consolidated Entities or any predecessor in interest of any of the foregoing
entities, that are not in compliance with Environmental Law or are reasonably
likely to give rise to Environmental Liabilities.   (aa) State Takeover
Statutes. The Board of Directors of the Company has taken any and all
requisite action so that neither the restrictions on "business combinations"
set forth in Section 203 of the DGCL, nor any other "moratorium," "control
share," "fair price," "affiliate transaction," "business combination" or
other antitakeover Laws of any state other than the State of Delaware, will
apply to this Agreement, the Voting Agreement, the Merger or any of the other
Transactions.   (bb) Internal Controls. The Company is in the process
of completing its review of its internal controls to ensure that they are
compliant with Section 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. At the date of
this Agreement, to the Company\'s Knowledge, there are no material weaknesses
in the Company\'s internal controls and, although the Company has not tested
the effectiveness of those internal controls for compliance with Section 404,
there is no Company Knowledge that those internal controls do not comply with
such Section.   (cc) B-Notes. The information with respect to the B-notes
of the Company and its Subsidiaries contained in the Company 10-K and in
the Company\'s subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC
on or prior to the date of this Agreement is true and correct in all
material respects. Except as previously disclosed by the Company to the
Parent, no underlying loan relating to a B-note is being specially
serviced.   (dd) Intellectual Property. Schedule 5.1-DD sets forth
a complete list of all (i) Owned Intellectual Property that is material to
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; and (ii) Intellectual Property
Contracts which are material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The
Company shall not be deemed to have breached the representation contained in
this Section if the Owned Intellectual Property or Intellectual Property
Contracts listed on Schedule 5.1-DD represent at least 80% in value to the
Company and its Subsidiaries, of the Owned Intellectual Property or
Intellectual Property Contracts of the Company and its Subsidiaries in effect
at the date of this Agreement. There is no Owned Intellectual Property that
is Registered. The Company and each Subsidiary is entitled to use all
Intellectual Property which it uses in connection with its businesses, other
than Intellectual Property which the Company and the Subsidiaries could stop
using without the cessation, individually or in the aggregate, having a
Material Adverse Effect. To the Company\'s Knowledge, neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries has been informed of any claim that the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries is, and to the Company\'s Knowledge neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is, infringing on, violating or
unlawfully using any trademark or service mark, patent, copyright, trade
secret or any other Intellectual Property owned by any Third Party or any
name which is confusingly similar to that of any Third Party. To the
Company\'s Knowledge, no Person is infringing or violating any
Owned Intellectual Property. No Person other than the Company or its
Subsidiaries has any ownership interest in, or a right to receive a royalty
or similar payment with respect to, the Company\'s "Lennar Partners Asset
Management System", its "Focus" Computer    -36-  Software or any other
Intellectual Property or Computer Software set forth on Schedule 5.1-DD. The
Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable measures to protect the
secrecy, confidentiality and value of all Trade Secrets used in the Business
(collectively, "Business Trade Secrets"). To the Company\'s Knowledge, no
unauthorized disclosure of any Business Trade Secrets has been made. The
Transactions will not result in the termination of, or otherwise require the
consent of any party to, any Intellectual Property Contract listed on
Schedule 5.1-DD. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with,
and have conducted their businesses so as to comply with, all material terms
of all Intellectual Property Contracts listed on Schedule 5.1-DD. There
exists no event, condition or occurrence which, with the giving of notice or
lapse of time, or both, would constitute a material breach or default by the
Company, its Subsidiaries or another party under any Intellectual Property
Contract listed on Schedule 5.1-DD. No party to any Intellectual Property
Contract listed on Schedule 5.1-DD has given the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries notice of its intention to cancel, terminate or fail to renew
any Intellectual Property Contract listed on Schedule 5.1-DD.   (ee)
Commercial Mortgage Backed Securities/Servicing.   (i) Schedule 5.1-EE(i)
contains a true, accurate and, in all material respects, complete list of
each commercial mortgaged backed bond, certificate or security (collectively,
the "CMBS Bonds") owned or held by the Company and/or its Subsidiaries as of
May 31, 2004 (the Company shall not be deemed to have breached the
representation contained in this subsection (i) if the CMBS Bonds listed on
Schedule 5.1-EE(i) represent at least 80% of the total CMBS Bonds in effect
at the date of this Agreement);   (ii) the information with respect to the
CMBS Bonds contained in the Company 10-K and in the Company\'s subsequent
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on or prior to the date of
this Agreement is true and correct in all material respects.   (iii) except
as set forth on Schedule 5.1-EE(iii), neither the Company nor its
Subsidiaries have been removed as the "Special Servicer" of a mortgage pool
related to any CMBS Bonds (except in connection with the unwinding of a
mortgage pool or an arm\'s length sale by the Company or its Subsidiaries of
the CMBS Bonds representing the controlling class in such mortgage pool);
and   (iv) the Company and its Subsidiaries are in material compliance will
all applicable PSA\'s, including any requirement to carry insurance. Neither
the Company, its Subsidiaries nor any of their respective officers, directors
or employees that is involved in the servicing or administration of Loans has
been refused such coverage or insurance.   Section 5.2 Representations and
Warranties of Parent and Acquisition Sub. Parent and Acquisition Sub, jointly
and severally, represent and warrant to the Company as follows:   (a)
Organization. Parent is a limited liability company duly formed and validly
existing and in good standing under the Laws of the State of Delaware.
Acquisition    -37-  Sub is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the Laws of the State of Delaware.  
(b) Authorization. Parent and Acquisition Sub each has all limited liability
company or corporate, as applicable, power and authority necessary to enable
it to enter into this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which it is a
party and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to carry
out the Transactions. All limited liability company or corporate actions
necessary to authorize each of Parent and Acquisition Sub to enter into this
Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which Parent or Acquisition Sub, as
applicable, is a party and carry out the Transactions contemplated by it
have been taken, other than the adoption of this Agreement by Acquisition
Sub\'s stockholders. This Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which
Parent or Acquisition Sub, as applicable, is a party have been duly executed
by each of Parent and Acquisition Sub, as applicable, and, assuming the due
authorization and delivery of this Agreement and such Ancillary Agreements by
the other parties thereto, are valid and binding agreements of each of Parent
and Acquisition Sub, as applicable, enforceable against each of them in
accordance with their terms.   (c) Consents and Approvals; No Violation.
Neither the execution or delivery of this Agreement or of any of the
Ancillary Agreements to which Parent or Acquisition Sub is a party nor the
consummation of the Transactions will violate, result in a breach of or
constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both
would constitute a default) under, the Certificate of Formation or Limited
Liability Company Agreement of Parent, the Certificate of Incorporation or
By-Laws of Acquisition Sub, any agreement or instrument to which Parent,
Holdings or Acquisition Sub or any Subsidiaries of any of them is a party or
by which any of them is bound, or any Law, except violations or breaches of,
or defaults under, agreements or instruments which would not reasonably be
expected to materially interfere with the ability of Parent, Holdings or
Acquisition Sub to carry out the Merger and the Transactions.   (d) No
Other Consents or Approvals. Except as disclosed on Schedule 5.2-D, no
governmental filings, authorizations, approvals or consents, or other
governmental action, other than the expiration or termination of waiting
periods under the HSR Act, if any, and approval by the California
Public Utilities Commission of a change of control of Valencia Water Company,
if any, are required to permit Parent and Acquisition Sub to fulfill all
their respective obligations under this Agreement.   (e) No Prior
Activities. Acquisition Sub was formed solely for the purpose of engaging in
the Transactions. Acquisition Sub has not, and at the Merger Date will not
have, engaged in any activities or incurred, directly or indirectly, any
obligations or liabilities, except the activities relating to or contemplated
by this Agreement and obligations or liabilities incurred in connection with
those activities and with the Transactions.   (f) Information in the Company
Schedule 13E-3 and the Proxy Statement. The information supplied by Parent,
Holdings or Acquisition Sub or any of their Representatives for inclusion in
the Company Schedule 13E-3 and the Proxy Statement will not be, at the
respective times the Company Schedule 13E-3 and the Proxy Statement are filed
with the SEC or first published, sent or given to stockholders, or, in the
case of the Proxy Statement, at the date mailed to the Company Stockholders
and at the time of the Special Meeting, false or    -38-  misleading with
respect to any material fact or will omit to state any material fact required
to be stated as part of that information or necessary in order to make the
information supplied by Parent, Holdings or Acquisition Sub or
their Representatives, in light of the circumstances under which it is
supplied, not misleading or necessary to correct any statement in any earlier
communication with respect to the Special Meeting or the solicitation of
proxies to be used at the Special Meeting. None of Parent, Holdings or
Acquisition Sub makes any representations or warranties with respect to
information in either the Company Schedule 13E-3 or the Proxy Statement,
other than information supplied by Parent or Acquisition Sub or their
Representatives specifically for inclusion therein.   (g) Ownership of
Acquisition Sub. Acquisition Sub is wholly-owned by Holdings. Holdings is
wholly-owned by Parent. Parent is an Affiliate of Cerberus Capital
Management, L.P. Parent and Holdings have obtained commitment letters with
respect to the provision of equity capital and debt to Parent and Holdings,
copies of which have been provided to the Company.   (h) Litigation. None
of Parent, Holdings or Acquisition Sub is the subject of any suit or
governmental proceeding which seeks to prevent Parent, Holdings or
Acquisition Sub from carrying out the Transactions, nor, to the Parent\'s
Knowledge, has any such suit or proceeding been threatened.   Section 5.3
Termination of Representations and Warranties. The representations and
warranties in Sections 5.1, 5.2 and 9.1 will terminate at the Effective Time,
and none of the Company, Parent or Acquisition Sub, or any of their
respective stockholders (including Holdings) or other equity owners or any
other Persons, will have any rights, liabilities or claims as a result of any
of those representations and warranties after the Effective Time.   Article
VI   ACTIONS PRIOR TO THE MERGER   Section 6.1 Activities Until Effective
Time. From the date of this Agreement until the earlier of the Effective Time
or the time this Agreement is terminated in accordance with Article VIII, the
Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, except with the
written consent of Parent, as required by this Agreement or as expressly set
forth in the Company\'s business plan delivered to Parent on the date
hereof:   (a) Operate its business in the ordinary course and in a manner
consistent with past practices.   (b) Take all reasonable steps available to
it to maintain the goodwill of its business and, except as otherwise
requested by Parent, the continued employment of its executives.   (c) At
its expense, maintain all its assets in good repair and condition, except to
the extent of reasonable wear and use and damage by fire or other unavoidable
casualty.    -39-   (d) Not incur any indebtedness other than as set
forth in Schedule 6.1-D.   (e) Except as required by any agreement set
forth in any of the Schedules hereto or excluded from these Schedules because
of size or immateriality (without giving effect to any amendment thereto not
disclosed therein), not (i) enter into any joint ventures, (ii) make any
investments in, or acquire any interests in, real estate in excess of $5
million individually and $10 million in the aggregate, (iii) make any
commitments in excess of $5 million individually and $10 million in the
aggregate, (iv) enter into any contractual commitments involving capital
expenditures, loans or advances in excess of $5 million individually and $10
million in the aggregate, or (v) voluntarily incur any contingent liability
(other than through endorsement of checks and similar routine transactions)
in excess of $5 million individually and $10 million in the aggregate.  
(f) Not enter into any agreement that contains a change of control or similar
provision that would require the payment or accelerated payment of any
amounts, modify the rights of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under
any agreement, impede, impair or increase the cost of the consummation of the
Transactions or the consummation of the Merger Financings.   (g) Not
declare, set aside or pay any dividends or other distribution (other than
regularly scheduled quarterly dividends at the rate in effect at the date of
this Agreement), or make any other distributions or repayments of debt to any
beneficial owner of more than 5% of the outstanding shares of Company Common
Stock (other than payments by Subsidiaries of the Company to the Company or
to wholly-owned Subsidiaries of the Company).   (h) Not make any loans or
advances (other than advances in the ordinary course for travel and other
normal business expenses) to any beneficial owner of more than 5% of the
outstanding shares of Company Common Stock or to directors or officers of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries.   (i) Not acquire, authorize or make (or
commit to make) any investments in, or make any capital contribution to, any
Person in excess of $5 million individually or $10 million in the
aggregate.   (j) Maintain its books of account and records in the
usual manner, in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis, subject
to normal year-end adjustments and accruals.   (k) Comply in all material
respects with all applicable Laws and regulations of Governmental
Entities.   (l) Not purchase, sell, transfer, lease, license,
guarantee, sell, mortgage, pledge, dispose of or subject to Lien any personal
or intangible property or assets, or any real property, owned by the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, except in transactions involving the payment or
receipt by the Company of less than $5 million individually and $10 million
in the aggregate.    -40-   (m) Not enter into any contract, agreement or
arrangement that provides to a Third Party a right of consent, right of
termination, call right, right of first referral or other similar right of
any kind or nature whatsoever as a result of the Transactions.   (n) Other
than as set forth on Schedule 6.1-N, not enter into or amend any employment,
severance or similar agreement or arrangement, except as contemplated by
Section 7.3(c) or any such agreements or arrangements involving payments of
less than $50,000.   (o) Other than as set forth on Schedule 6.1-O, not
adopt, become an employer with regard to, or amend any employee benefit
or post-employment benefit plan or arrangement.   (p) Not amend the
Company\'s Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws or any comparable
governance documents of its Subsidiaries.   (q) Not (i) issue or sell any
shares of its capital stock (except upon exercise of Options, as required by
Phantom Stock Rights, pursuant to Stock Purchase Agreements or upon
conversion of Company Convertible Debt) or any options, warrants or
convertible or exchangeable securities, (ii) split, combine, redeem or
reclassify, or purchase or otherwise acquire, any shares of capital stock (or
other equity interests) or other securities of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or (iii) adopt or implement a "poison pill," stockholder rights
plan or any similar device.   (r) Not materially reduce the amount or modify
the type and scope of any insurance coverage provided by existing Policies
(including, without limitation, not allowing any Policy to expire without
being replaced).   (s) Other than amending Tax Returns as described on
Schedule 5.1-O(i)(1), not make or change any material election in respect of
Taxes, adopt or change any accounting method in respect of Taxes and items
stated on its Tax Returns, file any material Tax Return (except in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practices), enter into any
closing agreement or settle any claim or assessment in respect of Taxes
involving payment of more than $5 million in Taxes (as determined on an
aggregated basis), surrender any right to claim a Tax refund in excess of $5
million (as determined on an aggregated basis) or consent to any extension or
waiver of the limitation period applicable to any claim or assessment in
respect of Taxes, or take or omit to take any other action (except (i) as
required by applicable Law with written notice of any such required action
given to Parent, (ii) the Transactions contemplated herein and (iii) the
conduct of their business as required by this Agreement) if any such action
or omission would have the effect of materially increasing the Tax liability
or reducing any Tax Asset of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, Parent or
any Affiliate of Parent.   (t) Not merge, consolidate or enter into any
other business combination with any other Person, or authorize, recommend,
propose or announce an intention to adopt a plan of complete or partial
liquidation or dissolution.   (u) Not guarantee the indebtedness of another
Person, enter into any "keep well" or other agreement to maintain any
financial statement condition of another Person or enter into any arrangement
having the economic effect of any of the foregoing or prepay,   
-41-  refinance or amend any existing indebtedness of, or make any
investments in, any other Person, except in transactions creating actual or
contingent obligations of not more than $5 million individually and $10
million in the aggregate.   (v) Not enter into any agreement or transaction
that would, or could reasonably be expected to, impede or make unfeasible the
Transactions or the consummation of the Merger Financings, other than as
permitted by Section 8.1(g).   (w) Not enter into or amend or otherwise
modify any agreement or arrangement with any Affiliates (including, but not
limited to, Lennar Corporation and its Subsidiaries) or the officers,
directors or employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries or any beneficial
owner of more than 5% of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock.  
(x) Not amend, terminate or waive compliance with the material terms of any
Material Contracts, or make (or commit to make) or enter into any agreement
or contract that, if entered into prior to the date of this Agreement, would
be a Material Contract.   (y) Not enter into any settlement or release with
respect to Actions or Proceedings in which the Company or any Subsidiary
would be required to pay more than $5 million individually and $10 million in
the aggregate.   (z) Not authorize or enter into any agreement to take any
of the actions referred to in subsections (a) through (y) above.   Section
6.2 HSR Act Filings; Competition Approvals. (a) Each of the Company and
Parent shall (and the Company shall cause its Subsidiaries to) (i) promptly
make or cause to be made the filings, if any, required of such party under
the HSR Act and any other Antitrust Laws with respect to the
Transactions (except for filings which have been made prior to the date
hereof), (ii) comply at the earliest practicable date with any request under
the HSR Act or such other Antitrust Laws for additional information,
documents, or other material received by such party or any of the Company\'s
Subsidiaries from the Federal Trade Commission or the Department of Justice
or any other Governmental Entity in respect of such filings or the
Transactions, and (iii) cooperate with the other party in connection with any
such filing and in connection with resolving any resulting investigation or
other inquiry of any such agency or other Governmental Entity under any
Antitrust Laws with respect to such filing or the Transactions. Each of the
Company, its Subsidiaries, Parent, Holdings, Acquisition and their Affiliates
shall promptly inform the other of any communication with, and any proposed
understanding, undertaking, or agreement with, any Governmental Entity
regarding any such filings or the Transactions.   (b) Each of the Company
and Parent shall (and the Company shall cause its Subsidiaries to) use all
reasonable best efforts to resolve such objections, if any, as may be
asserted by any Governmental Entity with respect to the Transactions under
the Antitrust Laws. In connection therewith, if any administrative or
judicial Action or Proceeding is instituted (or threatened to be instituted)
challenging the Transactions as violative of Antitrust Law, each of the
Company, its Subsidiaries and Parent and its subsidiaries shall cooperate and
use all reasonable best efforts vigorously to contest and resist any
such Action or Proceeding and    -42-  to have vacated, lifted,
reversed, or overturned any decree, judgment, injunction or other order,
whether temporary, preliminary or permanent, that is in effect and that
prohibits, prevents, or restricts consummation of the Transactions. Each of
the Company and Parent shall (and the Company and Parent shall cause their
respective Subsidiaries to) use all reasonable best efforts to take such
action as may be required to cause the expiration or termination of the
notice periods under the HSR Act or other Antitrust Laws with respect to
the Transactions as promptly as possible after the execution of this
Agreement.   Section 6.3 Cooperation. (a) Subject to the terms and
conditions provided herein (including Section 6.4 and Article VIII), each of
the Company, Parent, Holdings and Acquisition Sub shall, and the Company
shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, cooperate and use their reasonable
best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all appropriate action, and do,
or cause to be done, and assist and cooperate with the other parties in
doing, all things necessary, proper or advisable to satisfy the conditions
and to consummate and make effective, in the most expeditious manner
practicable, the Transactions and the Merger Financings (including the
satisfaction of the respective conditions set forth in Article VII), and to
make, or cause to be made, all filings necessary, proper or advisable under
applicable Laws, rules and regulations to consummate and make effective the
Transactions (including the provision of the Merger Financings). Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, each of the Company, Parent, and
Acquisition Sub shall, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries
to, cooperate and use their reasonable best efforts to promptly defend any
Action or Proceeding challenging this Agreement or the consummation of any of
the Transactions (including seeking to have any stay or temporary restraining
order entered by any court or other Governmental Entity vacated or reversed);
it being understood and agreed that the Company shall promptly notify Parent
of any Action or Proceeding or threatened Action or Proceeding (including any
shareholder Action or Proceeding), other than where Parent,
Holdings, Acquisition Sub or any of their respective Affiliates is the
adverse party, against the Company and/or its directors relating to the
Transactions and the Company shall give Parent the opportunity to
participate, in the defense or settlement of any such Action or Proceeding;
provided, that no settlement with respect to any such litigation shall be
agreed to without Parent\'s prior consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or
delayed).   (b) Prior to the Closing, the Company will cause its management
to cooperate with Parent and its Representatives and provide information
reasonably required by Parent and its Representatives in connection with the
Merger Financings, including the offer, sale and placement of promissory
notes (collectively, the "Debt Financing Notes") by Parent or the Surviving
Corporation or its affiliates. Such cooperation will include,
without limitation, (i) the assistance in the preparation of offering
circulars or private placement memoranda with respect to the Debt Financing
Notes, (ii) the delivery of such financial and statistical information
relating to the Company and its Subsidiaries as may be reasonably requested
in connection with the offer and sale of the Debt Financing Notes, (iii)
arranging for the Company\'s independent accountants to provide such comfort
letters, consents and other services that may be required in respect of the
offer and sale of the Debt Financing Notes and (iii) using commercially
reasonable efforts to assist in the marketing and sale of the Debt Financing
Notes and any other syndication of the Debt Financing Notes, including making
appropriate officers of the Company available, on a basis that will not
unreasonably interfere with the performance of their duties, for due   
-43-  diligence meetings and for participation in the road show and meetings
with prospective purchasers of the Debt Financing Notes.   (c) Parent will
cause Holdings to consent to the adoption of this Agreement immediately
following its execution.   Section 6.4 No Solicitation of Offers; Notice of
Proposals from Others. (a) Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries
represents that, effective May 11, 2004, each of them and their respective
Affiliates and Representatives ceased any discussions, activities or
negotiations with any Person or Persons other than Parent or Acquisition Sub
or Persons acting on their behalf that may have been ongoing at that time
with respect to any Acquisition Proposal or seeking an Acquisition Proposal
and none of them conducted any such discussions, or engaged in any such
activities or negotiations, at least until June 9, 2004.   (b) The Company
and its Subsidiaries shall not take, and shall cause their respective
Representatives not to take, any action (i) to encourage, solicit, initiate
or facilitate, directly or indirectly, the making or submission of any
Acquisition Proposal (including, without limitation, by way of furnishing
non-public information), (ii) to enter into any agreement, arrangement or
understanding with respect to any Acquisition Proposal, other than a
confidentiality agreement referred to below or in connection with,
or contemplation of, the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section
8.1(g), or to agree to approve or endorse any Acquisition Proposal other than
the Transactions or, except in connection with, or contemplation of, the
termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.1(g), to enter into any
agreement, arrangement or understanding that would require the Company to
abandon, terminate or fail to consummate the Merger and the Transactions,
(iii) to initiate or participate in any way in any discussions or
negotiations with, or furnish or disclose any information to, any Person
(other than Parent or Acquisition Sub) in furtherance of any proposal that
constitutes, or could reasonably be expected to lead to, any Acquisition
Proposal, or (iv) to grant any waiver or release under any standstill,
confidentiality or similar agreement entered into by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries or any of their Affiliates or Representatives; provided,
that prior to obtaining the approval of the Company Stockholders contemplated
by Section 3.1, in response to an unsolicited written Acquisition Proposal
(that was not made as a consequence of any violation of this Section 6.4 or
of any standstill, confidentiality or similar agreement entered into by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their Affiliates or
Representatives) and otherwise in compliance with its obligations under
Section 6.4(e), the Company may:   (1) request clarifications from, or 
furnish information to (but not enter into discussions with), any Person 
which makes an unsolicited Acquisition Proposal if (A) such action is  taken
subject to a confidentiality agreement with the Company containing  customary
terms and conditions, (B) such action is taken solely for the  purpose of
obtaining information reasonably necessary to ascertain whether  such
Acquisition Proposal is, or is reasonably likely to lead to, a  Superior
Proposal and (C) the Board of Directors of the Company or the  Special
Committee reasonably determines in good faith, after consultation  with
outside nationally recognized legal counsel (which may be the  Company\'s or
the Special Committee\'s current outside legal counsel), that  there is a
reasonable likelihood that failure to take such actions would  be
inconsistent    -44-   with the fiduciary duties of the Board of
Directors or the Special  Committee under applicable Law, or   (2)
participate in discussions with,  request clarifications from, or furnish
information to, any Person that  makes such unsolicited Acquisition Proposal
if (A) such action is taken  subject to a confidentiality agreement with the
Company containing  customary terms and conditions, (B) the Board of
Directors of the Company  or the Special Committee reasonably determines in
good faith, after  consultation with outside nationally recognized legal
counsel (which may  be the Company\'s or the Special Committee\'s current
outside legal counsel)  and financial advisors, that the transaction that is
the subject of the  Acquisition Proposal would be a Superior Proposal and (C)
the Board of  Directors of the Company or the Special Committee reasonably
determines in  good faith, after consultation with outside nationally
recognized legal  counsel (which may be the Company\'s or the Special
Committee\'s current  outside nationally recognized legal counsel), that
there is a reasonable  likelihood that failure to take such actions would be
inconsistent with  its fiduciary duties under applicable Law.  If the
Company enters into a confidentiality agreement with any Person as required
by subsection (1)(A) or subsection (2)(A) of this Section 6.4(b) and that
confidentiality agreement contains provisions that are less restrictive than
the comparable provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement, or
omits restrictive provisions contained in the Confidentiality Agreement, then
the Confidentiality Agreement shall be deemed to be automatically amended to
contain in substitution for such comparable provisions such less restrictive
provisions, or to omit such restrictive provisions, as the case may be, and
in connection with the foregoing, the Company agrees not to waive any of the
provisions in any such confidentiality agreement without waiving the similar
provisions in the Confidentiality Agreement to the same extent.   (c) The
Company shall enforce, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable Law,
the provisions of any standstill, confidentiality or similar agreement
entered into by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective
Representatives, including where necessary, seeking to obtain injunctions to
prevent any breaches of such agreements and to enforce specifically the terms
and provisions thereof in any court having jurisdiction. It is understood
that no discussions with any Person shall give rise to a violation of this
Section 6.4(c) if (i) the Company, its Subsidiaries or its Representatives,
as applicable, did not know or have reason to know that such discussion
related to an Acquisition Proposal and (ii) such discussion was immediately
ceased once the Company, its Subsidiary or Representatives, as applicable,
knew or had reason to know it related to an Acquisition Proposal.   (d)
Neither the Board of Directors of the Company nor the Special Committee shall
(i) withdraw, modify or amend, or announce that it proposes to withdraw,
modify or amend, in a manner adverse to the Transactions, the approval,
adoption or recommendation of this Agreement, (ii) approve or recommend, or
announce that it proposes to approve or recommend, any Acquisition Proposal,
(iii) cause the Company to accept any Acquisition Proposal and/or enter into
any Acquisition Agreement or (iv) resolve to do any of the
foregoing; provided, that the Board of Directors of the Company or the
Special Committee may withdraw, modify or amend its recommendation of this
Agreement prior to the time the    -45-  Company Stockholders adopt this
Agreement as contemplated by Section 3.1 if (x) the Company has complied with
its obligations under this Section 6.4, (y) the Board of Directors of the
Company or the Special Committee reasonably determines in good faith, after
consultation with outside nationally recognized legal counsel (which may be
the Company\'s or the Special Committee\'s current outside legal counsel),
that there is a reasonable likelihood that failure to take such action would
be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties under applicable Law and (z) at
least seven business days prior to taking such action (or in the case of the
action set forth in subsection 6.4(d)(iii), at least three business
days), the Board of Directors of the Company or the Special Committee shall
have advised Parent in writing that the Board of Directors or the Special
Committee intends to consider withdrawing, modifying or amending its
recommendation of this Agreement together with the specific reasons
therefore, given Parent an opportunity to appear before it at a meeting (of
which Parent will have been given at least three business days\' prior
notice) and present reasons why the Board of Directors or the Special
Committee should not withdraw, modify or amend its recommendation of this
Agreement and fully cooperated with Parent with the intent of enabling the
parties to agree to a modification of the terms and conditions of this
Agreement so that the Transactions will be on the terms such that the Board
of Directors of the Company or the Special Committee shall not be obligated
to, and shall not, withdraw, modify or amend its recommendation of this
Agreement. Any such withdrawal, modification or change shall not
include changing the approval of the Board of Directors of the Company or the
Special Committee for purposes of causing any state takeover statute or other
similar Law to be applicable to the Merger. Unless and until this Agreement
is terminated pursuant to Section 8.1(e) or 8.1(g) or otherwise, nothing
contained in this Section 6.4(d) shall affect the Company\'s obligation to
hold and convene the Special Meeting referred to in Section 3.1 and to submit
this Agreement for adoption by the Company Stockholders (regardless of
whether the recommendation of the Company Board of Directors or the Special
Committee of this Agreement shall have been withdrawn or modified).   (e)
In addition to having the obligations set forth in Section 6.4(d), the
Company shall as promptly as practicable (and in any event within 24 hours)
advise Parent of any request for information with respect to any Acquisition
Proposal or of any Acquisition Proposal, or any inquiry with respect to any
Acquisition Proposal, including the terms and conditions of such Acquisition
Proposal or inquiry (but not modifications to terms and conditions proposed
during discussions or negotiations permitted by Section 6.4(b)) and
the Company shall, within 24 hours after the receipt thereof, promptly
provide to Parent copies of any written materials received by the Company
containing any of the foregoing, and the identity of the Person making any
such Acquisition Proposal or inquiry or with whom any discussions or
negotiations are taking place. The Company shall keep Parent fully informed
as to the material details of any information requested of or provided by the
Company. The Company shall promptly provide to Parent any non-public
information concerning the Company provided to any other Person in connection
with any Acquisition Proposal or any inquiry with respect to any Acquisition
Proposal or any inquiry which was not previously provided or made available
to Parent.   (f) Nothing contained in this Section 6.4 shall prohibit
the Board of Directors of the Company or the Special Committee from (i)
making and disclosing to the Company Stockholders a position as required by
Rule 14d-9 or Rule 14e-2(a) promulgated under the Exchange Act or (ii) making
any disclosure to the Company Stockholders if the Board of   
-46-  Directors of the Company or the Special Committee determines in good
faith, after consultation with outside nationally-recognized legal counsel
(which may be the Company\'s or the Special Committee\'s current outside
legal counsel), that there is a reasonable likelihood that failure to make
such disclosure would be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties under
applicable Law.   (i) The Company shall promptly request in writing
that each Person that has heretofore executed a confidentiality agreement
in connection with its consideration of acquiring the Company or any
portion thereof return to the Company all materials containing confidential
information heretofore furnished to such Person by or on behalf of the
Company, or present the Company with reasonable evidence that those materials
have been destroyed (to the extent destruction of such materials is permitted
by such confidentiality agreement) and the Company shall use its reasonable
best efforts to have such materials returned or destroyed (to the extent
destruction of such materials is permitted by such confidentiality
agreement).   Section 6.5 Subsequent Filings. Until the Effective Time,
the Company will timely file with the SEC each Subsequent Filing required to
be filed by the Company and will promptly deliver to Parent and Acquisition
Sub copies of each such Subsequent Filing filed with the SEC. Each of the
audited consolidated financial statements and unaudited interim financial
statements (including, in each case, any related notes and schedules)
contained or to be contained in the Subsequent Filings shall (i) be prepared
from, and shall be in accordance with, the books and records of the Company
and its consolidated Subsidiaries, (ii) shall comply in all material respects
with applicable accounting requirements and with the published rules and
regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, (iii) shall be prepared in
accordance with GAAP (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and
(iv) shall fairly present the consolidated financial position and the
consolidated results of operations and cash flows of the Company and its
consolidated Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP at the dates and for the
periods covered thereby.   Section 6.6 Communication to Employees. The
Company and Parent will cooperate with each other with respect to, and
endeavor in good faith to agree in advance upon the method and content of,
all written or oral communications or disclosure to employees of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to the Transactions.   Section 6.7
Internal Reorganization. At the request of Parent, the Company will, or will
cause one or more of its Subsidiaries, prior to the Effective Time, to (i)
transfer and convey certain assets from any of its Subsidiaries to any of its
other Subsidiaries, (ii) transfer and convey all or any portion of the
capital stock or other equity interests of any Subsidiary to any of its other
Subsidiaries, (iii) merge any Subsidiary into the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, (iv) make distributions from any Subsidiary, and/or (v) create
new Subsidiaries and make contributions of assets to any such
new Subsidiaries or existing Subsidiaries (collectively, the
"Internal Reorganization"). To the extent that the capital stock of any
Subsidiary is transferred to Parent or any Subsidiary of Parent (other than
the Company and its Subsidiaries), within 30 days after the Merger Date,
Parent shall cause such transferred Subsidiary to agree to be jointly and
severally liable for the obligations of the Company and its Subsidiaries
referred to in Section 10.1.    -47-   Section 6.8 Tax Matters. The
Company shall obtain a statement (the "Statement") from each holder of an
interest in the Company (other than as a creditor) that is not comprised of
any regularly traded class of stock of the Company (a "Private Interest")
which, at the time of acquisition by such holder of such Private Interest,
had a fair market value of at least 5% of the regularly traded class of the
Company\'s stock with the lowest fair market value, as determined pursuant to
Section 897 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder. Each
Statement, dated not more than 30 days before the Effective Time, shall be
issued pursuant to Section 1445 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations
thereunder and shall include a certification as to such holder\'s non-foreign
status. The Company shall deliver the Statements to the Parent on or prior to
the Effective Time.   Article VII   CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO MERGER  
Section 7.1 Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect
the Transactions. The respective obligations of each party to this Agreement
to effect the Transactions shall be subject to the satisfaction or waiver by
both the Company and Parent (to the extent permitted by applicable Law) on or
prior to the Merger Date of each of the following conditions:   (a) This
Agreement shall have been duly adopted, and the Merger shall have been
approved, by the requisite affirmative vote of the Company Stockholders in
accordance with applicable Law, and the Company\'s Certificate of
Incorporation, as in effect, and By-Laws.   (b) Other than the filing of the
Certificate of Merger and all other filings or recordings required under the
DGCL as contemplated by Section 4.1, all authorizations, consents, orders or
approvals of, or declarations or filings with, or expirations of waiting
periods imposed by, any Governmental Entity in connection with the
Transactions, the failure of which to file, obtain or occur, individually or
in the aggregate, would (x) make the consummation of the Transactions illegal
or (y) result or be reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect,
shall have been filed, been obtained or occurred and shall not have expired
or been withdrawn; provided, that the right to assert this condition shall
not be available to a party whose material failure to fulfill any obligation
under this Agreement has been the principal cause of or resulted in the
failure of this condition to be satisfied.   (c) There shall have been no
action taken, or statute, rule, regulation, judgment or executive order
promulgated, entered, enforced, enacted, issued or deemed applicable to the
Transactions by any Governmental Entity that directly or indirectly prohibits
or makes illegal the consummation of the Transactions.   (d) There shall be
no preliminary or permanent order or injunction of a court or other
Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction precluding, restraining,
enjoining or prohibiting consummation of the Transactions.    -48-   (e)
The California Public Utilities Commission will have approved the change in
control of Valencia Water Company that will result from the Merger, if that
approval is required.   Section 7.2 Conditions to the Company\'s
Obligations. The obligations of the Company to complete the Merger are
subject to satisfaction of the following conditions (any or all of which may
be waived by the Company):   (a) The representations and warranties of
Parent and Acquisition Sub contained in this Agreement will, except as
contemplated by this Agreement, be true and correct in all respects (with
respect to representations and warranties that are qualified by materiality
or a Material Adverse Effect, disregarding any such qualification) on the
date hereof and on the Merger Date with the same effect as though made on
such dates (except that any representation and warranty that relates
expressly to a specified date or period need only to have been true and
correct with regard to the specified date or period) unless, with respect to
any failure of a representation or warranty to be true and correct as of the
date hereof and as of the Merger Date (or such particular date), such failure
together with all other failures would not result in or would not reasonably
be expected to result in, individually or in the aggregate, a material
adverse effect on the ability of Parent and Acquisition Sub to consummate the
Transactions.   (b) Parent and Acquisition Sub will have fulfilled in
all material respects all their obligations under this Agreement required to
have been fulfilled on or before the Merger Date.   (c) Each of the
Ancillary Agreements to which Parent and/or Acquisition Sub is or will be a
party shall be valid, in full force and effect, and Parent and/or Acquisition
Sub shall have complied with each Ancillary Agreement to which it is party in
all material respects.   (d) The Company shall have received a certificate
signed on behalf of Parent by an executive officer of the managing member of
Parent to the effect that the conditions provided in this Section 7.2 have
been satisfied.   Section 7.3 Conditions to Parent\'s and Acquisition
Sub\'s Obligations. The obligations of Parent and Acquisition Sub to complete
the Merger are subject to the following conditions (any or all of which may
be waived by Parent):   (a) The representations and warranties of the
Company contained in this Agreement will, except as contemplated by this
Agreement, be true and correct in all respects (with respect to
representations and warranties that are qualified by materiality or Material
Adverse Effect, disregarding any such qualifications) on the date hereof and
on the Merger Date with the same effect as though made on such dates (except
that any representation and warranty that relates expressly to a specified
date or a specified period need only to have been true and correct with
regard to the specified date or period) unless, with respect to any failure
of a representation or warranty to be true and correct as of the date hereof
and as of the Merger Date (or such particular date), such failure together
with all other failures, would not    -49-  result in or would not
reasonably be expected to result in, individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect.   (b) The Company will have fulfilled in all
material respects all its obligations under this Agreement required to have
been fulfilled on or before the Merger Date.   (c) The persons listed on
Schedule 7.3-C will have entered into employment agreements with the Company
containing the principal terms provided on Schedule 7.3-C.   (d) The
consents listed on Schedule 5.1-D, together with such consents that would
will have been listed on Schedule 5.1-D but for the Material Adverse Effect
qualification set forth therein, will have been obtained (other than those
consents not required by the lenders in connection with any bridge and
permanent financing entered into in connection with the
Transactions (including refinancings of any such bridge and permanent
financing)).   (e) Each joint venture, partnership, limited liability
company or other similar agreement to which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is a party shall be modified, consented to or amended to permit
the Company or such Subsidiary, as applicable to pledge its interests
therein, any foreclosure on such pledge and any transfer subsequent to
foreclosure, to the extent required by the lenders in connection with any
bridge and permanent financing entered into in connection with the
Transactions (including refinancings of any such bridge and permanent
financing).   (f) The Appraisal Shares shall include no more than 5% of
the Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time.   (g)
Each of the Ancillary Agreements to which the Company is or will be a party
shall be valid and in full force and effect, and the Company shall have
complied with each Ancillary Agreement to which it is a party in all material
respects.   (h) No Law shall have been issued, enacted,
enabled, promulgated or enforced by any Government Entity that would have
materially reduced the benefits of the Transactions contemplated hereby to
Parent or the Surviving Corporation in a manner that Parent, in its good
faith reasonable judgment, would not have entered into this Agreement had
such condition or requirement been known on the date hereof.   (i) There
shall not be instituted, pending or threatened in writing any Action or
Proceeding by any Governmental Entity other than any such Action or
Proceeding that does not, or could not be reasonably expected
to, individually or in the aggregate with all other Actions or Proceedings,
result in a Material Adverse Effect.   (j) There shall not have occurred
any one or more events, changes, occurrences, effects, facts, violations,
developments or circumstances having or resulting in, or that could
reasonably be expected to result in, individually or in the aggregate with
any other event change, occurrence, effect, fact, violation, development or
circumstance, a Company Material Adverse Effect.    -50-   (k) Parent
shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of the Company by the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company to the
effect that the conditions provided in this Section 7.3 have
been satisfied.   (l) All of the directors of the Company and its
Subsidiaries set forth on Schedule 7.3(l) (which shall be delivered by Parent
to the Company not later than the day on which the Special Meeting is held)
shall have delivered to Parent executed letters of resignation, effective as
of the Effective Time, from their positions as directors of the Company and
its Subsidiaries, as applicable, and such letters shall not have been
revoked.   (m) The Internal Reorganization shall have been consummated
on the terms directed by Parent and shall be effective.   (n) The fees and
expenses incurred or to be incurred by the Company and its Subsidiaries in
connection with the Transactions, including the legal fees and expenses of
the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective Board of Directors and any
Committees thereof, and the investment banking fairness opinion fees and
expenses and other financial advisory fees and expenses of the Company,
exclusive of the costs of defending any litigation arising in connection with
the Transactions, shall not exceed $25 million in the aggregate.   (o)
Parent and certain of the Company Stockholders shall have entered into a
subscription agreement pursuant to which such stockholders shall acquire
strips of common and preferred units of Parent, for the same price per common
or preferred unit as the other members of Parent, for $150 million in cash,
or through an exchange of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of
their shares of Class B Common Stock having a value of $150 million
(valued based upon the Merger Consideration) or a combination of the
foregoing; which strips of common and preferred units of Parent shall
constitute, in the aggregate, approximately 21.43% of the outstanding limited
liability company interests in Parent.   Article VIII   TERMINATION  
Section 8.1 Right to Terminate. This Agreement may be terminated at any time
prior to the Effective Time (whether or not the Company Stockholders have
adopted this Agreement):   (a) By mutual consent of the Company and
Parent.   (b) By either the Company or Parent if the Merger Date has
not occurred by May 31, 2005 (or such later date as may be agreed to by
Parent and the Company) (as the same may be extended from time to time, the
"Termination Date"), except that a party may not terminate this Agreement
because the Effective Time has not occurred by the Termination Date if the
failure of the Effective Time to occur by the Termination Date is due wholly
or partly to the failure of that party (or as to Parent, the failure either
of Parent or of Acquisition Sub) to fulfill in all material respects all of
its obligations under this Agreement.    -51-   (c) By the Company, if
there has been a breach of or failure to perform any representation,
warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of the Parent or Acquisition Sub
set forth in this Agreement, which breach or failure to perform (i) would
cause any of the conditions set forth in Section 7.1 or 7.2 not to be
satisfied, and (ii) either cannot be cured or has not been cured prior to the
earlier of (x) the fifteenth calendar day following receipt by the Parent of
written notice of such breach from the Company and (y) the Termination
Date.   (d) By Parent, if there has been a breach of or failure to perform
any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of
the Company set forth in this Agreement, which breach or failure to perform
(i) would cause any of the conditions set forth in Section 7.1 or 7.3 not to
be satisfied, and (ii) either cannot be cured or has not been cured prior to
the earlier of (x) the fifteenth calendar day following receipt by the
Company of written notice of such breach from the Parent and (y) the
Termination Date.   (e) By Parent, if (i) the Board of Directors of the
Company or the Special Committee shall have (A) withdrawn, or shall have
modified or amended in a manner adverse to the Transactions, its
recommendation of this Agreement or has resolved to take such action or (B)
approved or recommended, or announced that it proposes to approve or
recommend, or enter into any agreement with respect to, a transaction that it
has determined is a Superior Proposal, (ii) if after an Acquisition Proposal
has been made, the Board of Directors of the Company fails to affirm its
recommendation and approval of this Agreement and the Transactions within
three Business Days of any request by Parent to do so; or (iii) if a tender
offer or exchange offer constituting an Acquisition Proposal is commenced by
someone other than Parent or an Affiliate of Parent and the Company files a
Schedule 14D-9 with respect to that tender offer or exchange offer in which
the Board of Directors of the Company fails to recommend that the Company
Stockholders not tender their stock of the Company in response to the tender
offer or exchange offer.   (f) By either the Company or Parent if the
Special Meeting is held but Company Stockholders holding a majority in voting
power of the Company Common Stock fail to vote at that meeting, upon a vote
taken thereon, to approve each of this Agreement and the Merger.   (g) By
the Company, if a Superior Proposal is received by the Company and the Board
of Directors of the Company or the Special Committee reasonably determines in
good faith, after consultation with outside nationally recognized legal
counsel (which may be the Company\'s or the Special Committee\'s current
outside legal counsel), that there is a reasonable likelihood that it
is necessary to terminate this Agreement and enter into an agreement to
effect the transaction that is the subject of the Superior Proposal in order
to comply with the fiduciary duties of the Board of Directors or the Special
Committee under applicable Law; provided, that the Company may not terminate
this Agreement pursuant to this subsection (g) (i) with regard to a Superior
Proposal or a transaction that results from a violation of Section 6.4(b) or
with regard to which the Company has failed to fulfill its obligations under
Section 6.4(c) or (e), or (ii) unless and until (x) three business days have
elapsed following delivery to Parent of a written notice of such
determination by the Board of Directors of the Company or the Special
Committee and during such three business day period the Company has fully
cooperated with Parent (including informing Parent of the terms and
conditions of such    -52-  Superior Proposal and the identity of the
Person making such Superior Proposal as required by Section 6.4(e)) with the
intent of enabling the parties to agree to a modification of the terms and
conditions of this Agreement so that the Transactions will be at least as
favorable to the Company Stockholders as the transaction that is the subject
of the Superior Proposal (including, if the Superior Proposal will result in
the Company Stockholders receiving cash with regard to their shares, the
Transactions resulting in the Company Stockholders receiving at least as
great an amount of cash per share as the Merger Consideration), (y) at the
end of such three business day period, the Acquisition Proposal continues to
constitute a Superior Proposal, and the Board of Directors of the Company or
the Special Committee continues to reasonably determine in good faith, after
consultation with outside nationally recognized legal counsel (which may be
the Company or the Special Committee\'s current outside legal counsel), that
there is a reasonable likelihood that it is necessary for the Company to
terminate this Agreement and enter into an agreement to effect the Superior
Proposal in order for the Board of Directors or the Special Committee to
comply with its fiduciary duties under applicable Law and (z) (A) prior to
such termination, Parent has received Expense Reimbursement and the
Termination Fee (as those terms are defined in Section 8.4) by wire transfer
in same day funds and (B) simultaneously or substantially simultaneously with
such termination, the Company enters into a definitive acquisition, merger or
similar agreement to effect the Superior Proposal or the tender offer or
exchange offer that constitutes the Superior Proposal is commenced (if it has
not already been commenced).   Section 8.2 Manner of Terminating Agreement.
If at any time the Company or Parent has the right under Section 8.1 to
terminate this Agreement, it can terminate this Agreement by a notice to the
other of them that it is terminating this Agreement and, if the termination
is under Section 8.1(g), complying with the other requirements in that
Section.   Section 8.3 Effect of Termination. Except as provided in
Section 8.4, if this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Sections 8.1 and
8.2, this Agreement shall immediately become void after this Agreement is
terminated, and no party will have any further rights or obligations under
this Agreement; provided, that (i) the provisions of Section 9.1, the
provision relating to amendment to or waivers of confidentiality agreements
set forth in Section 6.4, this Section 8.3, Section 8.4, Article XI and the
Confidentiality Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and survive
any termination of this Agreement. Nothing contained in this Section will,
however, relieve any party of liability for any willful breach of this
Agreement which occurs before this Agreement is terminated.   Section 8.4
Fees and Expenses. (a) Except as set forth in this Section 8.4, all fees and
expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the Transactions
shall be paid by the party incurring such fees and expenses, whether or not
the Merger is consummated.   (i) If this Agreement is terminated:   (1) by
either Party at a time when Parent is  entitled to terminate this Agreement
in accordance with Section 8.1(b) and  if within 12 months after this
Agreement is terminated in accordance with  Section 8.1(b), the Company
enters into an agreement, arrangement or  understanding (including a letter
of intent) with respect to an  Acquisition Proposal, then the Company shall
pay in cash to Parent not  later than the    -53-   date on which such
Acquisition Proposal is consummated, the Expense  Reimbursement and the
Termination Fee;   (2) by the Company in accordance with Section  8.1(c),
then Parent shall pay in cash to the Company, within 10 business  days after
Parent acknowledges, or there is a final non-appealable  determination, that
the Company had a right to terminate this Agreement in  accordance with
Section 8.1(c), (x) the Expense Reimbursement, plus (y)  the damages and/or
losses incurred by the Company or its stockholders as a  result of such
termination, provided that Parent\'s exposure under this  Agreement shall not
exceed $125,000,000 in the aggregate, including the  Expense Reimbursement
("Parent Cap");   (3) by Parent in accordance with Section 8.1(d),  then
(A) Parent will be entitled to receive from the Company within 10  business
days after the Company acknowledges, or there is a final  non-appealable
determination, that Parent had a right to terminate this  Agreement in
accordance with Section 8.1(d), the greater of (x) the  Expense Reimbursement
and (y) $37.5 million, and (B) and if within 12  months after this Agreement
is terminated in accordance with Section  8.1(d) the Company enters into an
agreement, arrangement or understanding  (including a letter of intent) with
respect to an Acquisition Proposal,  then the Company shall pay in cash to
Parent not later than 10 business  days after the day on which the
Acquisition Proposal is consummated an  amount equal to the difference
between $75 million and the amount paid  pursuant to the proceeding
subsection (A);   (4) by Parent in accordance with Section 8.1(e),  then
the Company shall pay in cash to Parent, within 10 business days  after the
date on which this Agreement is terminated, the Expense  Reimbursement and
the Termination Fee;   (5) by the Company or Parent in accordance with 
8.1(f), then the Company shall pay in cash to Parent, within 10 business 
days after the date on which this Agreement is terminated, the Expense 
Reimbursement and the Termination Fee; or   (6) by the Company in accordance
with Section  8.1(g), then the Company shall pay in cash to Parent the
Expense  Reimbursement and Termination Fee as provided in that Section.  
(b) The parties acknowledge that the Termination Fee, Expense Reimbursement
and Parent Cap provided for in this Section 8.4 are an integral part of the
Transactions and not a penalty, and that, without the Termination Fee,
Expense Reimbursement and Parent Cap provided for above, neither Parent
nor Acquisition Sub nor the Company would enter into this Agreement.
Furthermore, nothing in this Section 8.4 shall be deemed to limit any
liability of any party for any breach in any material respect of any
provisions of this Agreement that remain in effect after termination of this
Agreement.    -54-   Article IX   ABSENCE OF BROKERS   Section 9.1
Representations and Warranties Regarding Brokers and Others. The Company
represents and warrants to Parent and Acquisition Sub that no Person has
acted as a broker, a finder or in any similar capacity in connection with the
Transactions, except that Greenhill and Co., Inc. acted as a financial adviser
to the Company. Parent and Acquisition Sub jointly and severally represent
and warrant to the Company that no Person has acted as a broker, a finder or
in any similar capacity in connection with the Transactions, except that
Goldman Sachs and Co., Inc. acted as a financial adviser to Parent
and Acquisition Sub. The Company will pay all the fees and other charges
of Greenhill and Co., Inc. and Parent or Acquisition Sub will pay all the fees
and other charges of Goldman Sachs and Co., Inc. The Company shall indemnify
Parent and Acquisition Sub, and Parent and Acquisition Sub shall jointly and
severally indemnify the Company, against, and each of them agrees to hold the
other of them harmless from, all losses, liabilities and expenses (including,
but not limited to, reasonable fees and expenses of counsel and costs of
investigation) incurred as a result of any claim by anyone for compensation
as a broker, a finder or in any similar capacity by reason of services
allegedly rendered to the indemnifying party in connection with the
Transactions.   Article X   OTHER AGREEMENTS   Section 10.1
Indemnification for Prior Acts. The Surviving Corporation will not, and will
cause its Subsidiaries not to, amend or modify for at least six years after
the date of this Agreement, any obligations of the Company or its
Subsidiaries to indemnify current and former directors, officers or employees
of the Company or its Subsidiaries (each an "Indemnified Party") with respect
to matters which occur at or prior to the Effective Time. The Surviving
Corporation will maintain in effect for not less than six years
after Effective Time, with respect to occurrences prior to the Effective
Time, indemnification policies of directors and officers\' liability
insurance which are no less favorable than the Company\'s policies in effect
on the date of this Agreement (true and complete copies of which have been
previously provided or made available to Parent), or obtain a prepaid
insurance and indemnification policy covering such period, to the extent that
insurance is available at an aggregate annual cost not exceeding 150% of the
cost of that insurance for the policy year that includes the date of this
Agreement.   Section 10.2 Benefit of Provisions. The provisions of Section
10.1 are intended to be for the benefit of, and will be enforceable by,
the respective current and former directors, officers and employees of the
Company or its Subsidiaries to which they relate and their heirs and
Representatives.    -55-   Article XI   GENERAL   Section 11.1
Expenses. Except as provided in Section 8.4, the Company, Parent and
Acquisition Sub will each pay its own expenses in connection with the
Transactions, including legal fees and disbursements.   Section 11.2
Transfer Taxes. All transfer Taxes incurred in connection with the Merger
will be borne by the Surviving Corporation and the Surviving Corporation
shall, at its sole expense, file all necessary Tax Returns with respect to
all such transfer Taxes.   Section 11.3 Access to Properties, Books and
Records. From the date of this Agreement until the earlier of the Effective
Time or the time this Agreement is terminated in accordance with Article
VIII, the Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, give
Representatives of Parent, Holdings and Acquisition Sub, and of any potential
lenders or other sources of financing to Parent, Holdings and Acquisition Sub
for the Transactions or financing for the Surviving Corporation after the
Merger, full access during normal business hours to all of their respective
properties, contracts, commitments, books and records and during such period
shall furnish promptly to Parent and its Representatives any information
concerning the Company and its Subsidiaries as Parent may reasonably request.
Parent shall have the right to conduct environmental site assessments of any
such properties at its own cost and expense by one or more of its engineering
or environmental Representatives. Until the Effective Time, Parent and
Acquisition Sub each will, and will cause its Representatives to, hold all
information it receives as a result of its access to the properties, books
and records of the Company or its Subsidiaries in confidence, and not use
that information for any purpose other than with regard to the Transactions,
except to the extent that information (i) is or becomes available to the
public (other than through a breach of this Agreement), (ii) becomes
available to Parent or Acquisition Sub from a Third Party which, insofar as
Parent or Acquisition Sub is aware, is not under an obligation to
the Company, or to a Subsidiary of the Company, to keep the
information confidential, (iii) was known to Parent or Acquisition Sub before
it was made available to Parent or Acquisition Sub or its Representative by
the Company or a Subsidiary or (iv) otherwise is independently developed by
Parent or Acquisition Sub. If this Agreement is terminated before the
Effective Time, Parent and Acquisition Sub each will, at the request of the
Company, deliver to the Company all documents and other material obtained by
Parent or Acquisition Sub from the Company or a Subsidiary in connection with
the Transactions or evidence that that material has been destroyed by Parent
or Acquisition Sub.   Section 11.4 Press Releases. The Company and Parent
will consult with each other before issuing any press releases or otherwise
making any public statements with respect to this Agreement, but nothing in
this Section will prevent any party or any Affiliate of any party from making
any statement or announcement when and as required by Law or by the rules of
any securities exchange or securities quotation or trading system on which
securities of that party or an Affiliate are listed, quoted or traded.  
Section 11.5 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the Ancillary Agreements and
the documents to be delivered in accordance with this Agreement, and the
Confidentiality    -56-  Agreement, contain the entire agreement among
the Company, Parent and Acquisition Sub relating to the Transactions. All
prior negotiations, understandings and agreements between the Company and
either Parent or Acquisition Sub are superseded by this Agreement and those
other documents, and there are no representations, warranties, understandings
or agreements concerning the Transactions other than those expressly set
forth in this Agreement or those other documents.   Section 11.6 Benefit of
Agreement. This Agreement is for the benefit of the parties to it, their
respective successors and any permitted assigns. Except as stated in Section
10.2, this Agreement is not intended to be for the benefit of, or to give any
rights to, anybody other than the parties, their respective successors and
any permitted assigns.   Section 11.7 Effect of Disclosures. Any information
disclosed by a party in connection with any representation and warranty
contained in this Agreement (including any exhibit or schedule to this
Agreement) will be treated as having been disclosed in connection with each
representation and warranty made by that party in this Agreement.   Section
11.8 Captions. The captions of the articles and  -------- sections of this
Agreement are for convenience only, and do not affect the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement.   Section 11.9 Assignments. Neither this
Agreement nor any  ----------- right of any party under it may be assigned
without the written consent of the other parties to the Agreement.  
Section 11.10 Notices and Other Communications. Any notice or
other communication under this Agreement must be in writing and will be
deemed given (i) on the business day (or if not on a business day, on the
next business day) when it is delivered in person or sent by facsimile or
email (with proof of receipt at the facsimile number or email address to
which it is required to be sent), (ii) on the business day after the day on
which it is delivered to a major nationwide overnight delivery service for
overnight delivery, or (iii) on the third business day after the day on which
it is mailed by first class mail from within the United States of America, to
the following addresses (or such other address as may be specified after the
date of this Agreement by the party to which the notice or communication is
sent):  If to the Company, to:   LNR Property Corporation  1601
Washington Avenue  Miami Beach, Florida 33139  Attention: General Counsel 
Facsimile: 305-697-5719  Email: zdickstein@lnrproperty.com    -57-  with
a copy to:   David W. Bernstein  Clifford Chance US LLP  31 W. 52nd
Street  New York, New York 10019  Facsimile: 212-878-8375  Email:
david.bernstein@cliffordchance.com   If to Parent or Acquisition Sub:  
c/o Cerberus Capital Management, L.P.  299 Park Avenue  New York, New York
10171  Attention: Mark Neporent  Facsimile: 212-891-1546  Email:
mneporent@cerberuscapital.com  and  Attention: Ronald Kravit  Facsimile:
212-909-1400  Email: rkravit@blackacrecapital.com  with a copy to:  Andre
Weiss Schulte Roth and Zabel LLP 919 Third Avenue New York, New York
10022 Facsimile: 212-593-5955 Email: andre.weiss@srz.com   Section 11.11
Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by, and construed under, the
Law of the State of Delaware, without regard to conflicts of Laws principles
that would apply the Laws of any other jurisdictions.   Section 11.12
Amendments. This Agreement may be amended by, but only by, a document in
writing signed by both the Company and Parent, whether before or after the
Company Stockholders have adopted this Agreement, provided, however, that
after the Company Stockholders have adopted this Agreement, no amendment
which under applicable law requires further approval of the
Company Stockholders may be made without obtaining such further approval.  
Section 11.13 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, some of which may be signed by fewer than all the parties
or may contain facsimile    -58-  copies of pages signed by some of the
parties. Each of those counterparts will be deemed to be an original copy of
this Agreement, but all of them together will constitute one and the same
agreement.   Section 11.14 Consent to Jurisdiction. Each party hereby
irrevocably and unconditionally (a) agrees that any Action or Proceeding, at
Law or equity, arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Merger or
any other Transactions shall only be brought in the Court of Chancery of the
State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware
lacks jurisdiction, then in the applicable Delaware state court), or if
under applicable Law exclusive jurisdiction of such Action or Proceeding is
vested in the federal courts, then the United States District Court for the
District of Delaware, (b) expressly submits to the personal jurisdiction and
venue of such courts for the purposes thereof and (c) waives and agrees not
to raise (by way of motion, as a defense or otherwise) any and all
jurisdictional, venue and convenience objections or defenses that such party
may have in such Action or Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably and
unconditionally consents to the service of process of any of the
aforementioned courts. Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to affect the
right of any party to serve process in any manner permitted by Law or
commence legal proceedings or otherwise proceed against any other party in
any other jurisdiction to enforce judgments obtained in any Action or
Proceeding brought pursuant to this Section 11.14.   Section 11.15 Remedies;
Specific Performance. The parties acknowledge that money damages would not be
an adequate remedy at Law if the Company fails to perform in any material
respect any of its obligations hereunder and accordingly agree that Parent
and the Acquisition Sub, in addition to any other remedy to which it may be
entitled at Law or in equity shall be entitled to seek to compel specific
performance of the obligations of the Company under this Agreement, without
the posting of any bond, in accordance with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, and if any action should be brought in equity to enforce any of
the provisions of this Agreement, none of the parties hereto shall raise the
defense that there is an adequate remedy at Law. Except as set forth in
Section 8.3, no remedy shall be exclusive of any other remedy and all
available remedies shall be cumulative.   Section 11.16 Waiver of Jury
Trial. EACH OF PARENT, ACQUISITION AND THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES
ALL RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM
(WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO
THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THE ACTIONS OF
PARENT, ACQUISITION OR THE COMPANY IN THE NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION,
PERFORMANCE AND ENFORCEMENT OF THIS AGREEMENT.   Section 11.17 Schedules (a)
The Company shall give notice to Parent as soon as practicable upon becoming
aware of any event, circumstance, condition, fact, effect, or other matter
that resulted in, or that would be reasonably likely to result in, (i) any
representation or warranty set forth in Section 5.1 being or becoming untrue
or inaccurate in any material respect as of any date on or after the date
hereof (as if then made, except to the extent such representation or warranty
is expressly made only as of a specific date, in which case as of such date),
(ii) the failure by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to comply with or
satisfy in any material respect any covenant, condition or agreement to be
complied with or satisfied by the    -59-  Company and its Subsidiaries
under this Agreement or (iii) any change, effect, event, occurrence, state of
facts or development of which it becomes aware that would result in or would
reasonably be expected to result in, individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect, and shall promptly update the applicable Schedule
set forth herein; provided, however, that no such notification shall affect
or cure a breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or
agreements of the parties or the conditions to the obligations of the parties
under this Agreement.   (b) Parent shall give written notice to the Company
as soon as practicable upon becoming aware of any event, circumstance,
condition, fact, effect, or other matter that has resulted in, or that would
reasonably be likely to result in, (i) any representation or warranty set
forth in Section 5.2 being or becoming untrue or inaccurate in any material
respect with respect to Parent or Acquisition Sub as of any date on or after
the date hereof (as if then made, except to the extent such representation or
warranty is expressly made only as of a specific date, in which case as of
such date), (ii) the failure by Parent or Acquisition Sub to comply with or
satisfy in any material respect any covenant, condition or agreement to be
complied with or satisfied by Parent or Acquisition Sub under this Agreement,
or (iii) any change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or development
of which Parent becomes aware that would result in or would reasonably be
expected to result in, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse
effect on the ability of Parent and Acquisition Sub to consummate the
Transactions; provided, however, that no such notification shall affect or
cure a breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or
agreements of the parties or the conditions to the obligations of the parties
under this Agreement.    -60-   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company, Parent
and Acquisition Sub have executed this Agreement, intending to be legally
bound by it, on the day shown on the first page of this Agreement.   LNR
PROPERTY CORPORATION   /S/ Stuart A. Miller 
By:_________________________________  Name: Stuart A. Miller  Title:
Chairman of the Board   RILEY PROPERTY HOLDINGS LLC   /S/ Ronald Kravit 
By:_________________________________  Name: Ronald Kravit  Title: Managing
Director   RILEY ACQUISITION SUB CORP.   /S/ George Kollitides 
By:_________________________________  Name: George Kollitides  Title: Vice
President    '

