 ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED AS OF MAY 17,
2004; IBM SINGAPORE PTE LTD.     EXHIBIT 2.1  EXECUTION COPY   ASSET
PURCHASE AGREEMENT   THIS ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this "AGREEMENT"), dated
as of May 17, 2004, by and among Amkor Technology Singapore Pte. Ltd., a
Singapore corporation ("BUYER"), and IBM Singapore Pte Ltd, a Singapore
corporation ("SELLER"; "IBM").   W I T N E S S E T H:   WHEREAS, Seller
wishes to sell certain semiconductor module test assets; and   WHEREAS,
Buyer wishes to purchase from Seller, and Seller wishes to sell to Buyer, the
Transferred Assets (as defined below) for the purchase price and subject to
the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth; and   NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the premises set forth above and the respective covenants,
agreements, representations and warranties hereinafter set forth, Buyer and
Seller hereby agree as follows:   DEFINITIONS.   CERTAIN DEFINITIONS. As
used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings specified
below:   "AFFILIATE" shall mean, as to any Person, any other Person or
entity that is controlling, controlled by or under common control with such
Person or entity.   "ALLOCATION STATEMENTS" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 3.1.  "ASSUMED LIABILITIES" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 1.4.   "ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT" shall mean the Assignment
and Assumption Agreement in the form set out in Exhibit A to be entered into
by the Parties on the Closing Date and by which Buyer assumes the Assumed
Liabilities.   "BUSINESS DAY" shall mean a day (other than Saturday or
Sunday or a gazetted public holiday in Singapore and New York) on which
commercial banks are open for business in Singapore and New York.  
"BURDENSOME CONDITION" shall mean any action taken, or credibly threatened,
by or before any Governmental Authority or other Person to challenge the
legality of the transactions contemplated by the Operative Agreements or that
would otherwise deprive a Party of the material benefit of any
such transaction, including (i) the pendency of an investigation by a
Governmental Authority (formal or informal), (ii) the institution of any
litigation, or threat thereof, (iii) an order by a Governmental Authority of
competent jurisdiction preventing consummation of the transactions
contemplated by   1    EXECUTION COPY  the Operative Agreements or
placing material conditions or limitations upon such consummation, or (iv)
the issuance of any subpoena, civil investigative demand or other request for
documents or information relating to such transactions that is unreasonably
burdensome in the reasonable judgment of the applicable Person.   "CONTRACT"
shall mean any written and signed agreement, contract, commitment,
instrument, document, certificate or other written and signed binding
arrangement or understanding (each, including all amendments thereto).  
"CLOSING" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.   "CLOSING DATE"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.   "CLOSING STATEMENT" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3.   "CODE" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 3.1.   "CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT" shall mean the
confidentiality agreement between Amkor Technology, Inc. and International
Business Machines Corporation, dated October 17,2003.   "DATE OF EXECUTION"
shall mean the date this Agreement and the other Operative Agreements
identified for signature on that date are signed.   "DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE"
shall have the meaning set forth in Article VI hereto.  "EMPLOYEES" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 4.2.   "EXCLUDED ASSETS" shall mean
(i) such items of tangible personal property as are listed on the sub-
schedules to Schedule 1.2, subject to the Closing Statement adjustments
described in Section 2.3, as the same may be depleted or augmented prior to
the Closing Date while being managed in the ordinary course of business,(ii)
all Contracts among Seller and/or its Affiliates, (iii) all customer
Contracts (other than customer Contracts, if any, which form part of the
Assumed Liabilities), (iv) all software and intangible property (other than
any software transferred pursuant to Section 4.3), (v) all interests of
Seller in real property, (vi) all accounts receivable in respect of goods or
services to the extent shipped or provided by Seller or Seller\'s Affiliates,
directly or indirectly, prior to the end of the Closing Date, and (vii) such
tangible personal property that is deemed to be an Excluded Asset pursuant to
the procedure set forth in Section 1.2A.   "FIXED TERM HIRES" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 4.2.   "GOVERNMENTAL ACTIONS" shall mean any
authorizations, consents, approvals, waivers, exceptions, variances,
franchises, permissions, permits, and licenses of, and filings and
declarations with, Governmental Authorities.   2    EXECUTION COPY  
1.2. EXCLUDED ASSETS. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
this Agreement, the Excluded Assets will be retained by Seller and are
excluded from the Transferred Assets. All intellectual property matters are
addressed exclusively in the Intellectual Property Agreements, and no
intellectual property matters are included in the subject matter of this
Agreement, other than the shrink-wrap and other software as set forth in
Section 4.3.   1.2A. OTHER TANGIBLE PERSONAL PROPERTY; CONTRACTS. If, within
fifteen (15) months after the Closing Date, the Parties discover tangible
personal property at the Premises that is not contained on Schedule 1.1 or
Schedule 1.2, respectively or mutually determine that certain material
Contracts (other than any Contracts regarding intellectual property matters)
were mistakenly omitted from Schedule 1.4 (and such tangible personal
property or material Contracts do not otherwise constitute Excluded Assets or
Assumed Liabilities, respectively), then the Parties shall work in good faith
to resolve such omission. With respect to tangible personal property, if the
Parties cannot resolve such matter, it shall be resolved as follows: (1) If,
prior to the Closing Date, such property was primarily utilized by the module
test activities at the Premises, then such property shall be a Transferred
Asset; and (2) If, prior to the Closing Date, such property was not primarily
utilized by the module test activities at the Premises, then such property
shall be an Excluded Asset. Following the date that is fifteen (15) months
after the Closing Date, any tangible personal property not contained on
Schedule 1.1 or Schedule 1.2, or allocated as described in the preceding
sentence, shall be assumed to be a Transferred Asset if in the possession of
Buyer and an Excluded Asset if in possession of Seller.   1.3.
CONSIDERATION, (a) The Purchase Price to be paid by Buyer to Seller for the
Transferred Assets and the Assumed Liabilities (the "PURCHASE PRICE") shall
be twenty-three million United States Dollars (US$23,000,000). Therefore, on
or before November 30, 2004, Buyer shall pay to Seller such amount
by electronic funds transfer, in immediately available funds in U.S. Dollars,
to the following account:   Account : IBM Singapore Pte Ltd  Bank :
Citibank N.A., Singapore  Account # : 0-011237-053  SWIFT : CITISGSG  Bank
Address : 3 Temasek Avenue  #14-00 Centennial Tower  Singapore 039190  
1.4. ASSUMED LIABILITIES. Upon the terms and subject to the
conditions hereof, as of the Closing, Seller or Seller\'s Affiliates, if
applicable, will assign and transfer to Buyer, and Buyer will assume the
commitments, liabilities and obligations of Seller listed on Schedule 1.4,
(together the "ASSUMED LIABILITIES") including listed Contracts and the
liabilities set forth on Schedules 1.4 A and 1.4.B pursuant to an Assumption
Agreement in the form attached as Exhibit A. Unless described on Schedule
1.4B, Buyer is not assuming and undertaking, and Seller shall remain liable
for, any obligations or liabilities of Seller, contingent or otherwise,
whenever asserted, relating to periods on or prior to   5    EXECUTION
COPY  the Closing Date, or work performed during such periods and such
obligations and liabilities are specifically excluded from the Assumed
Liabilities. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except for the
Assumed Liabilities or as provided in the Operative Agreements, Buyer is not
assuming or undertaking any obligations or liabilities of Seller to any
assets or Contracts which are not included in the Transferred Assets or the
Assumed Liabilities. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Assumed
Liabilities do not include Excluded Assets or any obligations or liabilities
relating to or in respect of any Excluded Assets. In addition, except as set
forth in the Operative Agreements, Buyer shall not assume any liabilities of
Seller whether accrued, absolute or contingent, recorded or unrecorded or
otherwise, and the Seller shall be responsible for, all accounts due and
payable, accrued expenses, and taxes that relate to the period on or prior to
the Closing Date, including, but not limited to the foregoing and all
liabilities and obligations of Seller with respect to current or former
employees, directors and independent contractors of Seller on or prior to the
Closing Date.   ARTICLE II. CLOSING.   2.1. CLOSING DATE. Subject to the
conditions set forth in Articles VII and VIII, the closing of the transaction
provided for in this Agreement (the "CLOSING") shall take place at the East
Fishkill offices of Seller\'s Affiliate, International Business Machines
Corporation, within five (5) Business Days after the satisfaction or waiver
of the conditions set forth in Articles VII and VIII occurs, or at such other
time or on such other day as may be agreed by Seller and Buyer (the "CLOSING
DATE"). The Parties intend that the Closing Date be on or before May 31,
2004. All transactions provided for herein are to occur on and as of the
Closing Date and shall be deemed to have occurred simultaneously and the
Closing shall be deemed complete at 11:59:59 pm Singapore time on the Closing
Date. In the event that Closing shall not take place due to any failure to
satisfy any or all the conditions precedent mentioned in Article VII
or Article VIII, this Agreement shall ipso facto cease and all parties hereto
shall have no claims against each other.   2.2. CLOSING. (a) On Closing,
Seller shall (i) make the Transferred Assets available to Buyer at the
Premises and (ii) execute such conveyances, transfers, assignments, and
documents of title that are listed and attached as Schedule 2.2(a)l or as the
Parties may otherwise agree and such consents and licenses that are listed
and attached as Schedule 2.2(a)2 or as the Parties may otherwise agree. Title
to the Transferred Assets shall pass to Buyer and Buyer\'s assumption of the
Assumed Liabilities shall occur at the Closing;   (b) At 11:59:59 pm
Singapore time on the Closing Date, and to the extent that they are
transferable by Seller, Seller hereby assigns any and all manufacturer\'s
warranties, conditions, guarantees or indemnities relating to the Transferred
Assets, provided that such warranties, conditions, guarantees or indemnities
are transferable hereunder without further expenditure by Seller and without
additional assistance by Seller. For the avoidance of doubt, no such transfer
shall constitute a transfer of any of   6    EXECUTION COPY  Seller\'s
obligations or liabilities under any relevant Seller Contracts unless such
Seller Contracts are Assumed Liabilities.   2.3. CLOSING STATEMENT. At the
Closing, Seller will prepare and deliver to Buyer a closing statement for the
physical assets that constitute the Transferred Assets (the "CLOSING
STATEMENT"), as of the Closing Date. The purpose of the Closing Statement is
to correctly reflect any changes in the listing of the physical assets that
constitute the Transferred Assets, between the Date of Execution and the
Closing which occurred in the ordinary course of business. The Closing
Statement shall become final and binding upon the Parties unless Buyer gives
written notice of its disagreement of such items included on or excluded from
the Closing Statement within fifteen (15) days following Buyer\'s receipt of
the Closing Statement. Any such notice shall specify in reasonable detail the
nature of any disagreement so asserted.   ARTICLE III. TAX MATTERS.   3.1.
ALLOCATION OF PURCHASE PRICE. Within thirty (30) days of the Closing Date,
Buyer shall prepare an allocation of the Purchase Price, allocating the total
of the Purchase Price (and other payments properly treated as
additional Purchase Price for Tax purposes) to the different Transferred
Assets and the Assumed Liabilities pursuant to Section 1060 of the United
States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the United States
Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder (hereinafter, the "CODE") (the
"ALLOCATION STATEMENTS") and provide Seller with the Allocation Statements
and all supporting documentation for Seller\'s review and consent, which will
not be unreasonably withheld.   Buyer and Seller shall each file all
income, franchise and other Tax Returns (as defined below), and execute such
other documents as may be required by any Governmental Authority, in a manner
consistent with the Allocation Statements. Buyer shall prepare the Form 8594
under Section 1060 of the Code based on the Allocation Statements and deliver
such form and all documentation used in the preparation and support of such
Allocation Statements and form (including, but not limited to, appraisals) to
the Seller within 30 days after finalizing of the Allocation Statements. The
Buyer and the Seller agree to file such form with each relevant taxing
authority and to refrain from taking any position inconsistent with such form
or Allocation Statements.   3.2. FILING OF RETURNS AND PAYMENT OF TAXES.
Seller shall prepare and file, or cause to be prepared and filed, with the
appropriate authorities all Tax returns, reports and forms (herein "TAX
RETURNS") and shall pay, or cause to be paid, when due all Taxes relating to
the Transferred Assets and the Assumed Liabilities attributable to any
taxable period which ends on or prior to the Closing Date (herein "PRE-
CLOSING TAX PERIOD"). Buyer shall prepare and file, or cause to be prepared
and filed, with the appropriate authorities all Tax Returns, and shall pay,
or cause to be paid, when due all Taxes relating to the Transferred Assets
and the Assumed Liabilities attributable to taxable periods which are not
part of the Pre-Closing Tax Period. If, in order to properly prepare its Tax
Returns required to be filed with Governmental Authorities, it is necessary
that a party be   7    EXECUTION COPY  furnished with additional
information, documents or records relating to the Transferred Assets and the
Assumed Liabilities, both Seller and Buyer agree to use reasonable efforts to
furnish or make available such existing, non-privileged information at the
recipient\'s request, cost and expense provided, however, that no party shall
be entitled to review or examine the Tax Returns of any other party.  For
purposes of this Section 3.2, in the case of any Taxable period that includes
(but does not end on) the Closing Date (a "STRADDLE PERIOD"), the Taxes for
the Pre-Closing Tax Period shall be computed as if the Pre-Closing Tax Period
ended as of the close of business on the Closing Date and the amount of Taxes
for taxable periods that are not part of the Pre-Closing Tax Period shall be
the excess, if any, of (x) the Taxes for the Straddle Period over (y)
the Taxes for the Pre-Closing Tax Period.   3.3. REFUNDS AND CREDITS. Any
refunds and credits attributable to the Pre- Closing Tax Period shall be for
the account of the Seller.   3.4. TRANSFER TAXES. All transfer, documentary,
sales, use, registration, value- added, stamp duty, goods and services, real
estate transfer, and any similar taxes and related fees (including interest,
penalties and additions to tax) incurred in connection with this Agreement,
the other Operative Agreements and the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby shall be borne by Buyer, in addition to the consideration provided
for in Section 1.3. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Buyer and
Seller shall cooperate with each other to obtain exemptions from such taxes,
provided that neither party shall be obligated to seek any exemption that
could reasonably be expected to result in any governmental audit of its books
and records.   3.5. TAX DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Agreement, "TAX"
or "TAXES" shall mean all taxes, imposts, duties, withholdings, charges,
fees, levies, or other assessments imposed by any governmental or taxing
authority, whether domestic or foreign, (including but not limited to,
income, excise, property, sales, use, transfer, conveyance, payroll or other
employment related tax, license, registration, ad valorem, value added,
withholding, social security, national insurance (or other similar
contributions or payments), franchise, estimated severance, stamp taxes,
taxes based upon or measured by capital stock, net worth or gross receipts
and other taxes) together with all interest, fines, penalties and additions
attributable to or imposed with respect to such amounts and any obligations
under any agreement or arrangements with any Person with respect to such
amounts.   ARTICLE IV ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS.   4.1. CONSENTS, NOVATIONS
AND SUBCONTRACTED WORK. Buyer and Seller shall use reasonable efforts to
obtain, as soon as practicable, all requisite consents to transfers,
assignments and novations, as the case may be, of all of the Transferred
Assets and the Assumed Liabilities. Buyer shall cooperate with Seller
(including, where necessary, entering into appropriate instruments
of assumption as shall be agreed upon) to have Seller released from all
liability (other than any liabilities arising prior to the Closing  
8    EXECUTION COPY  Date) to third parties with respect to the Assumed
Liabilities, and the Parties will each solicit such releases concurrently, in
a manner acceptable to the Parties, with the solicitation of consents from
third parties to the transfer, assignment and novation of the Transferred
Assets and the Assumed Liabilities; provided, that neither Party shall be
required to grant any additional consideration to any third party in order to
obtain any such consent, novation, assumption or release. With respect to any
Assumed Liabilities for which Seller has any secondary liability to third
parties, Buyer shall provide Seller reasonable access and information in
order for Seller to ascertain continuing compliance by Buyer with all
contract terms and conditions applicable thereto. The material consents to
assignments or novations identified by the Parties as of the Date of
Execution, if any, are listed on Schedule 4.1. If any such required consents
and novations cannot be secured without the incurring of any significant
additional costs, where additional action is deemed necessary by the Parties,
the Parties hereby agree to proceed with respect to the underlying rights and
obligations as shall permit Buyer to perform the obligations of Seller
thereunder, as a subcontractor or otherwise, and Buyer to obtain the benefit
thereof and to the use of the Transferred Assets (the "SUBCONTRACTED WORK");
and until the requisite consents and novations are obtained, such obligations
will not be deemed to be included in the Assumed Liabilities and nothing
contained herein will be deemed to constitute a breach of the
contract underlying such rights and obligations. Buyer agrees to diligently
perform and discharge the obligations of Seller in connection with the
Subcontracted Work directly, or indirectly through Seller, as applicable; and
to the extent that consents to assignment and novation are obtained after the
Closing, the Parties agree that such obligations will no longer be considered
to be Subcontracted Work at such time, but will instead be deemed to be
Assumed Liabilities for all purposes of this Agreement.   4.2. EMPLOYEES
AND EMPLOYEE BENEFITS, (a) Schedule 4.2.(a)(l) contains a list of the regular
employees employed by Seller as of the date hereof in connection with the
Transferred Assets (including active employees and employees who are on leave
of absence or sick leave) (the "REGULAR EMPLOYEES") and Schedule 4.2.(a)(2)
contains a list of the fixed term hires temporarily employed by Seller as of
the date hereof in connection with the Transferred Assets (the "FIXED TERM
HIRES", and together with the Regular Employees, the "EMPLOYEES"). These
schedules will be updated immediately prior to the Closing to reflect changes
in that population occurring in the ordinary course between the Date
of Execution and the Closing. Buyer shall make employment offers to the
Regular Employees in accordance with section 4.2(b). The Regular Employees
who shall have received employment offers from Buyer and who begin their
employment with Buyer shall be employed by Buyer in accordance with the terms
and conditions set forth in subsections 4.2(b), 4.2(c), 4.2(d) and 4.2(e)
below. Fixed Term Hires who receive employment offers from Buyer and who
begin their employment with Buyer shall be employed by Buyer in accordance
with the terms and conditions set forth in subsection 4.2(h) below.   (b)
Effective upon the Closing, Buyer agrees that it will employ the Regular
Employees in the same positions and at the same salaries and variable pay
earnings opportunity and substantially the same terms and
conditions, including benefit plans, as   9    EXECUTION COPY  those
in effect immediately prior to the Closing. In addition, Buyer shall
grant stock options to Employees in amounts that Buyer and Seller deem
commercially reasonable. Prior periods of employment with the Seller (herein
"SERVICE CREDIT") will be considered as employment with the Buyer for all
employment purposes with the Buyer including the calculation of severance
pay, seniority and benefits eligibility. Vacation service credit with the
Seller will be counted as vacation service credit with the Buyer. Buyer has
summarized its planned employment terms and benefit plans for the Regular
Employees in Schedule 4.2(b). Buyer shall implement the following severance
pay practice for the Regular Employees: if, within the first twelve (12)
months after Closing, a Regular Employee is involuntarily severed without
cause from full time employment with Buyer, such Regular Employee shall
receive from Buyer one (1) month of severance pay for each one (1) year of
service, provided that the Regular Employee has three (3) or more years
service, with a maximum of six (6) month\'s severance pay. Regular Employees
with less than three (3) years of service, shall receive from Buyer a flat
severance payment of (2) weeks of base salary. As applicable, each month of
severance pay will be an amount equal to the Regular Employee\'s monthly base
salary and each week of severance pay will be an amount equal to the Regular
Employee\'s weekly base salary. For one year from the Closing Date, Buyer
agrees that it will not change this severance pay practice as applied to the
Regular Employees. Buyer agrees to use reasonable efforts to obtain a general
release from such severed Regular Employees which includes Seller and its
Subsidiaries and Affiliates, as a condition of such severance pay. Nothing
contained in this Agreement shall be construed to in any way limit or prevent
Buyer from terminating any Regular Employee at any time for cause or for
reasons related to poor performance or conditions of employment. For the
purposes of this paragraph, "CAUSE" shall mean the determinations of
the applicable courts, under the applicable common law and statutes, as
\'cause\' in such employment termination cases.   (c) Seller shall be
responsible for all liabilities, salaries, employer benefit plan
contributions and similar employer obligations for the pre-Closing period for
all Employees. Buyer shall be responsible as of Closing for all liabilities,
salaries, employer benefit plan contributions and similar
employer obligations for the post-Closing period for all Regular Employees.
Upon separation from Seller, Employees will be paid by Seller for vacation
accrued, plus previously deferred vacation, less vacation taken.   (d)
Buyer shall be responsible for liabilities with respect to the termination of
any Regular Employees by Buyer after the Closing, including without
limitation, health care continuation coverage with respect to
plans established or maintained by Buyer after the Closing, and damages or
settlements arising out of any claims of wrongful or illegal termination, and
for complying with the requirements of all applicable laws with respect to
any such termination.   (e) Buyer agrees that, for a period of two years
from the Closing Date, it will not, directly or indirectly, solicit for
employment any employee, other than Employees, of Seller in Singapore or with
whom Buyer had contact in connection with this transaction (so long as such
person is employed by Seller).   10    EXECUTION COPY   (f) Seller
agrees that, for a period of two years from the Closing Date, it will not,
directly or indirectly, solicit for employment any employee listed on
Schedule 4.2(a)(l) and Schedule 4.2 (a)(2) (so long as such person
is employed by Buyer).   (g) Nothing in Section 4.2 (e) or Section 4.2(f)
above shall restrict general solicitations for employment or the right of any
employee of one Party, on that employee\'s own initiative or in response to
general solicitations, to seek employment from the other Party.   (h)
Effective upon the Closing, Buyer will employ each Fixed Term Hire as either
a temporary or regular employee of Buyer, or will enter into a
contractor relationship with any such Fixed Term Hire, in each instance as
Buyer may determine in its own discretion. The terms and conditions of any
such relationship between Buyer and a Fixed Term Hire shall be as determined
by Buyer. Prior periods of a Fixed Term Hire\'s employment with Seller will
not be considered as employment with Buyer for any purpose. Buyer shall have
no responsibility for any liabilities, salaries, benefits, or similar
employer obligations accruing to the Fixed Term Hires as a result of their
employment with Seller. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be
construed in any way to limit or prevent Buyer from terminating any Fixed
Term Hire at any time for any reason.   (i) For ninety (90) days from the
Date of Execution, Seller shall, to the extent it deems commercially
reasonable, assist Buyer in making applications for work permits or
employment passes for Employees, including providing any information
reasonably requested by Buyer or any relevant government or
other authorities.   (j) After the Closing, Seller shall, to the extent
permitted by applicable law and subject to any confidentiality obligations,
provide to the Buyer such information regarding the Employees that is
contained in the Seller\'s records and is relevant to the period of
Employees\' employment with Seller.   4.3. SHRINK-WRAP AND OTHER SOFTWARE.
Seller shall transfer at Closing, to the extent it has the legal right to do
so and subject to the applicable license agreements with the licensors, its
royalty-free usage rights to the shrink-wrap personal computer software (also
known as conditions-of-use software) being used in its ordinary course of
business as of the Date of Execution on the personal computers that are
Transferred Assets. Seller further agrees to transfer at Closing, to the
extent it has the legal right to do so and subject to the applicable license
agreements with the licensors, its royalty-free usage rights to all upgrades
and updates to the shrink-wrap personal computer software that are in
Seller\'s possession and being used on the personal computers that
are Transferred Assets as of the Closing Date. If such software copyrights
are owned by Seller, Seller\'s license terms and conditions continue to
apply. However, no software rights are being transferred under this Agreement
that relate to public domain software or freeware.   11    EXECUTION
COPY  Seller shall transfer at Closing, to the extent it has the legal right
to do so and subject to the applicable license agreements with the licensors,
its royalty-free usage rights to the other software being used in its
ordinary course of business as of the Date of Execution on the Transferred
Assets, provided that such other software is not also used otherwise by
Seller or its Affiliates. Seller further agrees to transfer at Closing, to
the extent it has the legal right to do so and subject to the applicable
license agreements with the licensors, its royalty-free usage rights to all
upgrades and updates to such other software that are in Seller\'s possession
and being used on the Transferred Assets as of the Closing Date. If such
software copyrights are owned by Seller, Seller\'s license terms and
conditions continue to apply. However, no software rights are being
transferred under this Agreement that relate to public domain software or
freeware.  Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement, Buyer
acknowledges that certain licenses for shrink-wrap personal computer software
and other software used on, or contained within, Transferred Assets are not
assignable by Seller and that Buyer may have to independently obtain licenses
for such software. Buyer further acknowledges that additional software
license fees may be required for Buyer\'s use of such software if such
software copyrights are owned by third parties or Affiliates of Seller and
Buyer agrees to bear such fees.   4.4. FURTHER ACTION. Each of the Parties
agrees to execute and deliver, or, if applicable, to cause its Affiliates to
execute and deliver, after the Closing Date such other documents,
certificates, agreements and other writings and to take such other
commercially reasonable actions as may be necessary or desirable, in the
opinion of both Parties\' counsel, in order to consummate or implement
expeditiously the transactions contemplated under this Agreement.   4.5.
DISCHARGE OF ASSUMED LIABILITIES. Buyer shall discharge the
Assumed Liabilities on a timely basis and in accordance with their terms and
Buyer agrees that Seller shall have no liability for any failure of Buyer to
discharge the Assumed Liabilities in accordance with their terms.   4.6.
POST-CLOSING PAYMENTS. The Parties acknowledge that, after the Closing Date,
Seller may make payments to third parties on behalf of Buyer associated with
certain Transferred Assets and Assumed Liabilities. Buyer agrees to reimburse
Seller for such payments, to the extent that they relate to the period after
the Closing, promptly upon receipt of an invoice from Seller. Seller shall
invoice Buyer monthly on the fifteenth (15th) day of each month. If Buyer
disputes such invoice on the basis that such payment did not relate to
the Transferred Assets or the Assumed Liabilities for any period after the
Closing, Buyer shall, within fourteen (14) calendar days of receiving such
invoice, give notice to Seller of such dispute and the Parties shall act in
good faith to immediately resolve such dispute. All amounts payable by Buyer
to Seller pursuant to this Section 4.6, shall be paid in immediately
available funds in U.S. dollars to Seller\'s account set forth in Section
1.3.   12    EXECUTION COPY   4.7. LICENSES AND PERMITS. Buyer must
seek a regulatory or other permitted transfer of, or obtain through separate
application for itself, any applicable licenses and permits, including
environmental licenses and permits, which are required for Buyer\'s operation
or ownership of the Transferred Assets. For ninety (90) days from the Date of
Execution, Seller will, to the extent that Seller deems commercially
reasonable, assist Buyer in such matters.   ARTICLE V. REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES OF BUYER   As of the Date of Execution and as of the Closing
Date, Buyer hereby represents and warrants to Seller as follows:   5.1.
INCORPORATION. Buyer is a corporation duly organized and validly existing in
good standing under the laws of Singapore, with all requisite corporate power
and authority to own its properties and conduct its business as now being
conducted, and is duly qualified in each jurisdiction in which its ownership
of property requires such qualification except where the failure to
so qualify would not have a material adverse effect on Buyer.   5.2.
BINDING EFFECT, AUTHORIZATION; VALIDITY OF AGREEMENT. Buyer has the requisite
corporate power and authority to execute and deliver each of the Operative
Agreements and to perform its obligations under each of the foregoing. Each
of the Operative Agreements has been duly and validly authorized,
executed and delivered by Buyer and constitutes the legal, valid and binding
obligations of Buyer in accordance with its respective terms. No other
corporate actions or proceedings on the part of Buyer are necessary to
authorize the Operative Agreements and the transactions contemplated by any
of the foregoing.   5.3. NO CONFLICT. The execution and delivery by Buyer of
this Agreement and the other Operative Agreements does not, and the
performance by Buyer of its obligations hereunder and thereunder do not and
will not:   (a) conflict with, or result in a breach of, any of the
provisions of its Memorandum and Articles of Association;   (b) breach,
violate or contravene any Governmental Rule, or create any right of
termination or acceleration or Lien, that, individually or in the aggregate,
would have a material adverse effect on (i) its authority or ability to
perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or the other
Operative Agreements or (ii) accept transfer and assignment of the
Transferred Assets and the Assumed Liabilities; or   (c) conflict in any
respect with, or result in a breach of or default under, any Contract,
license, franchise, permit or any other agreement or instrument to which
Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of its
Subsidiaries or any of its or their properties may be affected or bound that,
individually or in the aggregate, would   13    EXECUTION COPY  have a
material adverse effect on (i) its authority or ability to perform
its obligations under this Agreement or the other Operative Agreements or
(ii) the Assumed Liabilities(except for agreements and instruments that
require the consent or approval of a third party after the Date of Execution
and on or before Closing, or such other date as the Parties may agree, for
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement).   5.4. NO BROKER. Neither
Buyer nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged any corporation, firm or other
Person who is entitled to any fee or commission as a finder or a broker in
connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or the other Operative
Agreements or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby, and Buyer shall be responsible for all liabilities and claims
(including costs and expenses of defending against same) arising
in connection with any claim by a finder or broker that it acted on behalf of
Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby.   5.5. ACTIONS AND PROCEEDINGS. There are
no (a) outstanding judgments, orders, writs, injunctions or decrees of any
court, Governmental Authority or arbitration tribunal that have a material
adverse effect on the Buyer\'s ability to perform its obligations under the
Operative Agreements; or (b) actions, suits, claims or legal, administrative
or arbitration proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of Buyer, threatened
against Buyer that have a material adverse effect on the Buyer\'s ability to
perform its obligations under the Operative Agreements.   ARTICLE VI.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER   As of the Date of Execution and
as of the Closing Date and except as set forth on the disclosure schedule
delivered by the Seller to Buyer (the "DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE"), Seller hereby
represents and warrants to Buyer as follows:   6.1. INCORPORATION. Seller
is a duly incorporated and validly existing corporation in good standing
under the laws of Singapore, with all requisite corporate power and authority
to own its properties and conduct its business, and is duly qualified in each
jurisdiction in which its ownership of property requires such qualification
except where the failure to so qualify would not have a material adverse
effect upon the Transferred Assets.   6.2. BINDING EFFECT; AUTHORIZATION;
VALIDITY OF AGREEMENT. Seller has the requisite corporate power and authority
to execute and deliver the Operative Agreements and to perform its
obligations under each of the foregoing. Each of the Operative Agreements has
been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered by Seller and
constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligations of Seller in accordance
with its respective terms. No other corporate actions or proceedings on the
part of Seller are necessary to authorize the Operative Agreements and the
transactions contemplated by any of the foregoing.   14    EXECUTION
COPY   6.3. NO CONFLICT. The execution and delivery by Seller of this
Agreement and the other Operative Agreements does not, and the performance by
Seller of its obligations hereunder and thereunder do not and will not:  
(a) conflict with, or result in a breach of, any of the provisions of
its Memorandum and Articles of Association;   (b) breach, violate or
contravene any Governmental Rule or create any right of termination or
acceleration or Liens, that, individually or in the aggregate, would have a
material adverse effect on (i) its authority or ability to perform its
obligations under the Operative Agreements, or (ii) the Transferred Assets;
or   (c) conflict in any respect with, or result in a breach of or
default under, any Contract, license, franchise, permit or any other
agreement or instrument to which Seller or any of its Subsidiaries is a party
or by which it or any of its Subsidiaries or any of its or their properties
may be affected or bound that, individually or in the aggregate, would have a
material adverse effect on (i) its authority or ability to perform its
obligations under this Agreement or the other Operative Agreements, or (ii)
the Transferred Assets (except for agreements and instruments that require
the consent or approval of a third party after the Date of Execution and on
or before Closing, or such other date as the Parties may agree, for the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement).   6.4. NO BROKER. Seller has
engaged no corporation, firm or other Person who is entitled to any fee or
commission as a finder or a broker in connection with the negotiation of this
Agreement or the other Operative Agreements or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and Seller shall be responsible
for all liabilities and claims (including costs and expenses of defending
against same) arising in connection with any claim by a finder or broker that
it acted on behalf of Seller in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby.   6.5. TITLE TO THE TRANSFERRED ASSETS. Seller or a Seller Affiliate
has good and marketable title to the Transferred Assets listed on Schedule
1.1 hereto, free and clear of any Liens, other than Permitted Liens. At
Closing, all of the Transferred Assets shall be transferred by Seller to the
Buyer free and clear of any and all Liens (other than Permitted Liens),
together with any and all consents of third parties required to transfer the
Transferred Assets to the Buyer, except where the failure to obtain such
consent would not have a material adverse effect on the Transferred Assets
collectively.   6.6. ACTIONS AND PROCEEDINGS. There are no (a) outstanding
judgments, orders, writs, injunctions or decrees of any court, Governmental
Authority or arbitration tribunal that have a material adverse effect on the
Seller\'s ability to perform its obligations under the Operative Agreements;
or (b) actions, suits, claims or legal, administrative or arbitration
proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of Seller, threatened against Seller
that have a material adverse effect on the Seller\'s ability to perform its
obligations under the Operative Agreements.   15    EXECUTION COPY  
6.7. NO RIGHTS IN OTHERS TO TRANSFERRED ASSETS. Neither Seller nor
any Affiliate of Seller is party to any outstanding Contracts giving any
Person any present or future right to require Seller to transfer to any
Person any ownership or possessory interest in, or to grant any lien on, any
of the Transferred Assets, other than pursuant to this Agreement.   6.8.
CONTRACTS. Schedule 1.4 contains a true and complete list of all material
contracts included in the Transferred Assets and Assumed Liabilities. Seller
has performed or is performing all material obligations required to
be performed by it under such Contracts and is not (with or without notice,
lapse of time or both) in breach or default in any material respect
thereunder; and, to the knowledge of Seller, no other party to any of such
Contracts is (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) in breach or
default in any material respect thereunder.  To the Seller\'s knowledge,
each contract set forth on Schedule 1.4 is in full force and effect and there
exists no (i) event of default under such contract by either Seller or any
other party to any such contract or (ii) event, occurrence, condition or act
(including the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby) which,
with the giving of notice, the lapse of time or the happening of any other
event or condition, would become an event of default under such contract by
either Seller or any other party thereto.   6.9. LICENSES AND PERMITS.
Seller has all licenses and permits and other governmental authorizations and
approvals which are material to the operation of the Transferred Assets and
which are required for Seller\'s operation of the Transferred Assets, except
where the failure to have such licenses and permits would not have a material
adverse effect on Seller\'s ability to operate the Transferred Assets.  
6.10. LABOR MATTERS. Seller is not bound by any collective bargaining or any
other type of collective labor or union agreement with respect to
the Employees and the Transferred Assets. No strike, labor suit or proceeding
or labor administrative proceeding is pending or, to Seller\'s knowledge,
threatened respecting the Employees.   6.11 SELLER\'S USE OF TRANSFERRED
ASSETS PRIOR TO CLOSING. From the date of this Agreement until the Closing
Date, Seller will use the Transferred Assets in the ordinary course of its
module test activities at the Premises.   6.12. WARRANTIES. EXCEPT FOR THE
EXPRESS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES MADE BY SELLER IN THIS ARTICLE VI,
SELLER MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, CONCERNING
THE TRANSFERRED ASSETS AND ASSUMED LIABILITIES, IT BEING SPECIFICALLY
UNDERSTOOD BY BUYER THAT, EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THIS
ARTICLE VI, THE TRANSFERRED ASSETS AND ASSUMED LIABILITIES ARE BEING SOLD AND
TRANSFERRED "AS IS" IN ALL RESPECTS. SELLER SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY
WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR SUITABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR  
16    EXECUTION COPY  PURPOSE OF BUYER\'S, WHETHER OR NOT SELLER HAS
BEEN MADE AWARE OF ANY SUCH PURPOSE.   6.13 TAX MATTERS. Seller has timely
filed within the time period for filing or any extension granted with respect
thereto, all Tax returns which it is required to file relating or pertaining
to any and all Taxes attributable to or levied upon the Transferred Assets
with respect to the Pre-Closing Tax Period and has paid any and all Taxes it
is required to pay in connection with the taxable period to which such Tax
returns relate. There are (and as of immediately following the Closing there
will be) no liens for Taxes on the Transferred Assets, other than Permitted
Liens, and no action, proceeding or, to the knowledge of Seller,
investigation has been instituted against Seller which would give rise to any
such lien, other than Permitted Liens. Seller has no knowledge of any claims
asserted or threatened with respect to any Taxes.   6.14. COMPLIANCE WITH
APPLICABLE LAWS. Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Schedule, Seller is
conducting its business relating to the Transferred Assets and the Assumed
Liabilities in material compliance with applicable statutes, laws,
ordinances, rules, orders and regulations of all Governmental
Authorities.   ARTICLE VII. CONDITIONS OF BUYER\'S OBLIGATIONS   The
obligation of Buyer to consummate the transactions contemplated herein is
subject to the satisfaction (or waiver by Buyer) of the conditions set
forth below in this Article.   7.1. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The
representations and warranties of Seller made in this Agreement and the other
Operative Agreements shall be true and correct in all material respects as of
the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date with the same effect as
if made at and as of the Closing Date, except to the extent such
representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier time in which
case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all
material respects as of such earlier time. Seller shall have performed or
complied with in all material respects its respective covenants, agreements
and undertakings contained in this Agreement and the other
Operative Agreements required to be performed at or prior to the Closing.  
7.2. CONSENTS, APPROVALS, AND INJUNCTIONS. Seller shall have obtained or made
all consents, approvals, orders, licenses, permits and authorizations of, and
registrations, declarations and filings with, any Governmental Authority
or any other Person required to be obtained or made by or with respect to
the transfer and sale of the Transferred Assets in connection with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Operative Agreements
and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
(including without limitation, the transfer and assignment of the Transferred
Assets and the Assumed Liabilities).   17    EXECUTION COPY   7.3.
CONSENTS, GOVERNMENTAL ACTIONS, PERMITS; BURDENSOME CONDITIONS.   (a) All
Governmental Actions set forth on Schedule 7.3(a), if any, including the
issuance or transfer of all permits or other consents of Governmental
Authorities necessary for Seller to transfer the Transferred Assets shall (i)
have been taken, given or obtained, (ii) be in full force and effect, and
(iii) not be subject to any pending proceedings or appeals,
administrative, judicial or otherwise (and the time for appeal shall have
expired or, if an appeal shall have been taken, it shall have been
dismissed).   (b) No Burdensome Condition shall exist with respect to Buyer
in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Operative
Agreements.   7.4. GOVERNMENTAL RULE. No Governmental Rule shall have been
instituted, issued or proposed to restrain, enjoin or prevent the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other
Operative Agreements or to invalidate, suspend or require modification of any
material provision of any Operative Agreement.   7.5. OPERATIVE AGREEMENTS
AND OTHER AGREEMENTS. Seller shall have entered into each of the Operative
Agreements to be executed by it and each such Operative Agreement shall be in
full force and effect without breach thereunder by Seller. International
Business Machines Corporation and Amkor Technology, Inc. shall have entered
into the Intellectual Property Agreements, "Goods Agreement" and related
"Statement of Work" and "Attachments" to such "Statement of Work", and each
such agreement shall be in full force and effect without breach thereunder by
International Business Machines Corporation. IBM Interconnect Packaging
Solutions (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. and Amkor Assembly and Test (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
shall have entered into the "Asset Purchase Agreement", including its related
"Assignment and Assumption Agreement", and each such agreement shall be in
full force and effect without breach thereunder by IBM Interconnect Packaging
Solutions (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. Shanghai Waigaoqiao Free Trade Zone, Xin
Development Co., Ltd. and Amkor Assembly and Test (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. shall
have entered into a real estate sales contract with respect to the premises
leased by IBM Interconnect Packaging Solutions (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. and such
agreement shall be in full force and effect without breach thereunder by
Shanghai Waigaoqiao Free Trade Zone, Xin Development Co., Ltd.
Shanghai Waigaoqiao Free Trade Zone, Xin Development Co., Ltd. and IBM
Interconnect Packaging Solutions (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. shall have entered into
the "Lease Modification and Termination Agreement" and such agreement shall
be in full force and effect without breach thereunder by either party
thereto. Amkor Assembly and Test (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. and IBM Interconnect
Packaging Solutions (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. shall have entered into the "Real
Estate Property and License Agreement" (including attached form of sublease)
and such agreement shall be in full force and effect without breach
thereunder by IBM Interconnect Packaging Solutions (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. Buyer
and Seller shall have entered into the "Transition Services Agreement" and
such agreement shall be in full force and effect without breach thereunder by
Seller.   18    EXECUTION COPY   7.6. INJUNCTIONS, ORDERS. (a) No
injunction, order or decree of any Governmental Authority shall be in effect
as of the Closing, and no lawsuit, claim, proceeding or investigation shall
be pending or threatened by or before any Governmental Authority as of the
Closing, which would restrain, prohibit or make unlawful the transfer to, and
the ownership and operation by Buyer of the Transferred Assets or the
assumption by Buyer of the Assumed Liabilities or invalidate or suspend any
provision of the Operative Agreements in any material respect.   (b) No
action or proceeding challenging the transactions or any provision of this
Agreement or the other Operative Agreements in any material respect shall be
pending or threatened against any party.   7.7. CLOSING DOCUMENTS. Seller
shall have delivered to Buyer the following documents:   (a) a certificate
of a duly authorized officer of Seller, dated as of the Closing Date, to the
effect that the representations and warranties of Seller in this Agreement
are true and correct in all material respects (save as disclosed or qualified
in the Disclosure Schedule) and that all actions required to be taken by
Seller prior to the Closing have been duly taken;   (b) a certificate of a
director or the secretary or assistant secretary of Seller, dated the Closing
Date, as to the continued existence of Seller and certifying the
authorization of the execution of the certificate described in Section 7.7(a)
and the execution, delivery and performance of the Operative Agreements;
and   (c) Copies of such Seller Benefit Plan\'s applicable to the Regular 
Employees (or, where applicable, a description thereof) as Buyer 
requests.   7.8. NO MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE. There shall have been no
material adverse change to the Transferred Assets since the Date of
Execution.   7.9 CONDITION OF ASSETS. To a material extent, the Transferred
Assets shall not have been damaged or destroyed, prior to the Closing Date,
by fire or other casualty, whether or not fully covered by insurance.  
ARTICLE VIII. CONDITIONS TO SELLER\'S OBLIGATIONS.   The obligations of
Seller to consummate the transactions contemplated herein shall be subject to
the satisfaction (or waiver by Seller) of the conditions set forth below in
this Article.   8.1 RECEIPT OF PARENT GUARANTY FOR THE PURCHASE PRICE AND
SECURITY FOR THE PURCHASE PRICE The receipt by Seller of (i) a parent
guaranty, in a form satisfactory   19    EXECUTION COPY  to Seller,
issued by Amkor Technology, Inc. ("Buyer\'s Parent") for the Purchase Price,
and (ii) a debenture, in a form satisfactory to the Seller, executed
by Buyerand relating to the Transferred Assets, as security for Buyer\'s
obligation under Section 1.3 (Consideration) ("Debenture"), and compliance by
Buyer\'s Parent and Buyer, as applicable, with the conditions to Closing set
out in the parent guaranty and the Debenture.   8.2. REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES. The representations and warranties of Buyer made in this
Agreement and the other Operative Agreements shall be true and correct in all
material respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date
with the same effect as if made at and as of the Closing Date, except to the
extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier
time in which case such representations and warranties shall be true
and correct in all material respects as of such earlier time. Buyer shall
have performed or complied with in all material respects its respective
covenants, agreements and undertakings contained in this Agreement and the
other Operative Agreements required to be performed at or prior to the
Closing.   8.3. CONSENTS, APPROVALS AND INJUNCTIONS. (a) Buyer shall have
obtained or made all consents, orders, approvals, licenses, permits and
authorizations of, and registrations, declarations and filings with, any
Governmental Authority or any other Person required to be obtained or made by
or with respect to Buyer in connection with the execution and delivery of
this Agreement and the other Operative Agreements, and the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including without
limitation, the ownership and operation of the Transferred Assets and the
assumption of the Assumed Liabilities).   8.4. CONSENTS, GOVERNMENTAL
ACTIONS, PERMITS; BURDENSOME CONDITIONS.   (a) All Governmental Actions set
forth on Schedule 7.3(a), if any, including the issuance or transfer of all
permits or other consents of Governmental Authorities necessary for Buyer to
receive the Transferred Assets shall (i) have been taken, given or obtained,
(ii) be in full force and effect, and (iii) not be subject to any pending
proceedings or appeals, administrative, judicial or otherwise (and the time
for appeal shall have expired or, if an appeal shall have been taken, it
shall have been dismissed).   (b) No Burdensome Condition shall exist with
respect to Seller in connection with the transactions contemplated by the
Operative Agreements.   8.5. GOVERNMENTAL RULE. No Governmental Rule shall
have been instituted, issued or proposed to restrain, enjoin or prevent the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other
Operative Agreements or to invalidate, suspend or require modification of any
material provision of any Operative Agreement.   20    EXECUTION
COPY   8.6. OPERATIVE AGREEMENTS AND OTHER AGREEMENTS. Buyer shall have
entered into each of the Operative Agreements to be executed by it and each
such Operative Agreement shall be in full force and effect without breach
thereunder by Buyer.  Amkor Technology, Inc. and International Business
Machines Corporation shall have entered into the Intellectual Property
Agreements, "Goods Agreement" and related "Statement of Work" and
"Attachments" to such "Statement of Work", and each such agreement shall be
in full force and effect without breach thereunder by Amkor Technology, Inc.
Amkor Assembly and Test (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. and IBM Interconnect Packaging
Solutions (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. shall have entered into the "Asset Purchase
Agreement", including its related "Assignment and Assumption Agreement", and
each such agreement shall be in full force and effect without breach
thereunder by Amkor Assembly and Test (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. Shanghai Waigaoqiao
Free Trade Zone, Xin Development Co., Ltd. and Amkor Assembly and
Test (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. shall have entered into a real estate sales
contract with respect to the premises leased by IBM Interconnect Packaging
Solutions (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. and such agreement shall be in full force and
effect without breach thereunder by either party thereto. Shanghai Waigaoqiao
Free Trade Zone, Xin Development Co., Ltd. and IBM Interconnect Packaging
Solutions (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. shall have entered into the "Lease
Modification and Termination Agreement" and such agreement shall be in full
force and effect without breach thereunder by Shanghai Waigaoqiao Free Trade
Zone, Xin Development Co., Ltd. Amkor Assembly and Test (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
and IBM Interconnect Packaging Solutions (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. shall have
entered into the "Real Estate Property and License Agreement" (including
attached form of sublease) and such agreement shall be in full force and
effect without breach thereunder by Amkor Assembly and Test (Shanghai) Co.,
Ltd. Buyer and Seller shall have entered into the "Transition Services
Agreement" and such agreement shall be in full force and effect without
breach thereunder by Buyer.   8.7. Injunctions, Orders. No injunction, order
or decree of any Governmental Authority shall be in effect as of the Closing,
and no lawsuit, claim, proceeding or investigation shall be pending or
threatened by or before any Governmental Authority as of the Closing, which
would restrain, prohibit or make unlawful the transfer to Buyer, or the
ownership and operation by Buyer, of the Transferred Assets, or the
assumption by Buyer of the Assumed Liabilities, or invalidate or suspend any
provision of any Operative Agreement.   8.8. CLOSING DOCUMENTS. Buyer shall
have delivered to Seller the following documents:   (a) a certificate of a
duly authorized officer of Buyer, dated the Closing Date, to the effect that
Buyer\'s representations and warranties in this Agreement are true and
correct and that all actions required to be taken by Buyer have been duly
taken, as of the Closing Date; and   (b) a certificate of a director or the
secretary or assistant secretary of Buyer, dated the Closing Date, as to the
continued existence of Buyer, certifying the   21    EXECUTION
COPY  authorization of the execution of the certificate described in Section
8.8(a) and the execution, delivery and performance of the Operative
Agreements as of the Closing Date.   8.9. EMPLOYEES. Buyer shall have
arranged to employ, effective upon and contingent upon the Closing and
consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, all of the
Regular Employees and, in this connection all Governmental Actions shall have
been taken or obtained by Buyer, in respect of the employment of the Regular
Employees.   ARTICLE IX. TERMINATION AND ABANDONMENT   9.1 METHODS OF
TERMINATION. This Agreement may be terminated and the transactions herein
contemplated may be abandoned at any time:   (a) by mutual written consent
of Buyer and Seller;   (b) by Buyer or Seller if this Agreement is not
consummated on or  before June 15, 2004;   (c) by Buyer if as of the
Closing Date any of the conditions  specified in Article VII hereof have not
been satisfied; or   (d) by Seller if as of the Closing Date any of the
conditions  specified in Article VIII hereof have not been satisfied.   9.2
PROCEDURE FOR AND UPON TERMINATION. The Party exercising any termination
right in Section 9.1 must first give at least 30 days\' prior written notice
of such termination to the other Party. Such notice shall contain the date
that termination and abandonment will become effective. The other Party
may then cure any event creating such termination right if such event can be
cured. If there is no cure during such notice period, then termination and
abandonment shall become effective on the date set forth in the notice of
termination. In the event of termination and abandonment pursuant to Section
9.1(b)-(d), this Agreement shall terminate and shall be abandoned, without
further action by any Party. If this Agreement is terminated as provided
herein, each Party shall either destroy or redeliver all documents and other
material of the other Party relating to the transactions contemplated hereby,
whether obtained before or after the execution hereof, to the other
Party.   ARTICLE X. GENERAL MATTERS.   10.1. SURVIVAL.  
22    EXECUTION COPY   (a) Notwithstanding any investigation by the
Parties, all representations, and warranties made by the Parties under this
Agreement or in any schedule, document, certificate or other instrument
delivered by or on behalf of the Parties pursuant to this Agreement shall be
made and relate only to the Date of Execution and the Closing Date, but any
claim for breach thereof shall continue in full force and effect after the
Date of Execution and after the Closing Date for a period of twelve (12)
months after the Closing Date, after which time they shall cease; provided,
however, that all representations and warranties relating to the Assumed
Liabilities shall survive the Closing Date until the expiration of the
applicable statute of limitation with respect thereto. For clarification, any
claim for breach of a representation or warranty that is filed with a
court having jurisdiction over both Parties and such subject matter within
twelve (12) months after the Closing Date (or within the applicable statute
of limitation period if such claim is for breach of a representation or
warranty relating to the Assumed Liabilities) shall survive until final
judicial disposition of such claim.   (b) Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary herein, any provision of this Agreement, including, but not limited
to Sections 1.3 (Consideration), 10.1 (Survival), and 10.2 (Indemnification),
which by its terms explicitly contemplates the existence of a right or
performance of an obligation for a period of time beyond the Closing and/or
termination of this Agreement, will survive Closing and/or termination of the
Agreement for such specified period. In addition to the foregoing, the
provisions of Sections 10.3 (Limitation of Liability), 10.9 (Modification and
Waiver), 10.10 (Governing Law), 10.12 (Assignment), 10.14 (No Third Party
Beneficiaries), and 10.15 (Entire Agreement) shall survive indefinitely.  
10.2. INDEMNIFICATION.   (a) Indemnification by Seller: From the Closing
Date until the third anniversary of the Closing Date only, Seller shall fully
indemnify, defend and hold harmless Buyer and Buyer\'s Affiliates, and their
respective officers, directors, employees, representatives and agents (each,
a "BUYER INDEMNIFIED PARTY" and collectively, the "BUYER INDEMNIFIED
PARTIES") from and against any and all claims, liens, demands, actions,
judgments, proceedings, liabilities (whether accrued, absolute, contingent or
otherwise) and reasonable associated expenses (including reasonable
attorney\'s fees) ("Claims"), provided that such Claims (i) are brought by
third parties against a Buyer Indemnified Party (or Buyer Indemnified
Parties), and (ii) directly arise from and relate to the time period prior to
the Closing, including, in cases of environmental claims, that the basis for
the claim is a Hazardous Substance existing on or under the Premises prior to
the Closing, and (iii) directly arise from and relate to a violation of a
Singapore Governmental Rule in effect on the Closing Date or any other
obligation of Seller on or prior to the Closing Date, and (iv) directly arise
from and relate to either (a) Seller\'s ownership or use of the
Transferred Assets, (b) Seller\'s performance of the Assumed Liabilities, (c)
Seller\'s leasing or use of the Premises, and/or (d) Seller\'s employment of
any Employee, (individually referred to as a "THIRD PARTY CLAIM AGAINST
BUYER" and collectively as, "THIRD PARTY CLAIMS AGAINST BUYER"). "HAZARDOUS
SUBSTANCES" means, without regard to amount and/or concentration, petroleum,
petroleum distillates, petroleum products, pesticides,  
23    EXECUTION COPY  radioactive materials and substances, friable
asbestos as of Closing, polychlorinated biphenyls ("PCBs"), polyurethane foam
insulation, radon and any materials or substances which are regulated under
or defined as, or otherwise included in the definition, of "hazardous
substances", "hazardous wastes", or "toxic substances" in any applicable
Environmental Law, and constituents and degradation products of any of the
foregoing. "ENVIRONMENTAL LAW" shall mean, as may be amended, any Singapore
law, statute, ordinance, code, rule or regulation relating to protection of
the environment and/or governing the use, handling, generation, treatment,
recycling, storage, manufacture, transportation or disposal of Hazardous
Substances.   (b) Indemnification by Buyer: Until the third anniversary of
the date on which Seller knew or should have known about specific third party
claims or environmental matters, Buyer shall fully indemnify, defend and hold
harmless Seller and Seller\'s Affiliates, and their respective officers,
directors, employees, representatives and agents (each, a "SELLER INDEMNIFIED
PARTY" and collectively, the "SELLER INDEMNIFIED PARTIES") from and against
any and all Claims that (i) are brought by third parties against a Seller
Indemnified Party (or Seller Indemnified Parties), and (ii) directly arise
from and relate to the time period after the Closing, including, in cases of
environmental claims, that the basis for the claim is a Hazardous Substance
existing on or under the Premises after the Closing, and (iii) directly arise
from and relate to a violation of a Singapore Governmental Rule in effect
after the Closing Date or any other obligation of Buyer on or after the
Closing Date, and (iv) directly arise from and relate to either (a) Buyer\'s
ownership or use of the Transferred Assets, (b) Buyer\'s performance of the
Assumed Liabilities, (c) Buyer\'s leasing or use of the Premises, and/or (d)
Buyer\'s employment of any Employee, (individually referred to as a "THIRD
PARTY CLAIM AGAINST SELLER" and collectively as, "THIRD PARTY CLAIMS AGAINST
SELLER").   (c) Procedure for Third Party Claim Indemnification.   (1)
Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party of notice of a claim or the
commencement of any proceeding against it, such indemnified party will, if
a claim is to be made against an indemnifying party under such Section,
give notice in writing to the indemnifying party of the commencement of such
claim, but the failure to notify the indemnifying party will not relieve
the indemnifying party of any liability that it may have to any indemnified
party, except to the extent that the indemnifying party demonstrates that the
defense of such action is prejudiced by the indemnified party\'s failure to
give such notice.   (2) The indemnifying party will be entitled to
participate in such Claim and, to the extent that it wishes (unless (i) the
indemnifying party is also a party to such proceeding and the indemnified
party determines in good faith that joint representation would be
inappropriate, or (ii) the indemnifying party fails to provide reasonable
assurance to the indemnified party of its financial capacity to defend such
proceeding and provide indemnification with respect to such proceeding), to
assume, by written notice thereof within ten (10) days of transmittal of the
notice of the Claim by the indemnified   24    EXECUTION COPY  party,
the defense of such proceeding with counsel satisfactory to the indemnified
party, provided, however, that the indemnifying party may not so assume the
defense if such Claim (A) may result in criminal proceedings, injunctions or
other equitable remedies in respect of the indemnified party or its business;
(B) may result in liabilities which, taken with other then existing Claims
under this Section 10.2, would not be fully indemnified hereunder; (C) may
have a material adverse effect on the business or financial condition of the
indemnified party after the Closing Date; (D) is for an alleged amount of
less than $25,000; or (E) upon petition by the indemnified party, if an
appropriate court rules that the indemnifying party failed or is failing
to vigorously prosecute or defend such Claim, in which events the indemnified
party shall assume the defense. If the indemnifying party assumes the defense
of a Claim by a third party, (i) no compromise or settlement of such claims
may be effected by the indemnifying party without the indemnified party\'s
consent unless (A) there is no finding or admission of any violation of any
legal requirement or any violation of the rights of any person and no effect
on any other claims that may be made against the indemnified party, and (B)
the sole relief provided is monetary damages that are paid in full by the
indemnifying party; and (iii) the indemnified party will have no liability
with respect to any compromise or settlement of such Claims effected without
its consent. If notice is given to an indemnifying party of the commencement
of any Claim or proceeding and the indemnifying party does not, within ten
days after the indemnified party\'s notice is given, give notice to the
indemnified party of its election to assume the defense of such proceeding,
the indemnifying party will be bound by any determination made in such
proceeding or any compromise or settlement effected by the indemnified party.
A Claim for indemnification for any matter not involving a third-party claim
may be asserted by notice to the party from whom indemnification is
sought.   10.3. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary set forth in the Operative Agreements, unless this section is
specifically and expressly excluded from application to a specific Operative
Agreement or provision in an Operative Agreement, neither Seller nor Buyer
shall be liable to the other Party for any amounts with respect to the breach
of an Operative Agreement(s) unless and until such amounts shall exceed in
the aggregate one hundred thousand U.S. dollars (US$100,000) (the "LIMITATION
AMOUNT") (in which case Seller or Buyer, as applicable, shall only be liable
to the other Party with respect to the excess over the Limitation Amount);
provided, however that such limitation shall not be applicable with respect
to Buyer\'s obligation to pay to Seller the Purchase Price. There shall be no
Seller or Buyer liability to the other Party with respect to any such matter
for individual amounts of less than Twenty-Five Thousand U.S. Dollars
(US$25,000) and such amounts shall not be taken into account in determining
whether the Limitation Amount has been exceeded. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary set forth in the Operative Agreements, unless this section is
specifically and expressly excluded from application to a specific Operative
Agreement or a specific provision in an Operative Agreement, (a) in no event
shall Seller\'s cumulative liability to Buyer, or Buyer\'s cumulative
liability to Seller, exceed three million United States Dollars
(US$3,000,000) in the aggregate, provided, however that such limitation shall
not be applicable with respect to either (i) Buyer\'s obligation to pay to
Seller the Purchase Price or (ii) Seller\'s obligation to transfer to Buyer
good and   25     EXECUTION COPY  marketable title of the Transferred
Assets, free and clear of any and all Liens (other than Permitted Liens), in
accordance with this Agreement, and (b) neither Seller nor Buyer shall be
responsible for any indirect, incidental, punitive, special or consequential
damages whatsoever, including loss of profits or goodwill, business
interruptions or claims of customers, even if advised of the possibility of
such damages.   10.4. PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS. The Confidentiality Agreement is
hereby incorporated by reference and its provisions shall be deemed to apply
to this Agreement and the other Operative Agreements such that the existence
of such agreements and any information disclosed under such agreements shall
be subject to the provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement. For six (6)
months after the Closing Date, all public announcements relating to this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby shall be made only after
consultation between the Parties, except for disclosures by either Party that
in the opinion of counsel for such Party are required by law, rule or
regulation. Any disclosures to customers in connection with commercial
relationships shall not reveal the Purchase Price of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either Party shall have the right, in its sole
discretion, to make such disclosures as it may deem necessary or advisable to
any Governmental Authority. In the event of a breach or anticipatory breach
of this Section 10.4. by either Party, the other Party shall be entitled, in
addition to any and all other remedies available at law or in equity, to
preliminary and permanent injunctive relief and specific performance without
proving damages.   10.5. COSTS. Each Party shall be responsible for the
costs and expenses incurred by it in the negotiation, execution and delivery
of the Operative Agreements and, except as otherwise provided elsewhere in
such agreements, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby.   10.6. DUE DILIGENCE. Buyer has engaged in the entire due
diligence effort it deemed appropriate prior to executing this Agreement. The
sale of the Transferred Assets is based solely upon the results of that due
diligence and there has been no reliance upon the representations or
statements of Seller, other than as set forth in Article VI.   10.7.
DISCHARGE OF ASSUMED LIABILITIES. Prior to the Closing, Seller
shall discharge the Assumed Liabilities in accordance with their terms and
Seller agrees that Buyer shall have no liability for any failure of Seller to
so discharge the Assumed Liabilities in accordance with their terms.
Following the Closing, Buyer shall discharge the Assumed Liabilities in
accordance with their terms and Buyer agrees that Seller shall have no
liability for any failure of Buyer to so discharge the Assumed Liabilities in
accordance with their terms.   10.8. ACCESS TO BOOKS, RECORDS AND EMPLOYEES.
After the Closing Date, Buyer shall permit Seller reasonable access to any
books, records, and employees relating to the period prior to the Closing and
transferred by Seller to Buyer pursuant to this Agreement. Such access shall
be during normal business hours or as the Buyer and Seller may otherwise
agree. Prior to such access, Seller shall provide Buyer at least 2 Business
Days\' advance notice.   26    EXECUTION COPY   10.9. MODIFICATION AND
WAIVER. No modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement and no
consent by either Party to any departure therefrom shall be effective unless
in a writing referencing the particular section of this Agreement to be
modified or waived and signed by a duly authorized signatory of each Party,
and the same will only then be effective for the period and on the conditions
and for the specific instances and purposes specified in such writing.  
10.10. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement has been delivered at and shall
be deemed to have been made in Singapore, and all matters arising from or
relating in any manner to the subject matter of this Agreement shall be
interpreted and construed, and the rights and liabilities of the Parties
determined, in accordance with the laws of Singapore applicable to agreements
executed, delivered and performed within Singapore, without regard to the
principles of conflicts of laws thereof. As part of the consideration for
value received, each of the Parties hereby consents to the exclusive
jurisdiction of any court located within Singapore with respect to all
matters arising from or relating in any manner to the subject matter of this
Agreement. With respect to all matters arising from or relating in any manner
to the subject matter of this Agreement, each of the Parties hereby: (i)
waives trial by jury, (ii) waives any objection to Singapore venue of any
action instituted hereunder (whether on the basis of forum non conveniens or
otherwise), and (iii) consents to the granting of such legal or equitable
relief as is deemed appropriate by any aforementioned court. Any legal or
other action related to a breach of this Agreement must be commenced no later
than one (1) year from the date on which the complaining Party first became
aware, or reasonably should have become aware, of the facts or circumstances
giving rise to the action.   10.11. NOTICES. All notices and other
communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been
duly given and shall be effective (a) when delivered by messenger or courier,
or (b) five days after deposit for mailing by registered or certified mail,
postage prepaid, return receipt requested, or (c) within one Business Day
when transmitted by telecopy, provided that sender has a report showing
transmission of such telecopy, as follows:   (a) if to Seller, to:   IBM
Singapore Pte Ltd  9 Changi Business Park Central 1  Singapore 486048  
Attention: General Manager   Telecopy: (65)6418-2000   with a copy at the
same address to:   Attention: General Counsel ASEAN/SA  
27    EXECUTION COPY   Telecopy: (65)64182000   (b) if to Buyer,
to:   Amkor Technology Singapore Pte. Ltd.  1 Kaki Bukit View, Techview 
Singapore, 415941   Attention: To be provided  Telecopy: To be provided  
with a copy to:   Amkor Technology, Inc.  1345 Enterprise Drive  West
Chester, PA 19380  Attention: General Counsel  Fax:(610)431-7189  or to
such Person or address as either of the Parties shall hereafter designate to
the other from time to time by similar written notice.   10.12. ASSIGNMENT.
This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, and be
enforceable by, the successors and assigns of the Parties; provided, that a
Party may not assign its rights hereunder without the written consent of the
other Party.   10.13. COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed by the
Parties hereto in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be an
original and all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. Each
counterpart may be signed and executed by the Parties and transmitted by
facsimile and shall be as valid and effectual as if executed as an original.
In the case of execution by way of counterparts, this Agreement shall not be
deemed to be concluded until the last of such counterparts shall have been
executed.   10.14. NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES. This Agreement is for the
sole benefit of the Parties and their permitted successors and assigns and
nothing herein expressed or implied shall give or be construed to give any
Person, other than the Parties and such permitted successors and assigns, any
legal or equitable rights hereunder. Accordingly, the Contracts (Rights of
Third Parties) Act (Chapter 53B) of Singapore shall not under any
circumstances apply to this Agreement and any person who is not a party to
this Agreement (whether or not such person shall be named, referred to, or
otherwise identified, or form part of a class of persons so named, referred
to or identified, in this Agreement) shall have no right whatsoever under the
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act (Chapter 53B) of Singapore to enforce
this Agreement or any of its terms.   28    EXECUTION COPY   10.15.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement, together with the other
Operative Agreements comprise the entire agreement between the Parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all other
contemporaneous agreements and all prior agreements, understandings and
representations, oral or written, between Buyer and Seller relating hereto or
thereto.   10.16 TIME OF THE ESSENCE. Any time, date or period mentioned in
any provision of this Agreement may be extended by mutual agreement between
the Parties but as regards any time, date or period originally fixed and
not extended or any time, date or period so extended as aforesaid, time shall
be of the essence.   10.17 BUSINESS CAPACITY. The Parties agree and
acknowledge that they have entered into this Agreement, and will undertake
the transactions contemplated herein, as part of, or in the course of, their
business activity, and not as consumers (including for purposes of the
Consumer Protection (Fair Trading) Act of Singapore).   *******   IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by
their duly authorized signatories as of the date and year first
above written.  IBM SINGAPORE PTE LTD  By: /s/ Patricia Yim 
--------------------------------- Name: PATRICIA YIM Title: MANAGING
DIRECTOR  AMKOR TECHNOLOGY SINGAPORE PTE. LTD.  By: /s/ Oleg Khaykin 
--------------------------------- Name: OLEG KHAYKIN Title: ATTORNEY IN
FACT   [Signature page to Asset Purchase Agreement-Singapore]  
29    EXECUTION COPY   Exhibit to Asset Purchase Agreement   Exhibit
A: Assignment and Assumption Agreement   30    EXECUTION COPY  
Exhibit A   ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT  ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION
AGREEMENT dated as of ___________, 2004 (this "AGREEMENT"), between Amkor
Technology Singapore Pte. Ltd., a Singapore corporation ("BUYER"), and IBM
Singapore Pte Ltd, a Singapore corporation ("SELLER")   W I T N E S S E T
H:   WHEREAS Buyer and Seller have entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement
dated as of May 17, 2004 (the "ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT"), providing for,
among other things, the purchase by Buyer of the Transferred Assets
from Seller; and   WHEREAS, in conjunction with such purchase, Seller
desires to sell, transfer, convey, assign and deliver to Buyer all of
Seller\'s rights, title and interest in and to the Assumed Liabilities.  
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and undertakings
contained herein, and subject to and on the terms and conditions herein set
forth, the parties hereto agree as follows:   1. Defined Terms. Terms
defined in the text of this Agreement shall have such meaning throughout this
Agreement.   2. Other Terms. All capitalized terms not otherwise defined
herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Asset Purchase
Agreement. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to alter or amend the
terms and provisions of the Asset Purchase Agreement, and in the event of any
conflict between the terms and provisions of this Agreement and the Asset
Purchase Agreement, the terms and provisions of the Asset Purchase Agreement
shall be deemed to govern and be controlling in all circumstances.   3.
Assignment. Seller hereby irrevocably sells, transfers, conveys, assigns and
delivers to Buyer all of its rights, title and interest in and to the Assumed
Liabilities.   4. Assumption. Buyer does hereby accept such sale,
transfer, conveyance, assignment and delivery of all of Seller\'s right,
title and interest in and to the Assumed Liabilities by Seller and assumes
all obligations and liabilities arising thereunder following the Closing.  
5. Effective time. The assignment by Seller, and the acceptance thereof by
Buyer, of the Assumed Liabilities, pursuant to this Agreement, shall be
effective as of the date hereof.   31    EXECUTION COPY   6. Non
contravention. Certain of the Assumed Liabilities may require the consent of
third parties to any assignment. Such assignments to Buyer are made subject
to the obtaining of such consents and shall be effective as of the date of
such consent. The execution of this Agreement shall not be interpreted, and
is not intended to be interpreted, as any action taken by Seller that
would be contrary to the terms and conditions of any contract requiring the
consent of any third party to such assignment. Buyer and Seller shall fully
cooperate with each other in an attempt to obtain such consents, as set forth
in the Asset Purchase Agreement.   7. Notices. All notices and other
communications hereunder shall be as set forth in the Asset Purchase
Agreement.   8. Amendment. This Agreement may be amended, modified
or supplemented, and any provision hereof may be waived, only by written
agreement of the parties hereto signed by an authorized representative of
each party.   9. Waivers. Any failure of a party to comply with any
obligation, agreement or condition herein may be waived by the other party;
provided, that any such waiver may be made only by a written instrument
signed by the party granting such waiver, but such waiver or failure to
insist upon strict compliance with such obligation, agreement or condition
shall not operate as a waiver of, or estoppel with respect to, any subsequent
or other failure; and provided further that no waiver by a party hereto of
any breach or default by the other party under this Agreement shall be deemed
a waiver of any other previous breach or default or any thereafter
occurring.   10. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the
Asset Purchase Agreement (including any exhibits and schedules), embody the
entire understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter
contained herein. This Agreement supersedes all contemporaneous and prior
agreements and understandings between the parties with respect to such
subject matter.   11. Headings. The headings contained in this Agreement are
for reference purposes only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the
meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.   12. Governing Law. This
Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and the rights
of the parties shall be governed by, the laws of Singapore without reference
to its principles of conflict of law.   13. Severability. If any one or more
provisions contained in this Agreement, or the application of such provision
to any person or circumstance, shall, for any reason, be held to be invalid,
illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or
unenforceability shall not affect any other provision hereof, and this
Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable
provision had never been contained herein.   32    EXECUTION COPY  
14. Third Party Actions. Seller and Buyer hereby agree to cooperate in
defending or prosecuting any claims or litigation relating to the transfer
of title as provided herein, and to make available and furnish
appropriate documents and testimony in connection therewith.   15.
Seller\'s Obligations. Seller hereby covenants and agrees to execute and
deliver all such other further instruments of conveyance, assignment and
transfer and all such other notices, releases, acquittance, powers
of attorney and other documents, and do all such other acts and things as may
be necessary to more fully convey and assign to Buyer, or its successors
or assigns, all right, title and interest in and to the Assumed
Liabilities conveyed, assigned and transferred to or acquired by Buyer
pursuant to this Agreement, including, without limitation, filings with any
governmental entity, authority or instrumentality, domestic or foreign.  
16. No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is not intended and shall
not be deemed to confer upon or give any person except the parties hereto and
the parties to any assigned Contracts in the Assumed Liabilities and
their respective successors and permitted assigns any remedy, claim,
liability, reimbursement, cause of action or other right under or by reason
of this Agreement and a person who is not a party to this Agreement has no
right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act, Chapter 53B to
enforce any term of this Agreement.   17. Assignment. Neither this
Agreement nor any of the rights or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by
either party hereto without the prior written consent of the other party,
such consent not to be unreasonably withheld. Any purported assignment of
this Agreement other than in accordance with this paragraph 17 shall be null
and void and of no force or effect.   18. Counterparts. This Agreement may
be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same
instrument and shall become a binding Agreement when one or more of the
counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the
other party.   [remainder of page left blank]   33    EXECUTION
COPY   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
Assignment and Assumption Agreement to be executed by their respective
officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above
written.  AMKOR TECHNOLOGY SINGAPORE PTE. LTD.  By:
_________________________________  Name:
_______________________________ Title: ______________________________  IBM
SINGAPORE PTE LTD  By: _________________________________ Name:
_______________________________ Title: ______________________________  
34    EXECUTION COPY   Schedule of Disclosure and Exceptions  to the
Asset Purchase Agreement  by and among Amkor Technology Singapore Pte Ltd
and  IBM Singapore Pte Ltd  This is the Schedule of Disclosure and
Exceptions (including the Schedules, Sub-schedules, and Exhibits hereto, the
"Disclosure Schedule") being provided in conjunction with the Asset Purchase
Agreement dated as of May 17,2004 by and among Buyer and Seller, to which
this Disclosure Schedule is attached and constitutes formal disclosure to
Buyer by Seller for the purposes of the said agreement of the facts and
circumstances which are or may be inconsistent with or constitute exceptions
to the representations, warranties, undertakings and covenants referred to in
the agreement (collectively the "WARRANTIES") or which otherwise give or may
give rise to a claim under the agreement by Buyer. Such facts and
circumstances will be deemed to qualify the Warranties accordingly. Unless
otherwise indicated, all capitalized terms used in this Disclosure Schedule
shall have the meaning provided in the above referenced Asset
Purchase Agreement.  References in this Disclosure Schedule to paragraphs,
headings and numbers shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be to
those headings and numbered paragraphs in the agreement and shall be for
convenience only and shall not alter the construction of this Disclosure
Schedule nor in any way limit the effect of any of the disclosures, all of
which are made against the Warranties as a whole. The contents of all
documents annexed to this Disclosure Schedule or referred to herein shall, in
the event of any inconsistency, prevail over any summaries of such documents
contained in this Disclosure Schedule. For convenience only, certain
disclosures have been made by reference to specified Warranties. However,
each such disclosure shall be taken to qualify all the Warranties to which it
is capable of relating. Each such disclosure is given without prejudice to
the generality or effectiveness of any other disclosure.  Where brief
particulars only of a matter are set out or referred to in this Disclosure
Schedule, or a document is referred to but not attached, full particulars of
the matter and the full contents of the document are deemed to be disclosed
and it is assumed that Buyer does not require any further particulars. Buyer
confirms that all matters disclosed in this Disclosure Schedule have
been raised in advance and that Buyer has been given the opportunity for
further enquiry and that Buyer has carried out such further enquiries to
its satisfaction. Accordingly, Seller is deemed to have adequately disclosed
all the matters raised or referred to in this Disclosure Schedule and shall
not be in breach of any of the Warranties insofar as it relates to the
matters so disclosed.  In this Disclosure Schedule, unless specified
otherwise: (a) the rule known as the ejusdem generis rule shall not apply and
accordingly general words introduced by the word "other" shall not be given a
restrictive meaning by reason of fact that they are preceded by words
indicating a particular class of acts, matters or things; and (b) general
words   35    EXECUTION COPY  shall not be given a restrictive meaning
by reason of the fact that they are followed by particular examples intended
to be embraced by the general words.  By way of general disclosure, the
following matters are disclosed or deemed disclosed to Buyer and Buyer is
deemed aware of each and every matter disclosed or referred to in the
following:   (a) The contents of the Operative Agreements and all
transactions  referred to therein.   (b) All matters which would be
apparent from an inspection of the  Transferred Assets by a prudent purchaser
and/or its professional  advisors.   (c) The contents and enclosures of all
documents which are annexed  hereto and all other documents that have been
made available to  Buyer or Buyer\'s professional advisors.   (d) The
contents of all correspondence between the Parties\' respective 
counsels.  Any disclosures made under the headings of one section of this
Disclosure Schedule may apply to or qualify as disclosures made under one or
more of the other sections if such disclosures could reasonably be read to be
in response to such other sections. Nothing in this Disclosure Schedule shall
constitute an admission of any liability or obligation of Seller to any third
party nor an admission against Seller\'s interest.  Those schedules which
by their nature must be updated to reflect the facts as of the Closing Date
will be updated by the Seller to reflect changed circumstances between the
Date of Execution and the Closing Date.  This Disclosure Schedule may
contain statements which are not statements of historical facts but
statements relating to the expected performance and prospects in relation to
the Transferred Assets and the business related thereto (including statements
as to revenue and profitability, expected growth in demand, expected industry
trends, anticipated completion or start-up dates for expansion projects), and
are qualified by or containing words such as "expects", "believes", "plans",
"intends", "estimates", "anticipates", "may", "will", "could" and similar
words ("FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS").  Forward Looking Statements involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause
actual results, performance or achievements of the Transferred Assets (and
the business related thereto) to be materially different from any future
results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these Forward
Looking Statements. These risks, uncertainties and other factors include,
among others:  (a) changes in political, social and economic conditions and
the regulatory  environment in Singapore, the region and elsewhere;  
36    EXECUTION COPY  (b) changes in currency exchange rates;  (c)
anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth;  (d) changes in
fees for services;  (e) changes in the availability and prices of products
needed to operate the  Transferred Assets (and the business related
thereto);  (f) changes in customer preferences, competitive conditions and
the ability to  compete under these conditions;  (g) changes in future
capital needs and the availability of financing and  capital to fund these
needs;  (h) business risks; and  (i) other factors beyond
Buyer\'s/Seller\'s control.  Given the risks and uncertainties that may
cause the actual future results, performance or achievements of the
Transferred Assets (and the business related thereto) to be materially
different from that expected, expressed or implied by the Forward Looking
Statements provided to Buyer (including buyer\'s professional advisers),
Seller is not representing or warranting that the actual future results,
performance or achievements of the Transferred Assets (and the
business related thereto) will be as indicated in the Forward Looking
Statements. Further, there is no obligation of Seller to update any of the
Forward Looking Statements to reflect future developments, events or
circumstances.  Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, Seller
discloses the matters set out in Appendix A hereto.   37    EXECUTION
COPY   SCHEDULES TO THE ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT   Disclosure Schedule  
Schedule A Additional Permitted Liens   Schedule 1.1. Transferred Asset
Listing   Sub Schedule 1.1.A. Property, Plant and Equipment   Sub Schedule
1.1.B. Inventory and Work in Process   Sub Schedule 1.1.C. Other Transferred
Assets   Schedule 1.2. Excluded Assets   Schedule 1.4. Assumed
Liabilities   Sub Schedule 1.4.A. Contracts to be Assumed Liabilities  
Sub Schedule 1.4.B. Other Assumed Liabilities   Schedule 2.2(a)1
Conveyances, Transfers, Assignments,  and Documents of Title   Schedule
2.2(a)2 Consents and Licenses   Schedule 3.1 Allocation Statement  
Schedule 4.1.A. Seller\'s Required Consents to Assignment, if any   Schedule
4.1.B. Seller\'s Required Consents to Novation, if any   Schedule 4.2.a.1.
Listing of Regular Employees   Schedule 4.2.a.2. Listing of Fixed Term
Hires   Schedule 4.2.(b). Summary of Buyer\'s Planned Employment Terms and 
Benefit Plans   Schedule 7.3(a) Governmental Actions   38    '

