 ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT    EXECUTION
COPY   EXHIBIT 2.1   ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT   This Asset Purchase
Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and entered into as of December 31, 2001,
by and between Pliant Corporation, a Utah corporation ("Parent"), Pliant
Investment, Inc., a Utah corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent
("Buyer"), on the one hand, and Decora Industries, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, and its operating subsidiary, Decora, Incorporated, a Delaware
corporation (collectively, "Seller"), on the other hand.   RECITALS  A.
Seller is generally engaged in the sourcing and distribution of  decorative
consumer self-adhesive products through retail customers (the 
"Business").  B. Seller wishes to sell to Buyer certain of the assets it
uses in  connection with the Business at the price and on the other terms
and  conditions specified in detail below and Buyer wishes to so purchase
and  acquire such assets from Seller.  C. Parent will effect the acquistion
of such assets from Seller through  Buyer.  D. The parties hereto recognize
that the Seller has filed petitions  commencing bankruptcy cases
(collectively, the "Case") under Chapter 11  of the United States Bankruptcy
Code with the United States Bankruptcy  Court for the District of Delaware
(the "Bankruptcy Court") on December  5, 2000 (the "Petition Date").   NOW,
THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:   ARTICLE
I.  TRANSFER OF ASSETS  Section 1.1 Purchase and Sale of Assets. On the
Closing Date, in consideration of the covenants, representations and
obligations of Parent and Buyer hereunder, and subject to the conditions
hereinafter set forth, Seller shall sell, assign, transfer, convey and
deliver to Buyer, and Buyer shall purchase from Seller, all of Seller\'s
right, title and interest as of the Closing Date in and to the following
assets (but excluding the Excluded Assets, as described in Section 1.2),
wherever located (collectively, the "Acquired Assets"):   (a) Real Property.
Seller\'s right, title and interest as owner of  that real property described
on Schedule 1.1(a) to this Agreement (the  "Real Property").   (b) Assumed
Contracts. Seller\'s right, title and interest (i) as  lessee under those
real property leases described on Schedule 1.1(b)(i)  to this Agreement
(collectively, the "Real Property Leases") and (ii) as  lessee under those
equipment, personal property and intangible property  leases, rental
agreements, licenses, contracts, agreements and similar  arrangements and as
a party to those other contracts, leases, orders,  purchase orders, licenses,
contracts, agreements and similar  arrangements described on Schedule
1.1(b)(ii) (collectively with the  Real Property Leases, the "Assumed
Contracts"). The parties acknowledge  and agree that Buyer shall have the
right to amend Schedules 1.1(b)(i)  and    1.1(b)(ii) at any time, and
from time to time, prior to the Closing and  thereby exclude any item set
forth on such schedules, whereupon such  item shall not be an Assumed
Contract.   (c) Improvements. Any improvements located on the Real
Property  occupied by Seller and on the premises occupied by the Seller under
the  Real Property Leases, but in all events only to the extent, if any, of 
Seller\'s interest in the same (collectively, the "Improvements").   (d)
Personal Property. All of those items of equipment and tangible  personal
property owned by Seller and described on Schedule 1.1(d)  attached to this
Agreement and any other tangible personal property  acquired by Seller after
the date hereof but prior to the Closing Date  used or held for use in
connection with the Business (collectively, the  "Personal Property"). As
used in this Agreement, the Personal Property  shall not include the
Inventory or the items set forth in Section  1.2(m).   (e) Intangible
Property. All intangible personal property owned or  held by Seller and used
or held for use in connection with the Business,  including all Intellectual
Property, but in all cases only to the extent  of Seller\'s interest therein
and only to the extent transferable,  together with all books, records and
like items pertaining thereto  (collectively, the "Intangible Property"),
including, without  limitation, the trademark "Con-Tact," the right to use
business  letterhead, business cards, sales and marketing materials, and
boxes,  containers and shippping materials bearing the "Decora" name until
the  current supply of such materials is exhausted, and the items
identified  on Schedule 1.1(e) hereto. As used in this Agreement,
Intangible  Property shall in all events exclude (i) any materials
containing  privileged communications or information about employees, the
disclosure  of which would violate an employee\'s reasonable expectation of
privacy  and any other materials which are subject to attorney-client,
attorney  work product, or any other privilege, and (ii) Seller\'s
Corporate  Records.   (f) Inventory. All supplies, goods, materials, work
in process,  inventory and stock in trade owned by Seller used or held for
use or  sale in the ordinary course of the Business wherever located 
(collectively, the "Inventory").   (g) Receivables. All accounts receivable
arising out of the sale of  Inventory in the ordinary course of the Business
and all causes of  action specifically pertaining to the collection of the
foregoing,  including all outstanding cash related thereto on the Closing
Date to  the extent such amounts are collected after the Closing Date or
not  previously applied against the Seller\'s debtor-in-possession credit 
facilities (collectively, the "Receivables").   (h) Books and Records. All
Books and Records of the Seller, other  than Seller\'s Corporate Records.  
(i) Certain Cash. All uncollected lock-box cash not previously  applied
against the DIP Loan Amount prior to the Closing Date to the  extent such
funds become collected after the Closing Date   (j) Permits. All Permits of
Seller.    2     (k) Product Rights. All rights of the Seller in and to
product sold  on or before the Closing Date (including products returned
after the  Closing Date and rights of rescission, replevin and
reclamation).   (l) Prepaid Items. All credits, prepaid expenses, deferred
charges,  advance payments, security deposits, and prepaid items related to
the  Business.   (m) Seller Claims. Any claims of Seller or its affiliates
against  Buyer or its affiliates relating to goods or services provided by
Buyer  or its affiliates to Seller or its affiliates.   (n) Goodwill. All
goodwill generated by or associated with the  Business.   Section 1.2
Excluded Assets. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
Section 1.1 or elsewhere in this Agreement, the Acquired Assets shall
not include, and such items shall not be part of the sale and purchase and
shall remain the property of Seller after the Closing Date (the "Excluded
Assets"):   (a) those items excluded pursuant to the provisions of Section
1.1  above;   (b) any cash, cash equivalents or cash collateralizing
letters of  credit or bank or other financial accounts of any Seller except
as  provided in Sections 1.1(g) and 1.1(i) above;   (c) Inventory
transferred, used or sold by Seller in the ordinary  course of the Business
prior to the Closing Date;   (d) any lease, rental agreement, contract,
agreement, license or  similar arrangement ("Contracts") not described on
Schedule 1.1(b) and  all rights and causes of action relating thereto;  
(e) any right, property or asset listed on Schedule 1.2 hereto;   (f) all
preference and avoidance claims and other causes of action of  the Seller
against persons other than parties to this Agreement,  including, without
limitation, any such claims and actions arising under  Sections 544, 547,
548, 549, or 550 of the United States Bankruptcy  Code;   (g) the Sellers\'
rights under this Agreement and all cash and  non-cash consideration payable
or deliverable to the Seller pursuant to  the terms and provisions
hereof;   (h) insurance proceeds, rights, claims, credits and causes of
action  with respect to or arising in connection with any Excluded Asset or
any  Excluded Liability, and all guarantees, warranties, indemnities, and 
similar rights in favor of Seller in respect of any Excluded Asset or 
Excluded Liability;   (i) any tax attribute of any Seller, including any
right to any tax  refund or net operating loss;    3     (j) Seller\'s
capital stock, minute books, stock records, and  corporate documents relating
to Seller\'s existence ("Corporate  Records");   (k) professional retainers
paid by any Seller;   (l) all rights in connection with and assets of the
Employee Plans;  and   (m) (i) all empty ink, solvent, or chemical drums
and containers in  excess of 25 such drums or containers, and (ii) all drums
and containers  containing waste or spent inks, solvents or chemicals,
located on the  Real Property.  Section 1.3 Instruments of Transfer. The
sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance and delivery of the Acquired Assets to
Buyer and the assumption of liabilities provided herein by Buyer shall be
made by appropriately executed assignments, deeds, bills of sale, and other
instruments of assignment, transfer and conveyance provided for in Section 3
below and such other instruments as may reasonably be requested by Buyer or
Seller to demonstrate satisfaction of the conditions and compliance with the
covenants set forth in this Agreement. None of the foregoing documents shall
increase in any material way the obligations imposed by this Agreement upon
Seller or Buyer.   ARTICLE II.  CONSIDERATION  Section 2.1 Purchase Price
and Acceptance of Consideration. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions
of this Agreement, the Buyer shall assume the Assumed Liabilities and pay to
the Seller in immediately available funds the sum of (a) all amounts
outstanding under the Seller\'s debtor-in-possession credit facilities, as of
the Closing Date, as identified on Schedule 2.1 (the "DIP Loan Amount") (in
the amount, as of October 31, 2001, of $15,690,685.87), and (b)
the Postpetition Expense Payment (such assumption and payments, collectively,
the "Purchase Price") at Closing. The Seller accepts, and hereby agrees that,
the payment of the Purchase Price as provided for in this Article II
constitutes payment in full and is the sole consideration for the sale,
transfer, conveyance, assignment and delivery of the Acquired Assets to the
Buyer by the Seller and for all of the other agreements of the Seller
provided for in this Agreement.  Section 2.2 Assumed Liabilities. Effective
on the Closing Date, the Buyer shall assume and perform the following
liabilities of the Seller (the "Assumed Liabilities") relating to the
Business:   (a) all amounts outstanding as of the Closing Date with respect
to  the postpetition trade accounts payable identified on Schedule  2.2(a),
representing amounts due and owing on account of trade  accounts payable
first arising on or after the Petition Date (in  the amount, as of October
31, 2001, of $3,833,580.94);   (b) the obligations of Seller in connection
with any Assumed  Contracts that first arise on or after the Closing Date;
and   4     (c) any obligations in connection with any of the Acquired
Assets  that first arise on or after the Closing Date.  In addition, Buyer
shall indemnify, defend (with counsel reasonably satisfactory to Seller),
protect, and save and hold Seller harmless from and against any and all
claims or demands asserted by any person or entity in connection with
the liabilities and obligations assumed by Buyer pursuant to this Section
2.2.  Section 2.3 Excluded Liabilities.The Buyer is not assuming and shall
not be liable for any of the Excluded Liabilities and the Seller shall retain
and be responsible for the discharge of all Excluded Liabilities whenever and
however arising.  Section 2.4 Postpetition Expense Payment. On the Closing
Date, the Buyer shall cause to be transferred to the Seller by wire transfer
of immediately available funds an amount attributed to the additional assumed
liabilities as of the Closing Date identified on an unitemized statement
which Seller shall submit to Buyer no less than two (2) Business Days prior
to the Closing (the "Postpetition Expense Payment"); provided, that, in no
event, shall the Postpetition Expense Payment be in excess of
$1,800,000.  Section 2.5 Assumption and Assignment of Assumed Contracts.
Buyer shall cooperate in all reasonable respects in connection with Sale
Motion proceedings commenced by Seller in accordance with Section 8.6(b) of
this Agreement for the purpose of obtaining, pursuant to the Approval Order,
an order of the Bankruptcy Court authorizing and directing the Seller to
assign the Assumed Contracts to Buyer pursuant to Section 365 of the
Bankruptcy Code and otherwise to gain approval for the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. For greater clarity, Buyer shall reasonably
cooperate in efforts to demonstrate "adequate assurance" of Buyer\'s
performance of its obligations under the Assumed Contracts; provided,
however, that no later than the Closing Date, Buyer may, in its sole and
complete discretion, elect to not provide "adequate assurance" with respect
to any Assumed Contract, in which case such Assumed Contract shall
not constitute an Assumed Contract, such Assumed Contract shall not be
assigned, transferred or conveyed to the Buyer as part of the Acquired
Assets, and the Seller shall remain solely and completely liable for all
obligations arising under such Assumed Contract. Any Contract for which
"adequate assurance" as set forth in this Section 2.5 is not given by the
Closing Date shall not be an Assumed Contract and shall either be rejected
under the Bankruptcy Code as of the Closing Date or as soon as is reasonably
practicable thereafter.  Section 2.6 Deposit. No later than the first (1st)
Business Day after the entry of the Procedures Order, Buyer shall deposit
with the Seller $1,000,000 (the "Deposit") in immediately available funds. If
the transactions contemplated herein terminate by reason of (i) Seller\'s
material default of its obligations hereunder (a "Seller Default
Termination"), (ii) the failure of a condition to Buyer\'s obligation to
purchase the Acquired Assets that is not within the Buyer\'s control, or
(iii) the consummation of a sale to a third party as described in Section
8.6(b) below, this Agreement shall be terminated and the Seller shall return
the Deposit in immediately available funds to Buyer within three (3) Business
Days of the occurrence of such event. In all other events, but except as
otherwise provided in Section 3.4(a), the Deposit shall be retained by Seller
for its own account, shall be deemed liquidated damages, and shall constitute
Seller\'s sole    5    and complete remedy for any claims against Buyer
relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.  
ARTICLE III.  CLOSING TRANSACTIONS  Section 3.1 Closing. The purchase and
sale and the closing of the transactions provided for herein (the "Closing")
shall take place at the offices of Latham and Watkins, Sears Tower - 58th
Floor, Chicago, Illinois or such other location as the parties determine. For
purposes of this Agreement, "Closing Date" means the time and date that the
Closing actually takes place.  Section 3.2 Closing Date. The Closing shall
be held within five (5) days after satisfaction or waiver of the conditions
to closing contained in Section 4, but in no event later than February 28,
2002 (the "Outside Date"); provided, however, that the Outside Date shall
automatically be extended for one (1) thirty (30) day period if the only
condition remaining to be satisfied is the condition specified in Section
4.1(c). In the event the conditions to Closing have not been satisfied or
waived on or before the Outside Date, then any party who is not in material
default hereunder may terminate this Agreement by delivering to the other
party written notice of termination. Alternatively, the parties may mutually
agree to an extended Outside Date. Until this Agreement is either terminated
or the parties have agreed upon an extended Outside Date, the parties shall
diligently continue to work to satisfy all conditions to Closing.  Section
3.3 Sellers\' Deliveries to Buyer at Closing. On the Closing Date, subject to
satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Sections 4.1 and 4.2,
Seller shall make the following deliveries to Buyer:   (a) an assignment and
assumption agreement, in a form agreed upon by  the parties hereto, duly
executed by Seller, pursuant to which Seller  assigns to Buyer the Assumed
Contracts (the "Assignment Agreement");   (b) deeds, bills of sale,
assignments and other instruments of  conveyance, all in form agreed upon by
the parties hereto, duly executed  by Seller, pursuant to which Seller
transfers to Buyer the Acquired  Assets other than the Assumed Contracts (the
"Other Transfer  Documents"); and   (c) the certificate provided for in
Section 4.3(a) and (d), duly  executed by Seller.  Section 3.4 Buyer\'s
Deliveries to Seller at Closing. On the Closing Date, subject to satisfaction
of the conditions precedent set forth in Sections 4.1 and 4.3, Buyer shall
make or cause to be made the following deliveries to Seller:   (a) payment
of the DIP Loan Amount and the Postpetition Expense  Payment by immediately
available funds via wire transfer (less the  Deposit which shall be credited
toward payment of the Purchase Price);   (b) the Assignment Agreement, duly
executed by Buyer; and     6     (c) the certificates provided for in
Sections 4.2(a) and (d), each  duly executed by Buyer.  Section 3.5
Prorations. Post-petition rent, current real property taxes, utilities and
other items of expense that are customarily prorated between parties to an
asset purchase and sale transaction shall be prorated between Seller and
Buyer as of the Closing Date. Except as set forth in Section 2.2,
all obligations due in respect of periods following the commencement of the
Case but prior to the Closing Date shall be paid in full or otherwise
satisfied by Seller and all obligations due in respect of periods on and
after the Closing Date shall be paid in full or otherwise satisfied by Buyer.
Post-petition rent shall be prorated on the basis of a thirty (30) day
month.  Section 3.6 Sales, Use and Other Taxes. To the extent the sale of
the Acquired Assets and other transactions contemplated hereby are subject
under applicable law to sales, transfer, use, stamp or similar taxes that are
not exempt under Bankruptcy Code Section 1146, such sales, transfer, use
stamp or similar taxes shall be borne by Seller.  Section 3.7 Possession.
Right to possession of the Acquired Assets shall transfer to Buyer on the
Closing Date. Seller shall transfer and deliver to Buyer on the Closing Date
such keys, lock and safe combinations and other similar items as Buyer shall
require to obtain immediate and full occupation and control of the Acquired
Assets, and shall also make available to Buyer at Seller\'s then existing
locations all documents in Seller\'s possession that are required to be
transferred to Buyer by this Agreement.   ARTICLE IV.  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
TO CLOSING  Section 4.1 Conditions Precedent to Obligation of the Seller and
the Buyer. Seller\'s and Buyer\'s obligations to make their respective
deliveries as set forth in Section 3 on the Closing Date shall be subject to
the satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:   (a) all
applicable waiting periods relating to the Hart-Scott-Rodino  Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976 shall have expired or been terminated  and any
proceedings that may have been filed or instituted thereunder by  any
governmental agency shall have been satisfactorily concluded;   (b) no
action, suit or other proceedings shall be pending before any  court,
tribunal or Governmental Authority seeking or threatening to  restrain or
prohibit the consummation of the transactions contemplated  by this
Agreement, or seeking to obtain substantial damages in respect  thereof, or
involving a claim that consummation thereof would result in  the violation of
any law, decree or regulation or any Governmental  Authority having
appropriate jurisdiction;   (c) the Bankruptcy Court shall have entered the
Procedures Order in  accordance with Section 8.6(a) below and the Approval
Order in  accordance with Section 8.6(b) below, and the Approval Order shall
not  have been stayed, modified, amended, dissolved, revoked or rescinded
in  any material way, as of the Closing Date; and    7     (d) the
Case shall not have been dismissed or converted to a  Chapter 7 bankruptcy
pursuant to provisions of the Bankruptcy Code.  Section 4.2 Conditions
Precedent to Seller\'s Obligations. Seller\'s obligation to make the
deliveries of Seller set forth in Section 3 on the Closing Date shall be
subject to the satisfaction or waiver by Seller of each of the following
conditions:   (a) all of the representations and warranties of Buyer
contained in  Section 6 shall continue to be true and correct as of the
Closing Date  in all material respects, all covenants and obligations to be
performed  by Buyer on or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed
in  all material respects, and Buyer shall have certified the foregoing to 
Seller in writing;   (b) Buyer shall have executed and delivered to Seller
the Assignment  Agreement and each other document reasonably requested by
Seller  pursuant to Section 1.3;   (c) Seller shall have received the total
Purchase Price;   (d) Buyer shall have delivered to Seller appropriate
evidence of all  necessary corporate action by Buyer in connection with the
transactions  contemplated herein, including, without limitation: (i)
certified copies  of resolutions duly adopted by Buyer\'s directors approving
the  transactions contemplated herein and authorizing the execution, 
delivery, and performance by Buyer of this Agreement; and (ii) a  certificate
as to the incumbency of officers of Buyer executing this  Agreement and any
instrument or other document delivered in connection  with the transactions
contemplated herein; and   (e) Seller shall have determined that it will not
incur any liability  under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification
Act in  connection with the consummation of this transaction.  Section 4.3
Conditions Precedent to Buyer\'s Obligations. Buyer\'s obligation to make the
deliveries of Buyer set forth in Section 3 on the Closing Date shall be
subject to the satisfaction or waiver by Buyer of each of the
following conditions:   (a) all of the representations and warranties of
Seller contained in  Section 5 shall continue to be true and correct on the
Closing Date in  all material respects, all covenants and obligations to be
performed by  Seller on or prior to the Closing Date shall have been
performed in all  material respects, and Seller shall have certified the
foregoing to  Buyer in writing;   (b) Seller shall have executed and
delivered to Buyer the Assignment  Agreement (if necessary), the Other
Transfer Documents, and each other  document reasonably requested by Buyer
pursuant to Section 1.3;   (c) Seller shall have delivered that certain
Policy of Title  Insurance dated May 5, 2000, and issued by First American
Title  Insurance Company of New York (Policy No. B 286485) (the "Title
Policy")  and that certain Survey dated May 6, 1965, and revised April 21,
2000,  and prepared by Coulter and McCormack (the "Survey"), and Buyer shall,
in  its    8     reasonable judgment, be satisfied that title to the
Real Property is  vested in fee simple to Decora, Incorporated, and that the
Survey  accurately describes the Real Property and accurately shows the
correct  boundaries of the Real Property, together with all buildings,
tanks,  fences, rail spurs, utility lines, parking lots, walks, easements
and  other items described on Item 8 of Schedule B of the Title Policy;  
(d) Seller shall have delivered to Buyer appropriate evidence of all 
necessary corporate action by Seller in connection with the transactions 
contemplated herein, including, without limitation: (i) certified copies  of
resolutions duly adopted by Seller\'s directors, approving the  transactions
contemplated herein and authorizing the execution,  delivery, and performance
by Seller of this Agreement; and (ii) a  certificate as to the incumbency of
officers of Seller executing this  Agreement and any instrument or other
document delivered in connection  with the transactions contemplated herein;
and   (e) Seller shall have removed the drums and containers described in 
Section 1.2(m).  Section 4.4 Termination. If any of the above conditions is
neither satisfied nor waived on or before the Outside Date, then any party
who is not then in default hereunder may terminate this Agreement by
delivering to the other written notice of termination. Upon termination by
Buyer pursuant to the second sentence of Section 2.6, the Deposit shall be
returned to the Buyer. Any waiver of a condition shall be effective only if
such waiver is stated in writing and signed by the waiving party; provided,
however, that the consent of a party to the Closing shall constitute a waiver
by such party of any conditions to Closing not satisfied as of the Closing
Date.   ARTICLE V.  SELLERS\' REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES   Seller
hereby makes the following representations and warranties to Buyer as of the
date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date:  Section 5.1 Validity of
Agreement. Upon obtaining the Approval Order, this Agreement shall constitute
the valid and binding obligation of Seller enforceable in accordance with its
terms.  Section 5.2 Organization, Standing and Power. Except as set forth in
Schedule 5.2, each of Decora Industries, Inc. and Decora, Incorporated is a
corporation duly organized and validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of the State of Delaware. Schedule 5.2 sets forth a complete and
accurate list of any other jurisdiction in which Seller does business and
indicates whether Seller is qualified to do business as a foreign corporation
and in good standing in such jurisdiction(s). Subject to the applicable
provisions of bankruptcy law, Seller has all requisite corporate power and
authority to own, lease and operate its properties, to carry on its business
as now being conducted and, subject to the Seller\'s obtaining the Approval
Order, to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and all writings
relating hereto. Seller has no material subsidiaries except as disclosed in
Schedule 5.2.  Section 5.3 No Conflicts or Violations. Upon obtaining the
Approval Order, the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the
consummation of the transactions contemplated herein, and the performance of,
fulfillment of and compliance with the terms and conditions hereof by Seller
do not and will not: (a) conflict with or result in a breach of the articles
of incorporation or the    9    by-laws of Seller; (b) violate any
statute, law, rule or regulation, or any order, writ, injunction or decree of
any court or Governmental Authority; or (c) violate or conflict with or
constitute a default or accelerate the maturity, performance or payment under
any agreement, instrument or writing of any nature to which Seller is a party
or by which Seller or its assets or properties may be bound.  Section 5.4
Title to the Acquired Assets. Seller has good and marketable title to the
Acquired Assets. At the Closing, Buyer will acquire all of Seller\'s right,
title and interest in and to all of the Acquired Assets, free and clear of
any liens, claims or encumbrances, subject to Section 2.2 hereof.  Section
5.5 Financial Information.   (a) Schedule 5.5 sets forth (i) audited
consolidated balance sheets of the Seller as of the end of each of the fiscal
years ended March 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999 (the "Audited Balance Sheets") and
the related audited consolidated statements of operations and retained
earnings and cash flows of the Seller for such fiscal years (the Audited
Balance Sheets and such audited consolidated statements of operations and
retained earnings and cash flows are hereinafter collectively referred to as
the "Audited Statements") and (ii) the unaudited consolidated balance sheets
of the Seller as of October 31 and November 30, 2001 as provided to the U.S.
Trustee in the Case (the "Unaudited Balance Sheets") and the unaudited
consolidated statements of operations of the Seller for each of the seven (7)
months ending October 31, 2001 (the Unaudited Balance Sheets and such
unaudited consolidated statements of operations are hereafter collectively
referred to as the "Unaudited Financial Statements" and, together with the
Audited Financial Statements, the "Financial Statements").   (b) The
Financial Statements, including without limitation the notes thereto, (i) are
complete and correct in all material respects, (ii) have been prepared in
accordance with the Books and Records of the Seller, and (iii) present fairly
the consolidated financial position of the Seller in the format required by
the U.S. Trustee in the Case, and their consolidated results of operations
and cash flows as of and for the respective dates and time periods
in accordance with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with prior
accounting periods, except as noted thereon and subject to, in the case of
the Unaudited Statements, the absence of footnotes and normal and recurring
year-end adjustments which are not expected to be material in amount. There
have been no changes in accounting methods (for financial accounting
purposes) made, agreed to, requested, or required with respect to the Seller
since March 31, 2000.   (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, since the end of
the Seller\'s last fiscal year on March 31, 2001, the Seller has not
evaluated its Inventories with respect to what Inventory, if any, may be
deemed to be slow moving or obsolete. Accordingly, no adjustments have been
made to give effect to any potential slow moving or obsolete Inventory.  
(d) During the past 24 months, Seller has neither received any management
letters from Seller\'s auditors to Seller\'s board of directors,
audit committee or senior financial officers nor sent any related
responses.    10    Section 5.6 Intellectual Property.   (a) Seller
has taken all necessary steps and actions to obtain,  maintain and renew all
Intellectual Property used or held for use in the  Business.   (b) To the
Seller\'s knowledge, the Seller owns or otherwise has the  right or license
to use the Intellectual Property, free and clear of all  liens (subject to
the approval of the Bankruptcy Court).   (c) No Approval of any third party
will be required for the use by  the Buyer of any of the Intellectual
Property or the transfer of the  Seller\'s rights therein to the Buyer.  
(d) No claims are currently pending, or to Seller\'s knowledge, are 
threatened in writing by any person involving or questioning the  Seller\'s
right to use any of the Intellectual Property or challenging or  questioning
the validity or effectiveness of any license or similar  agreement related to
the Intellectual Property.   (e) Except as set forth on Schedule 5.6(e), to
the Seller\'s  knowledge, the use of the Intellectual Property by the Seller
does not  infringe the rights of any person nor, to the Seller\'s knowledge,
is any  infringing use of the Intellectual Property currently ongoing by
any  person.  Section 5.7 Proceedings. There is no Proceeding pending or,
to the knowledge of the Seller, threatened, against the Seller relating to
the Business or any Acquired Assets, before any Governmental Authority that
may affect the Business or the Acquired Assets or that questions or
challenges the validity of this Agreement or any action taken or proposed to
be taken by the Seller pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or would, if adversely
determined, have a material adverse effect on the Seller or the Acquired
Assets.  Section 5.8 Compliance with Laws. Except those the failure of which
to be in compliance with would not reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on the Acquired Assets or the Business or materially impair or
delay the ability of the Seller to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby, (a) the Seller has not been notified in writing of and is not aware
of any violation of any laws binding on it relating to the Business or the
Acquired Assets, (b) since January 1, 2001, the Seller has not been notified
in writing, or senior management of the Seller does not have actual
knowledge, that it has been charged with or threatened in writing with, any
charge concerning, nor is the Seller under any investigation with respect to,
any violation of any provision of any law relating to the Business or the
Acquired Assets that has not already been resolved, and (c) the Seller is not
in violation of, or in default under, and no event has occurred which, with
the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would result in the
violation of or default under, the terms of any judgment, decree, order,
injunction or writ of any Governmental Authority relating to the Acquired
Assets or the Business.  Section 5.9 Approvals. Except for Approval of the
Bankruptcy Court or those for which the failure to obtain would not
reasonably be expected to have material adverse effect on the Acquired Assets
or the Business or materially impair or delay the ability of the Seller to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, no approval of any
Governmental Authority    11    or other person is required to be made,
obtained or given by or with respect to the Seller in connection with the
execution or delivery by the Seller of this Agreement, the performance by it
of its obligations hereunder or the consummation by it of the transactions
contemplated hereby, including without limitation the sale of the Acquired
Assets to the Buyer.  Section 5.10 Environmental Matters.   (a) The
Acquired Assets and operations of the Business are in  material compliance
with all Environmental Laws and with all  requirements of applicable
approvals issued pursuant to Environmental  Laws.   (b) Except as set forth
on Schedule 5.10(b), to the Seller\'s  knowledge, there are no actions
pending against the Seller that involve,  or relate to, environmental
conditions, noncompliance with Environmental  Laws or the release, use or
disposal of any Hazardous Materials at the  Real Property, and Seller has not
received any written notice from any  Governmental Authority or other Person
during the five years prior to  the date hereof claiming any violation of or
any potential liability  under any Environmental Law relating to the
Business, Acquired Assets or  Real Property.   (c) All permits, licenses,
authorizations, registrations and other  governmental consents required under
Environmental Laws ("Environmental  Permits") relating to the operation of
the Business and the Acquired  Assets, including the manufacture, processing,
distribution, use,  treatment, storage, disposal, discharge, emission,
transport, Release,  recycling or handling of Hazardous Materials in
connection with the  operation of the Business, are valid and in full force
and effect. To  the Seller\'s knowledge, there are no pending administrative
or judicial  proceedings to revoke, cancel, modify or declare such
Environmental  Permits invalid.   (d) To the Seller\'s knowledge, none of
the Real Property is listed in  the United States Environmental Protection
Agency\'s National Priorities  List of Hazardous Waste Sites under CERCLA or
any similar state list  under any comparable state statute.   (e) To the
Seller\'s knowledge, Seller has not received any written  notice from any
Governmental Authority or any other Person of any  allegation of any actual
or potential responsibility for any release of  any Hazardous Materials to or
at which Seller allegedly transported,  disposed or arranged for the disposal
of any Hazardous Materials.   (f) To the Seller\'s knowledge, there has not
been, and is not now  occurring, any material Release of any Hazardous
Material on, in, under,  about or from the Real Property, including, a
Release that has come to  be located on or under the Real Property.   (g)
To the Seller\'s knowledge, except as set forth on  Schedule 5.10(g), no
above ground or underground storage tanks or wells  are located on, under or
about the Real Property, or have been located  on, under or about the Real
Property and then subsequently been removed  or filled.   12    Section
5.11 Labor Matters.   (a) To the Seller\'s knowledge, during the past two
years there have  been no actual or threatened actions, work stoppages or
other labor  difficulties relating to any of the Seller\'s past or current
Union  Employees or Non-Union Employees. In addition, the Seller is a party
to  that certain Collective Bargaining Agreement with respect to Union 
Employees and, to the Seller\'s knowledge, is not in default of any of  the
material provisions contained in the Collective Bargaining  Agreement. Seller
has not been notified in writing of any pending  actions or grievances filed
with respect to the Collective Bargaining  Agreement.   (b) Seller is and
has been in material compliance with all applicable  laws regarding
employment and employment practices, terms and conditions  of employment,
wages and hours and is not and has not been engaged in  any unfair labor
practice.   (c) Except as disclosed on Schedule 5.11(c), there are no
pending  claims, and to Seller\'s knowledge, no threatened claims, by or on
behalf  of any of its employees under any federal, state or local labor or 
employment laws or regulations, including but not limited to, the Fair  Labor
Standards Act, the National Labor Relations Act, Labor Management  Relations
Act, Civil Rights Act of 1964, Civil Rights Act of 1991,  Walsh-Healy Act,
Davis Bacon Act, Post Civil War Civil Rights Acts, (42  USC Sections
1981-88), Age Discrimination in Employment Act, Older  Workers\' Benefit
Protection Act, Equal Pay Act of 1963, Executive Order  11246, Uniformed
Service Employees Employment and Reemployment Rights  Act, Occupational
Safety and Health Act, Employee Retirement Income  Security Act, Americans
with Disabilities Act, Rehabilitation Act of  1973, Family and Medical Leave
Act, Worker Adjustment and Retraining  Notification Act, applicable workers\'
and unemployment compensation  laws, all as amended, or any applicable
contract, tort or other common  law theories.   (d) Except as set forth on
Schedule 5.11(d), each of Seller\'s  employees is an "at-will" employee and
there are no written employment,  commission, compensation or severance
agreements of any kind between  Seller and any of its employees. True and
complete copies of each of  Seller\'s employment or supervisory manuals,
employment or supervisory  policies, and written information generally
provided to employees (such  as applications or notices) have been made
available to Buyer. Seller  does not have any agreements or understandings
with its employees except  as reflected in the items listed in Schedules
5.11(d) or any employment  practices contrary to those reflected in the items
made available to  Buyer.   (e) Except as set forth on Schedule 5.11(e),
Seller has no severance  pay plan, policy, practice or agreement with any of
its employees.  Seller shall have sole responsibility for severance pay, if
any, to its  employees for any termination of employment by Seller on, prior
to or  following the Closing Date.   (f) Schedule 5.11(f) contains a
complete and accurate list of all  directors, officers, employees or
consultants of Seller as of the date  hereof, specifying their names and job
title, the total amount paid or  payable as compensation to each such person,
and the basis    13     of such compensation, whether fixed or
commission or a combination  thereof, as of the date hereof.  Section 5.12.
ERISA. Except as disclosed on Schedule 5.12, (a) each pension plan (as
defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA) maintained or contributed by Seller which
is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a
determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service that such pension
plan is so qualified and no fact or circumstances exist which would adversely
affect the qualified status of such pension plan in form or operation, (b) no
pension plan maintained or contributed to by Seller is subject to the
provisions of Title IV of ERISA, the funding requirements of Section 412 of
the Code or is a multiemployer plan (as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of
ERISA), (c) no welfare plan (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA) maintained
by Seller provides post retirement medical or life coverage to any employees,
other than as required by COBRA, (d) each pension plan and welfare plan
maintained by Seller is in all material respects in compliance with the
provisions of ERISA, the Code and all applicable laws and Seller has not
received any written notice alleging the contrary with respect to any such
plans, (e) there is no action, claim or demand of any kind (other than
routine claims for benefit) that has been brought, or to Seller\'s knowledge
is threatened, against any such plans, and (f) each contribution or other
payment that is required to have been accrued or made under or with respect
to any such plans has been duly accrued and made on a timely
basis.  Section 5.13. Receivables. All Receivables that are reflected on the
March 31, 2001 Audited Balance Sheet or any Unaudited Balance Sheet or on the
accounting Books and Records of Seller as of the Closing Date represent or
will represent valid obligations arising from sales actually made or services
actually performed by Seller in the ordinary course of business. Except to
the extent paid prior to the Closing Date, such Receivables are or will be as
of the Closing Date current and collectible net of the respective reserves
shown on such balance sheets (which reserves are adequate and calculated
consistent with past practice). There is no contest, claim, defense or right
of setoff, other than returns in the ordinary course of business of Seller,
under any contract with any account debtor of a Receivable relating to the
amount or validity of such Receivable. Schedule 5.13 contains a complete and
accurate list of all Receivables as of the date of the October 31, 2001
Unaudited Balance Sheet, which list sets forth the aging of each such
Receivable.  Section 5.14 Inventory. Seller is not in possession of any
Inventory not owned by Seller, including goods already sold. Except for the
Inventory in possession of AtomicBox.com, Inc., no other person is in
possession of any Inventory of Seller. All of the Inventory has been valued
at the lower of cost or market value on a first in, first out basis.
Inventory now on hand that was purchased after the date of the Audited
Balance Sheet or the November 30, 2001 Unaudited Balance Sheet was purchased
in the ordinary course of business of Seller at a cost not exceeding market
prices prevailing at the time of purchase.  Section 5.15 Owned and Leased
Real Property. Schedules 1.1(a) and 1.1(b)(i) set forth the correct legal
description, street address and tax parcel number for each parcel of Real
Property owned or leased by Seller.  Section 5.16. Permits. Schedule 5.16
sets forth all material certificates, licenses, permits, authorizations, and
approvals issued or granted to Seller by Governmental Authorities that
are     14   necessary or desirable for the conduct of the Business
("Permits"). Except as set forth on Schedule 5.16, (i) all such Permits are
validly held by Seller, and Seller has complied in all material respects with
all terms and conditions of the Permits, (ii) during the past five years,
Seller has not received notice of any Proceedings relating to the revocation
or modification of any of such Permits, and (iii) none of such Permits will
be subject to suspension, modification, revocation, or nonrenewal as a result
of the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated herein. Seller possesses all Permits necessary to
own or lease and operate the Acquired Assets and to conduct the Business as
currently conducted.  Section 5.17 Post-Petition Trade Accounts Payable.
Each item set forth on Schedule 2.2(a) represents a bona fide trade account
payable of Seller first incurred by Seller in the ordinary course of business
on or after the Petition Date, and Schedule 2.2(a) reflects the true and
correct amount owed by Seller for all trade accounts payable, individually,
and in the aggregate, as of October 31, 2001 and as of the Closing Date (with
respect to a revised version of such Schedule delivered as of the Closing
Date).  Section 5.18 Disclosure. No representation or warranty of Seller
contained in this Agreement, and no statement contained in any other
document, certificate, or schedule furnished or to be furnished by or on
behalf of Seller by any of its representatives pursuant to this Agreement,
contains or will contain any untrue statement of a material fact, or omits or
will omit to state any material fact necessary, in light of the circumstances
under which it was or will be made, in order to make the statements herein or
therein not misleading or necessary in order to fully and fairly provide the
information required to be provided in any such document, certificate or
schedule.   ARTICLE VI.  PARENT\'S AND BUYER\'S REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES   Parent and Buyer hereby make the following representations
and warranties to Seller as of the date of this Agreement and as of the
Closing Date:  Section 6.1 Validity of Agreement. All action on the part of
Parent and Buyer necessary for the authorization, execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement by Parent and Buyer, including, but not limited
to, the performance of Parent\'s and Buyer\'s obligations hereunder, has been
duly taken. This Agreement when executed and delivered by Parent and Buyer,
shall constitute the valid and binding obligation of Parent and Buyer
enforceable in accordance with its terms.  Section 6.2 Organization,
Standing and Power. Each of Parent and Buyer is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Utah.
Each of Parent and Buyer has all requisite corporate power and authority to
own, lease and operate its properties, to carry on its respective business as
now being conducted and to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and
all writings relating hereto.  Section 6.3 No Conflicts or Violations. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement, the consummation of the
transactions contemplated herein, and the performance of, fulfillment of and
compliance with the terms and conditions hereof by Parent and Buyer do not
and will not: (i)    15    conflict with or result in a breach of the
articles of incorporation or by-laws of Parent and Buyer; (ii) violate any
statute, law, rule or regulation, or any order, writ, injunction or decree of
any court or Governmental Authority; or (iii) violate or conflict with or
constitute a default under any agreement, instrument or writing of any nature
to which Parent and Buyer is a party or by which Parent and Buyer or its
assets or properties may be bound.  Section 6.4 Financing. Buyer has
sufficient funds available to consummate the transactions contemplated herein
- THERE IS NO FINANCING CONTINGENCY WITH RESPECT TO THIS TRANSACTION.  
ARTICLE VII.  "AS IS" TRANSACTION   BUYER HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES
THAT, EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN ARTICLE 5 ABOVE OR ELSEWHERE
IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE SELLER MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES
WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO ANY MATTER RELATING TO THE
ACQUIRED ASSETS INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, INCOME TO BE DERIVED OR
EXPENSES TO BE INCURRED IN CONNECTION WITH THE ACQUIRED ASSETS, THE PHYSICAL
CONDITION OF ANY PERSONAL PROPERTY COMPRISING A PART OF THE ACQUIRED ASSETS
OR WHICH IS THE SUBJECT OF ANY OTHER ASSUMED CONTRACT TO BE ASSUMED BY BUYER
AT THE CLOSING, THE ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITION OR OTHER MATTERS RELATING TO THE
PHYSICAL CONDITION OF ANY REAL PROPERTY OR IMPROVEMENTS WHICH THE SELLER OWNS
OR WHICH ARE THE SUBJECT OF ANY REAL PROPERTY LEASE TO BE ASSUMED BY BUYER AT
THE CLOSING, THE ZONING OF ANY SUCH REAL PROPERTY OR IMPROVEMENTS, THE VALUE
OF THE ACQUIRED ASSETS (OR ANY PORTION THEREOF), THE TRANSFERABILITY OF THE
ACQUIRED ASSETS, THE TERMS, AMOUNT, VALIDITY OR ENFORCEABILITY OF ANY ASSUMED
LIABILITIES, THE TITLE TO THE ACQUIRED ASSETS (OR ANY PORTION THEREOF), THE
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS OF THE PERSONAL PROPERTY OR ANY OTHER PORTION OF
THE ACQUIRED ASSETS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR ANY OTHER MATTER OR THING
RELATING TO THE ACQUIRED ASSETS OR ANY PORTION THEREOF. WITHOUT IN ANY WAY
LIMITING THE FOREGOING, SELLER HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE AS TO ANY
PORTION OF THE ACQUIRED ASSETS. BUYER FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT BUYER
HAS CONDUCTED AN INDEPENDENT INSPECTION AND INVESTIGATION OF THE PHYSICAL
CONDITION OF THE ACQUIRED ASSETS AND ALL SUCH OTHER MATTERS RELATING TO OR
AFFECTING THE ACQUIRED ASSETS AS BUYER DEEMED NECESSARY OR APPROPRIATE AND
THAT IN PROCEEDING WITH ITS ACQUISITION OF THE ACQUIRED ASSETS, EXCEPT FOR
ANY REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN ARTICLE 5 OR
ELSEWHERE IN THIS AGREEMENT, BUYER IS DOING SO BASED SOLELY UPON SUCH
INDEPENDENT INSPECTIONS AND INVESTIGATIONS. ACCORDINGLY, BUYER WILL ACCEPT
THE ACQUIRED ASSETS AT THE CLOSING "AS IS," "WHERE IS," AND "WITH ALL
FAULTS."    16     ARTICLE VIII.  CONDUCT AND TRANSACTIONS PRIOR TO
CLOSING  Section 8.1 Access to Records and Properties of Seller. From and
after the date of this Agreement until the Closing Date, Seller shall, upon
reasonable advance notice, afford to Buyer\'s officers, independent public
accountants, counsel, lenders, consultants and other representatives who
shall be bound as "Representatives" under the confidentiality agreement
heretofore signed by Parent, reasonable access during normal business hours
to the Acquired Assets and all records pertaining to the Acquired Assets or
the Business. Buyer, however, shall not be entitled to access any materials
containing privileged communications or information about employees,
disclosure of which might violate an employee\'s reasonable expectation of
privacy.  Section 8.2 Notice of Filings. From and after the date hereof
until the Closing Date, Seller shall provide Buyer with drafts of all
documents, agreements or other instruments proposed to be included in any
filings with the Court related to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement (each, a "Court Document" and, collectively, the "Court Documents")
and a reasonable opportunity for Buyer to comment thereon prior to the
filing, of any such Court Document with the Court (Court Documents so filed,
collectively, "Court Filings"). Seller shall provide Buyer with all Court
Filings and any responses or objections to such Court Filings in a timely
manner.  Section 8.3 Hart-Scott-Rodino Cooperation. To the extent
applicable, Parent, Buyer and Seller shall cooperate with each other (at
their respective sole cost and expense) to comply with, and provide the
information required by, the pre-merger notification and waiting period rules
of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 (codified in
Section 18(a) of Title 15, U.S. Code), if necessary, in any Federal Trade
Commission regulations, and in any provisions or regulations of or relating
to the Clayton Act. In that connection, Parent, Buyer and Seller shall use
diligent efforts to make their joint pre-merger notification filing with the
Federal Trade Commission, if necessary, no later than three (3) days
following the hearing of the Sale Motion, if Buyer is the successful bidder.
The parties acknowledge that a Hart-Scott-Rodino filing would not appear to
be necessary.  Section 8.4 Operation of Seller\'s Business Pending Closing.
From the date hereof to the Closing Date, except as permitted by the prior
written consent of Buyer, or as required by the Bankruptcy Court or
applicable law: (a) the Business shall be conducted only in the ordinary
course of business and in a manner consistent with past practice of the
Business and Seller shall not take any action in connection with the
operation of the Business except in the ordinary course of Business and in a
manner consistent with past practice of the Business; (b) Seller shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact the Business, maintain the
Acquired Assets in working order, condition and repair (subject to ordinary
wear and tear), comply with all laws applicable to the Business, keep
available the services of employees whose continuing employment in connection
with the Business is advantageous to the conduct of the Business, and
preserve the present relationships of the Business with customers and
suppliers and other persons with which the Business has significant
business relations; (c) Seller shall not take any actions or omit to take any
actions, the effect of which would result in (i) material acceleration of the
sale of the Inventory or material acceleration of the generation or
collection of Receivables or (ii)    17     material deferral or
delay in the payment of accounts payable or capital expenditures relative to
the past practices of the Business; (d) Seller shall not modify, amend or
otherwise alter or change any of the material terms or provisions of any
Assumed Contracts; and (e) Seller shall continue to seek customary trade
credit and shall make payments to trade vendors consistent with the Seller\'s
past practices since the Petition Date.  Section 8.5 Employees. The Seller
shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to retain all of the employees
engaged in the Business, and to maintain in good standing through the Closing
all relationships and agreements with employees, independent contractors, or
consultants necessary to the Business, in each case from the date hereof
through the Closing Date and to cooperate with the Buyer in hiring employees
engaged in the Business who are offered employment by the Buyer; provided,
that the foregoing shall not require that the Seller offer employment to any
person who is employed by the Seller on or prior to the Closing
Date.  Section 8.6 Bankruptcy Court Approvals.   (a) Bankruptcy Court
Approval of Sale Procedures. Seller has filed a  motion (the "Sale Procedure
Motion") with the Bankruptcy Court and shall  use reasonable efforts to
obtain the entry of an order (the "Procedures  Order") (i) fixing the time,
date, and location of a hearing (the  "Approval Hearing") to approve
Sellers\' consummation of this Agreement,  (ii) fixing the time and date of
an auction (the "Auction") to be held  at Young Conaway Stargatt and Taylor,
LLP, Eleventh Floor, Wilmington  Trust Center, 1100 North Market Street,
Wilmington, Delaware, at which  higher and better offers to purchase the
Acquired Assets may be  presented to Seller, (iii) providing that if Seller
receives from a  third party a higher and better offer to purchase the
Acquired Assets at  the Auction, and such third party offer is subsequently
approved by the  Bankruptcy Court and closes as provided by its terms, then
Buyer will be  entitled to receive from Seller a flat fee payment (not
dependent on  amounts actually expended or incurred by Buyer) in immediately
available  funds in the amount of three percent (3%) of the aggregate of
the  Purchase Price (the "Break-Up Fee") which payment shall be made to
Buyer  concurrently with the consummation of such third party sale and (iv)
no  prospective purchaser who bids for the Acquired Assets at the Auction 
shall be entitled to purchase the Acquired Assets unless such  prospective
purchaser offers to purchase the Acquired Assets for  consideration which is
at least five percent (5%) greater than the  aggregate of the Purchase Price
and otherwise on terms at least as  favorable to Seller as those set forth in
this Agreement, as determined  by HLHZ and the Seller. Should overbidding
take place, Buyer shall have  the right, but not the obligation, to
participate in the overbidding and  to be approved as the overbidder at the
Approval Hearing based upon  Buyer\'s submission of the highest and best
offer to purchase the  Acquired Assets and Seller\'s acceptance of such
overbid.   (b) Bankruptcy Court\'s Approval of Sale. Promptly after the
date  hereof, Seller shall file a motion with the Bankruptcy Court (the
"Sale  Motion") requesting entry of an order (the "Approval Order") which, 
among other things, (i) approves the sale of the Acquired Assets to  Buyer on
the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement (or such  higher and
better terms and conditions offered at the Auction) and  authorizes the
Seller to proceed with this transaction or such higher  and better
transaction, (ii) includes specific    18     findings that (A) this
Agreement was proposed and negotiated by Buyer  and Seller in good faith and
at arm\'s length, (B) Buyer is a good faith  purchaser of the Acquired Assets
under Section 363(m) of the Bankruptcy  Code, and (C) the provisions of
Section 363(n) of the Bankruptcy Code  have not been violated, (iii)
authorizes and directs the Seller to sell  the Acquired Assets to Buyer
pursuant to this Agreement and Section 363  of the Bankruptcy Code, free and
clear of all liens, claims, interests,  liabilities and encumbrances other
than the Assumed Liabilities, (iv)  authorizes and directs Seller to assume
and assign the pre-Petition Date  Assumed Contracts to Buyer pursuant to
Section 365 of the Bankruptcy  Code and pay all cure amounts payable to the
counterparties to the  Assumed Contracts as a condition to such assumption
and assignment, (v)  authorizes and directs the Seller to execute, deliver,
perform under,  consummate and implement this Agreement, together with all
additional  instruments and documents that may be reasonably necessary or
desirable  to implement the foregoing, and (vi) permanently enjoins each and
every  holder of a lien, claim or interest that is not an Assumed Liability 
from commencing, continuing or otherwise pursuing or enforcing any  remedy,
claim or cause of action against Buyer relative to such lien,  claim or
interest. Following the filing of the Sale Motion, Seller shall  use
reasonable efforts to obtain entry of the Approval Order. Both  Buyer\'s and
Seller\'s obligations to consummate the transactions  contemplated herein
which Buyer and Seller may hereafter enter into  shall be conditioned upon
the Bankruptcy Court\'s entry of the Approval  Order.   ARTICLE IX. 
ADDITIONAL COVENANTS  Section 9.1 Employment Matters.   (a) As of the
Closing Date, the Buyer shall employ those salaried  employees of Seller
listed on Schedule 9.1(a), without diminution of  base salary or
responsibility for not less than six (6) months after the  Closing Date
unless terminated by the Buyer for cause (the "Transferred  Employees"). The
parties acknowledge and agree that Buyer shall have the  right to amend
Schedule 9.1(a) at any time, and from time to time, prior  to the Closing and
to exclude any employee of Seller listed on such  schedule, and any such
employee who is excluded by Buyer from such  schedule shall not be employed
by Buyer at the Closing and shall not be  a Transferred Employee.   (b) The
Buyer will recognize all years of service of the Transferred  Employees with
the Seller for purposes of eligibility to participate in  and to vest under
those employee benefit plans, within the meaning of  Section 3(3) of ERISA,
of the Buyer in which the Transferred Employees  are eligible to participate
in after the Closing Date.   (c) The Buyer shall recognize all years of
service of the Transferred  Employees with the Seller for purposes of
vacation and severance accrual  under the Buyer\'s vacation and severance
policies. The Buyer shall cause  all pre-existing condition exclusions under
any medical and dental plans  made available by the Buyer to Transferred
Employees to be waived in  respect of such employees and dependents, but only
to the extent  Seller\'s medical and dental plans recognize such Transferred
Employees  and their dependents as having satisfied any pre-existing
conditions  exclusion under Seller\'s medical and dental    19    
plans. The Buyer shall take commercially reasonable efforts to ensure  that
the medical and dental plans made available by Buyer to Transferred 
Employees credit such Transferred Employees\' and their dependents with  the
amount of out-of-pocket expense limitations and deductibles  satisfied under
the Sellers\' medical and dental plans.   (d) To the extent required by law,
the Buyer shall be responsible for  providing continuation coverage as
required by COBRA, under a group  health plan maintained by the Buyer, to the
Transferred Employees and  other qualified beneficiaries under COBRA with
respect to such employees  engaged in the Business as of the Closing Date,
who have a COBRA  qualifying event (due to termination of employment with the
Seller or  otherwise) solely as a result of the transactions contemplated by
this  Agreement. The Buyer shall indemnify and hold Seller harmless from
any  and all damages, liabilities, claims or expenses incurred by the
Seller  as a result of the failure of the Buyer to comply with any of the 
requirements of COBRA, including applicable notice requirements.   (e) No
provision of this Section 9.1 shall create any third party  beneficiary or
other rights in any employee or former employee  (including any beneficiary
or dependent thereof) of the Seller or of any  of its subsidiaries in respect
of employment or continued employment (or  resumed employment) with either
the Business, the Buyer, or any of its  affiliates and no provision of this
Section 9.1 shall create any such  rights in any such persons in respect of
any benefits that may be  provided, directly or indirectly, under any of
Seller\'s employee benefit  plans or any plan or arrangement which may be
established by the Buyer  or any of its affiliates. No provision of this
Agreement shall  constitute a limitation on rights to amend, modify or
terminate after  the Closing Date any such plans or arrangements of the Buyer
or any of  its affiliates.   (f) The Buyer shall assume the obligations and
duties of the Seller  specified in the Collective Bargaining Agreement. As a
result, it is the  intent of the parties to satisfy the provisions of Section
4204 of ERISA  with respect to any obligation that Seller may have under the
Paper  Industry Union-Management Pension Fund (the "Plan"). Therefore, 
Seller and Buyer agree that, after the Closing, Buyer shall continue  making
contributions to the Plan in accordance with the terms of the  Collective
Bargaining Agreement for substantially the same number of  contribution base
units for which Seller had an obligation to contribute  to the Plan on the
Closing Date and that each party will attempt to  comply with the
requirements of Section 4204 of ERISA, or obtain a  variance therefrom.
Nothing contained herein shall prevent Buyer from  modifying or otherwise
eliminating Buyer\'s obligations to contribute to  the Plan under the
Collective Bargaining Agreement to the extent  permitted by law. However, in
the event Buyer withdraws from the Plan  under Sections 4203 or 4205 of ERISA
prior to the fifth anniversary of  the Closing Date, then Buyer shall
indemnify and hold Seller harmless  from any claims made (including all costs
or liabilities incurred)  against Seller for withdrawal liability by the
Plan.   (g) With respect to each Transferred Employee, the Buyer agrees
that  each such Transferred Employee who is terminated by Buyer as a result
of  (i) termination without cause, (ii) Buyer requiring the Transferred 
Employee to relocate from the Transferred Employee\'s current domicile,  or
(iii) substantial diminution in the Transferred Employee\'s base  salary or
responsibility, in each case, on or prior to the six (6) month   
20     anniversary of the Closing Date shall receive a severance payment
from  Buyer that is not less than the amount provided for each such 
Transferred Employee on Schedule 9.1(a), which severance payments or  amounts
have been approved by the Seller\'s Board of Directors and the  Seller\'s
creditors\' committee.  Section 9.2 Name Change. The Seller covenants that
at the Closing, or as soon thereafter as is practicable (but in no event
later than the ninetieth day after the Closing Date), it will not use the
corporate names "Decora Industries, Inc." and "Decora, Incorporated" or any
names similar thereto in any business activity except as is necessary for the
administration of the Bankruptcy Cases and except in the conduct or operation
of any Excluded Assets.   ARTICLE X.  MISCELLANEOUS  Section 10.1
Attorneys\' Fees. In the event that either party hereto brings an action or
other proceeding to enforce or interpret the terms and provisions of this
Agreement, the prevailing party in that action or proceeding shall
be entitled to have and recover from the non-prevailing party all such fees,
costs and expenses (including, without limitation, all court costs and
reasonable attorneys\' fees) as the prevailing party may suffer or incur in
the pursuit or defense of such action or proceeding.  Section 10.2
Reasonable Access to Records and Certain Personnel. So long as the Case is
pending: (a) Buyer shall permit Sellers\' counsel and other professionals
employed in the Case reasonable access to the financial and other books and
records relating to the Acquired Assets or the Business (whether
in documentary or data form) for the purpose of the continuing administration
of the Case (including, without limitation, the pursuit of any
avoidance, preference or similar action), which access shall include (i) the
right of such professionals to copy, at Sellers\' expense, such documents and
records as they may request in furtherance of the purposes described above,
and (ii) Buyer\'s copying and delivering to Seller or its professionals such
documents or records as they may request, but only to the extent Seller or
its professionals furnishes Buyer with reasonably detailed written
descriptions of the materials to be so copied and Seller reimburses Buyer for
the reasonable costs and expenses thereof); and (b) Buyer shall provide
Seller and such professionals (at no cost to Seller) with reasonable access
to Ron Artzer, Rob Hanlon, Dana Case and those former Seller employees who
are Transferred Employees at the time of any such request who have access to
the financial and other records of Seller which are acquired by Buyer
hereunder during regular business hours to assist Seller in the continuing
administration of the Case, provided that such access does not unreasonably
interfere with Buyer\'s business operations.  Section 10.3 Notices. Unless
otherwise provided herein, any notice, request, instruction or other document
to be given hereunder by any party to the other shall be in writing and
delivered by any of the following methods: (a) hand delivery; (b) certified
U.S. mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid; (c) overnight courier;
or (d) facsimile, in each case directed to the following persons and at the
following addresses or facsimile numbers, or such other person(s),
address(es), and number(s) as to which written notice has been given:   
21     If to the Buyer, to   Pliant Corporation  1515 Woodfield Road,
Suite 600  Schaumburg, Illinois 60173  Telecopy: 847-969-3338  Attention:
Brian Johnson  E-mail: Brian.johnson@pliantcorp.com   with a copy (which
shall not constitute notice) to:   Stoel Rives LLP  201 South Main Street,
Suite 1100  Salt Lake City, UT 84111  Telecopy: 801-578-6999  Attention:
Ronald Moffitt  E-mail: rmoffitt@stoel.com   If to Sellers, to:   Decora
Industries  1 Mill Street  Fort Edward, New York 12828  Telecopy:
518-747-9425  Attention: Ron Artzer  E-mail: rartzer@decoraind.com   with
copies (which shall not constitute notice) to:   Latham and Watkins  233
South Wacker Drive  Sears Tower - Suite 5800  Chicago, Illinois 60606 
Telecopy: 312-993-9767  Attention: Marc Bassewitz  E-mail:
marc.bassewitz@lw.com   and   Latham and Watkins  633 West Fifth Street,
Suite 4000  Los Angeles, California 90071-2007  Telecopy: 213-891-8763 
Attention: Robert Klyman  E-mail: robert.klyman@lw.com    22    or to
such other place and with such other copies as any party may designate as to
itself by written notice to the others. All notices will be deemed
received as follows: (i) in the event of hand-delivery, on the date of
delivery; (ii) in the event of delivery by certified U.S. mail, on the date
of receipt appearing on the return receipt card; (iii) in the event of
delivery by overnight courier service, on the next Business Day following
deposit with such service for delivery; or (iv) in the event of transmission
by facsimile, on the date of receipt printed by the sending facsimile machine
when it reports that the transmission is complete.  Section 10.4 Entire
Agreement. This instrument and the documents to be executed pursuant hereto
contain the entire agreement between the parties relating to the sale of the
Acquired Assets. Any oral representations or modifications concerning this
Agreement or any such other document shall be of no force and effect
excepting a subsequent modification in writing, signed by the party to be
charged.  Section 10.5 Modification. This Agreement may be modified, amended
or supplemented only by a written instrument duly executed by all the
parties hereto.  Section 10.6 Closing Date. All actions to be taken at the
Closing pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to have occurred
simultaneously, and no act, document or transaction shall be deemed to have
been taken, delivered or effected until all such actions, documents and
transactions have been taken, delivered or effected.  Section 10.7
Severability. Should any term, provision or paragraph of this Agreement be
determined to be illegal or void or of no force and effect, the balance of
the Agreement shall survive except that, if Buyer cannot acquire and Seller
cannot sell substantially all of the Acquired Assets, either party
may terminate this Agreement, and it shall be of no further force and effect,
unless both parties agree in writing to the contrary.  Section 10.8
Captions. All captions and headings contained in this Agreement are for
convenience of reference only and shall not be construed to limit or extend
the terms or conditions of this Agreement.  Section 10.9 Further Assurances.
Each party hereto will execute, acknowledge and deliver any further
assurance, documents and instruments reasonably requested by any other party
hereto for the purpose of giving effect to the transactions contemplated
herein or the intentions of the parties with respect thereto.  Section
10.10 Waiver. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be
deemed, or shall constitute, a waiver of other provisions, whether or not
similar, nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver. No waiver shall
be binding unless executed in writing by the party making the
waiver.  Section 10.11 Brokerage Obligations. Seller is represented by HLHZ
as its exclusive sales agent with respect to the transactions contemplated
herein pursuant to Seller\'s engagement agreement with HLHZ, and HLHZ\'s fees
and expenses are to be paid by Seller in accordance with the terms and
provisions of such engagement agreement. Seller and Buyer each represent and
warrant to the other that, except for HLHZ, such party has incurred no
liability to any broker or agent with respect to the payment of any
commission, fees or expenses regarding the   23     consummation of
the transaction contemplated hereby. Except for fees and expenses of HLHZ
payable by Seller in accordance with the aforementioned engagement agreement,
it is agreed that if any claims for commissions, fees or other compensation,
including, without limitation, brokerage fees, finder\'s fees, or commissions
are ever asserted against Buyer or Seller in connection with this
transaction, all such claims shall be handled and paid by the party whose
actions form the basis of such claim and such party shall indemnify, defend
(with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the party entitled
to indemnification), protect, and save and hold the other harmless from and
against any and all such claims or demands asserted by any person, firm or
corporation in connection with the transaction contemplated
hereby.  Section 10.12 Payment of Fees and Expenses. Except as provided in
Sections 10.1 and 10.11, each party to this Agreement shall be responsible
for, and shall pay, all of its own fees and expenses, including those of its
counsel, incurred in the negotiation, preparation and consummation of the
Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein.  Section 10.13
Survival. Except for covenants and agreements hereunder to be performed after
the Closing Date, none of the respective representations, warranties,
covenants and agreements of Seller and Buyer herein, or in any certificates
or other documents delivered prior to or at the Closing, shall survive the
Closing.  Section 10.14 Assignments. This Agreement shall not be assigned by
either party hereto without the prior written consent of the other party
hereto.  Section 10.15 Binding Effect. Subject to the provisions of Section
10.14 above, this Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the
respective heirs, personal representatives, successors, and assigns of the
parties hereto.  Section 10.16 Applicable Law. This Agreement shall be
governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State
of Delaware.  Section 10.17 Construction. In the interpretation and
construction of this Agreement, the parties acknowledge that the terms hereof
reflect extensive negotiations between the parties and that this Agreement
shall not be deemed, for the purpose of construction and interpretation,
drafted by either party hereto.  Section 10.18 Counterparts. This Agreement
may be signed in counterparts. The parties further agree that this Agreement
may be executed by the exchange of facsimile signature pages.  Section
10.19 Time is of the Essence. Time is of the essence in this Agreement, and
all of the terms, covenants and conditions hereof.  Section 10.20 Bankruptcy
Court Jurisdiction. BUYER AND SELLER AGREE THAT THE BANKRUPTCY COURT SHALL
HAVE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OVER ALL DISPUTES AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING TO
(a) THE INTERPRETATION AND ENFORCEMENT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY ANCILLARY
DOCUMENT EXECUTED PURSUANT HERETO; AND/OR (b) THE PROPERTY AND/OR ASSUMED
LIABILITIES, AND BUYER EXPRESSLY CONSENTS TO AND AGREES NOT TO CONTEST SUCH
EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION.    24    Section 10.21 Performance by Buyer.
Parent shall cause Buyer prior to the Closing Date to comply with its
obligations hereunder and shall, subject to the terms herein, cause Buyer to
consummate the transaction contemplated herein and whenever prior to the
Closing Date this Agreement requires Buyer to take any action, such
requirement shall be deemed to include an undertaking of Parent to cause
Buyer to take such action.   ARTICLE XI.  DEFINITIONS   Capitalized terms
used in this Agreement shall have the following meanings:   "Acquired
Assets" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 1.1
hereof.   "Agreement" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the
preamble to this Agreement.   "Approval" shall mean any approval,
authorization, consent, license, franchise, order or permit of or by, notice
to, or filing or registration with, a person.   "Approval Hearing" shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 8.6(a) hereof.  
"Approval Order" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
Section 8.6(b) hereof.   "Assignment Agreement" shall have the meaning
ascribed to such term in Section 3.3(a) hereof.   "Assumed Contracts" shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 1.1(b) hereof.   "Assumed
Liabilities" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.2
hereof.   "Auction" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
Section 8.6(a).   "Audited Balance Sheets" shall have the meaning ascribed
to such term in Section 5.5(a) hereof.   "Audited Statements" shall have
the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 5.5(a) hereof.   "Bankruptcy
Court" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the recitals to this
Agreement.   "Books and Records" shall mean originals or copies of all
books, financial and other records and information which has been reduced to
written, recorded or encoded form relating to the Business or the Acquired
Assets, including without limitation, customer lists and related sales
histories, credit policies and credit information with respect to existing
customers, distribution and sales lists, broker, agent and distributor lists,
supplier lists, existing cost and    25    pricing data, existing
business plans, advertising and promotion plans and materials, product
development plans, product advertisement and packaging designs, forecasts,
market research reports, competitor information, reference catalogs and
product efficacy research in each case in existence as of the date hereof, as
such items may be modified or augmented in the ordinary course
of business.   "Break-Up Fee" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term
in Section 8.6(a) hereof.   "Business" shall have the meaning ascribed to
such term in the recitals to this Agreement.   "Business Day" shall mean a
day that is not a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banks in the State of
New York are required or authorized to close for regular banking
business.   "Buyer" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the
preamble to this Agreement.   "Case" shall have the meaning ascribed to
such term in the recitals to this Agreement.   "CERCLA" shall mean the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980,
as amended.   "Closing" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
Section 3.1 hereof.   "Closing Date" shall have the meaning ascribed to
such term in Section 3.1 hereof.   "COBRA" shall mean the provisions of the
Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as set forth in
Section 4980B of the Code and Part I, Section I of ERISA.   "Code" shall
mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder.   "Collective Bargaining Agreement"
shall mean (i) the Agreement dated March 14, 1999 by and between Decora
Manufacturing and the Union, (ii) or the Agreement effective January 6,
2002-March 13, 2005 by and between Seller and the Union or (iii) such other
agreement as the Buyer may negotiate with the Union.   "Contracts" shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 1.2(d) hereof.  
"Corporate Records" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section
1.2(j) hereof.   "Court Document" shall have the meaning ascribed to such
term in Section 8.2 hereof.   "Court Filing" shall have the meaning
ascribed to such term in Section 8.2 hereof.   "Deposit" shall have the
meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.6 hereof.   "DIP Loan Amount"
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(a) hereof.   
26     "Employee Plans" shall mean any "employee benefit plans" as defined
in Section 3(3) of ERISA and any other material plans or programs pursuant to
which Seller has an obligation to provide compensation or other employee
benefits to any present or former employee or any beneficiary thereof.  
"Environmental, Health and Safety Liabilities" means any cost,
damages, expense, liability, obligation or other responsibility arising from
or under any Environmental Laws or Occupational Safety and Health Law,
including those consisting of or relating to:   (a) any environmental,
health or safety matter or condition  (including on-site or off-site
contamination, occupational safety  and health and regulation of any chemical
substance or product);   (b) any fine, penalty, judgment, award, settlement,
legal or  administrative proceeding, damages, loss, claim, demand or 
response, remedial or inspection cost or expense arising under  any
Environmental Law or Occupational Safety and Health Law;   (c) financial
responsibility under any Environmental Law or  Occupational Safety and Health
Law for cleanup costs or  corrective action, including any cleanup, removal,
containment or  other remediation or response actions ("Cleanup") required by
any  Environmental Law or Occupational Safety and Health Law (whether  or
not such Cleanup has been required or requested by any  Governmental
Authority or any other person) and for any natural  resource damages; or  
(d) any other compliance, corrective or remedial measure required  under any
Environmental Law or Occupational Safety and Health  Law.   The terms
"removal," "remedial," and "response action" include the types  of activities
covered by the United States Comprehensive Environmental  Response,
Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA).   "Environmental Laws"
shall mean Laws relating to the protection of the environment and/or human
health and safety from environmental effects or to the generation,
management, removal, remediation, emission, discharge, control, processing,
use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport, release, recycling, or handling
of Hazardous Materials including, without limitation, CERCLA and the Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. section 6901 et seq.) and
the regulations promulgated thereunder.   "Environmental Permits" shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 5.10(c) hereof.   "ERISA"
shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended.   "Excluded Assets" shall have the meaning as ascribed to such term
in Section 1.2 hereof.   27     "Excluded Liabilities" shall mean every
liability of Seller other than the Assumed Liabilities, including, without
limitation:   (i) any liability arising out of or relating to products of
Seller to  the extent manufactured or sold prior to the Closing Date;  (ii)
any liability under any Assumed Contract pursuant to Section  1.1(b) that
arises after the Closing Date, but that arises out of  or relates to any
breach that occurred prior to the Closing Date;  (iii) any liability for
taxes, including (A) any taxes arising as a  result of Seller\'s operation of
the Business or ownership of the  Assets prior to the Closing Date and (B)
any deferred taxes of  any nature;  (iv) any liability under any contract
not assumed by Buyer under  Sections 1.1(b) or 2.5;  (v) any Environmental,
Health and Safety Liabilities arising out of  or relating to Seller\'s
operation of the Business or Seller\'s  leasing, ownership or operation of
Real Property or personal  property;  (vi) except as provided in Section
9.1(f), any liability under the  Employee Plans or relating to payroll,
vacation, sick leave,  workers\' compensation, unemployment benefits, pension
benefits,  employee stock option or profit-sharing plans, deferred 
compensation plans or contracts, health care plans or benefits or  any other
employee plans or benefits of any kind for Seller\'s  employees or former
employees or both;  (vii) any liability under any employment, severance,
retention or  termination agreement with any employee of Seller or any of
its  related persons;  (viii) any liability arising out of or relating to
any employee  grievance whether or not the affected employees are hired by 
Buyer;  (ix) any liability of Seller to any shareholder or related person
of  Seller or any shareholder;  (x) any liability to or any obligation to
indemnify, reimburse or  advance amounts to any officer, director, employee
or agent of  Seller;  (xi) any liability to distribute to any of Seller\'s
shareholders or  otherwise apply all or any part of the consideration
received  hereunder;  (xii) any liability arising out of any Proceeding
pending as of the  Closing Date;  (xiii) any liability arising out of any
Proceeding commenced after the  Closing Date and arising out of or relating
to any occurrence or  event happening prior to the Closing Date;  (xiv) any
liability arising out of or resulting from Seller\'s  compliance or non-
compliance with any legal requirement or order  of any Governmental
Authority;  (xv) any liability of Seller under this Agreement or any other 
document executed in connection with this Agreement;  (xvi) any liability of
Seller based upon Seller\'s acts or omissions  occurring after the Closing
Date; and  (xvii) any amounts Seller may be required to pay to counterparties
to  the Assumed Contracts pursuant to Section 365 of the Bankruptcy  Code as
a condition to assuming and assigning any such Assumed  Contract(s).  
28     "Financial Statements" shall have the meaning ascribed in Section
5.5(a) hereof.   "GAAP" shall mean generally accepted accounting principles
in the United States, consistently applied.   "Governmental Authority"
shall mean any foreign, federal, state, local or other governmental,
administrative or regulatory authority, body, agency, court, tribunal or
similar entity including any arbitrator or arbitration panel.   "Hazardous
Materials" shall mean any substance: (i) the presence of which requires or
may require investigation, remediation, monitoring or control of any kind
under any Environmental Laws; or (ii) which is or becomes regulated or
defined as "hazardous waste," "hazardous material," "hazardous
substance," "friable asbestos," "radioactive material," "radioactive waste,"
"low-level radioactive waste," "oil," "petroleum," "petroleum products,"
"polychlorinated biphenyls," "volatile organic compounds" (including those
that are airborne) or "wastewater" under any Environmental Law.   "HLHZ"
shall mean Houlihan Lokey Howard and Zukin Capital.   "Improvements" shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 1.1(c) hereof.  
"Intangible Property" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section
1.1(e) hereof.   "Intellectual Property" shall mean all of the following
irrespective of where any of the same were issued, are pending or exist that
are owned by, issued to or licensed by the Seller: United States and foreign
patents of any description, and applications therefor; United States (federal
and state) and foreign trademarks (and goodwill associated therewith) and
other trade names, labels, trade dress, advertising and package designs, and
other trade rights, whether or not registered and all applications therefor;
United States and foreign copyrights, whether or not registered and all
applications therefor (including copyrights in computer software and computer
software documentation, source code and systems documentation); Web sites,
know-how, trade secrets, business leads, research and results thereof,
technology, techniques, data, methods, processes, instructions, drawings and
specifications, inventions, discoveries, improvements, designs, processes,
formulae, recipes, whether patented or patentable or not (whether or not such
items have been reduced to written, computer-readable or other tangible
form); shop rights and license agreements and other agreements of every kind
and character relating to any of the foregoing; and all claims and causes of
action relating to any of the foregoing, including claims and causes of
action for past infringement.   "Inventory" shall have the meaning ascribed
to such term in Section 1.1(f) hereof.   "knowledge" shall mean, with
respect to Seller, the actual knowledge of Ron Artzer, Rob Hanlon, Jim
Harder, Mike Kilbane, Dana Case or Dick DeCoste.   "Non-Union Employees"
shall mean those employees of Seller whose terms  of employment are not
governed by the Collective Bargaining Agreement.    29    
"Occupational Safety and Health Law" means any legal requirement designed to
provide safe and healthful working conditions and to reduce occupational
safety and health hazards, including the Occupational Safety and Health Act,
and any program, whether governmental or private designed to provide safe and
healthful working conditions.   "Other Transfer Documents" shall have the
meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.3(b) hereof.   "Outside Date"
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.2 hereof.  
"Parent" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the preamble to this
Agreement.   "Permits" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
Section 5.16 hereof.   "Personal Property" shall have the meaning ascribed
to such term in Section 1.1(d) hereof.   "Petition Date" shall have the
meaning ascribed to such term in the recitals to this Agreement.   "Plan"
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 9.1(f) hereof.  
"Postpetition Expense Payment" shall have the meaning ascribed to it
in Section 2.4 hereof.   "Procedures Order" shall have the meaning ascribed
to such term in Section 8.6(a) hereof.   "Proceeding" shall mean any
action, arbitration, audit, hearing, investigation, litigation, or suit
(whether civil, criminal, administrative, judicial, or investigative, whether
formal or informal, and whether public or private) commenced, brought,
conducted, or before, or otherwise involving any Governmental Authority.  
"Purchase Price" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1
hereof.   "Real Property" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
Section 1.1(a) hereof.   "Real Property Leases" shall have the meaning
ascribed to such term in Section 1.1(b)(i) hereof.   "Receivables" shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 1.1(g) hereof.  
"Release" shall mean the spilling, leaking, disposing, discharging, emitting,
depositing, ejecting, leaching, escaping or any other release or threatened
release, however defined, whether intentional or unintentional, of any
Hazardous Material.   "Sale Motion" shall have the meaning ascribed to such
term in Section 8.6(b) hereof.    30     "Sale Procedure Motion" shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 8.6(a) hereof.   "Seller"
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the preamble to this
Agreement.   "Seller Default Termination" shall have the meaning ascribed to
such term in Section 2.6 hereof.   "Survey" shall have the meaning ascribed
to such term in Section 4.3(c) hereof.   "Title Policy" shall have the
meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.3(c) hereof.   "Transferred
Employees" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 9.1(a)
hereof.   "Unaudited Balance Sheets" shall have the meaning ascribed to such
term in Section 5.5(a) hereof.   "Unaudited Financial Statements" shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 5.5(a) hereof.   "Union"
shall mean Decora Local Union No. 1-0013, Paper, Allied Industrial and
Chemical and Energy Workers International Union, AFL-CIO.   "Union Employees"
shall mean those employees of Seller whose terms of employment are governed
by the Collective Bargaining Agreement.    31      IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have executed this Asset Purchase Agreement as of the day
and year first above written.    PLIANT CORPORATION    /s/ 
-------------------------------------------------  Name: Brian E. Johnson 
Its: Executive Vice President and Chief  Financial Officer     PLIANT
INVESTMENT, INC.    /s/ 
------------------------------------------------  Name: Brian E. Johnson 
Its: Executive Vice President    DECORA INDUSTRIES, INC.    /s/ 
----------------------------------------------  Name: Ronald A. Artzer  Its:
Chief Executive Officer     DECORA, INCORPORATED    /s/ 
----------------------------------------------  Name: Ronald A. Artzer  Its:
Chief Executive Officer        '

