 EXHIBIT 2.1   EXECUTION COPY Exhibit
2.1   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
REORGANIZATION ("Reorganization Agreement" or "Agreement"), dated as of July
30, 2002, by and among VIB CORP ("Seller"), a California corporation having
its principal executive office at 1498 Main Street, El Centro, California
92243, COOPERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN-BOERENLEENBANK B.A., RABOBANK
NEDERLAND ("Purchaser"), a cooperative bank organized under the laws of The
Netherlands having its registered office in Amsterdam, The Netherlands, and
UTRECHT-AMERICA ACQUISITION CORP. I ("Merger Sub"), a California corporation
having its principal executive office at 245 Park Avenue, New York, New York
10167.   WITNESSETH   WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire that Seller shall
be acquired by Purchaser through the merger ("Merger") of Merger Sub with and
into Seller, with Seller as the surviving corporation ("Surviving
Corporation"), pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger substantially in
the form attached hereto as Annex A ("Plan of Merger"); and   WHEREAS, the
parties hereto desire to provide for certain undertakings, conditions,
representations, warranties and covenants in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby;   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and
of the mutual representations, warranties and covenants herein contained and
intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto do hereby agree as
follows:   DEFINITIONS   1.1 "Agreement" is defined in the preamble
hereto.   1.2 "Advisory Board" is defined in Section 4.11 hereof.   1.3
"Bank Holding Company Act" shall mean the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956,
as amended.   1.4 "CADFI" shall mean the California Department of
Financial Institutions.   1.5 "Claim" is defined in Section 4.9(b)
hereof.   1.6 "Closing Date" shall mean the date specified pursuant to
Section 4.8 hereof as the date on which the parties hereto shall close the
transactions contemplated herein.   1.7 "Code" shall mean the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.      1.8 "Commission" or "SEC" shall
mean the Securities and Exchange Commission.   1.9 "Confidentiality
Agreement" is defined in Section 4.5 hereof.   1.10 "Covered Parties" is
defined in Section 4.9(c) hereof.   1.11 "DPC Shares" is defined in the Plan
of Merger.   1.12 "Effective Date" shall mean the date specified pursuant to
Section 4.8 hereof as the effective date of the Merger.   1.13 "ERISA"
shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended.   1.14 "ERISA Affiliate" is defined in Section 2.13(a) hereof.  
1.15 "Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended.   1.16 "FDIA" shall mean the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.  
1.17 "FDIC" shall mean the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.   1.18
"Federal Reserve Board" shall mean the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System.   1.19 "Indemnified Parties" is defined in Section 4.9(b)
hereof.   1.20 "Insurance Amount" is defined in Section 4.9(d) hereof.  
1.21 "Intellectual Property" means domestic and foreign letters
patent, patents, patent applications, patent licenses, software licensed or
owned, know-how licenses, trade names, common law and other trademarks,
service marks, licenses of trademarks, trade names and/or service marks,
trademark registrations and applications, service mark registrations and
applications and copyright registrations and applications.   1.22 "KBW" is
defined in Section 2.17 hereof.   1.23 "Material Adverse Effect" shall mean,
with respect to Seller or Purchaser, as the case may be, a material adverse
effect on the business, prospects, results of operations or financial
condition of such party and any Subsidiary of such party taken as a whole or
a material adverse effect on such party\'s ability to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby; provided, however, that in determining
whether a Material Adverse Effect has occurred there shall be excluded any
effect on the referenced party the cause of which is (i) any change in
banking or similar laws, rules or regulations of general applicability or
interpretations thereof by courts or governmental authorities; (ii) any
change in generally accepted accounting principles or
regulatory accounting     2   requirements applicable to banks or
their holding companies, generally with respect to clause (i) or (ii), to the
extent that a change does not materially affect the referenced party to a
materially different extent than other similarly situated banking
organizations; and (iii) any action or omission of Seller or Purchaser or any
Subsidiary of either of them taken with the prior written consent of
Purchaser or Seller, as applicable, in contemplation of the Merger.   1.24
"Merger" is defined in the recitals hereto.   1.25 "Merger Consideration" is
defined in the Plan of Merger.   1.26 "Merger Sub" is defined in the
preamble to this Agreement.   1.27 "Nasdaq" shall mean the Nasdaq Stock
Market.   1.28 "Plan of Merger" is defined in the recitals hereto.   1.29
"Previously Disclosed" shall mean disclosed prior to the execution hereof in
a letter dated of even date herewith from the party making such disclosure
and delivered to the other parties prior to the execution hereof.   1.30
"Proxy Statement" shall mean the proxy statement (or similar documents)
together with any supplements thereto sent to the shareholders of Seller to
solicit their votes in connection with this Agreement and the Plan
of Merger.   1.31 "Purchaser" is defined in the preamble to this
Agreement.   1.32 "Purchaser Plan" is defined in Section 4.9(a) hereof.  
1.33 "Rights" shall mean warrants, options, rights, convertible securities
and other arrangements or commitments which obligate an entity to issue or
dispose of any of its capital stock, and stock appreciation
rights, performance units and other similar stock-based rights whether they
obligate the issuer thereof to issue stock or other securities or to pay
cash.   1.34 "Rights Agreement" shall mean the Preferred Shares
Rights Agreement, dated August 14, 2001, between Seller and U.S. Stock
Transfer Corporation, as rights agent.   1.35 "Reorganization Agreement" is
defined in the preamble to this Agreement.   1.36 "SEC Documents" shall
mean all reports and registration statements filed, or required to be filed,
by a party hereto pursuant to the Securities Laws.   1.37 "Securities Act"
shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.   1.38 "Securities Laws"
shall mean the Securities Act; the Exchange Act; the Investment Company Act
of 1940, as    3   amended; the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as
amended; the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended; and the rules and
regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.   1.39 "Seller" is
defined in the preamble to this Agreement.   1.40 "Seller Bank" shall mean
Valley Independent Bank.   1.41 "Seller Common Stock" is defined in Section
2.1 hereof.   1.42 "Seller Financial Statements" shall mean (i) the
consolidated balance sheets of Seller as of March 31, 2002 and as of December
31, 2001 and 2000 and the related consolidated statements of income and
expense, cash flows and shareholders\' equity (including related notes, if
any) for the three months ended March 31, 2002 and each of the three years
ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively, as filed by Seller in
SEC Documents; (ii) the consolidated balance sheets of Seller and related
consolidated statements of income and expense, cash flows and changes in
shareholders\' equity (including related notes, if any) as filed by Seller in
SEC Documents with respect to any periods ended subsequent to March 31, 2002;
and (iii) the consolidated balance sheets of Seller and related consolidated
statements of income and expense, cash flows and changes in shareholders\'
equity (including related notes, if any) with respect to the period ended
June 30, 2002, as provided by Seller to Purchaser prior to the date
hereof.   1.43 "Seller Plan" is defined in Section 2.13(a) hereof.   1.44
"Seller Preferred Stock" is defined in Section 2.1 hereof.   1.45
"Subsidiary" or "Subsidiaries" shall mean with respect to any party, any
bank, corporation, partnership or other organization, whether incorporated or
unincorporated, which is consolidated with such party for financial reporting
purposes.   1.46 "Surviving Corporation" is defined in the recitals
hereto.   1.47 "Takeover Laws" is defined in Section 2.24 hereof.   1.48
"Takeover Proposal" is defined in Section 4.7(b)(xiv) hereof.   1.49 "Tax,"
collectively, "Taxes," shall mean all taxes, however denominated, including
any interest, penalties, criminal sanctions or additions to tax (including,
without limitation, any underpayment penalties for insufficient estimated tax
payments) or other additional amounts that may become payable in respect
thereof (or in respect of a failure to file any Tax Return when and as
required), imposed by any federal, state, local or foreign government or any
agency or political subdivision of any such government, which taxes shall
include, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, all income taxes,
payroll and employment taxes, withholding taxes (including withholding taxes
in connection with amounts paid or owing to any employee, independent
contractor, creditor, shareholder or other person or entity), unemployment
insurance taxes, social security (or similar) taxes, sales and use taxes,
excise taxes, franchise taxes, gross receipts taxes, occupation taxes, real
and personal property taxes, stamp taxes, value    4   added taxes,
transfer taxes, profits or windfall profits taxes, licenses in the nature of
taxes, estimated taxes, severance taxes, duties (custom and
others), workers\' compensation taxes, premium taxes, environmental taxes
(including taxes under Section 59A of the Code), disability taxes,
registration taxes, alternative or add-on minimum taxes, estimated taxes, and
other fees, assessments, charges or obligations of the same or of a similar
nature.   1.50 "Tax Return," collectively, "Tax Returns," shall mean all
returns, reports, estimates, information statements or other written
submissions, and any schedules or attachments thereto, required or permitted
to be filed pursuant to the statutes, rules and regulations of any federal,
state, local or foreign government Tax authority, including, but not limited
to, original returns and filings, amended returns, claims for refunds,
information returns and accounting method change requests.   1.51
"Termination Fee" is defined in Section 6.2(b) hereof.   1.52 "Trust Account
Shares" is defined in the Plan of Merger.   ARTICLE 2.  REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES OF SELLER   Seller hereby represents and warrants to Purchaser
and Merger Sub as follows:   2.1. CAPITAL STRUCTURE OF SELLER   The
authorized capital stock of Seller consists of (i) 10,000,000 shares of
preferred stock, no par value ("Seller Preferred Stock"), none of which
is issued and outstanding; and (ii) 125,000,000 shares of common stock, no
par value ("Seller Common Stock"), 13,585,838 shares of which are issued
and outstanding and no shares of which are held in treasury. As of the date
hereof, no shares of Seller Preferred Stock or Seller Common Stock are
reserved for issuance, except that (i) 1,076,960 shares of Seller Common
Stock are reserved for issuance upon the exercise of stock options heretofore
granted under the Seller Plans (as contemplated in Section 2.13(a)); and (ii)
200,000 shares of Seller Preferred Stock are reserved for issuance upon the
exercise of the rights distributed to the holders of Seller Common Stock
pursuant to the Rights Agreement. All outstanding shares of Seller Common
Stock have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and
nonassessable. Seller does not have and is not bound by any Rights which are
authorized, issued or outstanding with respect to the capital stock of Seller
except as set forth above. None of the shares of Seller\'s capital stock has
been issued in violation of the preemptive rights of any person.   2.2.
ORGANIZATION, STANDING AND AUTHORITY OF SELLER   Seller is a duly organized
corporation, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
State of California with full corporate power and authority to carry on its
business as now conducted and is duly licensed or qualified to do business in
the states of the United States and foreign jurisdictions where its ownership
or leasing of property or the conduct of its business requires such
qualification, except where the failure to be so    5   licensed or
qualified would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Seller. Seller is
registered as a bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act.  
2.3. OWNERSHIP OF SELLER SUBSIDIARIES; CAPITAL STRUCTURE OF
SELLER SUBSIDIARIES   As of the date hereof, Seller does not own, directly
or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding capital stock or
other voting securities of any corporation, bank or other organization except
the Seller Subsidiaries and as Previously Disclosed. Seller has Previously
Disclosed to Purchaser a list of all of the Seller Subsidiaries, including a
summary description of each Subsidiary\'s activities and the authority under
which each Subsidiary is held by Seller. Except as Previously Disclosed, the
outstanding shares of capital stock or other equity interests of each Seller
Subsidiary have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid
and (except as provided by applicable law) nonassessable, and all such shares
or equity interests are directly or indirectly owned by Seller free and clear
of all liens, claims and encumbrances. No Seller Subsidiary has or is bound
by any Rights which are authorized, issued or outstanding with respect to the
capital stock or other equity interests of any Seller Subsidiary and, except
as Previously Disclosed, there are no agreements, understandings or
commitments relating to the right of Seller to vote or to dispose of such
shares. None of the shares of capital stock or other equity interests of any
Seller Subsidiary has been issued in violation of the preemptive rights of
any person.   2.4. ORGANIZATION, STANDING AND AUTHORITY OF SELLER
SUBSIDIARIES   Each Seller Subsidiary is a duly organized corporation,
banking association or other organization, validly existing and in good
standing under applicable laws. Each Seller Subsidiary (i) has full power and
authority to carry on its business as now conducted; and (ii) is duly
licensed or qualified to do business in the states of the United States and
foreign jurisdictions where its ownership or leasing of property or the
conduct of its business requires such licensing or qualification, except
where failure to be so licensed or qualified would not have a Material
Adverse Effect on Seller. Each Seller Subsidiary has all federal, state,
local and foreign governmental authorizations necessary for it to own or
lease its properties and assets and to carry on its business as it is now
being conducted, except where the failure to be so authorized would not have
a Material Adverse Effect on Seller. Seller Bank is a member in good standing
of the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco and owns the requisite amount
of shares therein.   2.5. AUTHORIZED AND EFFECTIVE AGREEMENT   (a) Seller
has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform all
of its obligations under this Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of
Merger. The execution and delivery of this Reorganization Agreement and the
Plan of Merger and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate
action in respect thereof on the part of Seller, except for the affirmative
vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Seller Common
Stock entitled to vote thereon, which is the only    6   shareholder
vote required to approve the Plan of Merger pursuant to the California
General Corporation Law and Articles of Incorporation, as amended, and Bylaws
of Seller. The Board of Directors of Seller has directed that this Agreement
and the Plan of Merger be submitted to shareholders of Seller for approval at
a special meeting to be held as soon as practicable.   (b) Assuming the
accuracy of the representation contained in Section 3.2(b) hereof, this
Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of Merger constitute legal, valid and
binding obligations of Seller, enforceable against it in accordance with
their respective terms, subject as to enforceability, to bankruptcy,
insolvency and other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting
creditors\' rights, to the supervisory and enforcement powers of applicable
regulatory agencies, and to general equity principles.   (c) Neither the
execution and delivery of this Reorganization Agreement or the Plan of
Merger, nor consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby,
nor compliance by Seller with any of the provisions hereof or thereof shall
(i) conflict with or result in a breach of any provision of the articles or
certificate of incorporation or association, charter or bylaws of Seller or
any Seller Subsidiary; (ii) assuming the consents and approvals contemplated
by Section 4.3 hereof are duly obtained, constitute or result in a breach of
any term, condition or provision of, or constitute a default under, or give
rise to any right of termination, cancellation or acceleration with respect
to, or result in the creation of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any
property or asset of Seller or any Seller Subsidiary pursuant to, any note,
bond, mortgage, indenture, license, agreement or other instrument or
obligation; or (iii) assuming the consents and approvals contemplated by
Section 4.3 hereof and the consents and approvals which are Previously
Disclosed are duly obtained, violate any order, writ, injunction, decree,
statute, rule or regulation applicable to Seller or any Seller Subsidiary,
except (in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above) for such violations,
rights, conflicts, breaches, creations or defaults which, either individually
or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Seller.  
(d) Other than as contemplated by Section 4.3 hereof, no consent, approval or
authorization of, or declaration, notice, filing or registration with, any
governmental or regulatory authority, or any other person, is required to be
made or obtained by Seller or any Seller Subsidiary on or prior to
the Closing Date in connection with the execution, delivery and performance
of this Agreement and the Plan of Merger or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. As of the date hereof, Seller is
not aware of any reason that the condition set forth in Section 5.1(b) of
this Agreement, including the proviso thereto, would not be satisfied.  
2.6. SEC DOCUMENTS; REGULATORY FILINGS   Seller has filed all SEC Documents
required by the Securities Laws and such SEC Documents complied, as of their
respective dates, in all material respects with the Securities Laws. Seller
and each Seller Subsidiary has filed all reports required by statute or
regulation to be filed with any federal or state bank regulatory agency,
except where the failure to so file would not have a Material Adverse Effect
on Seller, and such reports    7   were prepared in accordance with the
applicable statutes, regulations and instructions in existence as of the date
of filing of such reports in all material respects.   2.7. FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS; BOOKS AND RECORDS; MINUTE BOOKS   The Seller Financial
Statements filed by Seller in SEC Documents prior to the date of this
Agreement fairly present, and the Seller Financial Statements filed by Seller
after the date of this Agreement shall fairly present, the consolidated
financial position of Seller and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the
dates indicated and the consolidated income, changes in shareholders\' equity
and cash flows of Seller and its consolidated Subsidiaries for the periods
then ended, and each such financial statement has been or shall be, as the
case may be, prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles applicable to financial institutions applied on a consistent basis
except as disclosed therein and except, in the case of unaudited statements,
as permitted by Form 10-Q. The books and records of Seller and each Seller
Subsidiary fairly reflect in all material respects the transactions to which
it is a party or by which its properties are subject or bound. Such books and
records have been properly kept and maintained and are in compliance with all
applicable legal and accounting requirements in all material respects. The
minute books of Seller and each Seller Subsidiary contain records, which are
accurate in all material respects of all corporate actions of
the shareholders and Board of Directors (including committees of its Board
of Directors) of Seller or applicable Seller Subsidiaries.   2.8. MATERIAL
ADVERSE CHANGE   Seller has not, on a consolidated basis, suffered any
change in its financial condition, results of operations or business or
prospects since June 30, 2002, which individually or in the aggregate with
any other such changes would constitute a Material Adverse Effect with
respect to Seller.   2.9. ABSENCE OF UNDISCLOSED LIABILITIES   Neither
Seller nor any Seller Subsidiary has any liability (contingent or otherwise),
excluding contractually assumed contingencies, that would have a Material
Adverse Effect on Seller, or that, when combined with all
similar liabilities, would have a Material Adverse Effect on Seller, except
as disclosed in the Seller Financial Statements filed with the SEC prior to
the date hereof and except for liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of
business subsequent to June 30, 2002.   2.10. PROPERTIES   Seller and the
Seller Subsidiaries have good and marketable title free and clear of all
liens, encumbrances, charges, defaults or equitable interests to all of the
properties and assets, real and personal, which, individually or in the
aggregate, are material to the business of Seller and its Subsidiaries taken
as a whole, and which are reflected on the Seller Financial Statements as of
June 30, 2002, or acquired after such date, except (i) liens for Taxes
not yet due and payable; (ii) pledges to secure deposits and other
liens    8   incurred in the ordinary course of banking business; (iii)
such imperfections of title, easements and encumbrances, if any, as are not
material in character, amount or extent; and (iv) dispositions and
encumbrances for adequate consideration in the ordinary course of business.
All leases pursuant to which Seller or any Seller Subsidiary, as lessee,
leases real and personal property which, individually or in the aggregate,
are material to the business of Seller and its Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, are valid and enforceable in accordance with their respective terms,
except where the failure of such lease or leases to be valid and enforceable
would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect
on Seller. All tangible property used in the business of Seller and its
Subsidiaries is in good condition, reasonable wear and tear excepted, and is
usable in the ordinary course of business consistent with Seller\'s and
Seller Subsidiaries\' past practices.   2.11. LOANS   (a) Each loan
reflected as an asset in the Seller Financial Statements (i) is evidenced by
notes, agreements or other evidences of indebtedness which are true, genuine
and what they purport to be; (ii) to the extent secured, has been secured by
valid liens and security interests which have been perfected; and (iii) is
the legal, valid and binding obligation of the obligor named therein,
enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency,
fraudulent conveyance and other laws of general applicability relating to or
affecting creditors\' rights and to general equity principles, in each case,
other than loans as to which the failure to satisfy the foregoing standards,
individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect on
Seller.   (b) The allowance for loan losses reflected on the Seller
Financial Statements, as of their respective dates, is in all material
respects consistent with the requirements of generally accepted accounting
principles to provide for reasonably anticipated losses with respect to
Seller\'s loan portfolio based upon information reasonably available at the
time.   2.12. TAX MATTERS   (a) Seller and each Seller Subsidiary have
timely filed federal income Tax Returns for each year through December 31,
2001 and have timely filed, or caused to be filed, all other Tax Returns
required to be filed with respect to Seller or any Seller Subsidiary, except
where the failure to file timely such federal income and other Tax Returns
would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect
on Seller. All Taxes due by or on behalf of Seller or any Seller Subsidiary
on or before the Closing Date have been paid or adequate reserves have been
established on the Seller Financial Statements for the payment of such Taxes,
except where any such failure to pay or establish adequate reserves would
not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on
Seller. Neither Seller nor any Seller Subsidiary shall have any liability for
any such Taxes in excess of the amounts so paid or reserves or accruals so
established except where such liability would not have a Material Adverse
Effect on Seller.    9    (b) All Tax Returns filed by Seller and each
Seller Subsidiary were true, correct, complete and accurate in all material
respects when and as filed and are final. Neither Seller nor any Seller
Subsidiary is delinquent in the payment of any material Tax, and none of
Seller or any Seller Subsidiaries has requested any extension of time within
which to file any Tax Returns which have not since been filed. Except as
fully settled and paid or accrued on the Seller Financial Statements, Seller
has not received written notice of any audit examination, deficiency,
adjustment, refund claim or litigation with respect to Tax Returns, paid
Taxes, unpaid Taxes or Tax attributes of Seller or any Seller Subsidiary, and
no proceeding with respect thereto is underway. There are currently no
agreements in effect with respect to Seller or any Seller Subsidiary to
extend the period of limitations for the assessment or collection of any
Tax.   (c) Neither the transactions contemplated hereby nor the termination
of the employment of any employees of Seller or any Seller Subsidiary prior
to or following consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby shall
result in Seller or any Seller Subsidiary (or any successor thereof) making
or being required to make any "excess parachute payment" as that term is
defined in Section 280G of the Code.   (d) Except as Previously Disclosed,
neither Seller nor any Seller Subsidiary is a party to any agreement (other
than an agreement exclusively among Seller and the Seller Subsidiaries)
providing for the allocation or sharing of, or indemnification for,
Taxes.   (e) Neither Seller nor any Seller Subsidiary is required to
include in income any adjustment pursuant to Section 481(a) of the Code in
any taxable period ending after the date hereof.   (f) Neither Seller nor
any Seller Subsidiary has executed or entered into any written agreement with
any Tax authority conceding or agreeing to any treatment of Taxes or Tax
attributes, including, without limitation, an Internal Revenue Service Form
870 or Form 870-AD, closing agreement or special closing agreement, affecting
the Seller or any Seller Subsidiary pursuant to Section 7121 of the Code or
any predecessor provision thereof or any similar provision of state, local or
foreign law, which agreement would have a material impact on the calculation
of the Taxes of Purchaser or any Purchaser Subsidiary after the Effective
Date.   (g) No written position has been taken on any Tax Return
with respect to the business or operations of Seller for a taxable year for
which the statute of limitations for the assessment of any Taxes with respect
thereto has not expired that is contrary to any publicly announced position
of a taxing authority.   (h) Neither Seller nor any Seller Subsidiary has
sponsored, promoted, marketed or entered into any transaction that is a "tax
shelter" within the meaning of any provision of the Code or regulations
issued thereunder.   (i) All Taxes that Seller is required by law to
withhold or collect, including sales and use taxes, and amounts required to
be withheld for Taxes of     10  employees and other withholding taxes,
have been duly withheld or collected and, to the extent required, have been
paid over to the proper taxing authority or are held in separate bank
accounts for such purpose; and all document retention, information gathering
and information reporting requirements related to any such Taxes have been
complied with in accordance with all applicable provisions of the Code and
the regulations issued thereunder.   (j) Seller is not, and has not been, a
United States real property holding corporation (as defined in Section
897(c)(2) of the Code) during the applicable period specified in Section
897(c)(1)(A)(ii) of the Code.   (k) There are no Tax liens (other than for
Taxes not yet due and payable) upon the properties or assets of Seller.  
(l) Each asset with respect to which Seller claims depreciation
or amortization or similar expense for Tax purposes is owned by Seller for
Tax purposes. None of the assets of Seller are required to be, or are
being, depreciated under the alternative depreciation system prescribed by
Section 168(g)(2) of the Code or subject to Section 168(f) of the Code. None
of the assets of Seller is property which Purchaser or Seller is required to
treat as "tax exempt use property," within the meaning of Section 168(h) of
the Code. Seller has not issued any "industrial revenue bonds," within the
meaning of Section 103 of the Code, or "private activity bonds," within the
meaning of Section 141 of the Code, or other tax-exempt financing in order to
finance the assets of Seller, whether leased or owned.   (m) For purposes
of this Section 2.12, (i) references to Seller and any Seller Subsidiary
shall include predecessors thereof; and (ii) "Seller Subsidiary" shall
include each Subsidiary (as defined in Article 1 hereof) of Seller, and each
corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture or other
entity which Seller controls directly or indirectly (through one or more
intermediaries). For purposes of the previous sentence, "control" means the
possession, direct or indirect, of the power either (1) to vote fifty percent
(50%) or more of the voting interests of a corporation, partnership, limited
liability company, joint venture or other entity, or (2) to direct or cause
the direction of the management and policies of a corporation, partnership,
limited liability company, joint venture or other entity, whether by contract
or otherwise.   2.13. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS   (a) Seller has Previously
Disclosed a true and complete list of all Seller Plans. For purposes of this
Section 2.13, the term "Seller Plan" means each bonus, deferred compensation,
incentive compensation, stock purchase, stock option, severance pay, medical,
life or other insurance, profit-sharing, or pension plan, program, agreement
or arrangement, and each other employee benefit plan, program, agreement or
arrangement, sponsored, maintained or contributed to or required to be
contributed to by Seller or by any trade or business, whether or not
incorporated, that together with Seller would be deemed a "single employer"
under Section 414 of the Code (an "ERISA Affiliate") for the benefit of any
employee or director or former employee or former     11   director of
Seller or any ERISA Affiliate, whether formal or informal, and whether
legally binding or not.   (b) With respect to each of the Seller Plans,
Seller has made available to Purchaser true and complete copies of each of
the following documents: (i) the Seller Plan and related documents (including
all amendments thereto); (ii) the two (2) most recent annual reports,
financial statements, and actuarial reports, if any; (iii) the most recent
summary plan descriptions, together with each summary of material
modifications, required under ERISA with respect to such Seller Plan and all
material communications relating to each such Seller Plan; and (iv) the most
recent determination letter received from the Internal Revenue Service with
respect to each Seller Plan that is intended to be qualified under the Code
and all material communications to or from the Internal Revenue Service or
any other governmental or regulatory agency or authority relating to each
Seller Plan.   (c) No liability under Title IV of ERISA has been incurred
by Seller or any ERISA Affiliate that has not been satisfied in full, and
no condition exists that presents a material risk to Seller or any ERISA
Affiliate of incurring a liability under such Title. No Seller Plan is
subject to Title IV of ERISA, Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of
ERISA.   (d) Neither Seller nor any ERISA Affiliate, nor any of the
Seller Plans, nor any trust created thereunder, nor any trustee or
administrator thereof, has engaged in any prohibited transaction (within the
meaning of Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code) in connection
with which Seller or any ERISA Affiliate could reasonably be expected to
either directly or indirectly incur any material liability or material
cost.   (e) Full payment has been made, or will be made in accordance
with Section 404(a)(6) of the Code, of all amounts that Seller or any ERISA
Affiliate is required to pay under, or contribute to any, of the Seller
Plans.   (f) None of the Seller Plans is a "multiemployer pension plan,"
as such term is defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA, a "multiple employer
welfare arrangement," as such term is defined in Section 3(40) of ERISA, or a
single employer plan that has two or more contributing sponsors, at least two
of whom are not under common control, within the meaning of Section 4063(a)
of ERISA.   (g) A favorable determination letter has been issued by
the Internal Revenue Service with respect to each of the Seller Plans that
is intended to be "qualified" within the meaning of Section 401(a) of the
Code to the effect that such plan is so qualified, and no condition exists
that could adversely affect the qualified status of any such Seller Plan.
Each of the Seller Plans that is intended to satisfy the requirements of
Section 125 or 501(c)(9) of the Code satisfies such requirements in all
material respects. Each of the Seller Plans has been operated and
administered in all material respects in accordance with its terms and
applicable laws, including, but not limited to, ERISA and the Code.    
12   (h) Except as Previously Disclosed, each Seller Plan may be amended or
terminated without liability to Seller or any ERISA Affiliate. No
amounts payable under the Seller Plans shall fail to be deductible in their
entirety for federal income tax purposes under Section 280G of the Code. Each
person who performs services for Seller or any ERISA Affiliate has been, and
is, properly classified by Seller or the appropriate ERISA Affiliate as an
employee or independent contractor.   (i) There are no actions, suits or
claims pending, or, to the knowledge of Seller or any Seller Subsidiary,
threatened or anticipated (other than routine claims for benefits) against
any Seller Plan, the assets of any Seller Plan or against Seller or any ERISA
Affiliate with respect to any Seller Plan. There is no judgment, decree,
injunction, rule or order of any court, governmental body, commission, agency
or arbitrator outstanding against or in favor of any Seller Plan or any
fiduciary thereof (other than rules of general applicability). There are no
pending or, to the knowledge of Seller or any Seller Subsidiary, threatened
audits, examinations or investigations by any governmental body, commission
or agency involving any Seller Plan.   (j) Except as Previously Disclosed,
no Seller Plan provides benefits, including without limitation death or
medical benefits (whether or not insured), with respect to current or former
employees or directors of Seller or any ERISA Affiliate after retirement or
other termination of service (other than (i) coverage mandated by applicable
law; (ii) death benefits or retirement benefits under any "employee pension
plan," as that term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA; (iii) deferred
compensation benefits accrued as liabilities on the books of Seller or the
ERISA Affiliates; or (iv) benefits, the full cost of which is borne by the
current or former employee or director (or his beneficiary)).   (k) Except
as Previously Disclosed, neither the execution of this Agreement nor the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will result in, or is a
precondition to, (i) any current or former employee or director of Seller or
any ERISA Affiliate becoming entitled to severance pay, unemployment
compensation or any similar payment; (ii) any acceleration in the time of
payment or vesting, or increase in the amount, of any compensation due to any
such current or former employee or director; or (iii) any renewal
or extension of the term of any agreement regarding compensation for any
such current or former employee or director.   2.14. CERTAIN CONTRACTS  
(a) Neither Seller nor any Seller Subsidiary is a party to, or is bound by,
(i) any material contract, as defined in Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K of
the SEC, or any other material contract or similar arrangement whether or not
made in the ordinary course of business (other than loans or loan commitments
and funding transactions in the ordinary course of business of any Seller
Subsidiary) or any agreement restricting the nature or geographic scope of
its business activities in any material respect, except as
Previously Disclosed; (ii) any agreement, indenture or other instrument
relating to the borrowing of money by Seller or any Seller Subsidiary or the
guarantee by Seller or any Seller Subsidiary of any such obligation, other
than instruments relating to transactions entered into in the ordinary course
of business, except as Previously Disclosed; or     13  (iii) any
contract, agreement or understanding with a labor union, in each case whether
written or oral.   (b) Neither Seller nor any Seller Subsidiary is in
default under any material agreement, commitment, arrangement, lease,
insurance policy or other instrument, whether entered into in the ordinary
course of business or otherwise and whether written or oral, and there has
not occurred any event that, with the lapse of time or giving of notice or
both, would constitute such a default, except for such defaults which would
not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on
Seller.   (c) Except as Previously Disclosed, neither Seller nor any
Seller Subsidiary is a party to any transaction (other than agreements
Previously Disclosed in connection with Section 2.14(a) hereof) with (i) any
person who has been an executive officer or a director of Seller; (ii) any
spouse of any such officer or director; (iii) any parent, child, brother,
sister or other family relation of any such officer or director who has the
same home as such officer or director; (iv) any corporation or other entity
of which such officer or director or any such family relation is an officer,
director, partner, or greater than five percent (5%) interest holder (based
on percentage of ownership of voting securities); or (v) any "affiliate" or
"associate" of any such persons (as such terms are defined in the rules and
regulations promulgated under the Securities Act), including, without
limitation, (x) any transaction involving a contract, agreement, or other
arrangement providing for the employment of, furnishing of materials,
products or services by, rental of real or personal property from, or
otherwise requiring payments to, any such person or entity, and (y) loans
(including any loan guaranty) outstanding at the date hereof, but not (z)
deposit accounts maintained at Seller Bank in the ordinary course of
its banking business.   2.15. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   Except as Previously
Disclosed, there are no actions, suits or proceedings instituted, pending or,
to the knowledge of Seller or any Seller Subsidiary, threatened (or
unasserted but considered probable of assertion and which, if asserted, would
have at least a reasonable probability of an unfavorable outcome) against
Seller or any Seller Subsidiary or against any asset, interest or right of
Seller or any Seller Subsidiary as to which there is a reasonable probability
of an unfavorable outcome and which, if such an unfavorable outcome was
rendered, would, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse
Effect on Seller. There are no actual or, to the knowledge of Seller or any
Seller Subsidiary, threatened actions, suits or proceedings which present a
claim to restrain or prohibit the transactions contemplated herein or to
impose any material liability in connection therewith as to which there is
a reasonable probability of an unfavorable outcome and which, if such
an unfavorable outcome was rendered, would, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect on Seller. There are no actions, suits or
proceedings instituted, pending or, to the knowledge of Seller or any Seller
Subsidiary, threatened (or unasserted but considered probable of assertion
and which, if asserted, would be reasonably expected to have an unfavorable
outcome) against any present or, to Seller\'s knowledge, former director or
officer of Seller or any     14  Seller Subsidiary, that would
reasonably be expected to give rise to a claim for indemnification and that
(i) has a reasonable probability of an unfavorable outcome; and (ii) in the
event of an unfavorable outcome, would, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect on Seller.   2.16. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS  
Seller and each Seller Subsidiary is in compliance with all statutes
and regulations applicable to the conduct of its business, and neither Seller
nor any Seller Subsidiary has received notification from any agency or
department of federal, state or local government (i) asserting a violation of
any such statute or regulation; (ii) threatening to revoke any license,
franchise, permit or government authorization; or (iii) restricting or in any
way limiting its operations, except for such noncompliance, violations,
revocations and restrictions which would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Seller. Except as Previously
Disclosed, neither Seller nor any Seller Subsidiary is subject to any
regulatory or supervisory cease and desist order, agreement, directive,
memorandum of understanding or commitment which would be reasonably expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect on Seller, and none of them has received
any communication requesting that they enter into any of the foregoing.  
2.17. BROKERS AND FINDERS   Neither Seller nor any Seller Subsidiary, nor
any of their respective officers, directors or employees, has employed any
broker, finder or financial advisor or incurred any liability for any fees or
commissions in connection with the transactions contemplated herein or the
Plan of Merger, except that Seller has engaged and shall pay a fee or
commission to Keefe, Bruyette and Woods, Inc. ("KBW") to perform certain
financial advisory services as Previously Disclosed.   2.18. INSURANCE  
Each of Seller and the Seller Subsidiaries currently maintains insurance in
amounts considered by Seller and any Seller Subsidiary as applicable, to
be reasonably necessary for their operations. Neither Seller nor any
Seller Subsidiary has received any notice of a material premium increase over
current rates or cancellation with respect to any of its insurance policies
or bonds, and within the last three (3) years, neither Seller nor any Seller
Subsidiary has been refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for, and
Seller has no reason to believe that existing insurance coverage cannot be
renewed as and when the same shall expire, upon terms and conditions as
favorable as those presently in effect, other than possible increases in
premiums or unavailability in coverage that have not resulted from any
extraordinary loss experience of Seller or any Seller Subsidiary. Seller has
Previously Disclosed a list of all outstanding claims, as of the date hereof,
against Seller or any Seller Subsidiary under any insurance policy, other
than medical or dental payments under Seller Plans or claims for less than
$25,000. The deposits of Seller Bank are insured by the FDIC in accordance
with the FDIA, and Seller Bank and its predecessors have paid all assessments
and filed all reports required by the FDIA.     15   2.19.
ENVIRONMENTAL LIABILITY   Neither Seller nor any Seller Subsidiary has
received any written notice of any legal, administrative, arbitral or other
proceeding, claim or action, and there is no governmental investigation of
any nature ongoing, in each case, that would reasonably be expected to result
in the imposition on Seller or any Seller Subsidiary of any liability arising
under any local, state or federal environmental statute, regulation or
ordinance including, without limitation, the Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, which liability
would have a Material Adverse Effect on Seller; there are no facts or
circumstances which would reasonably be expected to form the basis for any
such proceeding, claim, action or governmental investigation that would
impose any such liability; and neither Seller nor any Seller Subsidiary is
subject to any agreement, order, judgment, decree or memorandum by or with
any court, governmental authority, regulatory agency or third party imposing
any such liability.   2.20. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY   Seller or a Seller
Subsidiary owns the entire right, title and interest in and to, or has valid
licenses with respect to, all of the Intellectual Property necessary to
conduct the business and operations of Seller and the Seller Subsidiaries as
presently conducted, except where the failure to do so would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Seller.
The ownership, licensing or use of Intellectual Property by Seller or any of
the Seller Subsidiaries does not, to the knowledge of Seller, conflict with,
infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate the Intellectual
Property rights of any other person or entity. None of such Intellectual
Property is subject to any outstanding order, decree, judgment, stipulation,
settlement, lien, charge, encumbrance or attachment, which order, decree,
judgment, stipulation, settlement, lien, charge, encumbrance or attachment
would have a Material Adverse Effect on Seller. Upon consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, Seller and the Seller
Subsidiaries shall be entitled to continue to use, and Purchaser shall be
entitled to continue using, all such Intellectual Property without the
payment of any fees, licenses or other payments.   2.21. RISK MANAGEMENT
INSTRUMENTS   All interest rate swaps, caps, floors, option agreements,
futures and forward contracts and other similar risk management arrangements
to which Seller or a Seller Subsidiary is a party, whether entered into for
Seller\'s own account, or for the account of one or more of the Seller
Subsidiaries or their customers, were entered into (i) in accordance with
prudent business practices and all applicable laws, rules, regulations and
regulatory policies; and (ii) with counterparties believed to be financially
responsible at the time; and each of them constitutes the valid and legally
binding obligation of Seller or one of the Seller Subsidiaries, enforceable
in accordance with its terms (except as enforceability may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency and other laws of general applicability relating to or
affecting creditors\' rights, to the supervisory and enforcement powers of
applicable regulatory agencies, and to general equity principles), and
neither     16  Seller nor any Seller Subsidiary nor, to Seller\'s
knowledge, any other party thereto, is in breach of any of its obligations
under any such agreement or arrangement. Seller Previously Disclosed to
Purchaser all of such agreements and arrangements that are in effect as of
the date of this Agreement.   2.22. REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS   With respect
to all agreements pursuant to which Seller or any Seller Subsidiary has
purchased securities subject to an agreement to resell, if any, Seller or
such Seller Subsidiary, as the case may be, has a valid, perfected first lien
or security interest in or evidence of ownership in book entry form of the
government securities or other collateral securing the repurchase agreements,
and the value of such collateral equals or exceeds the amount of the debt
secured thereby.   2.23. CERTAIN INFORMATION   The information contained
in the Proxy Statement, other than information provided by Purchaser, at the
time the Proxy Statement is mailed to shareholders of Seller up to and
including the time of the Seller\'s shareholders\' meeting to vote upon the
Merger, (i) shall comply in all material respects with the applicable
provisions of the Securities Laws; and (ii) shall not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statements contained therein
not misleading. All information concerning Seller and its directors,
officers, shareholders and any Subsidiaries included (or submitted for
inclusion) in any application and furnished by it pursuant to Section 4.3 of
this Agreement shall be true, correct and complete in all material
respects.   2.24. TAKEOVER LAWS; RIGHTS AGREEMENT   (a) Seller has taken
all action required to be taken by it in order to exempt this Reorganization
Agreement and the Plan of Merger and the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby from, and this Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of Merger and
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby are exempt from, the
requirements of any "moratorium," "control share," "fair price," "affiliate
transaction," "business combination," or other anti-takeover laws and
regulations of any state (collectively, "Takeover Laws"), including, without
limitation, the State of California.   (b) Seller has irrevocably and
validly amended, and the Board of Directors of Seller has taken all necessary
action to irrevocably amend, the Rights Agreement so that (a) none of the
execution or delivery of this Reorganization Agreement or the Plan of Merger
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby will
result in (i) the occurrence of any of the events described in Section 13 of
the Rights Agreement; or (ii) the Rights (as defined in the Rights Agreement)
becoming evidenced by, and transferable pursuant to, certificates separate
from the certificates representing shares, and (b) on the Effective Date,
Seller Common Stock will be converted into the consideration provided in the
Plan of Merger and all     17  Rights (as defined in the Rights
Agreement) attached thereto shall simultaneously be extinguished.   2.25.
FAIRNESS OPINION   KBW has rendered an oral opinion to the Board of
Directors of Seller, as of the same date as this Agreement, to the effect
that, as of such date, the Merger Consideration is fair, from a financial
point of view, to the holders of Seller Common Stock. A correct and complete
copy of a written opinion that confirms such oral opinion shall be delivered
to Purchaser at the same time KBW provides such written opinion to
Seller.   2.26. LABOR MATTERS   With respect to their employees, neither
Seller nor any Seller Subsidiary is a party to any labor agreement with any
labor organization, group or association and has not engaged in any unfair
labor practice. Since December 31, 2001 and prior to the date hereof, to
knowledge of Seller, Seller and the Seller Subsidiaries have not experienced
any attempt by organized labor or its representatives to make Seller or any
Seller Subsidiary conform to demands of organized labor relating to their
employees or to enter into a binding agreement with organized labor that
would cover the employees of Seller or any Seller Subsidiary. To the
knowledge of Seller and the Seller Subsidiaries, there is no unfair labor
practice charge or other complaint by any employee or former employee of
Seller or any Seller Subsidiary against any of them pending before any court,
arbitrator or governmental agency arising out of Seller\'s or such Seller
Subsidiary\'s activities, which charges or complaints would, individually or
in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Seller; there is no
labor strike or labor disturbance pending or, to the knowledge of Seller or
any Seller Subsidiaries, threatened against any of them; and neither Seller
nor any Seller Subsidiary has experienced a work stoppage or other material
labor difficulty since December 31, 2001.   ARTICLE 3.  REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER AND MERGER SUB   Purchaser and Merger Sub hereby
jointly and severally represent and warrant to Seller as follows:   3.1.
ORGANIZATION, STANDING AND AUTHORITY OF PURCHASER AND MERGER SUB   Purchaser
is a duly organized corporation, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of The Netherlands, with full corporate power and authority to carry
on its business as now conducted and is duly licensed or qualified to do
business in the states of the United States and foreign jurisdictions where
its ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of its business requires
such qualification, except where the failure to be so licensed or qualified
would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Purchaser.   Merger Sub is a
duly organized corporation, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the State of California, with full corporate power and authority to
carry     18  on its business as now conducted and is duly licensed or
qualified to do business in the states of the United States and foreign
jurisdictions where its ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of
its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so
licensed or qualified would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Purchaser
or Merger Sub.   3.2. AUTHORIZED AND EFFECTIVE AGREEMENT   (a) Each of
Purchaser and Merger Sub has all requisite corporate power and authority to
enter into and perform all of its obligations under this Reorganization
Agreement and the Plan of Merger. The execution and delivery of this
Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of Merger and the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly and
validly authorized by all necessary corporate action in respect thereof on
the part of Purchaser and Merger Sub, including, in the case of Merger Sub,
the approval of such agreements and transactions by the sole shareholder of
Merger Sub.   (b) Assuming the accuracy of the representation contained
in Section 2.5(b) hereof, this Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of
Merger constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of Purchaser and
Merger Sub, in each case, enforceable against it in accordance with their
respective terms subject, as to enforceability, to bankruptcy, insolvency and
other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors\'
rights, to the supervisory and enforcement powers of applicable regulatory
agencies, and to general equity principles.   (c) Neither the execution and
delivery of this Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of Merger, nor
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, nor
compliance by Purchaser or Merger Sub with any of the provisions hereof or
thereof shall (i) conflict with or result in a breach of any provision of the
articles or certificate of incorporation or association, charter or bylaws or
other organizational documents of Purchaser or any Purchaser Subsidiary; (ii)
constitute or result in a breach of any term, condition or provision of, or
constitute a default under, or give rise to any right of termination,
cancellation or acceleration with respect to, or result in the creation of
any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or asset of Purchaser or
any Purchaser Subsidiary pursuant to, any note, bond, mortgage, indenture,
license, agreement or other instrument or obligation; or (iii) violate any
order, writ, injunction, decree, statute, rule or regulation applicable to
Purchaser or any Purchaser Subsidiary, except (in the case of clauses (ii)
and (iii) above) for such violations, rights, conflicts, breaches, creations
or defaults which, either individually or in the aggregate, shall not have a
Material Adverse Effect on Purchaser.   (d) Except for approvals specified
in Section 4.3 hereof and except as expressly referred to in this
Reorganization Agreement, no consent, approval or authorization of, or
declaration, notice, filing or registration with, any governmental or
regulatory authority, or any other person, is required to be made or obtained
by Purchaser or Merger Sub on or prior to the Closing Date in connection with
the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Plan of
Merger or the consummation of the     19  transactions contemplated
hereby or thereby. As of the date hereof, Purchaser is not aware of any
reason that the condition set forth in Section 5.1(b) of this Agreement,
including the proviso thereto, would not be satisfied.   3.3. LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS   There are no actions, suits or proceedings instituted, pending
or, to the knowledge of Purchaser, threatened against Purchaser or any
Purchaser Subsidiary which present a claim to restrain or prohibit the
transactions contemplated hereby or which would, in the event of an
unfavorable decision or outcome against Purchaser, have a material adverse
effect on the ability of Purchaser to effect the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement or the Plan of Merger, including the Merger.   3.4. BROKERS
AND FINDERS   Neither Purchaser nor any Purchaser Subsidiary, nor any of
their respective officers, directors or employees, has employed any broker,
finder or financial advisor or incurred any liability for any fees or
commissions in connection with the transactions contemplated herein or the
Plan of Merger, except for Purchaser\'s retention of Sandler, O\'Neill and
Partners, L.P. to perform certain financial advisory services.   3.5.
FINANCIAL RESOURCES   Purchaser and Merger Sub shall have available on the
Closing Date sufficient financial resources to enable Purchaser and Merger
Sub to lawfully satisfy their respective obligations pursuant to this
Agreement and the Plan of Merger and to consummate the Merger. Purchaser has
and shall have sufficient management and financial resources to obtain the
required regulatory and other approvals for the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement and the Plan of Merger.   ARTICLE 4.  COVENANTS   4.1.
SHAREHOLDERS\' MEETING   Seller shall submit this Reorganization Agreement
and the Plan of Merger to the shareholders of Seller for approval at a
special meeting to be held as soon as practicable. Subject to the fiduciary
duties of the Board of Directors of Seller as determined after consultation
with counsel, the Board of Directors of Seller shall recommend that the
shareholders of Seller vote in favor of such approval.   4.2. PROXY
STATEMENT; REGISTRATION STATEMENT   As promptly as practicable after the
date hereof, Purchaser and Seller shall cooperate in the preparation of the
Proxy Statement to be mailed to the shareholders of Seller in connection with
this Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of Merger and the transactions
contemplated hereby.     20   4.3. APPLICATIONS   As promptly as
practicable after the date hereof, and after a reasonable opportunity for
review by counsel to Seller, Purchaser shall submit any requisite
applications for prior approval of, and notices with respect to,
the transactions contemplated herein and in the Plan of Merger to (i) the
Federal Reserve Board pursuant to Section 3 of the Bank Holding Company Act;
and (ii) the CADFI pursuant to Sections 701 and 702 of the California
Financial Code; and (iii) the Dutch Ministry of Finance pursuant to Article
24, Section 1 of the Credit System (Supervision) Act of 1992, and the
regulations promulgated thereunder, and each of the parties hereto shall, and
they shall cause their respective Subsidiaries to, submit any applications,
notices or other filings to any other state or federal government agency,
department or body the approval of which is required for consummation of the
Merger. Seller and Purchaser each represents and warrants to the other that
all information concerning the applicable party and directors, officers,
shareholders and subsidiaries of such party included (or submitted for
inclusion) in any such application and furnished by the party shall be true,
correct and complete in all material respects.   4.4. BEST EFFORTS   (a)
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Purchaser and Seller
shall each use its reasonable best efforts in good faith, and each of them
shall cause its Subsidiaries to use their reasonable best efforts in good
faith, to (i) furnish such information as may be required in connection with
the preparation of the documents referred to in Sections 4.2 and 4.3 above;
and (ii) take or cause to be taken all action necessary or desirable on its
part so as to permit consummation of the Merger at the earliest
possible date, including, without limitation, (1) obtaining the consent or
approval of each individual, partnership, corporation, association or other
business or professional entity whose consent or approval is required for
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby; provided, that neither
Seller nor any Seller Subsidiary shall agree to make any payments or
modifications to agreements in connection therewith without the prior written
consent of Purchaser, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, and
(2) requesting the delivery of appropriate opinions, consents and letters
from its counsel and independent auditors. Subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, no party hereto shall take or fail to take, or
cause or permit its Subsidiaries to take or fail to take, or to the best of
its ability permit to be taken or omitted to be taken by any third persons,
any action that would substantially impair the prospects of completing the
Merger pursuant to this Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of Merger, or
that would materially delay such completion.   (b) Seller shall give prompt
notice to Purchaser, and Purchaser shall give prompt notice to Seller, of (i)
the occurrence, or failure to occur, of any event which occurrence or failure
would be reasonably likely to cause any representation or warranty contained
in this Agreement to be untrue or inaccurate at any time from the date hereof
to the Closing Date such that the condition set forth in Section 5.2(a) or
5.3(a), as applicable, would not be met if such failure to be true or
accurate were to occur or be continuing on the Closing Date; and (ii) any
material failure of Seller or Purchaser, as the     21  case may be, to
comply with or satisfy any covenant, condition or agreement to be complied
with or satisfied by the applicable party hereunder, and each party shall use
all reasonable best efforts to remedy such failure.   4.5. INVESTIGATION AND
CONFIDENTIALITY   Seller shall keep Purchaser advised of all material
developments relevant to its business and to consummation of the transactions
contemplated herein and in the Plan of Merger. Purchaser may make or cause to
be made such investigation of the financial and legal condition of Seller as
Purchase reasonably deems necessary or advisable in connection with the
transactions contemplated herein and in the Plan of Merger; provided,
however, that such investigation shall be reasonably related to such
transactions and shall not interfere unnecessarily with normal operations.
Seller agrees to furnish Purchaser and the advisors of Purchaser with such
financial data and other information with respect to its business and
properties as Purchaser shall from time to time reasonably request. No
investigation pursuant to this Section 4.5 shall affect or be deemed to
modify any representation or warranty made by Seller, or the conditions to
the obligations to consummate the Merger of Purchaser. Each party hereto
shall hold all information furnished by the other party or any of such
party\'s Subsidiaries or representatives pursuant to this Agreement in
confidence to the extent required by, and in accordance with, the provisions
of the confidentiality agreement, dated May 28, 2002, between Seller and
Purchaser (the "Confidentiality Agreement").   4.6. PRESS RELEASES  
Seller and Purchaser shall agree with each other as to the form and substance
of any press release related to this Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of
Merger or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, and shall consult
each other as to the form and substance of other public disclosures related
thereto; provided, however, that nothing contained herein shall prohibit any
party, following notification to the other parties, from making
any disclosure which is required by applicable law or Nasdaq rules.   4.7.
ACTIONS PENDING THE MERGER   (a) Prior to the Closing Date, and except as
otherwise provided for by this Reorganization Agreement, the Plan of Merger,
or consented to or approved by Purchaser, Seller shall, and shall cause each
of the Seller Subsidiaries to, use reasonable best efforts to preserve the
properties, business and relationships with customers, employees and other
persons of each of the Seller Subsidiaries.   (b) Seller shall not, and
shall not permit any of the Seller Subsidiaries to, except with the prior
written consent of Purchaser or except as Previously Disclosed or expressly
contemplated or permitted by this Agreement or the Plan of Merger:   (i)
carry on its business other than in the usual, regular and ordinary course in
substantially the same manner as heretofore conducted;     22   (ii)
declare, set aside, make or pay any dividend or other distribution in respect
of its capital stock;   (iii) issue any shares of its capital stock or
permit any treasury shares to become outstanding, except for the issuance of
shares of Seller Common Stock upon the exercise of options granted under
Seller Plans that are issued and outstanding as of the date hereof;   (iv)
incur any additional debt obligation or other obligation for borrowed money
other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice;   (v) issue, grant or authorize any Rights or effect
any recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split or like
change in capitalization, or redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire any
shares of its capital stock except for Trust Account Shares and DPC
Shares;   (vi) amend its articles or certificate of incorporation
or association or bylaws; impose, or suffer the imposition, on any share of
stock of any Seller Subsidiary held by Seller of any lien, charge or
encumbrance, or permit any such lien, charge or encumbrance to exist;  
(vii) merge with any other corporation, savings association or bank or permit
any other corporation, savings association or bank to merge into it or
consolidate with any other corporation, savings association or bank
(this clause being subject to Sections 4.7(b)(xiv) and 6.1(f) of this
Agreement); acquire control over any other firm, bank, corporation, savings
association or organization or create any Subsidiary;   (viii) waive or
release any material right or cancel or compromise any material debt or claim
other than loans written down or charged off in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice;   (ix) fail to comply in any
material respect with any material laws, regulations, ordinances or
governmental actions applicable to it and to the conduct of its business;  
(x) liquidate or sell or dispose of any material assets or acquire any
material assets, except in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice; except as Previously Disclosed, make any capital expenditure
in excess of $50,000 in any instance or $250,000 in the aggregate; or, except
as Previously Disclosed, establish new branches or other similar facilities,
close existing branches or similar facilities or enter into or modify any
leases or other contracts relating thereto;   (xi) except as Previously
Disclosed, increase the rate of compensation of, pay or agree to pay any
bonus to, or provide any other employee benefit or incentive to, any of its
directors, officers or employees except in a manner consistent with past
practice or as required by law or contractual obligation in effect as of the
date hereof;     23   (xii) change its lending, investment,
asset/liability management or other material banking policies in any material
respect except as may be required by changes in applicable law;   (xiii)
change its methods of accounting in effect at December 31, 2001, except as
required by changes in generally accepted accounting principles concurred in
by its independent certified public accountants, or change any of its methods
of reporting income, deductions or other items for federal income tax
purposes from those employed in the preparation of its federal income tax
returns for the year ended December 31, 2001, except as required by
applicable law;   (xiv) authorize or permit any of its officers,
directors, employees or agents to directly or indirectly solicit, initiate or
encourage any inquiries relating to, or the making of any proposal which
constitutes, a Takeover Proposal (as defined below), or, except to the extent
legally required for the discharge of the fiduciary duties of Board of
Directors of Seller, recommend or endorse any Takeover Proposal, or
participate in any discussions or negotiations, or provide third parties with
any nonpublic information, relating to any such inquiry or proposal or
otherwise facilitate any effort or attempt to make or implement a Takeover
Proposal; provided, however, that Seller may communicate information about
any such Takeover Proposal to its shareholders if, in the judgment of Board
of Directors of Seller, after consultation with outside counsel, such
communication is necessary in order to comply with its fiduciary duties to
shareholders of Seller required under applicable law. Seller shall take all
actions necessary or advisable to inform the appropriate individuals
or entities referred to in the first sentence hereof of the obligations
undertaken herein. Seller shall notify Purchaser immediately if any such
inquiries or Takeover Proposals are received by, any such information is
requested from, or any such negotiations or discussions are sought to be
initiated or continued with, Seller, and Seller shall promptly inform
Purchaser in writing of all of the relevant details with respect to the
foregoing. As used in this Agreement, "Takeover Proposal" shall mean any
tender or exchange offer, proposal for a merger, consolidation or other
business combination involving Seller or any Seller Subsidiary or any
proposal or offer to acquire in any manner a substantial equity interest in,
or a substantial portion of the assets of, Seller or any Seller Subsidiary
other than the transactions contemplated or permitted by this Agreement and
the Plan of Merger; or   (xv) agree to do any of the foregoing.   4.8.
CLOSING; AGREEMENT OF MERGER   The transactions contemplated by this
Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of Merger (the terms of which are
incorporated herein by reference) shall be consummated at a closing to be
held at such location and on such date as the parties shall mutually agree,
not later than thirty (30) days following the satisfaction of the conditions
to consummation of the Merger set forth in ARTICLE 5 hereof or such other
date to which the parties may mutually agree (other than such conditions
relating to the actions to be taken at the Closing) (such date, "Closing
Date"). In connection with such Closing, each of Merger Sub and    
24  Seller shall execute a certificate of approval of the Plan of Merger,
and shall cause the Plan of Merger and certificates to be delivered to the
California Secretary of State in accordance with Section 1103 of the
California General Corporation Law. The Merger shall be effective at the time
and on the date ("Effective Date") as designated by the California Secretary
of State.   4.9. SELLER EMPLOYEES; DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT;
INDEMNIFICATION   (a) Prior to the Effective Date, Seller shall take all
actions that may be requested by Purchaser in writing with respect to (i)
causing one or more Seller Plans (other than Seller Plans that are
contractual arrangements, including, but not limited to, deferred
compensation agreements, with individual officers and employees of Seller or
any Seller Subsidiary) to be modified or terminated as of the Effective Date
or for benefit accruals and entitlements to cease as of the Effective Date;
(ii) causing the continuation on and after the Effective Date of any
contract, arrangement or insurance policy relating to any Seller Plan for
such period as may be requested by Purchaser; (iii) facilitating the merger
of any Seller Plan into any Purchaser Plan; and (iv) any of the matters
Previously Disclosed. Seller shall not authorize the commencement of
any purchase period under any Seller stock purchase plan between the date
hereof and the termination of this Reorganization Agreement and shall not
extend any purchase period that is in effect on the date hereof beyond its
originally scheduled date of termination. For purposes of this Section
4.9(a), the term "Purchaser Plan" means each bonus, deferred compensation,
incentive compensation, stock purchase, stock option, severance pay, medical,
life or other insurance, profit-sharing, or pension plan, program, agreement
or arrangement, and each other employee benefit plan, program, agreement
or arrangement, sponsored, maintained or contributed to or required to
be contributed to by Purchaser or by any trade or business, whether or
not incorporated, that together with Purchaser would be deemed a ERISA
Affiliate for the benefit of any employee or director or former employee or
former director of Purchaser or any ERISA Affiliate, whether formal or
informal, and whether legally binding or not.   (b) In the event of any
threatened or actual claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation,
whether civil, criminal or administrative, including, without limitation, any
such claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation in which any person who
is now, or has been at any time prior to the date of this Agreement, or who
becomes prior to the Effective Date, a director or officer of Seller or of
any Seller Subsidiary (the "Indemnified Parties") is, or is threatened to be,
made a party based in whole or in part on, or arising in whole or in part out
of, or pertaining to (i) the fact that he is or was a director, officer or
employee of Seller, or any Seller Subsidiary or any of their respective
predecessors; or (ii) this Agreement or the Plan of Merger or any of the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, whether in any case asserted or
arising before or after the Effective Date, the parties hereto agree to
cooperate and use their best efforts to defend against and respond thereto.
On and after the Effective Date, Purchaser shall indemnify and hold harmless,
as and to the fullest extent permitted by law, each such Indemnified Party
against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs, expenses (including
reasonable attorney\'s fees and expenses in advance of the final disposition
of any claim, suit, proceeding or investigation to each Indemnified Party to
the fullest extent     25  permitted by law upon receipt of any
undertaking required by applicable law), judgments, fines and amounts paid in
settlement in connection with any such threatened or actual claim, action,
suit, proceeding or investigation, and in the event of any such threatened or
actual claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation (whether asserted or
arising before or after the Effective Date), the Indemnified Parties may
retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to them after consultation with
Purchaser; provided, however, that (1) Purchaser shall have the right to
assume the defense thereof and upon such assumption Purchaser shall not be
liable to any Indemnified Party for any legal expenses of other counsel or
any other expenses subsequently incurred by any Indemnified Party
in connection with the defense thereof, except that, if Purchaser elects not
to assume such defense or counsel for the Indemnified Parties and
reasonably advises the Indemnified Parties that there are issues which raise
conflicts of interest between Purchaser and the Indemnified Parties, the
Indemnified Parties may retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to them after
such notification, and Purchaser shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses
of such counsel for the Indemnified Parties, (2) Purchaser shall be obligated
pursuant to this paragraph to pay for only one firm of counsel for all
Indemnified Parties; provided, that, if there are issues which raise
conflicts of interest between two (2) or more of the Indemnified Parties that
result in the retention of separate counsel pursuant to the provisions of the
preceding clause (1) Purchaser shall be obligated pursuant to this paragraph
to pay for only one firm of counsel for each Indemnified Party or set of
Indemnified Parties requiring separate counsel, (3) Purchaser shall not be
liable for any settlement effected without its prior written consent (which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), and (4) Purchaser shall have no
obligation hereunder to any Indemnified Party when and if a court of
competent jurisdiction shall ultimately determine, and such determination
shall have become final and nonappealable, that indemnification of such
Indemnified Party in the manner contemplated hereby is prohibited
by applicable law. Any Indemnified Party wishing to claim Indemnification
under this Section 4.9(b), upon learning of any such claim, action, suit,
proceeding or investigation, shall promptly notify Purchaser thereof;
provided, that the failure of any Indemnified Party to so notify Purchaser
shall not relieve it of its obligations hereunder except (and only) to the
extent that such failure materially prejudices Purchaser. Purchaser\'s
obligations under this Section 4.9(b) continue in full force and effect for a
period of six (6) years from the Effective Date; provided, however, that all
rights to indemnification in respect of any claim (a "Claim") asserted or
made within such period shall continue until the final disposition of such
Claim.   (c) Purchaser agrees that all rights to indemnification and
all limitations on liability existing in favor of the directors, officers
and employees of Seller and any Seller Subsidiary (the "Covered Parties")
as provided in their respective articles of incorporation, bylaws or
similar governing documents as in effect as of the date of this Agreement
with respect to matters occurring prior to the Effective Date shall survive
the Merger and shall continue in full force and effect, and shall be honored
by such entities or their respective successors as if they were the
indemnifying party thereunder; provided, however, that nothing contained in
this Section 4.9(c) shall be deemed to preclude the liquidation,
consolidation or merger of Seller or any Seller Subsidiary, in which case all
of such rights to indemnification and limitations on liability shall
be     26   deemed to so survive and continue as an obligation of
Purchaser or the successor to Seller or the Seller Subsidiary notwithstanding
any such liquidation, consolidation or merger.   (d) Purchaser, from and
after the Effective Date shall use its reasonable best efforts directly or
indirectly to cause the persons who served as directors or officers of Seller
on or before the Effective Date to be covered by Seller\'s existing
directors\' and officers\' liability insurance policy (provided, that
Purchaser may substitute therefor policies of at least the same coverage and
amounts containing terms and conditions which are not less advantageous than
such policy) but in no event shall any insured person be entitled under this
Section 4.9(d) to insurance coverage more favorable than that provided to him
or her in such capacities as of the date hereof with respect to acts or
omissions resulting from their service as such on or prior to the Effective
Date. Such insurance coverage, if reasonably available at a reasonable cost
relative to the coverage obtained, shall commence on the Effective Date and
shall be provided for a period of no less than six (6) years after the
Effective Date; provided, however, that in no event shall Purchaser
be required to expend more than 200% of the current amount expended by Seller
(the "Insurance Amount") to maintain or procure insurance coverage pursuant
hereto, provided, further, that the Insurance Amount shall be deemed
reasonable for purposes of this Section 4.9(d). Seller agrees to renew any
such existing insurance or to purchase any "discovery period" insurance
provided for thereunder at request of Purchaser.   (e) In the event
Purchaser or any of its successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges
into any other person and shall not be the continuing or surviving
corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger; or (ii) transfers or
conveys all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any person,
then, and in each such case, to the extent necessary, proper provision shall
be made so that the successors and assigns of Purchaser assume the
obligations set forth in this section.   (f) The provisions of Section
4.9(b), (c), (d) and (e) are intended to be for the benefit of, and shall be
enforceable by, each Indemnified Party and their respective heirs and
representatives.   (g) The parties agree to take the further actions
Previously Disclosed by Purchaser.   4.10. TAKEOVER LAWS   No party
hereto shall take any action that would cause the transactions contemplated
by this Reorganization Agreement or the Plan of Merger to be subject to the
requirements imposed by any Takeover Law, and each of them shall take all
necessary steps within its control to exempt (or ensure the
continued exemption of) the transactions contemplated by this Reorganization
Agreement and the Plan of Merger from, or if necessary challenge the validity
or applicability of, any applicable Takeover Law, as now or hereafter in
effect.     27   4.11. BOARD OF DIRECTORS; ADVISORY BOARD   (a)
Purchaser shall take all requisite action to cause Mr. Dennis Kern and two
(2) other members of Seller\'s Board of Directors immediately prior to the
Effective Date to become members of Seller\'s Board of Directors after
the Effective Date. Such two directors shall be selected by Seller\'s Board
of Directors subject to the prior approval of Purchaser.   (b) Promptly
following the Effective Date, Purchaser shall establish an advisory board
(the "Advisory Board"), which shall include members of Seller\'s Board of
Directors, identified by Seller prior to the Effective Date and reasonably
acceptable to Purchaser. The function of the Advisory Board shall be to
advise Purchaser on business conditions and opportunities in the
markets currently served by Seller and on such other matters as Purchaser may
reasonably request.   ARTICLE 5.  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT   5.1. CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT TO OBLIGATIONS OF PURCHASER, MERGER SUB AND SELLER   The
respective obligations of the parties to effect the Merger shall be subject
to satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions at or prior to
the Closing Date:   (a) All corporate action necessary to authorize the
execution, delivery and performance of this Reorganization Agreement and the
Plan of Merger and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby, including, without limitation the shareholder approval contemplated
by Section 2.5 hereof, shall have been duly and validly taken;   (b) The
parties hereto shall have received all regulatory approvals required or
mutually deemed necessary in connection with the transactions contemplated by
this Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of Merger, all notice periods and
waiting periods required after the granting of any such approvals shall have
passed and all conditions contained in any such approval required to have
been satisfied prior to consummation of such transactions shall have
been satisfied; provided, however, that no such approval shall have imposed
any condition or requirement that, in the reasonable good faith opinion of
the Board of Directors of Purchaser, so materially and adversely affects the
anticipated economic and business benefits to Purchaser of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement as to render consummation of such transactions
inadvisable;   (c) To the extent that any lease, license, loan,
financing agreement or other contract or agreement to which Seller or any
Seller Subsidiary is a party requires the consent of or waiver from the other
party thereto as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
such consent or waiver shall have been obtained, unless the failure to obtain
such consents or waivers, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a
Material Adverse Effect on Seller; and     28   (d) None of the parties
hereto shall be subject to any order, decree or injunction of a court or
agency of competent jurisdiction which enjoins or prohibits the consummation
of the transactions contemplated by this Reorganization Agreement and the
Plan of Merger.   5.2. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO OBLIGATIONS OF SELLER   The
obligations of Seller to effect the Merger shall be subject to satisfaction
of the following additional conditions at or prior to the Closing Date unless
waived by Seller pursuant to Section 6.4 hereof:   (a) The representations
and warranties of Purchaser and Merger Sub set forth in ARTICLE 3 hereof
shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date of this
Reorganization Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on and as
of the Closing Date (or on the date when made in the case of any
representation and warranty which specifically relates to an earlier date),
except as otherwise contemplated by this Reorganization Agreement
or consented to in writing by Seller; provided, however, that (i) in
determining whether or not the condition contained in this paragraph (a)
shall be satisfied, no effect shall be given to any exceptions in such
representations and warranties relating to materiality or Material Adverse
Effect; and (ii) the condition contained in this paragraph (a) shall be
deemed to be satisfied unless the failure of such representations and
warranties to be so true and correct constitute, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Purchaser;   (b) Purchaser and
Merger Sub shall have in all material respects performed all obligations and
complied with all covenants required by this Reorganization Agreement and the
Plan of Merger to be performed or complied with at or prior to the Closing
Date;   (c) Purchaser shall have deposited or shall have caused the
Merger Consideration to be deposited into an escrow account at U.S. Stock
Transfer Corporation; and   (d) Each of Purchaser and Merger Sub shall have
delivered to Seller a certificate, dated the Closing Date and signed by its
respective Chairman, CEO, Executive Vice President or Senior Vice President
to the effect that the conditions set forth in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of
this Section 5.2 have been satisfied.   5.3. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO
OBLIGATIONS OF PURCHASER AND MERGER SUB   The respective obligations of
Purchaser and Merger Sub to effect the Merger shall be subject to
satisfaction of the following additional conditions at or prior to the
Closing Date unless waived by Purchaser pursuant to Section 6.4 hereof:  
(a) The representations and warranties of Seller set forth in Article 2
hereof shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date of
this Reorganization Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on
and as of the Closing Date (or on the date when made in the case of
any representation and warranty     29  which specifically relates to
an earlier date), except as otherwise contemplated by this Reorganization
Agreement or consented to in writing by Purchaser; provided, however, that
(i) in determining whether or not the condition contained in this paragraph
(a) shall be satisfied, no effect shall be given to any exceptions in such
representations and warranties relating to materiality or Material Adverse
Effect; and (ii) the condition contained in this paragraph (a) shall be
deemed to be satisfied unless the failure of such representations
and warranties to be so true and correct constitute, individually or in
the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Seller;   (b) Seller shall have
in all material respects performed all obligations and complied with all
covenants required by this Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of Merger to
be performed or complied with at or prior to the Closing Date;   (c) Seller
shall have delivered to Purchaser and Merger Sub a certificate, dated the
Closing Date and signed by its Chairman, President and Chief Executive
Officer or any Executive Vice President to the effect that the conditions set
forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 5.3 have been satisfied.;
and   (d) Holders of no more than fifteen percent (15%) of the outstanding
shares of Seller Common Stock shall have "filed a demand for payment" (as
that term is contemplated in Section 1300(b)(1) of the California General
Corporation Law).   ARTICLE 6.  TERMINATION, WAIVER AND AMENDMENT   6.1.
TERMINATION   This Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of Merger may be
terminated, either before or after approval by the shareholders of Seller or
Purchaser:   (a) At any time on or prior to the Effective Date, by the
mutual consent in writing of the parties hereto;   (b) At any time on or
prior to the Closing Date, by Purchaser in writing, if Seller has, or by
Seller in writing, if Purchaser or Merger Sub has, in any material respect,
breached (i) any covenant or agreement contained herein or in the Plan of
Merger; or (ii) any representation or warranty contained herein, and in
either case if (x) such breach has not been cured by the earlier of thirty
(30) days after the date on which written notice of such breach is given to
the party committing such breach or, in the event such breach occurs after
March 2, 2003, by March 31, 2003, and (y) such breach would entitle the non-
breaching party not to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby
under ARTICLE 5 hereof;   (c) On the Closing Date, by Purchaser in writing,
if Seller has, or by Seller in writing, if Purchaser has, not fulfilled or
satisfied any of the conditions set forth in ARTICLE 5 hereof with respect to
such party;     30   (d) At any time, by any party hereto in writing, if
the applications for prior approval referred to in Section 4.3 hereof have
been finally denied, and the time period for appeals and requests for
reconsideration has run, or if any governmental entity of competent
jurisdiction shall have issued a final nonappealable order enjoining or
otherwise prohibiting the Merger;   (e) At any time, by any party hereto in
writing, if the shareholders of Seller do not approve the transactions
contemplated hereby and by the Plan of Merger at the special meeting duly
called for that purpose;   (f) By Purchaser prior to the time the
shareholders of Seller approve the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and the Plan of Merger, if (i) Board of Directors of Seller fails
to recommend approval and adoption of this Agreement and the Merger by the
shareholders of Seller or withdraws or modifies (or publicly announces an
intention to withdraw or modify) in any adverse manner its approval or
recommendation of this Agreement or the Merger; (ii) the Board of Directors
of Seller makes any public recommendation with respect to any Takeover
Proposal other than a recommendation to reject such Takeover Proposal; (iii)
Seller takes any action prohibited by 4.7(b)(xiv); or (iv) Board of Directors
of Seller resolves to take any of the actions specified above;; or   (g) By
any party hereto in writing, if the Closing Date has not occurred by the
close of business on March 31, 2003, unless the failure of the Closing to
occur by such date shall be due to the failure of the party seeking to
terminate this Agreement to perform or observe the covenants and
agreements set forth herein.   6.2. EFFECT OF TERMINATION   (a) In the
event this Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of Merger are terminated
pursuant to Section 6.1 hereof, this Agreement and the Plan of Merger shall
become void and have no effect, except that (i) the provisions relating to
confidentiality, fees and expenses set forth in Sections 4.5, 6.2(b) and 7.1
hereof, respectively, shall survive any such termination; and (ii) a
termination pursuant to Section 6.1(b)(i) or 6.1(b)(ii) hereof shall not
relieve the breaching party from liability for an uncured willful breach
of such covenant or agreement or representation or warranty giving rise to
such termination.   (b) Seller and Purchaser each acknowledge that the
other has spent, and shall be required to spend, substantial time and effort
in examining the business, properties, affairs, financial condition and
prospects of the other, has incurred, and shall continue to incur,
substantial fees and expenses in connection with such examination, the
preparation of this Reorganization Agreement and the accomplishment of the
transactions contemplated hereby, and shall be unable to evaluate and,
possibly, make investments in or acquire other entities due to the limited
number of personnel available for such purpose and the constraints of time.
Therefore, to induce Purchaser and Seller to enter into this Reorganization
Agreement, in the event this Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of Merger
are terminated:     31   (i) by Purchaser pursuant to Section 6.1(f)
hereof; or   (ii) by Seller or Purchaser pursuant to Section 6.1(e)
hereof because of the failure to obtain the required approval of Seller\'s
shareholders and, if (A) at or prior to the Seller\'s shareholders meeting a
Takeover Proposal shall have been publicly announced or disclosed (whether or
not such offer, proposal or announcement or agreement shall have been
rejected or shall have been withdrawn prior to the time of such termination
or of Seller\'s shareholders\' meeting) and (B)(1) a third party or "group"
(within the meaning of Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or
indirectly, acquires Seller Common Stock which results in a such third party
or "group" having beneficial ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
then outstanding Seller Common Stock or (2) a sale, transfer or license
(having similar effect as a sale or transfer) of fifty percent (50%) or more
of the fair market value of the assets of Seller, other than in the ordinary
course of business, or (3) a definitive agreement with respect to any
transaction referred to in (1) or (2) is executed by Seller or any Seller
Subsidiaries, in the case of (1), (2) or (3), within one (1) year following
termination of this Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of Merger pursuant
to this Section 6.1(e);   (iii) By Seller pursuant to Sections 6.1(d) or
6.1(g), if the failure to obtain the required regulatory approvals, in the
one case, or the failure of the Closing Date to occur by the close of
business on March 31, 2003, in the other, is directly caused by Purchaser
having entered into an agreement to acquire another bank or bank holding
company;  then, in the case of clause (i), Seller shall pay to Purchaser by
wire transfer of the same day funds promptly, but not later than two (2)
business days after the date of such termination, a termination fee of $
6,375,000 (the "Termination Fee"), and, in the case of clause (ii), Seller
shall pay the Termination Fee to Purchaser by wire transfer of same day funds
promptly, but not later than two (2) business days after satisfaction of all
conditions to the payment thereof set forth in clause (ii), and in the case
of clause (iii), Purchaser shall pay the Termination Fee to Seller by wire
transfer of same day funds promptly, not later than two (2) business days
after the date of such termination, the Termination Fee. In the event that
one party is entitled to the Termination Fee, the party paying the
Termination Fee shall also pay the receiving party interest at the rate of
seven and one-half percent (7.5%) per annum on any amounts that are not paid
when due, plus all costs and expense in connection with or arising out of the
enforcement of the obligation of the party paying the Termination Fee to pay
such fee or such interest.   6.3. SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES
AND COVENANTS   All representations, warranties and covenants in this
Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of Merger or in any instrument
delivered pursuant hereto or thereto shall expire on, and be terminated and
extinguished at, the Effective Date other than covenants that by their terms
are to survive or be performed after the Effective Date; provided, that no
such representations, warranties or covenants shall be deemed to be
terminated or extinguished so as to deprive Purchaser, Merger Sub or Seller
(or any director, officer or     32  controlling person thereof) of any
defense in law or equity which otherwise would be available against the
claims of any person, including, without limitation, any shareholder or
former shareholder of Seller, the aforesaid representations, warranties and
covenants being material inducements to the consummation by Purchaser and
Seller of the transactions contemplated herein.   6.4. WAIVER   Except
where prohibited by law, Purchaser and Seller, respectively, by written
instrument signed by an executive officer of such party, may at any
time (whether before or after approval of this Reorganization Agreement and
the Plan of Merger by the shareholders of Seller) extend the time for the
performance of any of the obligations or other acts of Seller, on the one
hand, or Purchaser or Merger Sub, on the other hand, and may waive (i) any
inaccuracies of such parties in the representations or warranties contained
in this Agreement, the Plan of Merger or any document delivered pursuant
hereto or thereto; (ii) compliance with any of the covenants, undertakings or
agreements of such parties, or satisfaction of any of the conditions
precedent to its obligations, contained herein or in the Plan of Merger; or
(iii) the performance by such parties of any of its obligations set out
herein or therein; provided, however, that no such waiver, or amendment or
supplement contemplated by Section 6.5 hereof, executed after approval of
this Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of Merger by the shareholders of
Seller shall, without the further approval thereof, change the amount or kind
of Merger Consideration.   6.5. AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT   This
Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of Merger may be amended
or supplemented at any time only by mutual agreement of the parties hereto
or thereto. Any such amendment or supplement must be in writing and approved
by their respective boards of directors and/or officers authorized thereby
and shall be subject to the proviso in Section 6.4 hereto.   ARTICLE 7. 
MISCELLANEOUS   7.1. EXPENSES   Except as otherwise provided in Section
6.2(b) hereof, each party hereto shall bear and pay all costs and expenses
incurred by it in connection with the transactions contemplated in this
Reorganization Agreement, including fees and expenses of its own financial
consultants, accountants and counsel, except that Purchaser and Seller each
shall bear and pay fifty percent (50%) of all printing and mailing costs and
filing fees associated with the Proxy Statement.   7.2. ENTIRE AGREEMENT  
This Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of Merger contain the
entire agreement between the parties with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereunder     33  and thereunder and supersede all prior
arrangements or understandings with respect thereto, written or oral, other
than documents referred to herein or therein and the Confidentiality
Agreement. The terms and conditions of this Reorganization Agreement and the
Plan of Merger shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties
hereto and thereto and their respective successors. Except as specifically
set forth herein, or in the Plan of Merger, nothing in this Reorganization
Agreement or the Plan of Merger, expressed or implied, is intended to confer
upon any party, other than the parties hereto and thereto, and their
respective successors, any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities.  
7.3. NO ASSIGNMENT   No party hereto may assign any of its rights or
obligations under this Reorganization Agreement to any other person.   7.4.
ALTERNATIVE STRUCTURE   Notwithstanding any provision of this Reorganization
Agreement to the contrary, Purchaser may, with the written consent of Seller,
which shall not be unreasonably withheld, elect, subject to the filing of all
necessary applications and the receipt of all required regulatory approvals,
to modify the structure of the acquisition of Seller and the Seller
Subsidiaries set forth herein; provided, that (i) the consideration to be
paid to the holders of the Seller Common Stock is not thereby changed in kind
or reduced in amount as a result of such modification; and (ii) such
modification shall not materially delay or jeopardize the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by the Reorganization Agreement and the Plan of
Merger; provided, further, that Purchaser shall pay all costs, if any,
associated with any such modifications of structure.   7.5. NOTICES   All
notices or other communications which are required or permitted hereunder
shall be in writing and sufficient if delivered personally or sent
by facsimile transmission or overnight express or by registered or certified
mail, postage prepaid, addressed as follows:   If to Seller:   VIB Corp 
1498 Main Street  El Centro, California 92243  Attn: Dennis L. Kern 
Facsimile No: 760.337.3229   With a required copy to:   Horgan, Rosen,
Beckham and Coren, L.L.P.  23975 Park Sorrento, Suite 200  Calabasas,
California 91302     34   Attn: S. Alan Rosen, Esq.  Facsimile No:
818.591.3838   If to Purchaser or Merger Sub:   Rabobank International 
245 Park Avenue  New York, New York 10167  Attn: Guillermo Bilbao 
Facsimile No: 212.916.7880   With a required copy to:   Arnold and Porter 
399 Park Avenue  New York, New York 10022-4690  Attn: Isaac Lustgarten,
Esq.  Facsimile No: 212.715.1399   7.6. CAPTIONS   The captions contained
in this Reorganization Agreement are for reference purposes only and are not
part of this Reorganization Agreement.   7.7. COUNTERPARTS   This
Reorganization Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, and
each such counterpart shall be deemed to be an original instrument, but all
such counterparts together shall constitute but one agreement.   7.8.
GOVERNING LAW   This Reorganization Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California applicable
to agreements made and entirely to be performed within such jurisdiction,
except to the extent federal law may be applicable.   [Remainder of page
left intentionally blank; signatures  appear on the following page.]    
35   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, intending to be legally
bound hereby, have caused this Reorganization Agreement to be executed in
counterparts by their duly authorized officers and their corporate seal to be
hereunto affixed and attested by their officers thereunto duly authorized,
all as of the day and year first above written.     COOPERATIEVE
CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN-BOERENLEENBANK B.A., RABOBANK NEDERLAND    By /s/
Cor F. Broekhuyse By /s/ Henk Adams  ------------------------
------------------------ Executive Vice President Senior Vice
President    UTRECHT-AMERICA ACQUISITION CORP. I    By: /s/ Cor F.
Broekhuyse By: /s/ Guillermo Bilbao  -----------------------
----------------------- President Vice President    VIB CORP    By:
/s/ Dennis L. Kern By /s/ Charlotte Studer  -----------------------
----------------------- President and Secretary Chief Executive
Officer     36  ANNEX A EXECUTION COPY   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER
OF  UTRECHT-AMERICAN ACQUISITION CORP. I  WITH AND INTO VIB CORP   
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER ("Plan of Merger") dated as of July 30, 2002, by
and between VIB CORP ("Seller"), a California corporation having
its principal executive office at 1498 Main Street, El Centro, California
92243, UTRECHT-AMERICA ACQUISITION CORP. I ("Merger Sub"), a California
corporation having its principal executive office at 245 Park Avenue, New
York, New York 10167, and COOPERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN-BOERENLEENBANK
B.A., RABOBANK NEDERLAND ("Purchaser"), a cooperative bank organized under
the laws of The Netherlands having its registered office in Amsterdam, The
Netherlands.   WITNESSETH   WHEREAS, the respective Boards of Directors of
Seller and Merger Sub and the Supervisory Board and the Board of Management
of Purchaser deem the merger of Merger Sub with and into Seller, under and
pursuant to the terms and conditions herein set forth or referred to,
desirable and in the best interests of the respective corporations and their
respective shareholders, and the respective Boards of Directors of Seller and
Merger Sub and the Supervisory Board and the Board of Management of Purchaser
have adopted resolutions approving this Plan of Merger and an Agreement and
Plan of Reorganization dated of even date herewith ("Reorganization
Agreement"); and   WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire that Seller shall be
acquired by Purchaser through the merger of Merger Sub with and into Seller,
with Seller as the surviving corporation, subject to the terms and conditions
of this Plan of Merger and the Reorganization Agreement;   NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the premises and of the mutual agreements herein
contained, the parties hereto do hereby agree as follows:    ARTICLE 1. 
MERGER   Subject to the terms and conditions of this Plan of Merger, at
the Effective Time (as hereinafter defined), Merger Sub shall be merged with
and into Seller, pursuant to the provisions of, and with the effect provided
in, the California General Corporation Law (said transaction being
hereinafter referred to as the "Merger"). At the Effective Time, the separate
existence of Merger Sub shall cease and Seller, as the surviving entity,
shall continue unaffected and unimpaired by the Merger (Seller as existing on
and after the Effective Time being hereinafter sometimes referred to as the
"Surviving Corporation").      ARTICLE 2.  ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION AND
BY-LAWS   The Articles of Incorporation and the By-Laws of Seller in
effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the Articles of
Incorporation and the By-Laws of the Surviving Corporation, in each case
until amended in accordance with applicable law.   ARTICLE 3.  BOARD OF
DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS   The directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to
the Effective Time shall be the directors of Seller, and the officers of
Seller immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the officers of
Seller, each to hold office in accordance with the Articles of Incorporation
and By-laws of Seller.   ARTICLE 4.  CAPITAL   At the Effective Time, all
of the shares of capital stock of Merger Sub issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall remain outstanding and
unchanged by virtue of the Merger and shall constitute all of the issued and
outstanding shares of capital stock of the Seller.   ARTICLE 5.  CONVERSION
AND EXCHANGE OF SELLER SHARES   5.1 At the Effective Time, each share of the
common stock of Seller, no par value ("Seller Common Stock"), outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time (except as provided in Sections 5.2
and 5.3), together with the rights attached thereto issued pursuant to the
Preferred Shares Rights Agreement, dated as of August 14, 2001, between
Seller and U.S. Stock Transfer Corporation, as rights agent, shall by virtue
of the Merger be converted into the right to receive $15.10 in cash (the
"Merger Consideration").   5.2 At the Effective Time, all shares of Seller
Common Stock held in the treasury of Seller or owned beneficially by any
subsidiary of Seller other than in a fiduciary capacity (the "Trust Account
Shares") or in connection with a debt previously contracted ("DPC Shares"),
and all shares of Seller Common Stock owned by Purchaser or owned
beneficially by any subsidiary of Purchaser other than Trust Account Shares
and DPC Shares shall be canceled and no cash, stock or other property shall
be delivered in exchange therefor.   5.3 Notwithstanding any other
provisions contained in this Plan of Merger, to the extent required by the
California General Corporation Law, no shares of Seller Common Stock that are
issued and outstanding as of the Effective Time and that are held by a
shareholder, who has properly exercised his appraisal rights (any such shares
being referred to herein as "Dissenting Shares") under applicable law, shall
be converted into     2  the right to receive the Merger Consideration,
unless and until the holder shall have failed to perfect, or shall have
effectively withdrawn or lost, his right to dissent from the Merger under
applicable law and to receive such consideration as may be determined to be
due with respect to such Dissenting Shares pursuant to and subject to the
requirements of applicable law. If any such holder shall have failed to
perfect or effectively withdrawn or lost such holder\'s right to dissent from
the Merger, each of such holder\'s shares of Seller Common Stock shall
thereupon be deemed to have been converted into and to have become, at the
Effective Time, the right to receive the Merger Consideration.   5.4 As of
the Closing Date, Purchaser shall deposit, or shall cause to be deposited,
with U.S. Stock Transfer Corporation (the "Payment Agent"), for the benefit
of the holders of shares of Seller Common Stock, for payment in accordance
with this Section 5.4, the Merger Consideration to be paid pursuant to
Section 5.1 and deposited pursuant to this Section 5.4 in exchange
for outstanding shares of Seller Common Stock. Promptly after the Effective
Time, Purchaser shall cause the Payment Agent to mail to each holder of
record of a certificate previously representing shares of Seller common Stock
(a "Certificate") the following: (i) a letter of transmittal specifying
that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the
Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of the Certificates to the
Payment Agent, which shall be in a form and contain such provisions as
Purchaser and Seller may determine; and (ii) instructions for use in
effecting the surrender of the Certificates in payment for the Merger
Consideration. Upon the proper surrender of a Certificate to the Payment
Agent, together with a properly completed and duly executed letter of
transmittal, the holder of such Certificate shall be entitled to receive in
payment therefor a check representing the Merger Consideration which such
holder has the right to receive in respect of the Certificate
surrendered pursuant to the provisions hereof, and the Certificate so
surrendered shall forthwith be cancelled. No interest will be paid or accrued
on the Merger Consideration. In the event of a transfer of ownership of any
shares of Seller Common Stock not registered in the transfer records of
Seller, a check for the Merger Consideration may be issued to the transferee
if the Certificate representing such Seller Common Stock is presented to the
Payment Agent, accompanied by documents sufficient, in the discretion of
Purchaser, (i) to evidence and effect such transfer; and (ii) to evidence
that all applicable stock transfer taxes have been paid. Any portion of the
aggregate Merger Consideration or the proceeds of any investments thereof
that remains unclaimed by the shareholders of Seller for six months after the
Effective Time shall be repaid by the Payment Agent to Purchaser. Any
shareholders of Seller who have not theretofore complied with this Section
5.4 shall thereafter look only to Purchaser for payment of the Merger
Consideration deliverable in respect of each share of Seller Common Stock
such shareholder holds as determined pursuant to this Plan of Merger without
any interest thereon. Any other provision of this Plan of Merger
notwithstanding, neither Purchaser or its agent nor any party to the Merger
shall be liable to a holder of Seller Common Stock for any amount paid or
property delivered in good faith to a public official pursuant to
any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law. After the
Effective Time, the stock transfer books of Seller shall be closed and no
transfer of Seller Common Stock shall thereafter be made or recognized. If
after the Effective Time Certificates are presented to Purchaser or the
Surviving Corporation, they shall be cancelled and     3  exchanged for
the Merger Consideration deliverable in respect thereof pursuant to this Plan
of Merger in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section
5.4.   5.5 At the Effective Time, the right to purchase shares of Seller
Common stock pursuant to stock options granted under the VIB Corp 1997 Stock
Option Plan ("Employee Stock Options") shall terminate and such options shall
be cancelled. With respect to each Employee Stock Option that (a) is
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and (b) has an exercise
price of less than $15.10, the holder of such option shall be paid an amount
equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Seller Common Stock
subject to such option immediately prior to the Effective Time, and (ii) the
difference between $15.10 and the aggregate exercise price of such option.
All such amounts shall be paid by Purchaser as soon as practicable after the
Effective Time.   5.6 In the event any Certificate shall have been lost,
stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the
person claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if
required by Purchaser, the posting by such person of a bond in such amount as
Purchaser may reasonably direct as indemnity against any claim that may be
made against it with respect to such Certificate, Purchaser or its agent will
issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate the Merger
Consideration to which the holder of such Certificate is entitled pursuant to
Section 5.1.   ARTICLE 6.  EFFECTIVE TIME OF THE MERGER   This Plan of
Merger shall be delivered to the California Secretary of State for filing as
provided in the Reorganization Agreement. The Merger shall be effective at
the time and on the date as designated by the California Secretary of State
(such date and time being herein referred to as the "Effective Time").  
ARTICLE 7.  FURTHER ASSURANCES   If at any time the Surviving Corporation
shall consider or be advised that any further assignments, conveyances or
assurances are necessary or desirable to vest, perfect or confirm in the
Surviving Corporation title to any property or rights of Merger Sub, or
otherwise carry out the provisions hereof, the proper officers and directors
of Merger Sub, as of the Effective Time, and thereafter the officers of the
Surviving Corporation acting on behalf of Merger Sub, shall execute and
deliver any and all proper assignments, conveyances and assurances, and do
all things necessary or desirable to vest, perfect or confirm title to such
property or rights in the Surviving Corporation and otherwise carry out the
provisions hereof.   ARTICLE 8.  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT     4   The
obligations of Purchaser, Merger Sub and Seller to effect the Merger as
herein provided shall be subject to satisfaction, unless duly waived, of
the conditions set forth in the Reorganization Agreement (which is
incorporated herein by reference).   ARTICLE 9.  TERMINATION   Anything
contained in the Plan of Merger to the contrary notwithstanding, and
notwithstanding adoption hereof by the shareholders of Seller, this Plan of
Merger may be terminated and the Merger abandoned as provided in the
Reorganization Agreement.   ARTICLE 10.  MISCELLANEOUS   10.1 This Plan
of Merger may be amended or supplemented at any time prior to the Effective
Time by mutual agreement of Purchaser, Merger Sub and Seller. Any such
amendment or supplement must be in writing and approved by their respective
Boards of Directors, in the cases of Merger Sub and Seller, and the
Supervisory Board and the Board of Management, in the case of
Purchaser, and/or by officers authorized thereby and shall be subject to the
proviso in Section 6.4 of the Reorganization Agreement.   10.2 Any notice
or other communication required or permitted under this Plan of Merger shall
be given, and shall be effective, in accordance with the provisions of the
Reorganization Agreement.   10.3 The headings of the several Articles herein
are inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be a
part of or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Plan of
Merger.   10.4 This Plan of Merger shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of the State of California applicable to the
internal affairs of Seller and Merger Sub, respectively.   [Remainder of
page left intentionally blank; signatures  appear on the following
page.]     5   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, intending to be
legally bound hereby, have caused this Agreement and Plan of Merger to be
executed in counterparts by their duly authorized officers as of the day and
year first above written.     COOPERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN-
BOERENLEENBANK B.A., RABOBANK NEDERLAND    By /s/ Cor F. Breckhuyse By
/s/ Henk Adams  ------------------------ ------------------------ Executive
Vice President Senior Vice President    UTRECHT-AMERICA ACQUISITION CORP.
I    By: /s/ Cor F. Broekhuyse By: /s/ Guillermo Bilbao 
----------------------- ----------------------- President Vice
President    VIB CORP    By: /s/ Dennis L. Kern By /s/ Charlotte
Studer  ------------------------ ------------------------ President and
Secretary Chief Executive Officer     6    '

