   1  Exhibit 2.1     AGREEMENT AND
PLAN OF MERGER   BY AND BETWEEN   KEARNY FEDERAL SAVINGS BANK   AND  
KEARNY FINANCIAL CORP.   AND   KEARNY MHC   AND   WEST ESSEX BANK  
AND   WEST ESSEX BANCORP, INC.   AND   WEST ESSEX BANCORP,
M.H.C.     DATED AS OF SEPTEMBER 11, 2002        2    
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   ARTICLE I  CERTAIN DEFINITIONS  Section
1.01 Definitions.......................................................  
ARTICLE II  THE MERGER AND RELATED MATTERS  Section 2.01 Effects of Merger;
Surviving Institutions......................... Section 2.02 Conversion and
Cancellation of Shares; Effect on Members.......... Section 2.03 Payment for
Shares................................................ Section 2.04
Cancellation of WEST ESSEX Bancorp Stock Options and Restricted 
Stock............................................................. Section
2.05 Availability of
Information....................................... Section 2.06 Employment
Agreements............................................. Section 2.07
Closing...........................................................   ARTICLE
III  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF  WEST ESSEX BANK, WEST ESSEX BANCORP
AND WEST ESSEX MHC  Section 3.01
Organization...................................................... Section
3.02
Capitalization.................................................... Section
3.03 Authority; No
Violation........................................... Section 3.04
Consents.......................................................... Section
3.05 Regulatory Reports;Financial
Statements........................... Section 3.06
Taxes............................................................. Section
3.07 No Material Adverse
Effect........................................ Section 3.08
Contracts......................................................... Section
3.09 Ownership of Property; Insurance
Coverage......................... Section 3.10 Legal
Proceedings................................................. Section 3.11
Compliance With Applicable Law.................................... Section
3.12
ERISA............................................................. Section
3.13 Brokers, Finders and Financial
Advisors........................... Section 3.14 Environmental
Matters............................................. Section 3.15 Loan
Portfolio.................................................... Section 3.16
Information to be Supplied........................................ Section
3.17 Fiduciary
Accounts................................................ Section 3.18 Related
Party Transactions........................................ Section 3.19
Schedule of Termination Benefits.................................. Section
3.20
Deposits.......................................................... Section
3.21 Fairness
Opinion.................................................. Section 3.22
Antitakeover Provisions Inapplicable; Required Vote of 
Stockholders...................................................... Section
3.23 Derivative Transactions...........................................   
3    Section 3.24
Labor............................................................. Section
3.25 Material Interests of Certain Persons.............................  
ARTICLE IV  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF KEARNY  Section 4.01
Organization...................................................... Section
4.02 Authority; No
Violation........................................... Section 4.03
Consents.......................................................... Section
4.04 Compliance With Applicable
Law.................................... Section 4.05 Information to be
Supplied........................................ Section 4.06
Financing......................................................... Section
4.07 Regulatory
Approvals.............................................. Section 4.08 Legal
Proceedings................................................. Section 4.09
Kearny Financial Statements....................................... Section
4.10 Kearny Benefit
Plans.............................................. Section 4.11 Absence of
Certain Changes........................................   ARTICLE V 
COVENANTS OF THE PARTIES  Section 5.01 Conduct of WEST ESSEX\'s
Business.................................. Section 5.02 Access;
Confidentiality........................................... Section 5.03
Regulatory Matters and Consents................................... Section
5.04 Taking of Necessary
Action........................................ Section 5.05 Certain
Agreements................................................ Section 5.06 No
Other Bids and Related Matters................................. Section 5.07
Duty to Advise; Duty to Update the WEST ESSEX Disclosure 
Schedules......................................................... Section
5.08 Conduct of Kearny\'s
Business...................................... Section 5.09 Board and
Committee Minutes....................................... Section 5.10
Undertakings by the Parties....................................... Section
5.11 Employee and Termination Benefits; Directors and
Management....... Section 5.12 Duty to Advise; Duty to Update Kearny
Disclosure Schedules........ Section 5.13 Transaction Expenses of WEST
ESSEX................................   ARTICLE VI  CONDITIONS  Section
6.01 Conditions to Obligations of WEST ESSEX Under this
Agreement..... Section 6.02 Conditions to the Obligations of Kearny Under
this Agreement......   ARTICLE VII  TERMINATION, WAIVER AND
AMENDMENT  Section 7.01
Termination....................................................... Section
7.02 Effect of Termination.............................................  
ii   4     ARTICLE VIII  MISCELLANEOUS  Section 8.01
Expenses.......................................................... Section
8.02 Non-Survival of Representations and
Warranties.................... Section 8.03 Amendment, Extension and
Waiver................................... Section 8.04 Entire
Agreement.................................................. Section 8.05 No
Assignment..................................................... Section 8.06
Notices........................................................... Section
8.07
Captions.......................................................... Section
8.08
Counterparts...................................................... Section
8.09
Severability...................................................... Section
8.10 Governing
Law..................................................... Section 8.11
Specific
Performance..............................................   EXHIBITS:  
Exhibit A Form of merger agreement relating to the Corporate Merger  Exhibit
B Form of merger agreement relating to the Mid-Tier Merger  Exhibit C Form of
merger agreement relating to the MHC Merger  Exhibit D Form of merger
agreement relating to the Bank Merger  Exhibit E Form of WEST ESSEX Voting
Agreement  Exhibit 6.1 Form of Opinion of Counsel for Kearny  Exhibit 6.2
Form of Opinion of Counsel for WEST ESSEX    iii   5     AGREEMENT
AND PLAN OF MERGER    THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this "Agreement"),
dated as of September 11, 2002, is by and between (i) Kearny Federal Savings
Bank, a Federally-chartered savings bank ("Bank"), Kearny Financial
Corp. ("Corporation"), a Federal MHC subsidiary holding company and the
parent corporation of Bank, Kearny MHC ("MHC"), a federal mutual holding
company of the Bank and the parent company of Corporation, and (ii) WEST
ESSEX Bank, a Federally-chartered savings bank ("WEST ESSEX Bank"), WEST
ESSEX Bancorp, Inc., a Federal MHC subsidiary holding company ("WEST ESSEX
Bancorp"), and WEST ESSEX Bancorp, M.H.C., a Federally- chartered mutual
holding company ("WEST ESSEX MHC"). Each of Bank, Corporation, MHC, WEST
ESSEX Bank, WEST ESSEX Bancorp and WEST ESSEX MHC is sometimes individually
referred to herein as a "party," and collectively as the "parties."  
RECITALS   1. Bank is a stock savings bank with its principal offices
located in Kearny, New Jersey. Corporation is its parent company for Bank and
MHC is Corporation\'s parent company and the mutual holding company for Bank.
Bank, Corporation and MHC all have their principal offices in Kearny, New
Jersey.   2. WEST ESSEX MHC owns a majority of the outstanding capital stock
of WEST ESSEX Bancorp, which owns all of the outstanding capital stock of
WEST ESSEX Bank. WEST ESSEX Bank, WEST ESSEX Bancorp and WEST ESSEX MHC all
have their principal offices in Caldwell, New Jersey.   3. The Boards of
Directors of the respective parties deem it advisable and in the best
interests of the parties, including the members of MHC and WEST ESSEX MHC,
and the stockholders of WEST ESSEX Bancorp, for the following
merger transactions: (i) WEST ESSEX Bancorp will merge with Corporation
Merger Sub (a wholly owned subsidiary of Corporation), with WEST ESSEX
Bancorp as the surviving entity; (ii) WEST ESSEX MHC will merge with MHC,
with MHC as the surviving entity; (iii) WEST ESSEX Bancorp will merge or
consolidate with Corporation, with Corporation as the surviving entity; (iv)
WEST ESSEX Bank will merge with and into Bank, with Bank as the surviving
institution, and Bank will remain a subsidiary of Corporation; (v)
concurrently with steps (i) through (iv), 100% of the outstanding shares of
WEST ESSEX Bancorp Common Stock previously held by stockholders other than
WEST ESSEX MHC will be canceled and exchanged for a payment of $35.10 per
share in cash paid by Corporation or Corporation Merger Sub pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement; and (vi) as a result of the foregoing, the interests
of WEST ESSEX MHC members shall cease to exist and will be converted into
interests of the same nature in MHC.   4. The parties desire to provide for
certain undertakings, conditions, representations, warranties and covenants
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   In
consideration of the premises and of the mutual representations, warranties
and covenants herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the
parties hereby agree as follows:      6     ARTICLE I  CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS   SECTION 1.01. DEFINITIONS.   Except as otherwise provided
herein, as used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the
indicated meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the
singular and plural forms of the terms defined):   "Affiliate" means, with
respect to any Person, any Person who directly, or indirectly, through one or
more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common
control of, such Person and, without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, includes any executive officer or director of such Person and any
Affiliate of such executive officer or director.   "Agreement" means this
agreement, and any amendment or supplement hereto, which constitutes a "plan
of merger" between Bank, Corporation, MHC, WEST ESSEX MHC, WEST ESSEX Bancorp
and WEST ESSEX Bank.   "Applications" means the applications to be filed
with the appropriate Regulatory Authorities requesting approval or
nonobjection of the transactions described in this Agreement.   "Bank"
means Kearny Federal Savings Bank, a Federally-chartered stock savings
bank.   "Bank Merger" means the merger of WEST ESSEX Bank with and into
Bank, with Bank as the surviving institution.   "Bank Subsidiary" means any
corporation, 50% or more of the capital stock of which is owned, either
directly or indirectly, by Bank, except any corporation the stock of which is
held as security by Bank in the ordinary course of its lending
activities.   "Closing" means the closing of the Merger as set forth in
Section 2.07 of this Agreement.   "Closing Date" means the date determined
by Kearny, in consultation with and upon no less than five (5) days prior
written notice to WEST ESSEX Bancorp, but in no event later than fifteen (15)
days after the last condition precedent pursuant to this Agreement has been
fulfilled or waived (including the expiration of any applicable waiting
period), or such other date as to which the parties shall mutually agree.  
"Corporate Merger" means the merger of Corporation Merger Sub with and into
WEST ESSEX Bancorp with WEST ESSEX Bancorp as the surviving entity.  
"Corporation Merger Sub" means a wholly owned subsidiary of Corporation to be
incorporated to facilitate the merger of WEST ESSEX Bancorp and
Corporation.   "Environment" means ambient air, surface water, groundwater,
soil, sediment and land.    2   7     "Environmental Assessment"
shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 5.02(a) of this
Agreement.   "Environmental Conditions" means any pollution or contamination
or threatened pollution or contamination of, or the Release or threatened
Release of Hazardous Materials into, the Environment.   "Environmental Law"
means any Federal or state law, statute, rule, regulation, code, order,
judgment, decree, injunction, common law or agreement with any Federal or
state governmental authority relating to (i) the protection, preservation or
restoration of the environment (including air, surface water, groundwater,
drinking water supply, surface land, subsurface land, plant and animal life
or any other natural resource), (ii) human health or safety, or (iii)
exposure to, or the use, storage, recycling, treatment,
generation, transportation, processing, handling, labeling, production,
release or disposal of, hazardous substances, in each case as amended and now
in effect.   "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended.   "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated from time to time
thereunder.   "Exchange Agent" means the third party entity selected by
Kearny and reasonably acceptable to WEST ESSEX, as provided in Section
2.03(a) of this Agreement.   "FinPro" means FinPro, Inc., the financial
advisor to WEST ESSEX in connection with the transactions provided for in
this Agreement.   "FDIA" means the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, as
amended.   "FDIC" means the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.  
"FHLB" means the Federal Home Loan Bank.   "GAAP" means generally accepted
accounting principles as in effect at the relevant date and consistently
applied.   "Hazardous Material" means any substance (whether solid, liquid
or gas) which is detrimental to human health or safety or to the environment,
currently listed, defined, designated or classified as hazardous, toxic,
radioactive or dangerous, or otherwise regulated, under any Environmental
Law, whether by type or by quantity, including any substance containing any
such substance as a component. Hazardous Material includes, without
limitation, any toxic waste, pollutant, contaminant, hazardous substance,
toxic substance, hazardous waste, special waste, industrial substance, oil or
petroleum, or any derivative or by-product thereof, radon, radioactive
material, asbestos, asbestos-containing material, urea formaldehyde foam
insulation, lead and polychlorinated biphenyl.   "HOLA" means the Home
Owners\' Loan Act of 1956, as amended.   3   8     "IRC" or "Code"
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.   "IRS" means the
Internal Revenue Service.   "ISRA" means the New Jersey Industrial Site
Recovery Act, N.J.S.A.13:1K-6 et seq., and the regulations promulgated
thereunder, N.J.A.C. 7:26B-1.1 et seq.   "Kearny" means the Bank, the
Corporation, the MHC and/or any direct or indirect Subsidiary of such
entities.   "Kearny Disclosure Schedules" means the Disclosure Schedules
delivered by Kearny to WEST ESSEX pursuant to Article IV of this
Agreement.   "Kearny Financials" means the audited consolidated financial
statements of Corporation as of June 30, 2001 and 2000 and for the three
years ended June 30, 2001, including the notes thereto, and (ii) the
unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Corporation as of
each calendar quarter following December 31, 2001.   "Loan Property" means
any property or facility in which WEST ESSEX (or a Subsidiary of WEST ESSEX)
holds a security interest and, where required by the context, includes the
owner and/or operator of such property or facility, but only with respect to
such property or facility.   "Material Adverse Effect" shall mean, with
respect to Kearny or WEST ESSEX, any adverse effect on its assets, financial
condition or results of operations which is material to its assets, financial
condition or results of operations on a consolidated basis, except for any
material adverse effect caused by (i) any change in the value of the assets
of Kearny or WEST ESSEX resulting from a change in interest rates generally,
(ii) any individual or combination of changes occurring after the date hereof
in any Federal or state law, rule or regulation or in GAAP, which change(s)
affect(s) financial institutions generally, or (iii) reasonable expenses
incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby.   "Member Proxy Statement" means any proxy statement, if any,
together with any supplements thereto, to be transmitted by WEST ESSEX MHC to
its members in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement if a vote of such members is required by any Regulatory
Authority.   "Merger" shall mean collectively the Corporate Merger, the MHC
Merger, the Mid-Tier Merger, the Bank Merger and any other mergers by interim
corporate entities necessary to effectuate the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement.   "Merger Effective Date" means the date upon which the
articles of combination as to the Merger are filed and endorsed by the OTS or
as otherwise stated in the articles of combination, in accordance with HOLA
and the regulations of the OTS.   "Merger Consideration" has the meaning
given to that term in Section 2.02(a) of this Agreement.   4   9    
"MHC Merger" means the merger of the WEST ESSEX MHC with and into MHC
with MHC as the surviving entity.   "Mid-Tier Merger" means the merger of
WEST ESSEX Bancorp with and into Corporation with Corporation as the
surviving entity.   "OTS" means the Office of Thrift Supervision.  
"Participation Facility" means any property or facility in which WEST ESSEX
(or a Subsidiary of WEST ESSEX) participates in the management of
such property or facility (including all property or facilities held in trust
or in any other fiduciary capacity) and, where required by the context,
includes the owner and/or operator of such property, but only with respect to
such property or facility.   "Person" means any individual, corporation,
partnership, joint venture, association, trust or "group" (as that term is
defined under the Exchange Act).   "Proxy Statement" means the proxy
statement, together with any supplements thereto, to be transmitted to
holders of WEST ESSEX Bancorp Common Stock and, if required by any Regulatory
Authority, any proxy statement together with any supplements thereto to be
transmitted by WEST ESSEX MHC to the members of WEST ESSEX MHC in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   "Release" means any
intentional or unintentional release, discharge, spill, leaking, pumping,
pouring, emitting, emptying, injection, disposal or dumping.   "Regulatory
Agreement" has the meaning given to that term in Section 3.11 of this
Agreement.   "Regulatory Authority" or "Regulatory Authorities" means any
agency or department of any Federal or state government, including, without
limitation, the OTS, the FDIC, the SEC and the respective staffs thereof.  
"Rights" means warrants, options, rights, convertible securities and
other capital stock equivalents which obligate an entity to issue its
securities.   "SAIF" means the Savings Association Insurance Fund, as
administered by the FDIC.   "Sandler O\'Neill" means Sandler O\'Neill and
Partners, LLP, the financial advisor to Kearny in connection with the
transactions provided for in this Agreement.   "SEC" means the Securities
and Exchange Commission.   "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated from time to time
thereunder.    5   10     "Securities Documents" means all
registration statements, schedules, statements, forms, reports, proxy
material, and other documents required to be filed under the Securities
Laws.   "Securities Laws" means the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and
the rules and regulations promulgated from time to time thereunder.  
"Stockholder Proxy Statement" means the proxy statement together with
any supplements thereto to be transmitted to holders of WEST ESSEX Bancorp
Common Stock in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   "Subsidiary" means any corporation, 50% or more of the capital
stock of which is owned, either directly or indirectly, by another entity,
except any corporation the stock of which is held as security by either
Kearny or WEST ESSEX, as the case may be, in the ordinary course of its
lending activities.   "WEST ESSEX" means WEST ESSEX MHC, WEST ESSEX Bancorp,
WEST ESSEX Bank and/or any direct or indirect Subsidiary of such
entities.   "WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedules" means the Disclosure Schedules
delivered by WEST ESSEX to Kearny pursuant to Article III of this
Agreement.   "WEST ESSEX Employee Plan" has the meaning given to that term
in Section 3.12 of this Agreement.   "WEST ESSEX Bancorp" means WEST ESSEX
Bancorp, Inc., a Federal MHC subsidiary holding company.   "WEST ESSEX
Bancorp Financials" means (i) the audited consolidated financial statements
of WEST ESSEX Bancorp as of December 31, 2001 and 2000 and for the three
years ended December 31, 2001, including the notes thereto, and (ii) the
unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of WEST ESSEX Bancorp as
of each calendar quarter following December 31, 2001 included in Securities
Documents filed by WEST ESSEX Bancorp.   "WEST ESSEX Bancorp Common Stock"
means the common stock of WEST ESSEX Bancorp described in Section
3.02(a).   "WEST ESSEX Bancorp Options" means the options awarded to acquire
shares of WEST ESSEX Bancorp Common Stock as set forth in Section 3.02 and as
disclosed at WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 3.12(i).   "WEST ESSEX MHC"
means WEST ESSEX Bancorp, M.H.C., a Federally-chartered mutual holding
company.   "WEST ESSEX Pension Plan" has the meaning given to that term in
Section 3.12 of this Agreement.    6   11     "WEST ESSEX Property"
means any property or facility currently or formerly owned, operated, leased
or occupied by WEST ESSEX, or any of them (or a predecessor of any of the
foregoing), in connection with WEST ESSEX\'s business.   "WEST ESSEX
Regulatory Reports " means the OTS Thrift Financial Reports ("TFRs") of WEST
ESSEX Bank and accompanying schedules, as filed with the OTS for each
calendar quarter beginning with the quarter ended March 31, 1998, through the
Closing Date, and all Annual, Quarterly and Current Reports filed with the
OTS by WEST ESSEX Bancorp or WEST ESSEX MHC from March 31, 1998, through the
Closing Date.   "WEST ESSEX Restricted Stock" means awards of Common Stock
under any stock bonus plan of WEST ESSEX Bancorp or WEST ESSEX Bank as
disclosed at WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 2.04(b).   "WEST ESSEX Bank"
means WEST ESSEX Bank, a Federally- chartered stock savings bank.   "WEST
ESSEX Subsidiary" means any corporation, 50% or more of the capital stock of
which is owned, either directly or indirectly, by WEST ESSEX Bancorp, and
includes WEST ESSEX Bank, except that it does not include any corporation the
stock of which is held in the ordinary course of the lending activities
of WEST ESSEX Bank.   ARTICLE II  THE MERGER AND RELATED MATTERS  
SECTION 2.01. EFFECTS OF MERGER; SURVIVING INSTITUTIONS.   On the Merger
Effective Date, the Merger will be effected as follows:   (a) THE CORPORATE
MERGER AND MID-TIER MERGER. Corporation Merger Sub shall merge with and into
WEST ESSEX Bancorp with WEST ESSEX Bancorp as the surviving entity (the
"Corporate Merger"). WEST ESSEX Bancorp and Corporation Merger Sub shall
enter into the Corporate Merger Agreement substantially in the form
of Exhibit A attached hereto. Immediately thereafter, WEST ESSEX Bancorp
shall merge with and into Corporation with Corporation as the surviving
entity in accordance with the Mid-Tier Merger Agreement substantially in the
form of Exhibit B attached hereto.   (b) THE MHC MERGER. WEST ESSEX MHC
shall merge with and into MHC with MHC as the surviving entity. The separate
existence of WEST ESSEX MHC shall cease, and all of the property (real,
personal and mixed), rights, powers and duties and obligations of WEST ESSEX
MHC shall be taken and deemed to be transferred to and vested in MHC, as the
surviving entity in the MHC Merger, without further act or deed, all in
accordance with the applicable laws of the United States, and regulations of
the OTS. WEST ESSEX MHC and MHC shall enter into the MHC Merger Agreement
substantially in the form of Exhibit C attached hereto.    7   12    
(c) THE BANK MERGER. WEST ESSEX Bank shall merge with and into Bank,
with Bank as the surviving institution (the "Bank Merger"). The Bank Merger
shall be effected pursuant to the Bank Merger Agreement substantially in the
form of Exhibit D attached hereto. As a result of the Bank Merger, the
existence of WEST ESSEX Bank shall cease and Bank shall be the surviving
association and continue its existence as a savings bank under the laws of
the United States.   (d) MODIFICATION OF STRUCTURE. Notwithstanding any
provision of this Agreement to the contrary, Kearny may elect, subject to the
filing of all necessary applications and the receipt of all required
regulatory approvals, to modify the structure of the transactions described
in (a) through (c) above, and the parties shall enter into such alternative
transactions, so long as (i) there are no adverse tax consequences to any of
the stockholders of WEST ESSEX Bancorp as a result of such modification, (ii)
the Merger Consideration is not thereby changed in kind or reduced in amount
because of such modification, (iii) such modification will not be likely to
jeopardize receipt of any required regulatory approvals required under
Sections 6.02(d), or impair or prevent the satisfaction of any conditions to
the Closing.   SECTION 2.02. CONVERSION AND CANCELLATION OF SHARES; EFFECT
ON MEMBERS.   (a) On the Merger Effective Date and in accordance with the
Corporate Merger, MHC Merger, Mid-Tier Merger and the Bank Merger:   (i)
Each issued and outstanding share of WEST ESSEX Bancorp Common  Stock (except
shares held by WEST ESSEX MHC) shall cease to  exist and shall be converted
into the right to receive $35.10  in cash (the "Merger Consideration");  
(ii) the interests of members of WEST ESSEX MHC will be converted  into
interests of the same nature in the MHC (the "Member  Conversion").   (b)
Any shares of WEST ESSEX Bancorp Common Stock which are owned or held by
either party hereto or any of their respective Subsidiaries (other than in
a fiduciary capacity or in connection with debts previously contracted) at
the Merger Effective Date shall cease to exist, the certificates for such
shares shall be canceled as promptly as practicable, such shares shall not be
converted into the Merger Consideration, and no cash shall be issued or
exchanged therefor.   (c) The holders of certificates representing shares
of WEST ESSEX Bancorp Common Stock (any such certificate being hereinafter
referred to as a "Certificate") shall cease to have any rights as
stockholders of WEST ESSEX Bancorp.   (d) As a result of the Member
Conversion, each holder of a deposit account at WEST ESSEX Bank as of the
effective time of the Bank Merger shall become a holder of a deposit account
at the Bank with the same rights, privileges and obligations as a holder of a
deposit account at the Bank at the effective time of the Bank Merger, and all
deposit accounts established at WEST ESSEX Bank prior to the Merger Effective
Date shall be deemed to have been established at the Bank on the date that
they were previously established at WEST ESSEX Bank.    8   13    
SECTION 2.03. PAYMENT FOR SHARES.   (a) As promptly as practicable after the
Merger Effective Date, and in any event within five business days after the
Merger Effective Date, the Exchange Agent shall mail to each holder of record
of an outstanding share Certificate or Certificates a Letter of Transmittal
containing instructions for the surrender of the Certificate or Certificates
held by such holder for payment therefor. Upon surrender of the Certificate
or Certificates to the Exchange Agent in accordance with the instructions set
forth in the Letter of Transmittal, such holder shall promptly receive in
exchange therefor the Merger Consideration, without interest thereon.
Approval of this Agreement by the stockholders of WEST ESSEX Bancorp shall
constitute authorization for Corporation to designate and appoint the
Exchange Agent, which appointment shall be reasonably acceptable to WEST
ESSEX Bancorp. Neither Corporation nor the Exchange Agent shall be obligated
to deliver the Merger Consideration to a former stockholder of WEST ESSEX
Bancorp until such former stockholder surrenders his Certificate
or Certificates or, in lieu thereof, any such appropriate affidavit of loss
and indemnity agreement and bond as may be reasonably required by
Corporation.   (b) If payment of the Merger Consideration is to be made to a
person other than the person in whose name a Certificate surrendered in
exchange therefor is registered, it shall be a condition of payment that the
Certificate so surrendered shall be properly endorsed (or accompanied by an
appropriate instrument of transfer) and otherwise in proper form for
transfer, and that the person requesting such payment shall pay any transfer
or other taxes required by reason of the payment to a person other than the
registered holder of the Certificate surrendered, or required for any other
reason, or shall establish to the satisfaction of the Exchange Agent that
such tax has been paid or is not payable.   (c) On or prior to the Merger
Effective Date, Kearny shall deposit or cause to be deposited, in trust with
the Exchange Agent, an amount of cash equal to the aggregate Merger
Consideration that the WEST ESSEX Bancorp stockholders shall be entitled to
receive on the Merger Effective Date pursuant to Section 2.02 hereof.   (d)
The payment of the Merger Consideration upon the conversion of WEST ESSEX
Bancorp Common Stock in accordance with the above terms and conditions shall
be deemed to have been issued and paid in full satisfaction of all
rights pertaining to such WEST ESSEX Bancorp Common Stock.   (e) Promptly
following the date which is 12 months after the Merger Effective Date, the
Exchange Agent shall deliver to Corporation all cash, certificates and other
documents in its possession relating to the transactions described in this
Agreement, and the Exchange Agent\'s duties shall terminate. Thereafter, each
holder of a Certificate formerly representing shares of WEST ESSEX Bancorp
Common Stock may surrender such Certificate to Corporation and (subject to
applicable abandoned property, escheat and similar laws) receive
in consideration therefor the Merger Consideration multiplied by the number
of shares of WEST ESSEX Bancorp Common Stock formerly represented by
such Certificate, without any interest or dividends thereon.   (f) After
the close of business on the Merger Effective Date, there shall be no
transfers on the stock transfer books of WEST ESSEX Bancorp of the shares of
WEST ESSEX Bancorp   9   14    Common Stock which are outstanding
immediately prior to the Merger Effective Date, and the stock transfer books
of WEST ESSEX Bancorp shall be closed with respect to such shares. If, after
the Merger Effective Date, Certificates representing such shares are
presented for transfer to the Exchange Agent, they shall be canceled and
exchanged for the Merger Consideration as provided in this Article.   (g)
In the event any certificate for WEST ESSEX Bancorp Common Stock shall have
been lost, stolen or destroyed, the Exchange Agent shall deliver (except
as otherwise provided in Section 2.02) in exchange for such lost, stolen
or destroyed certificate, upon the making of an affidavit of the fact by the
holder thereof, the cash to be paid in the Merger as provided for herein;
provided, however, that Corporation may, in its sole discretion and as a
condition precedent to the delivery thereof, require the owner of such lost,
stolen or destroyed certificate to deliver a bond in such reasonable sum as
Corporation may specify as indemnity against any claim that may be made
against WEST ESSEX Bancorp, Corporation or any other party with respect to
the certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed.   (h)
Corporation is hereby authorized, with the consent of WEST ESSEX, to adopt
additional rules and regulations with respect to the matters referred to in
this Agreement not inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement
and which do not adversely affect the rights of stockholders of WEST ESSEX
Bancorp.   SECTION 2.04. CANCELLATION OF WEST ESSEX BANCORP STOCK OPTIONS
AND RESTRICTED STOCK.   (a) Each WEST ESSEX Bancorp Option issued and
outstanding on the date hereof and remaining outstanding immediately prior to
the Closing Date, as set forth in WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 3.12(i),
whether or not the option is then exercisable, shall be converted into the
right to receive a cancellation payment in an amount equal to the product of
(i) the number of shares of WEST ESSEX Bancorp Common Stock subject to such
option immediately prior to the Closing Date and (ii) the excess, if any, of
the Merger Consideration over the exercise price per share of such option,
net of any cash which must be withheld under federal and state income and
employment tax requirements. Such cash payments shall be made by WEST ESSEX
Bancorp not later than the Closing Date in consideration for, and shall
result in, the settlement and cancellation of all such WEST ESSEX Bancorp
Options. As a condition to the receipt of a cash payment in cancellation of
options, each option holder shall execute and deliver a cancellation
agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Kearny.   (b)
Each share of WEST ESSEX Restricted Stock issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Closing Date, as set forth in WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule
2.04(b), shall be canceled and exchanged for payment to be made to
the recipient or holder thereof by WEST ESSEX not later than the Closing Date
in an amount equal to the Merger Consideration, less any cash which must be
withheld under federal and state income and employment tax requirements;
provided that such recipient or holder shall deliver to WEST ESSEX a
cancellation agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
Kearny prior to receipt of such payment.    10   15     SECTION
2.05. AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION.   Promptly after the execution by the
Parties of this Agreement, WEST ESSEX shall provide to Kearny, its officers,
employees, agents, and representatives access, on reasonable notice and
during customary business hours, to the books, records, properties and
facilities of WEST ESSEX and shall use its best efforts to cause its
officers, employees, agents and representatives to cooperate with any
reasonable request for information.   SECTION 2.06. EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENTS.   It is acknowledged that WEST ESSEX Bank currently has
outstanding, separate employment agreements and separate change of control
agreements with individuals detailed at WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 2.06
("Employment Agreements"). Kearny will honor the terms of the Employment
Agreements and WEST ESSEX or Kearny shall make the payments required
thereunder; details of such estimated calculations are set forth in WEST
ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 2.06; provided that no such payments shall be made
prior to delivery of an acknowledgment and release agreement in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to Kearny prior to delivery of such
payments.   SECTION 2.07. CLOSING.   The closing of the Merger shall take
place at the offices of the Corporation in Kearny, New Jersey, or at such
other location selected by Kearny, on the Closing Date.     ARTICLE III 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF  WEST ESSEX BANK, WEST ESSEX BANCORP AND
WEST ESSEX MHC   WEST ESSEX represents and warrants to Kearny that the
statements contained in this Article III are correct and complete as of the
date of this Agreement and will be correct and complete as of the Closing
Date (as though made then and as though the Closing Date were substituted for
the date of this Agreement throughout this Article III), except as set forth
in the WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedules delivered to Kearny on or prior to the
date hereof, and except as to any representation or warranty which
specifically relates to an earlier date. WEST ESSEX has made a good faith
effort to ensure that the disclosure on each schedule of the WEST ESSEX
Disclosure Schedules corresponds to the section reference herein. However,
for purposes of the WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedules, any item disclosed on
any schedule therein is deemed to be fully disclosed with respect to all
schedules under which such item may be relevant.   SECTION 3.01.
ORGANIZATION.   (a) WEST ESSEX MHC is a Federal mutual holding company duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the United
States, and is duly registered as a savings and loan holding company under
the HOLA. WEST ESSEX MHC has full power and authority to carry on its
business as now conducted and is duly licensed or qualified to do business in
the states of the United States and foreign jurisdictions where its ownership
or leasing of property or the   11   16    conduct of its business
requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so licensed or
qualified would not have a Material Adverse Effect on WEST ESSEX MHC. Except
as set forth in WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 3.01(a), WEST ESSEX MHC has no
subsidiary other than WEST ESSEX Bancorp.   (b) WEST ESSEX Bancorp is a
Federal MHC subsidiary holding company duly organized, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the United States, and is duly registered
as a savings and loan holding company under the HOLA. WEST ESSEX Bancorp has
the full corporate power and authority to own or lease all of its properties
and assets and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted, and is
duly licensed or qualified to do business and is in good standing in each
jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted by it or the
character or location of the properties and assets owned or leased by it
makes such licensing or qualification necessary, except where the failure
to be so licensed, qualified or in good standing would not have a Material
Adverse Effect on the business, operations, assets, financial condition or
prospects of WEST ESSEX Bancorp and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. Other
than shares of capital stock in WEST ESSEX Bank and its subsidiaries, as
identified below (collectively, the "WEST ESSEX Subsidiaries"), WEST ESSEX
Bancorp does not own or control, directly or indirectly, or have the right to
acquire directly or indirectly, an equity interest in any corporation,
company, association, partnership, joint venture or other entity.   (c)
WEST ESSEX Bank is a Federal stock savings bank organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the United States. Except as set forth
in WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 3.01(c), WEST ESSEX Bank is the only WEST
ESSEX Subsidiary. The deposits of WEST ESSEX Bank are insured by the FDIC to
the fullest extent permitted by law, and all premiums and
assessments required to be paid in connection therewith have been paid when
due by WEST ESSEX Bank. Each WEST ESSEX Subsidiary is identified in WEST
ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 3.01(c), and is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization.   (d) WEST ESSEX Bank is a member in good
standing of the FHLB of New York and owns the requisite amount of stock
therein.   (e) Except as disclosed in WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule
3.01(e), the respective minute books of WEST ESSEX MHC, WEST ESSEX Bancorp,
WEST ESSEX Bank and each WEST ESSEX Subsidiary accurately records, in all
material respects, all material corporate actions of their respective
stockholders and boards of directors (including committees) through the date
of this Agreement.   (f) Prior to the date of this Agreement, true and
correct copies of the charter and bylaws of WEST ESSEX Bank, WEST ESSEX
Bancorp and WEST ESSEX MHC, and each WEST ESSEX Subsidiary, have been made
available to Kearny.   SECTION 3.02. CAPITALIZATION.   (a) The authorized
capital stock of WEST ESSEX Bancorp consists of 9,000,000 shares of common
stock, $0.01 par value ("WEST ESSEX Bancorp Common Stock"), and 1,000,000
shares   12   17    of Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value (the "WEST
ESSEX Preferred Stock"), of which 1,907,742 shares of WEST ESSEX Bancorp
Common Stock are outstanding, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable,
and free of preemptive rights which are owned by parties other than WEST
ESSEX MHC. Except for an aggregate of 191,835 shares of WEST ESSEX Bancorp
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of stock options, neither WEST ESSEX
Bancorp nor any WEST ESSEX Subsidiary has or is bound by any Right of any
character relating to the purchase, sale or issuance or voting of, or right
to receive dividends or other distributions on any shares of WEST ESSEX
Bancorp Common Stock, or any other security of WEST ESSEX Bancorp or any WEST
ESSEX Subsidiary, or any securities representing the right to vote, purchase
or otherwise receive any shares of WEST ESSEX Bancorp Common Stock or any
other security of WEST ESSEX Bancorp, other than (i) as set forth
in reasonable detail in the WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 3.02(a). There are
no shares of WEST ESSEX Bancorp Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. There
are 401,068 shares of WEST ESSEX Bancorp Common Stock held by WEST ESSEX
Bancorp as treasury stock.   (b) WEST ESSEX MHC owns 2,937,651 shares of
WEST ESSEX Bancorp Common Stock, free and clear of any lien or encumbrance
except as set forth in WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 3.02(b), which shares
represent approximately 60.6 percent of the total shares of WEST ESSEX
Bancorp issued and outstanding. Except for shares of WEST ESSEX Bancorp
Common Stock (and any equity interests that may be attributed to WEST ESSEX
MHC due to its ownership of WEST ESSEX Bancorp Common Stock), WEST ESSEX MHC
does not possess, directly or indirectly, any equity interest in any
corporation.   (c) To the best knowledge of WEST ESSEX Bancorp, no Person or
"group" (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) other
than WEST ESSEX MHC, is the beneficial owner (as defined in Section 13(d) of
the Exchange Act) of 5% or more of the outstanding shares of WEST ESSEX
Bancorp Common Stock, except as disclosed in the WEST ESSEX Disclosure
Schedule 3.02(c).   (d) The authorized capital stock of WEST ESSEX Bank
consists of9,000,000 shares of common stock, $1.00 par value ("WEST ESSEX
Bank Common Stock") and 1,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, $1.00 par value,
of which 100 shares of common stock are issued and outstanding, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free of preemptive rights. All
shares of WEST ESSEX Bank Common Stock issued and outstanding are owned by
WEST ESSEX Bancorp free and clear of any liens, encumbrances, charges,
restrictions or rights of third parties of any kind whatsoever. There are no
shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding.   SECTION 3.03.
AUTHORITY; NO VIOLATION.   (a) WEST ESSEX has full power and authority to
execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by WEST
ESSEX and the completion by WEST ESSEX of the transactions contemplated
hereby have been duly and validly approved by the requisite vote of the
Boards of Directors of WEST ESSEX and, except for approval of the
stockholders of WEST ESSEX Bancorp and, if required, the members of
WEST ESSEX MHC, no other proceedings on the part of WEST ESSEX are necessary
to complete the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been  
13   18    duly and validly executed and delivered by WEST ESSEX; the
MHC Merger has been duly and validly approved by the Board of Directors of
WEST ESSEX MHC; the Mid-Tier Merger has been duly and validly approved by the
Board of Directors of WEST ESSEX Bancorp; and the Bank Merger has been duly
and validly approved by the Board of Directors of WEST ESSEX Bank and,
subject to approval by the stockholders of WEST ESSEX Bancorp and, if
required, the members of WEST ESSEX MHC, and receipt of the required
approvals of the Regulatory Authorities, constitutes the valid and binding
obligations of WEST ESSEX Bank, WEST ESSEX Bancorp and WEST ESSEX MHC,
enforceable against them in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting creditors\' rights
generally, and as to WEST ESSEX Bank, the conservatorship or receivership
provisions of the FDIA, and subject, as to enforceability, to general
principles of equity.   (b) Subject to the receipt of approvals from the
Regulatory Authorities referred to in Section 5.03 hereof and the compliance
by WEST ESSEX and Kearny with any conditions contained therein,   (A) the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by WEST ESSEX,   (B) the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, and   (C) compliance
by WEST ESSEX with any of the terms or provisions  hereof,  will not (i)
conflict with or result in a material breach of any provision of the charter
or bylaws of WEST ESSEX; (ii) to the best knowledge of WEST ESSEX, violate
any statute, code, ordinance, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ, decree
or injunction applicable to WEST ESSEX or any of the properties or assets of
WEST ESSEX; or (iii) violate, conflict with, result in a breach of
any provisions of, constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or
lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, result in the
termination of, accelerate the performance required by, or result in a right
of termination or acceleration or the creation of any lien, security
interest, charge or other encumbrance upon any of the properties or assets of
WEST ESSEX under any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any note,
bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, license, lease, agreement or other
investment or obligation to which WEST ESSEX is a party, or by which they or
any of their respective properties or assets may be bound or affected, except
in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above for violations which,
individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect on
WEST ESSEX.   SECTION 3.04. CONSENTS.   Except as set forth in WEST ESSEX
Disclosure Schedule 3.04, and except for the consents, waivers, approvals,
filings and registrations from or with the Regulatory Authorities referred to
in Section 5.03 hereof and compliance with any conditions contained therein,
and the approval of this Agreement by the requisite vote of the stockholders
of WEST ESSEX Bancorp and, if required, the members of WEST ESSEX MHC, no
consents, waivers or approvals of, or filings or registrations with, any
governmental authority are necessary, and, to the best knowledge of WEST
ESSEX, no consents, waivers or approvals of, or filings or registrations
with, any other third parties are   14   19    necessary, in
connection with (a) the execution and delivery of this Agreement by WEST
ESSEX, and (b) the completion by WEST ESSEX of the transactions described in
this Agreement.   Section 3.05. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS; REGULATORY REPORTS;
AND SECURITIES DOCUMENTS.   (a) WEST ESSEX REGULATORY REPORTS. WEST ESSEX
has previously made available to Kearny, in WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule
3.05(a) or otherwise, the WEST ESSEX Regulatory Reports. The WEST ESSEX
Regulatory Reports have been, or will be, prepared in all material respects
in accordance with applicable regulatory accounting principles and practices
throughout the periods covered by such statements, and fairly present, or
will fairly present in all material respects, the consolidated financial
position, results of operations and changes in stockholders\' equity of WEST
ESSEX Bank and WEST ESSEX Bancorp, as the case may be, as of and for the
periods ended on the dates thereof, in accordance with applicable regulatory
accounting principles applied on a consistent basis, except as otherwise
required or stated therein. Except as set forth in WEST ESSEX Disclosure
Schedule 3.05(a), WEST ESSEX has timely filed all Regulatory Reports,
together with any material amendments thereto that WEST ESSEX is required to
file with (i) OTS, (ii) the FDIC, and (iii) any other federal, state,
municipal, local or foreign government, banking, savings and loan, insurance
and other governmental or regulatory authority and the agencies and staffs
thereof, except where failure to so timely file did not have a
Material Adverse Effect on WEST ESSEX.   (b) WEST ESSEX FINANCIALS. WEST
ESSEX has previously made available to Kearny, in WEST ESSEX Disclosure
Schedule 3.05(b) or otherwise, the WEST ESSEX Financials. The WEST ESSEX
Financials have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, and (including the
related notes where applicable) fairly present, in each case in all material
respects (subject in the case of the unaudited interim statements to normal
year-end adjustments), the consolidated financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of WEST ESSEX Bancorp and the WEST ESSEX
Subsidiaries as of and for the respective periods ending on the
dates thereof, in accordance with GAAP applied on consistent basis during the
periods involved, except as indicated therein, or in the case of unaudited
statements, as permitted by Form 10-QSB.   (c) NO UNDISCLOSED LIABILITIES.
WEST ESSEX does not have any obligations or liabilities (whether accrued,
absolute, contingent, unliquidated or otherwise, whether due or to become
due, and regardless of when asserted), including liabilities for any Tax
(collectively, "Liabilities"), except: (i) as reflected on the consolidated
Balance Sheet of WEST ESSEX as of December 31, 2001, included in the WEST
ESSEX Financials, (ii) for Liabilities that, individually or in the
aggregate, do not have a Material Adverse Effect on WEST ESSEX, or that have
arisen in the ordinary and usual course of business after the date of such
Balance Sheet, and which will be included in the next following report
provided to Kearny pursuant to Section 5.02(d), or (iii) as set forth in the
WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedules.   (d) Securities Documents.   (i) WEST
ESSEX has previously made available to Kearny, in WEST ESSEX Disclosure
Schedule 3.05(d) or otherwise, each Securities Document WEST ESSEX Bancorp
has filed, used or circulated since January 1, 1998 through the date of this
Agreement and will promptly deliver   15   20    each Securities
Document filed, used or circulated after the date hereof, each in the form
(including exhibits and any amendments thereto) filed with the SEC (or, if
not so filed, in the form used or circulated), including, without limitation,
WEST ESSEX Bancorp\'s Annual Reports on Form 10- KSB and Quarterly Reports on
Form 10-QSB.   (ii) No Securities Documents of WEST ESSEX Bancorp, on the
date of effectiveness in the case of such registration statements, or on the
date of filing in the case of such reports or schedules, or on the date of
mailing in the case of such proxy statements, and except as revised, amended
or modified by a subsequently filed document, contained any untrue statement
of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. WEST ESSEX Bancorp
has timely filed all Securities Documents required to be filed by it with the
SEC, under various securities laws and regulations for the last five years
(or such shorter period as it may have been subject to such filing
requirements). All such documents, as finally revised, modified or amended by
any subsequently filed amendment, complied in all material respects with
applicable requirements of law.   SECTION 3.06. TAXES.   WEST ESSEX
Bancorp and the WEST ESSEX Subsidiaries are members of the same affiliated
group within the meaning of IRC Section 1504(a). WEST ESSEX has duly filed
all Federal, state and material local tax returns required to be filed by or
with respect to WEST ESSEX on or prior to the date hereof (all such
returns being accurate and correct in all material respects) and has duly
paid or has made provisions for the payment of, all material Federal, state
and local taxes which have been incurred by or are due or claimed to be due
from WEST ESSEX by any taxing authority or pursuant to any written tax
sharing agreement on or prior to the date hereof other than taxes or other
charges which (i) are not delinquent, (ii) are being contested in good faith,
or (iii) have not yet been fully determined. Except as set forth in WEST
ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 3.06, as of the date of this Agreement, there is no
audit examination, deficiency assessment, tax investigation or refund
litigation with respect to any taxes of WEST ESSEX, and no claim has been
made by any authority in a jurisdiction where WEST ESSEX does not file tax
returns that WEST ESSEX is subject to taxation in that jurisdiction. Except
as set forth in WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 3.06, WEST ESSEX has not
executed an extension or waiver of any statute of limitations on the
assessment or collection of any material tax due that is currently in effect.
WEST ESSEX has withheld and paid all taxes required to have been withheld and
paid in connection with amounts paid or owing to any employee, independent
contractor, creditor or stockholder, and WEST ESSEX has timely complied with
all applicable information reporting requirements under Part III, Subchapter
A of Chapter 61 of the IRC and similar applicable state and local information
reporting requirements.   SECTION 3.07. NO MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT.   WEST
ESSEX has not suffered any Material Adverse Effect since December
31, 2001.     16   21     SECTION 3.08. CONTRACTS.   (a) Except
as set forth in WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 3.08(a), WEST ESSEX is not a
party to or subject to: (i) any employment, consulting, change in control or
severance contract or material arrangement with any past or present officer,
director or employee of WEST ESSEX except for "at will" arrangements; (ii)
any plan, material arrangement or contract providing for bonuses,
pensions, options, deferred compensation, retirement payments, profit sharing
or similar material arrangements for or with any past or present officers,
directors or employees of WEST ESSEX; (iii) any collective bargaining
agreement with any labor union relating to employees of WEST ESSEX; (iv) any
agreement which by its terms limits the payment of dividends by WEST ESSEX
Bank or WEST ESSEX Bancorp; (v) any instrument evidencing or related to
material indebtedness for borrowed money whether directly or indirectly, by
way of purchase money obligation, conditional sale, lease purchase, guaranty
or otherwise, in respect of which WEST ESSEX is an obligor to any person,
which instrument evidences or relates to indebtedness other than deposits,
repurchase agreements, bankers\' acceptances, advances from the FHLB of New
York, and "treasury tax and loan" accounts established in the ordinary course
of business and transactions in "Federal funds" or which contains financial
covenants or other restrictions (other than those relating to the payment of
principal and interest when due) which would be applicable on or after the
Closing Date to Kearny; or (vi) any contract (other than this Agreement)
limiting the freedom, in any material respect, of WEST ESSEX to engage in any
type of banking or bank-related business in which WEST ESSEX is permitted to
engage under applicable law as of the date of this Agreement.   (b) True
and correct copies of agreements, plans, contracts, arrangements and
instruments referred to in Section 3.08(a), have been made available
to Kearny on or before the date hereof, are listed in and attached to WEST
ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 3.08(a) and are in full force and effect on the
date hereof, and WEST ESSEX (nor, to the knowledge of WEST ESSEX, any other
party to any such contract, plan, arrangement or instrument) has not
materially breached any provision of, or is in default in any respect under
any term of, any such contract, plan, arrangement or instrument. Except as
set forth in the WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 3.08(b), no party to any
material contract, plan, arrangement or instrument will have the right to
terminate any or all of the provisions of any such contract, plan,
arrangement or instrument as a result of the execution of, and the
transactions contemplated by, this Agreement. Except as set forth in WEST
ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 3.08(b), none of the employees (including officers)
of WEST ESSEX possesses the right to terminate his/her employment and receive
or be paid (or cause WEST ESSEX to accrue on his/her behalf) benefits solely
as a result of the execution of this Agreement or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated thereby. Except as set forth in WEST ESSEX
Disclosure Schedule 3.08(b), no plan, contract, employment agreement, change
in control agreement, termination agreement, or similar agreement
or arrangement to which WEST ESSEX is a party or under which WEST ESSEX may
be liable contains provisions which permit any employee or independent
contractor to terminate it without cause and continue to accrue future
benefits thereunder. Except as set forth in WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule
3.08(b), no such agreement, plan, contract, or arrangement: (x) provides for
acceleration in the vesting of benefits or payments due thereunder upon the
occurrence of a change in ownership or control of WEST ESSEX or upon the
occurrence of a subsequent event; or (y) requires WEST ESSEX to provide a
benefit in the form of WEST ESSEX Bancorp Common Stock or determined by
reference to the value of WEST ESSEX Bancorp Common Stock, except as
disclosed in WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 3.08(b). Except as disclosed in
WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 3.08(b), no such agreement, plan or
arrangement with respect to officers or directors of WEST ESSEX or to any of
their respective employees,   17   22    provides for benefits which
may cause an "excess parachute payment" or the disallowance of a Federal
income tax deduction under IRC Sections 280G and 162(m).   SECTION 3.09.
OWNERSHIP OF PROPERTY; INSURANCE COVERAGE.   (a) Except as disclosed in WEST
ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 3.09, WEST ESSEX has good and, as to real property,
marketable title to all material assets and properties owned by WEST ESSEX in
the conduct of its business, whether such assets and properties are real or
personal, tangible or intangible, including assets and property reflected in
the balance sheets contained in the WEST ESSEX Regulatory Reports and in the
WEST ESSEX Bancorp Financials or acquired subsequent thereto (except to the
extent that such assets and properties have been disposed of in the ordinary
course of business, since the date of such balance sheets), subject to no
material encumbrances, liens, mortgages, security interests or pledges,
except (i) those items which secure liabilities for public or statutory
obligations or any discount with, borrowing from or other obligations to the
FHLB of New York, inter-bank credit facilities, or any transaction by WEST
ESSEX acting in a fiduciary capacity, and (ii) statutory liens for amounts
not yet delinquent or which are being contested in good faith. WEST ESSEX, as
lessee, has the right under valid and subsisting leases of real and personal
properties used by WEST ESSEX in the conduct of its businesses to occupy or
use all such properties as presently occupied and used by each of them.
Except as disclosed in WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 3.09, such
existing leases and commitments to lease constitute operating leases for both
tax and financial accounting purposes and the lease expense and minimum
rental commitments with respect to such leases and lease commitments are as
disclosed in the notes to the WEST ESSEX Bancorp Financials.   (b) With
respect to all material agreements pursuant to which WEST ESSEX has purchased
securities subject to an agreement to resell, if any, WEST ESSEX has a lien
or security interest (which to WEST ESSEX\'s knowledge is a valid, perfected
first lien) in the securities or other collateral securing the repurchase
agreement, and the value of such collateral equals or exceeds the amount of
the debt secured thereby.   (c) WEST ESSEX currently maintains insurance
considered by WEST ESSEX to be reasonable for its operations, in accordance
with good business practice. WEST ESSEX has not received notice from any
insurance carrier that (i) such insurance will be canceled or that coverage
thereunder will be reduced or eliminated, or (ii) premium costs with respect
to such policies of insurance will be substantially increased. There are
presently no material claims pending under such policies of insurance and no
notices have been given by WEST ESSEX under such policies. All such insurance
is valid and enforceable and in full force and effect, and within the last
three years, and WEST ESSEX has received each type of insurance coverage for
which it has applied and during such periods has not been denied
indemnification for any material claims submitted under any of its insurance
policies. WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 3.09 identifies all policies of
insurance maintained by WEST ESSEX.   SECTION 3.10. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.  
Except as disclosed in WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 3.10, WEST ESSEX is not
a party to any, and there are no pending or, to the best of WEST
ESSEX\'s knowledge, threatened legal,   18   23    administrative,
arbitration or other proceedings, actions or governmental investigations of
any nature (i) against WEST ESSEX, (ii) to which WEST ESSEX\'s assets are or
may be subject, (iii) challenging the validity or propriety of any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or (iv) which could adversely
affect the ability of WEST ESSEX to perform under this Agreement, except for
any proceedings, claims, actions, investigations or inquiries referred to in
clauses (i) or (ii) which, if adversely determined, individually or in the
aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
on WEST ESSEX.   SECTION 3.11. COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAW.   (a) WEST
ESSEX holds all licenses, franchises, permits and authorizations necessary
for the lawful conduct of its businesses under, and has complied in all
material respects with, applicable laws, statutes, orders, rules
or regulations of any Federal, state or local governmental authority relating
to it, other than where such failure to hold or such noncompliance will
neither result in a limitation in any material respect on the conduct of its
business nor otherwise have a Material Adverse Effect on WEST ESSEX. WEST
ESSEX, directly or indirectly, owns, or is licensed or otherwise possesses
legally enforceable rights to use, all patents, trademarks, trade names,
service marks, copyrights and any applications therefor, technology, know-how
and tangible or intangible proprietary information or material that are
material to the business of WEST ESSEX.   (b) Except as disclosed in WEST
ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 3.11(b), WEST ESSEX has not received any
notification or communication from any Regulatory Authority (i) asserting
that WEST ESSEX is not in material compliance with any of the statutes,
regulations or ordinances which such Regulatory Authority enforces; (ii)
threatening to revoke any license, franchise, permit or governmental
authorization which is material to WEST ESSEX; (iii) requiring or threatening
to require WEST ESSEX, or indicating that WEST ESSEX may be required, to
enter into a cease and desist order, agreement or memorandum of understanding
or any other agreement with any Federal or state governmental agency or
authority which is charged with the supervision or regulation of banks or
engages in the insurance of bank deposits restricting or limiting,
or purporting to restrict or limit, in any material respect the operations of
WEST ESSEX, including without limitation any restriction on the payment of
dividends; or (iv) directing, restricting or limiting, or purporting to
direct, restrict or limit, in any material manner the operations of WEST
ESSEX, including without limitation any restriction on the payment of
dividends (any such notice, communication, memorandum, agreement or order
described in this sentence is hereinafter referred to as a "Regulatory
Agreement"). WEST ESSEX has not consented to or entered into any currently
effective Regulatory Agreement, except as set forth in WEST ESSEX Disclosure
Schedule 3.11(b). The most recent regulatory rating given to WEST ESSEX Bank
as to compliance with the Community Reinvestment Act ("CRA") is satisfactory
or better. WEST ESSEX Bank is not in the process of a regulatory review of
CRA compliance and is aware of no intent by Regulatory Authorities to issue
WEST ESSEX a non-satisfactory CRA rating.   19   24     SECTION 3.12.
ERISA AND CERTAIN BENEFIT PLANS.   (a) EMPLOYEE PLANS. (i) WEST ESSEX
Disclosure Schedule 3.12(a)(i) contains a true and complete list of all
"employee benefit plans," as defined in section 3(3) of ERISA, currently
effective or terminated, written or oral, (A)that are maintained or
contributed to by WEST ESSEX, have been maintained or contributed to by WEST
ESSEX in the last (6) six years, or with respect to which WEST ESSEX has or
may have any liability, and (B) in which employees, former employees,
or directors of WEST ESSEX (or their family members or dependents)
participate, or under which they have a right to benefits. WEST ESSEX
Disclosure Schedule 3.12(a)(i) further identifies as such any Employee Plan
that is or was (A) a "Defined Benefit Plan" (as defined in section 414(j) of
the Code), (B) intended to meet the requirements of section 401(a) or 403(a)
of the Code (a "Qualified Plan"), (C) a "Multi-employer Plan" (as defined in
section 3(37) of ERISA) and/or (D) subject to Title IV of ERISA (a "Title IV
Plan"). For purposes of this section, the term WEST ESSEX shall include any
person that, together with WEST ESSEX, would be treated as a single employer
under section 414 of the Code or section 4001 of ERISA.   (ii) WEST ESSEX
Disclosure Schedule 3.12(a)(ii) contains a true and complete list of all
other deferred-compensation, profit-sharing, bonus, incentive, savings, stock
bonus, stock purchase, employee stock ownership, stock option, phantom stock,
stock appreciation, severance, separation, termination, employment, change-
in-control, supplemental unemployment, fringe benefit, collective purchase,
voluntary employees\' beneficiary association (as defined in section
501(c)(9) of the Code), insurance, split-dollar, vacation, holiday, sick-
leave, or other plans, agreements, contracts, policies, practices, programs,
commitments, understandings, and arrangements, other than those subject to
ERISA which are identified on WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 3.12(a)(i),
whether formal or informal, currently effective or terminated, written or
oral, (A) that are maintained or contributed to by WEST ESSEX, have been
maintained or contributed to by WEST ESSEX in the last (3) three years,
or with respect to which WEST ESSEX has or may have any liability, and (B) in
which employees, former employees, or directors of WEST ESSEX (or their
family members or dependents) participate, or under which they have a right
to benefits. All such plans, agreements, contracts, policies, programs,
commitments, undertakings, and arrangements set forth on WEST ESSEX
Disclosure Schedule 3.12(a)(i) or 3.12(a)(ii) shall be collectively referred
to as "Employee Plans."   (b) DOCUMENTATION. Except as disclosed in WEST
ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 3.12(b), with respect to each Employee Plan, to the
extent applicable, WEST ESSEX has provided to Kearny current, accurate, and
complete copies of: (i) the documents comprising such Plan (or, to the extent
no such copy exists, a complete and accurate description thereof), (ii) any
related trust agreement, insurance contract, or other funding instrument,
(iii) the most recent IRS determination letter, as well as any other ruling,
no-action letter, or advisory opinion that pertains to such Plan from the
IRS, Department of Labor, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, or any other
governmental agency, (iv) the summary plan description, as well as any other
summary, description, or handbook of plan benefits that is provided by WEST
ESSEX to its employees concerning the extent of benefits under the Plan, (v)
all securities registration statements filed with respect to such Employee
Plan, (vi) all collective bargaining agreements pursuant to which
contributions to such Plan(s) have been or are being made, or obligations
have been or are being incurred, by WEST ESSEX, (vii) any current or prior
written communications relating to any promise or guarantee of retiree health
or death benefits,   20   25    (viii) the contract(s) with any third-
party administrator, provider, or insurer, (ix) any documents relating to the
correction (including self-correction) of any operational or formal failure
under the IRS employee plans compliance resolution system; and (x) for the
three most recent years (or since the date of the Plan\'s inception): (A) the
Form 5500 and attached schedules, (B) audited financial statements, (C)
actuarial valuation reports, and (D) attorney\'s response to an auditor\'s
request for information.   (c) COMPLIANCE WITH LAW. Each Employee Plan has
been established and administered in accordance with its terms and in
material compliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code, and
other applicable laws, rules, and regulations. Furthermore, no condition
exists or event has occurred with respect to any Employee Plan that would
subject WEST ESSEX to any tax, fine, lien, penalty, or other liability
imposed by ERISA, the Code, or other applicable laws, rules, and regulations.
All reports, returns, and similar documents required to be filed with any
governmental agency, or to be distributed to any plan participants, have been
duly and timely filed or distributed. For each Employee Plan with respect to
which a Form 5500 has been filed, no material change has occurred with
respect to the matters covered by the most recent Form since the date
thereof.   (d) QUALIFIED PLANS. Each Qualified Plan is so qualified and has
received a favorable determination letter as to its qualification, and
nothing has occurred, whether by action or failure to act, that would
adversely affect its qualification or increase its costs. No "reportable
event" (as defined in section 4043 of ERISA), "prohibited transaction" (as
defined in section 406 of ERISA or section 4975 of the Code), or "accumulated
funding deficiency" (as defined in section 302 of ERISA and section 412 of
the Code, whether or not waived) has occurred, and no Employee Plan has been
amended in a fashion that would require security to be provided in accordance
with section 401(a)(29) of the Code. Except as set forth in WEST ESSEX
Disclosure Schedule 3.12(d), WEST ESSEX does not now and has not ever
maintained a Defined Benefit Plan or Title IV Plan or participated in a
Multiemployer Plan, and WEST ESSEX has not ever incurred any liability under
Title IV of ERISA. Any shares of WEST ESSEX purchased by an Employee Plan
were purchased for no more than adequate consideration as defined in the
Code, ERISA, and Department of Treasury and Department of Labor
regulations.   (e) WELFARE BENEFITS. Expect as provided in WEST ESSEX
Disclosure Schedule 3.12(e), WEST ESSEX does not provide, and is not now and
has not ever been obligated to provide, medical or death benefits with
respect to any employees, directors or former employees or former directors
(or their family members) after termination of employment, except as
specifically required under section 4980B of the Code. WEST ESSEX has fully
complied with the notice and continuation coverage requirements of section
4980B of the Code and the regulations thereunder with respect to each
"welfare plan" (as defined in section 3(1) of ERISA) that is or was, during
any taxable year for which the statute of limitations on the assessment of
federal income taxes remains open (by consent or otherwise), a group health
plan within the meaning of section 5000(b)(1) of the Code.   (f)
LITIGATION. With respect to any Employee Plan, (i) no actions, suits, or
claims (other than routine claims for benefits in the ordinary course)
are pending or, to the knowledge of WEST ESSEX, threatened, (ii) no facts
or circumstances exist that could give rise to any such actions, and (iii)
no administrative investigation, audit, or other administrative proceeding by
the IRS, Department of Labor, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, or
other governmental agencies are   21   26    pending, in progress,
or, to the knowledge of WEST ESSEX, threatened, except, in each case, for
proceedings, actions or governmental investigations that could not reasonably
be foreseen to have a Material Adverse Effect on WEST ESSEX.   (g) SEVERANCE
PAY. Except as provided in WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedules 3.12(g) or (e), no
Employee Plan exists that is in the nature of a severance, separation,
termination, or change- in-control agreement, contract, plan, policy,
program, commitment, understanding, or arrangement, or that would result in
the payment of any money or property, or accelerate the time of payment
or vesting, or provide any other rights, to any present employees,
former employees, or directors of WEST ESSEX (or their family members) as a
result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (h) GOLDEN
PARACHUTE PAYMENTS AND EXCESSIVE REMUNERATION. Except as provided in WEST
ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 3.12(h), there is no agreement, contract, plan,
policy, program, commitment, understanding, or arrangement, written or
otherwise, covering any employees, former employees, or directors of WEST
ESSEX (or their family members) that, individually or collectively, provides
for benefits which may cause an "excess parachute payment" or could give rise
to the payment of any amount that would not be deductible pursuant to the
terms of section 280G or section 162(m) of the Code.   (i) OPTIONS. WEST
ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 3.12(i) sets forth a true and complete list of each
current or former employee, officer, director, former director of WEST ESSEX
or other person or entity who holds, as of the date hereof, any option,
warrant, or other right ("Option") to purchase WEST ESSEX stock, preferred
stock, or restricted stock, together with the number of shares and class of
WEST ESSEX stock subject to such Option, the date of grant or issuance, the
extent to which such Option is vested and/or exercisable, the exercise price,
whether such Option is intended to qualify as an incentive stock option with
the meaning of section 422(b) of the Code, and the expiration date. True and
complete copies of each agreement (including amendments and modifications
thereto) between WEST ESSEX and each Option holder shall be furnished
promptly to Kearny.   (j) ACCOUNTING TREATMENT. All required, customary, or
usual payments, premiums, contributions, reimbursements, or accruals with
respect to Employee Plans have been made or properly accrued on the WEST
ESSEX Financials. None of the Employee Plans has any unfunded liabilities
which are not reflected on the books and records of WEST ESSEX. If such plan,
contract, agreement or arrangement is funded through a trust or third party
funding vehicle, such as an insurance contract, the WEST ESSEX Disclosure
Schedule 3.12 (a) includes such trust or other funding arrangement.   (k)
WEST ESSEX does not have any liability to any person for any post-retirement
health, medical or similar benefit of any kind whatsoever, except as required
by statute or regulation.    SECTION 3.13. BROKERS, FINDERS AND FINANCIAL
ADVISORS.   Except the engagement of Finpro, Inc. in connection with
transactions contemplated by this   22   27    Agreement, neither
WEST ESSEX, nor any of its officers, directors, employees or agents, has
engaged or retained any broker, finder or financial advisor in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or, except for the
commitments disclosed in WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 3.13, incurred
any liability or commitment for any fees or commissions to any such person
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, which has
not been reflected in the WEST ESSEX Bancorp Financials.   SECTION 3.14.
ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS.   (i) To their knowledge, the Participation
Facilities, the WEST ESSEX Properties and all operations conducted on the
WEST ESSEX Properties and the Participation Facilities are, and at all times
have been, in compliance with applicable Environmental Laws;   (ii) There
are no suits, claims, actions, notices, demands, executive or administrative
orders, directives, investigations, proceedings or requests or demands for
information ("Environmental Proceedings") of any kind pending or, to the
knowledge of WEST ESSEX, threatened against WEST ESSEX or any of the
WEST ESSEX Properties or the Participation Facilities or any tenants or
subtenants at the any of the WEST ESSEX Properties or Participation
Facilities, under Environmental Laws in any court or before any governmental
agency or board or other forum, including, without limitation, Environmental
Proceedings alleging, asserting or relating to (y) noncompliance (including
by a predecessor) with, or liability under, any Environmental Law, or (z) the
presence or Release of Hazardous Materials into the Environment, whether or
not occurring at, on, under or from any WEST ESSEX Property or Participation
Facility;   (iii) There are no Environmental Proceedings of any kind pending
or, to the knowledge of WEST ESSEX, threatened against any of the Loan
Properties (or WEST ESSEX in respect of any such Loan Properties) under
Environmental Laws in any court or before any governmental agency or board or
other forum, including, without limitation, Environmental Proceedings
alleging, asserting or relating to (y) noncompliance (including by a
predecessor) with, or liability under, any Environmental Law, or (z) the
presence or Release of Hazardous Materials into the Environment;   (iv) To
their knowledge, there are no Environmental Conditions on, at, under or
emanating from any of the WEST ESSEX Properties or Participation Facilities.
No Hazardous Materials are being or, to their knowledge, have been stored,
used, treated or disposed of at or from any of the WEST ESSEX Properties or
the Participation Facilities other than in compliance with
Environmental Laws;   (v) WEST ESSEX has not received any notice, demand,
letter, executive or administrative order, directive or request for
information from any federal, state, local or foreign governmental entity or
any third party indicating that WEST ESSEX or any of the WEST ESSEX
Properties or Participation Facilities is or may be in violation of, or has
liability under, any Environmental Law;   (vi) There are no above or below
ground tanks or reservoirs used or installed for the purpose of storage or
containment of Hazardous Materials ("Tanks") at, on or under any of the WEST
ESSEX Properties or Participation Facilities, and no such Tanks have been
abandoned on, or closed or removed from, any of the WEST ESSEX Properties or
Participation Facilities.   23   28     (vii) There are no Hazardous
Materials within any structure, equipment or building on any of the WEST
ESSEX Properties or the Participation Facilities requiring remediation,
decommissioning, decontamination, abatement or removal pursuant to
Environmental Laws;   (viii) None of the WEST ESSEX Properties or the
Participation Facilities, or any of the business operations that are now and
have been conducted at the WEST ESSEX Properties or the Participation
Facilities, is an "industrial establishment" as such term is defined under
ISRA; and   (ix) WEST ESSEX has delivered to Kearny copies of all reports
and audits, summaries, proposals, recommendations, work plans, field and
laboratory data in WEST ESSEX\'s possession, custody or control relating or
referring to Environmental Conditions on, at, under or emanating from any of
the WEST ESSEX Properties or the Participation Facilities.   (x) No
federal, state, regional or local governmental authority or other third party
has filed, obtained or asserted an encumbrance or lien upon any of the WEST
ESSEX Properties, the Participation Facilities or, to the knowledge of WEST
ESSEX, the Loan Properties as a result of any Environmental Conditions
on, at, under or emanating from such properties.   SECTION 3.15. LOAN
PORTFOLIO.   (a) With respect to each loan owned by WEST ESSEX in whole or
in part (each, a "Loan"):   (i) the note and the related security documents
are each legal, valid and binding obligations of the maker or obligor
thereof, enforceable against such maker or obligor in accordance with their
terms;   (ii) neither WEST ESSEX nor any prior holder of a Loan, has
modified the note or any of the related security documents in any material
respect or satisfied, canceled or subordinated the note or any of the related
security documents except as otherwise disclosed by documents in the
applicable Loan file;   (iii) WEST ESSEX is the sole holder of legal and
beneficial title to each Loan (or any applicable participation interest, as
appropriate), except as otherwise referenced on the books and records of WEST
ESSEX;   (iv) the note and the related security documents, copies of
which are included in the Loan files, are true and correct copies of the
documents they purport to be and have not been suspended, amended, modified,
canceled or otherwise changed except as otherwise disclosed by documents in
the applicable Loan file;   (v) there is no pending or threatened
condemnation proceeding or similar proceeding affecting the property that
serves as security for a Loan, except as otherwise referenced on the books
and records of WEST ESSEX;    24   29     (vi) there is no litigation
or proceeding pending or threatened relating to the property that serves as
security for a Loan that would have a Material Adverse Effect upon the
related Loan, except as otherwise disclosed by documents in the applicable
Loan file;   (vii) with respect to a Loan held in the form of a
participation, the participation documentation is legal, valid, binding and
enforceable, except as otherwise disclosed by documents in the applicable
Loan file; and   (viii)no representation or warranty set forth in this
Section 3.15 shall be deemed to be breached unless such breach, individually
or in the aggregate, has had or is reasonably likely to have a Material
Adverse Effect on WEST ESSEX.   (b) The allowance for possible losses
reflected in WEST ESSEX Bancorp\'s audited statement of condition at December
31, 2001 was, and the allowance for possible losses shown on the balance
sheets in WEST ESSEX Bancorp\'s Securities Documents for periods ending after
December 31, 2001 have been and will be, adequate, as of the dates thereof,
under GAAP.   (c) WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 3.15 sets forth by category
all loans, leases, advances, credit enhancements, other extensions of credit,
commitments and interest-bearing assets of WEST ESSEX, including the amounts
thereof and the name of the obligor, that have been classified (whether
regulatory or internal) as "Special Mention," "Substandard," "Doubtful,"
"Loss" or words of similar import as of June 30, 2002. The other real estate
owned ("OREO") included in any non-performing assets of WEST ESSEX is carried
net of reserves at the lower of cost or fair value, less estimated selling
costs, based on current independent appraisals or evaluations or current
management appraisals or evaluations; provided, however, that "current" shall
mean within the past 12 months.   SECTION 3.16. INFORMATION TO BE
SUPPLIED.   Except for any information provided by Kearny concerning Kearny
for inclusion therein, the Proxy Statement mailed to WEST ESSEX
Bancorp\'s stockholders and, if necessary, the members of WEST ESSEX MHC will
not, at the time it or they are mailed, contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make
the statements therein not misleading. The information supplied, or to be
supplied, by WEST ESSEX for inclusion in the Applications will, at the time
such documents are filed with any Regulatory Authority, be accurate in all
material aspects.   SECTION 3.17. FIDUCIARY ACCOUNTS.   WEST ESSEX Bank
has properly administered in all material respects all accounts for which it
acts as a fiduciary, including but not limited to accounts for which it
serves as a trustee, agent, custodian, personal representative, guardian,
conservator or investment advisor, in accordance with the terms of
the governing documents and applicable state and federal law and regulation
and common law. Neither WEST ESSEX nor any of its directors, officers or
employees has committed any breach of trust with respect to any such
fiduciary account, and the accountings for each such fiduciary account are
true and correct and accurately reflect the assets of such fiduciary
account.   25   30     SECTION 3.18. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS.  
Except as disclosed in WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 3.18, or as described
in WEST ESSEX Bancorp\'s proxy statement distributed in connection with the
2002 annual meeting of stockholders (which has been provided to Kearny), WEST
ESSEX is not a party to any transaction (including any loan or other
credit accommodation) with an Affiliate. Except as disclosed in WEST ESSEX
Disclosure Schedule 3.18, all such transactions (a) were made in the ordinary
course of business, (b) were made on substantially the same terms, including
interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for
comparable transactions with other Persons, and (c) did not involve more than
the normal risk of collectability or present other unfavorable features.
Except as set forth in WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 3.18, no loan or credit
accommodation to an Affiliate is presently in default or, during the three-
year period prior to the date of this Agreement, has been in default or has
been restructured, modified or extended. WEST ESSEX has not been notified
that principal and interest with respect to any such loan or other credit
accommodation will not be paid when due or that the loan grade classification
accorded such loan or credit accommodation is inappropriate.   SECTION
3.19. SCHEDULE OF TERMINATION BENEFITS.   WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule
3.19 includes a schedule of all termination benefits and related payments
that would be payable to the individuals identified thereon, under any and
all employment agreements, special termination agreements, supplemental
executive retirement plans, deferred bonus plans, deferred compensation
plans, salary continuation plans, or any compensation arrangement, or other
pension benefit or welfare benefit plan maintained by WEST ESSEX for the
benefit of officers or directors of WEST ESSEX (the "Benefits Schedule"),
assuming their employment or service is terminated as of April 1, 2003 and
the Closing Date occurs on or prior to such termination. No other individuals
are entitled to benefits under any such plans.   SECTION 3.20. DEPOSITS.  
Except as set forth in WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 3.20, none of
the deposits of WEST ESSEX is a "brokered" deposit as defined in 12 U.S.C.
Section 1831f(g).   SECTION 3.21. FAIRNESS OPINION.   WEST ESSEX Bancorp
has received an opinion from Finpro, Inc. to the effect that, subject to the
terms, conditions and qualifications set forth therein, as of the date
thereof, the Merger Consideration to be received by the stockholders of WEST
ESSEX Bancorp pursuant to this Agreement is fair to such stockholders from a
financial point of view and the Member Conversion is equitable to the members
of WEST ESSEX MHC (the "Fairness Opinion").   SECTION 3.22 ANTITAKEOVER
PROVISIONS INAPPLICABLE; REQUIRED VOTE OF STOCKHOLDERS.   Except as set
forth on WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 3.22, and except for approvals
required under the Federal and state banking laws, the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement are not subject to any applicable
state takeover law. The affirmative vote of a majority   26  
31    of the votes eligible to be cast by stockholders of WEST ESSEX
Bancorp Common Stock is necessary to approve this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby.   SECTION 3.23 DERIVATIVE
TRANSACTIONS.   Except as set forth in WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 3.23,
WEST ESSEX has not entered into any futures contract, option contract,
interest rate caps, interest rate floors, interest rate exchange agreement or
other derivative instruments.   SECTION 3.24 LABOR.   No work stoppage
involving WEST ESSEX is pending or, to the best knowledge of WEST ESSEX,
threatened. WEST ESSEX is not involved in or, to the best knowledge of WEST
ESSEX, threatened with or affected by, any labor dispute, arbitration,
lawsuit or administrative proceeding involving the employees of WEST ESSEX.
Employees of WEST ESSEX are not represented by any labor union nor are any
collective bargaining agreements otherwise in effect with respect to such
employees, and to the best of WEST ESSEX\'s knowledge, there have been
no efforts to unionize or organize any employees of WEST ESSEX during the
past five years.   SECTION 3.25 MATERIAL INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS.  
(a) No officer or director of WEST ESSEX or any "associate" (as such term is
defined in Rule 14a-1 under the Exchange Act) or related interest of any
such person has any material interest in any material contract or property
(real or personal, tangible or intangible), used in, or pertaining to, the
business of WEST ESSEX.   (b) Except as set forth on WEST ESSEX Disclosure
Schedule 3.18, or as disclosed in WEST ESSEX Bancorp\'s proxy statement
distributed in connection with the 2002 annual meeting of stockholders, there
are no insider loans as of the date hereof.   ARTICLE IV  REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF KEARNY   Kearny represents and warrants to WEST ESSEX that
the statements contained in this Article IV are correct and complete as of
the date of this Agreement and will be correct and complete as of the Closing
Date (as though made then and as though the Closing Date were substituted for
the date of this Agreement throughout this Article IV), except as set forth
in the Kearny Disclosure Schedules delivered by Kearny on the date hereof.
Kearny has made a good faith effort to ensure that the disclosure on each
schedule of the Kearny Disclosure Schedules corresponds to the section
referenced herein. However, for purposes of the Kearny Disclosure Schedules,
any item disclosed on any schedule therein is deemed to be fully disclosed
with respect to all schedules under which such item may be relevant.   
27   32    SECTION 4.01. ORGANIZATION.   (a) Bank is a stock savings
bank duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
the United States. The deposits of Bank are insured by the FDIC to the
fullest extent permitted by law, and all premiums and assessments required to
be paid in connection therewith have been paid when due by Bank. Each Bank
Subsidiary is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization.
Corporation is a Federal MHC subsidiary holding company duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the United States.
MHC is a Federal mutual holding company of the Bank duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the United States.   (b)
Bank is a member in good standing of the FHLB of New York and owns
the requisite amount of stock therein.   (c) Prior to the date of this
Agreement, Kearny made available to WEST ESSEX Bancorp true and correct
copies of the charter and bylaws of Bank, Corporation and MHC.   (d) As of
the Closing Date, Corporation Merger Sub will have been duly organized and
will be validly existing as a federally-chartered corporation and a wholly-
owned subsidiary of the Corporation.   SECTION 4.02. AUTHORITY; NO
VIOLATION.   (a) Kearny has full power and authority to execute and deliver
this Agreement and Corporation and MHC will have full power and authority
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and
delivery of this Agreement by Kearny and the completion by Kearny of the
transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly approved by the
Board of Directors of Kearny, and no other corporate proceedings on the part
of Kearny are necessary to complete the transactions contemplated hereby.
This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Kearny
and, subject to receipt of the required approvals of Regulatory Authorities
described in Section 4.03 hereof, constitutes the valid and binding
obligation of Kearny, enforceable against Kearny in accordance with its
terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws
affecting creditors\' rights generally.   (b) Subject to the receipt of
approvals from the Regulatory Authorities referred to in Section 5.03 hereof
and the compliance by WEST ESSEX and Kearny with any conditions contained
therein,   (A) the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Kearny,  
(B) the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, and   (C)
compliance by Kearny with any of the terms or provisions  hereof,  will not
(i) conflict with or result in a breach of any provision of the charter or
bylaws of Kearny or any of its subsidiaries ("Kearny Subsidiary");
(ii) violate any statute, code, ordinance, rule, regulation, judgment, order,
writ, decree or injunction applicable to Kearny or any Kearny Subsidiary  
28   33    or any of their respective properties or assets; or (iii)
violate, conflict with, result in a breach of any provisions of, constitute a
default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would
constitute a default), under, result in the termination of, accelerate the
performance required by, or result in a right of termination or acceleration
or the creation of any lien, security interest, charge or other encumbrance
upon any of the properties or assets of Kearny under any of the terms,
conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of
trust, license, lease, agreement or other investment or obligation to which
Kearny is a party, or by which it or any of its properties or assets may be
bound or affected.   SECTION 4.03. CONSENTS.   Except for consents,
approvals, filings and registrations from or with the OTS, FDIC and SEC, and
compliance with any conditions contained therein, and the approval of this
Agreement by the stockholders of WEST ESSEX Bancorp and, if necessary, the
members of WEST ESSEX MHC, the appropriate filings to be made with the OTS,
and the chartering of any necessary interim savings entities by the OTS, no
consents or approvals of, or filings or registrations with, any public body
or authority are necessary, and no consents or approvals of any third parties
are necessary, or will be, in connection with the execution and delivery of
this Agreement by Kearny, and the completion by Kearny of the transactions
contemplated hereby. Kearny has no reason to believe that (i) any required
consents or approvals will not be received or will be received
with conditions, limitations or restrictions unacceptable to it or which
would adversely impact Kearny\'s ability to complete the transactions
described in this Agreement or that (ii) any public body or authority, the
consent or approval of which is not required or any filing which is not
required, will object to the completion of the transactions described in this
Agreement.   SECTION 4.04. COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAW.   (a) Kearny
and the Kearny Subsidiaries hold all licenses, franchises, permits and
authorizations necessary for the lawful conduct of their businesses under,
and have complied in all material respects with, applicable laws, statutes,
orders, rules or regulations of any Federal, state or local governmental
authority relating to them, other than where such failure to hold or such
noncompliance will neither result in a limitation in any material respect on
the conduct of their businesses nor otherwise have a Material Adverse Effect
on Kearny and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.   (b) Except as set forth
in Kearny Disclosure Schedule 4.04(b), neither Kearny nor any Kearny
Subsidiary has received any notification or communication from any Regulatory
Authority (i) asserting that Kearny or any Kearny Subsidiary is not in
compliance with any of the statutes, regulations or ordinances which such
Regulatory Authority enforces; (ii) threatening to revoke any
license, franchise, permit or governmental authorization which is material to
Kearny or any Kearny Subsidiary; (iii) requiring or threatening to require
Kearny or any Kearny Subsidiary, or indicating that Kearny or any Kearny
Subsidiary may be required, to enter into a cease and desist order, agreement
or memorandum of understanding or any other agreement restricting or
limiting, or purporting to restrict or limit, in any manner the operations of
Kearny or any Kearny Subsidiary; or (iv) directing, restricting or limiting,
or purporting to direct, restrict or limit, in any manner the operations of
Kearny or any Kearny Subsidiary, including without limitation any restriction
on the   29   34    payment of dividends (any such notice,
communication, memorandum, agreement or order described in this sentence is
hereinafter referred to as a "Regulatory Agreement"). Neither Kearny nor any
Kearny Subsidiary is a party to, nor has consented to any Regulatory
Agreement. The most recent regulatory rating given to Bank as to compliance
with the CRA is satisfactory or better.   SECTION 4.05. INFORMATION TO BE
SUPPLIED.   The information to be supplied by Kearny for inclusion in the
Proxy Statement or Proxy Statements will not, at the time the Proxy Statement
or Proxy Statements are mailed to WEST ESSEX Bancorp stockholders or the
members of WEST ESSEX MHC contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein not misleading. The information supplied, or to be supplied, by
Kearny for inclusion in the Applications will, at the time such documents are
filed with any Regulatory Authority, be accurate in all material
respects.   SECTION 4.06. FINANCING.   As of the date hereof, Kearny has,
and at the Merger Effective Date, Corporation will have, funds which are
sufficient and available to meet its obligations under this Agreement and to
consummate in a timely manner the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, and Bank will not fail to meet its capital requirements as a
result thereof.   SECTION 4.07. REGULATORY APPROVALS.   Kearny is not
aware of any reason that it cannot obtain any of the approvals of Regulatory
Authorities necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and Kearny has not received any advice or information from any
regulatory authority indicating that such approvals will be denied or are
doubtful or will be unduly delayed.   SECTION 4.08. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.  
Except as set forth in Kearny Disclosure Schedule 4.08 hereto, Kearny is not
a party to any, and there are no pending or, to the best of
Kearny\'s knowledge, threatened legal, administrative, arbitration or other
proceedings, actions or governmental investigations of any nature (i) against
Kearny, (ii) to which Kearny\'s assets are or may be subject, (iii)
challenging the validity or propriety of any of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, or (iv) which could adversely affect the ability of Kearny
to perform under this Agreement, except for any proceedings, claims, actions,
investigations or inquiries referred to in clauses (i) or (ii) which, if
adversely determined, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Kearny. Kearny has not
consented to or entered into any currently effective Regulatory
Agreement.   Section 4.09. KEARNY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.   Kearny has
delivered to WEST ESSEX copies of the consolidated statements of financial
condition of Kearny as of June 30, for the fiscal years of 2001 and 2000, and
the related consolidated   30   35    statements of operations,
changes in equity and cash flows for the fiscal years 2000 through 2001,
inclusive, in each case accompanied by the audit report of independent public
accountants. The consolidated statements of financial condition of Kearny
referred to herein (including the related notes, where applicable) fairly
present the consolidated financial condition of Kearny as of the respective
dates set forth therein, and the related consolidated statements of
operations, changes in equity and cash flows (including the related
notes, where applicable) fairly present the results of the consolidated
operations, changes in equity and cash flows of Kearny of the respective
periods or as of the respective dates set forth therein, in each case in
conformity with GAAP consistently applied.   SECTION 4.10. KEARNY BENEFIT
PLANS.   (a) Kearny has provided WEST ESSEX with a complete and accurate
list of all pension, retirement, group insurance, and other employee benefit
plan and arrangements, including, but not limited to, "employee benefit
plans," as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA, incentive and welfare policies,
contracts, plans and arrangements with respect to any present employees of
Kearny (hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Kearny Employee Plans"
and individually as a "Kearny Employee Plan"). Each of the Kearny Employee
Plans complies in all material respects with all applicable requirements of
ERISA, the IRC and other applicable laws.   (b) No Kearny Employee Plan
which is subject to Title IV of ERISA (each such plan shall be referred to
herein as a "Kearny Pension Plan") had an "accumulated funding deficiency"
(as defined in Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived, as of the last
day of the end of the most recent plan year ending prior to the date hereof;
the fair market value of the assets of each Kearny Pension Plan exceeds the
present value of the "benefit liabilities" (as defined in Section 4001(a)(16)
of ERISA) under such Kearny Pension Plan as of the end of the most recent
plan year with respect to the respective Kearny Pension Plan ending prior to
the date hereof, calculated on the basis of the actuarial assumptions used in
the most recent actuarial valuation for such Kearny Pension Plan as of the
date hereof; and no notice of a "reportable event" (as defined in Section
4043 of ERISA) for which the 30-day reporting requirement has not been waived
has been required to be filed for any Kearny Pension Plan within the 12-month
period ending on the date hereof.   (c) Each Kearny Employee Plan that is an
"employee pension benefit plan" (as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA) and
which is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the IRC has
received a favorable determination letter from the IRS, and Kearny is not
aware of any circumstances likely to result in revocation of any such
favorable determination letter. There is no pending or, to Kearny\'s
knowledge, threatened litigation, administrative action or proceeding
relating to any Kearny Employee Plan.   SECTION 4.11. ABSENCE OF CERTAIN
CHANGES.   Except as disclosed in Schedule 4.11 or as provided for or
contemplated in this Agreement, Kearny has not suffered any Material Adverse
Effect since June 30, 2002.    31   36    ARTICLE V  COVENANTS OF
THE PARTIES   SECTION 5.01. CONDUCT OF WEST ESSEX\'S BUSINESS.   (a) From
the date of this Agreement to the Closing Date, WEST ESSEX will conduct its
business and engage in transactions, including extensions of credit, only in
the ordinary course and consistent with past practice and policies
in existence on the date hereof, except as otherwise required or contemplated
by this Agreement or with the written consent of Bank. WEST ESSEX will use
its reasonable good faith efforts, to (i) preserve its business
organizations intact, (ii) maintain good relationships with its employees,
(iii) control operating and compensation expenses and expenses incurred in
connection with this Agreement and (iv) preserve the goodwill of its
customers and others with whom business relationships exist. From the date
hereof to the Closing Date, except as otherwise consented to or approved by
Kearny in writing or as contemplated or required by this Agreement, which
consent or approval shall not be unreasonably withheld and in any case such
request by WEST ESSEX for consent or approval by Kearny shall be responded to
within five business days, WEST ESSEX will not:   (i) amend or change any
provision of its charter or bylaws;   (ii) except as set forth in WEST ESSEX
Disclosure Schedule 5.01(a)(ii), change the number of authorized or issued
shares of its capital stock or issue or grant any Right or agreement of any
character relating to its authorized or issued capital stock or any
securities convertible into shares of such stock, or split, combine or
reclassify any shares of capital stock, or declare, set aside or pay any
dividend or other distribution in respect of capital stock or redeem or
otherwise acquire any shares of capital stock, except that WEST ESSEX Bancorp
may continue to pay its regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.14 per share,
with record and payment dates consistent with past practice; Provided
further, that if the Closing Date is more than forty-five (45) after the next
preceding WEST ESSEX Bancorp Common Stock dividend payment date, WEST ESSEX
Bancorp may declare and pay a final cash dividend per share at the quarterly
rate of $.14 per share, with the exact amount per share to be an amount that
is pro rata through the payment date (from the preceding payment date);  
(iii) except as set forth in the WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 5.01(a)(iii),
grant or agree to pay any bonus, severance or termination to, enter into or
amend, or take any action (other than executing this Agreement) that would
trigger obligations under any employment agreement, severance agreement,
supplemental executive agreement, or similar agreement or arrangement with
any of its directors, officers or employees, or increase in any manner
the compensation or fringe benefits of any employee, officer or director,
except for salary increases for non-officer employees in the ordinary course
of business and consistent with past practice or as may be required pursuant
to legally binding commitments existing on the date hereof as set forth in
WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedules 3.08 and 3.12;   (iv) enter into or, except
as may be required by law or by the terms of this Agreement, modify any
pension, retirement, stock option, stock purchase, stock appreciation right,
stock grant, savings, profit sharing, deferred compensation, supplemental
retirement, consulting, bonus, group insurance or other employee benefit,
incentive or welfare contract, plan or arrangement, or any trust agreement
related thereto, in respect of any of its directors, officers or employees;
or make any contributions to any defined contribution or defined benefit plan
not in the ordinary course   32   37    of business consistent with
past practice; or materially amend any WEST ESSEX Employee Plan except to the
extent such modifications or amendments do not result in an increase in
cost;   (v) except as otherwise provided in Section 5.06 of this
Agreement, merge or consolidate WEST ESSEX with any other corporation; sell
or lease all or any substantial portion of the assets or business of WEST
ESSEX; make any acquisition of all or any substantial portion of the business
or assets of any other person, firm, association, corporation or business
organization other than in connection with foreclosures, settlements in lieu
of foreclosure, troubled loan or debt restructuring, or the collection of any
loan or credit arrangement between WEST ESSEX and any other person; enter
into a purchase and assumption transaction with respect to deposits and
liabilities; permit the revocation or surrender by WEST ESSEX of its
certificate of authority to maintain, or file an application for the
relocation of, any existing branch office, or file an application for a
certificate of authority to establish a new branch office;   (vi) sell or
otherwise dispose of the capital stock of WEST ESSEX Bancorp or sell or
otherwise dispose of any asset of WEST ESSEX other than in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice; subject any asset of WEST
ESSEX to any lien, pledge, security interest or other encumbrance (other than
in connection with deposits, repurchase agreements, bankers acceptances, FHLB
of New York advances, "treasury tax and loan" accounts established in
the ordinary course of business and transactions in "Federal funds" and
the satisfaction of legal requirements in the exercise of trust powers) other
than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; incur
any indebtedness for borrowed money (or guarantee any indebtedness for
borrowed money), except in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice;   (vii) take any action which would result in any of
the representations and warranties of WEST ESSEX set forth in Article III of
this Agreement becoming untrue as of any date after the date hereof (except
as to any representation or warranty which specifically relates to an earlier
date) or in any of the conditions set forth in Article VI hereof not being
satisfied, except in each case as may be required by applicable law;  
(viii)change any method, practice or principle of accounting, except as may
be required from time to time by GAAP (without regard to any optional early
adoption date) or any Regulatory Authority responsible for regulating
WEST ESSEX;   (ix) waive, release, grant or transfer any material rights of
value or modify or change in any material respect any existing material
agreement or indebtedness to which WEST ESSEX is a party, other than in the
ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice;   (x) purchase
or sell any security for its investment portfolio, except for purchases of
United States government treasury instruments, US government agency
securities and insured certificates of deposit, and in any event with a
maturity of two years or less, or federal funds;   (xi) make any new loan or
other credit facility commitment (including without limitation, lines of
credit and letters of credit) to any borrower or group of affiliated
borrowers in excess of $250,000 in the aggregate, or increase, compromise,
extend, renew or modify any existing loan or commitment outstanding in excess
of $250,000, except for loans secured by one- to four-    33   
38    family, residential real property in an amount not exceeding
$500,000 (on the basis of and consistent with existing lending policies) and
except for any commitments disclosed on the WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule
5.01(a)(xi).   (xii) except as set forth on the WEST ESSEX Disclosure
Schedule 5.01(a)(xii), enter into, renew, extend or modify any other
transaction with any Affiliate;   (xiii)enter into any futures contract,
option, interest rate caps, interest rate floors, interest rate exchange
agreement or other agreement or, except in the ordinary course of business
and consistent with past practice, take any other action for purposes of
hedging the exposure of its interest-earning assets and interest-bearing
liabilities to changes in market rates of interest;   (xiv) except for the
execution of, and as otherwise provided in, this Agreement, take any action
that would give rise to a right of payment to any individual under any
employment agreement, or take any action that would give rise to a right of
payment to any individual under any WEST ESSEX Employee Plan;   (xv) make
any change in policies with regard to the extension of credit, the
establishment of reserves with respect to the possible loss thereon or the
charge off of losses incurred thereon, investment, asset/liability management
or other material banking policies in any material respect except as may be
required by changes in applicable law or regulations or in GAAP or
by applicable regulatory authorities;   (xvi) except as set forth in WEST
ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 5.01(a)(xvi), make any capital expenditures in
excess of $10,000 individually or $25,000 in the aggregate, other than
pursuant to binding commitments existing on the date hereof and other than
expenditures necessary to maintain existing assets in good repair;   (xvii)
purchase or otherwise acquire, or sell or otherwise dispose of, any assets or
incur any liabilities other than in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practices and policies;   (xviii) incur any non-deposit
liability in excess of $50,000 other than in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice;   (xix) enter into or extend any agreement
for professional services, including legal, accounting and consulting
(provided that such limitation shall not restrict continuation of services
being rendered by existing accountants or legal counsel engaged on matters
associated with the transactions contemplated by the Agreement);   (xx)
incur expenses related to attending any conventions, meetings, outings or
similar events of any regional, state and national trade organizations which
exceeds more than $5,000 in the aggregate, except as set forth at WEST ESSEX
Disclosure Schedule 5.01(xx); or   (xxi) agree to do any of the
foregoing.    34   39     For purposes of this Section 5.01, unless
provided for in a WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule, business plan, budget or
similar document delivered to Kearny prior to the date of this Agreement, it
shall not be considered in the ordinary course of business for WEST ESSEX to
do any of the following: (i) except as set forth in WEST ESSEX Disclosure
Schedule 5.01, make any sale, assignment, transfer, pledge, hypothecation or
other disposition of any assets having a book or market value, whichever is
greater, in the aggregate in excess of $75,000, other than pledges of assets
to secure government deposits, to exercise trust powers, sales of assets
received in satisfaction of debts previously contracted in the normal course
of business, issuance of loans, sales of previously purchased government
guaranteed loans, or transactions in the investment securities portfolio by
WEST ESSEX or repurchase agreements made, in each case, in the ordinary
course of business; or (ii) except as set forth in WEST ESSEX Disclosure
Schedule 5.01, undertake or enter any lease, contract or other commitment for
its account, other than in the normal course of providing credit to customers
as part of its banking business, involving a payment by WEST ESSEX of more
than $25,000 annually, or containing a material financial commitment and
extending beyond 12 months from the date hereof.   SECTION 5.02. ACCESS;
CONFIDENTIALITY.   (a) WEST ESSEX shall permit Kearny and its
representatives reasonable access to its properties and make available to
them all books, papers and records relating to the assets, properties,
operations, obligations and liabilities of WEST ESSEX, including, but not
limited to, all books of account (including the general ledger), tax records,
minute books of meetings of boards of directors (and any committees thereof)
(other than minutes of any confidential discussion of this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby), and stockholders, organizational
documents, bylaws, material contracts and agreements, filings with any
regulatory authority, accountants\' work papers, litigation files, plans
affecting employees, and any other business activities or prospects in which
Kearny may have a reasonable interest (provided that WEST ESSEX shall not be
required to provide access to any information that would violate their
attorney-client privilege or any employee or customer privacy policies, laws
or regulations). WEST ESSEX shall make its respective officers, employees and
agents and authorized representatives (including counsel and independent
public accountants) available to confer with Kearny and its representatives.
WEST ESSEX Bank shall provide in a timely manner to Bank\'s officer in charge
of retail banking copies of current rate sheets for all deposit and loan
products. WEST ESSEX shall provide Kearny with access to documents and
records and access to and a license to enter the WEST ESSEX Properties and
the Participation Facilities to conduct, at Kearny\'s sole expense, an
environmental assessment of the WEST ESSEX Properties and the Participation
Facilities (the "Environmental Assessment"); provided that such Environmental
Assessment is scheduled to be conducted within thirty days of the date of the
Agreement and commenced within forty-five days of the date of the Agreement.
The Environmental Assessment may include, without limitation, inspections of
the WEST ESSEX Properties and the Participation Facilities, invasive soil,
surface water, groundwater and sediment sampling and a review of records
maintained by federal, state, regional, county or local
governmental authorities relating to WEST ESSEX, the WEST ESSEX Properties or
the Participation Facilities. The parties will hold all such information
delivered in confidence to the extent required by, and in accordance with,
the provisions of the confidentiality agreement, dated June 26, 2002, between
WEST ESSEX and Kearny (the "Confidentiality Agreement").    35  
40     (b) Kearny agrees to conduct such investigations and discussions
hereunder in a manner so as not to interfere unreasonably with normal
operations and customer and employee relationships of the other party.  
(c) In addition to the access permitted by subparagraph (a) above, from the
date of this Agreement through the Closing Date, WEST ESSEX shall
permit employees of Bank access to information relating to problem loans,
loan restructurings and loan work-outs of WEST ESSEX Bank.   (d) Without in
any way limiting the generality of this Section 5.02, WEST ESSEX shall
provide to Kearny within 30 days after the last day of each calendar month
between the date hereof and the Closing Date (i) consolidated
financial statements (including a balance sheet and income statement) as of,
and for the period ended, on such last day, in the form in which such
statements are prepared for use by WEST ESSEX\'s management, and (ii) such
other information customarily prepared for use by WEST ESSEX\'s management as
Kearny may request.   SECTION 5.03. REGULATORY MATTERS AND CONSENTS.   (a)
Kearny will, in consultation with WEST ESSEX, prepare all Applications and
make all filings for, and use its best efforts to obtain as promptly
as practicable after the date hereof, all necessary permits, consents,
approvals, waivers and authorizations of all Regulatory Authorities necessary
or advisable to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
Kearny shall file the Applications within forty-five days of the date of this
Agreement, or as soon thereafter as is practicable.   (b) WEST ESSEX will
furnish Kearny with all information concerning WEST ESSEX as may be necessary
or advisable in connection with any Application or filing made by or on
behalf of Kearny to any Regulatory Authority in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (c) Kearny and WEST ESSEX
will promptly furnish the other with copies of all material written
communications to, or received by them from any Regulatory Authority in
respect of the transactions contemplated hereby, except information which is
filed by either party which is designated as confidential.   (d) Kearny will
use its best efforts to obtain all necessary regulatory approvals to
effectuate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and related
exhibits and appendices.   (e) WEST ESSEX will use its best efforts to
obtain all necessary regulatory approvals to effectuate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and related exhibits and appendices.   (f)
The parties hereto agree that they will consult with each other with respect
to the obtaining of all permits, consents, approvals and authorizations of
all third parties and Regulatory Authorities. Kearny will furnish WEST
ESSEX and its counsel with copies of all Applications prior to filing with
any Regulatory Authority and provide WEST ESSEX a reasonable opportunity to
provide changes to such Applications, and copies of all Applications filed by
Kearny .   36   41     (g) WEST ESSEX and Kearny will cooperate with
each other in the foregoing matters and will furnish the responsible party
with all information concerning it and its subsidiaries as may be necessary
or advisable in connection with any Application or filing made by or on
behalf of Kearny or WEST ESSEX to any Regulatory Authority in connection with
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and such information will be
accurate and complete in all material respects. In connection therewith, each
party will provide certificates and other documents reasonably requested by
the other.   SECTION 5.04. TAKING OF NECESSARY ACTION.   (a) Kearny and
WEST ESSEX shall each use its best efforts in good faith to (i) furnish such
information as may be required in connection with the preparation of the
documents referred to in Section 5.03 of this Agreement, and (ii) take or
cause to be taken all action necessary or desirable on its part using its
best efforts so as to permit completion of the Merger and the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including, without limitation, (A) obtaining
the consent or approval of each individual, partnership,
corporation, association or other business or professional entity whose
consent or approval is required for consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby (including assignment of leases without any material
change in terms), provided that WEST ESSEX shall not agree to make any
payments or modifications to agreements in connection therewith without the
prior written consent of Kearny, and (B) requesting the delivery of
appropriate opinions, consents and letters from its counsel and independent
auditors. No party hereto shall take, or cause, or to the best of its ability
permit to be taken, any action that would substantially impair the prospects
of completing the Bank Merger, the Corporate Merger, the MHC Merger and the
Mid-Tier Merger pursuant to this Agreement; provided that nothing herein
contained shall preclude Kearny or WEST ESSEX from exercising its rights
under this Agreement.   (b) WEST ESSEX shall prepare, subject to the review
of Kearny with respect to matters relating to Kearny and the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, the Proxy Statement to be filed by WEST ESSEX
Bancorp with the SEC and to be mailed to the stockholders of WEST ESSEX
Bancorp in connection with the meeting of its stockholders and transactions
contemplated hereby, which Proxy Statement shall conform to all applicable
legal requirements. Should it be required by Regulatory Authorities, WEST
ESSEX MHC and WEST ESSEX Bank shall prepare, subject to the review and
consent of Kearny with respect to matters relating to Kearny and the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Proxy Statement to be filed
by WEST ESSEX MHC with the Regulatory Authorities and to be mailed to members
in connection with a meeting of members and the transactions contemplated
hereby. The parties shall cooperate with each other with respect to the
preparation of any Proxy Statement. WEST ESSEX shall, as promptly as
practicable following the preparation thereof and within forty-five days of
the date of this Agreement, file any Proxy Statement with the
Regulatory Authorities, and WEST ESSEX shall use all reasonable efforts to
have any Proxy Statement mailed to stockholders, and if necessary members, as
promptly as practicable after such filing. WEST ESSEX Bancorp and WEST ESSEX
Bank will promptly advise Kearny of the time when any Proxy Statement has
been filed and mailed, or of any comments from any Regulatory Authority or
any request by any Regulatory Authority for additional information.   
37   42     SECTION 5.05. CERTAIN AGREEMENTS.   (a) Kearny shall
maintain in effect for three years from the Merger Effective Date, if
available, the current directors\' and officers\' liability insurance policy
maintained by WEST ESSEX Bancorp (provided that Kearny may substitute
therefor policies of at least the same coverage containing terms
and conditions which are not materially less favorable) with respect to
matters occurring prior to the Closing Date, provided such insurance coverage
is available at a reasonable premium. In connection with the foregoing, WEST
ESSEX Bancorp agrees to provide such insurer or substitute insurer with
such representations as such insurer may request with respect to the
reporting of any prior claims.   (b) For a period of six years from the
Merger Effective Date, Kearny agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless
each present and former director and officer of WEST ESSEX determined as of
the Closing Date (the "Indemnified Parties") against all losses, claims,
damages, costs, expenses (including reasonable attorneys\' fees and
expenses), liabilities, judgments or amounts paid in settlement (with the
approval of Kearny, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld) or in
connection with any claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation arising
out of matters existing or occurring at or prior to the Merger Effective Date
(a "Claim") in which an Indemnified Party is, or is threatened to be made, a
party or a witness based in whole or in part on, or arising in whole or in
part out of, the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of
WEST ESSEX, regardless of whether such Claim is asserted or claimed prior to,
at or after the Closing Date, to the fullest extent to which directors and
officers of WEST ESSEX are entitled under Federal law, WEST ESSEX Bancorp\'s
charter and bylaws, WEST ESSEX Bank\'s and WEST ESSEX MHC\'s charter and
bylaws, or other applicable law as in effect on the date hereof (and Kearny
shall pay expenses in advance of the final disposition of any such action or
proceeding to each Indemnified Party to the extent permissible to a
Federal corporation or savings bank, or WEST ESSEX Bancorp\'s charter and
bylaws; provided, that the person to whom expenses are advanced provides an
undertaking to repay such expenses if it is ultimately determined that such
person is not entitled to indemnification). All rights to indemnification in
respect of a Claim asserted or made within the period described in the
preceding sentence shall continue until the final disposition of such
Claim.   (c) Any Indemnified Party wishing to claim indemnification under
Section 5.05(b), upon learning of any Claim, shall promptly notify Kearny,
but the failure to so notify shall not relieve Kearny of any liability it may
have to such Indemnified Party except to the extent that such failure
materially prejudices Kearny. In the event of any Claim, (i) Kearny shall
have the right to assume the defense thereof (with counsel reasonably
satisfactory to the Indemnified Party) and shall not be liable to such
Indemnified Parties for any legal expenses of other counsel or any other
expenses subsequently incurred by such Indemnified Parties in connection with
the defense thereof, except that, if Kearny elects not to assume such defense
or counsel for the Indemnified Parties advises that there are issues which
raise conflicts of interest between Kearny and the Indemnified Parties, the
Indemnified Parties may retain counsel satisfactory to them, and Kearny shall
pay all reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel for the Indemnified
Parties promptly as statements therefor are received, provided further that
Kearny shall in all cases be obligated pursuant to this paragraph to pay for
only one firm of counsel for all Indemnified Parties, (ii) the Indemnified
Parties will cooperate in the defense of any such Claim and (iii) Kearny
shall not be liable for any settlement effected without its prior written
consent (which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld).   38  
43     (d) In the event Kearny or any of its successors or assigns
(i) consolidates with or merges into any other Person and shall not continue
or survive such consolidation or merger, or (ii) transfers or conveys all
or substantially all of its properties and assets to any Person, then, and in
each such case, to the extent necessary, proper provision shall be made so
that the successors and assigns of Kearny assume the obligations set forth in
this Section 5.05.   (e) The provisions of this Section are intended to be
for the benefit of, and shall be enforceable by, each Indemnified Party and
his or her heirs and representatives.   SECTION 5.06. NO OTHER BIDS AND
RELATED MATTERS.   From and after the date hereof until the termination of
this Agreement, neither WEST ESSEX nor any of its officers, directors,
employees, representatives, agents or affiliates (including, without
limitation, any investment banker, attorney or accountant retained by WEST
ESSEX), will, directly or indirectly, initiate, solicit or knowingly
encourage (including by way of furnishing non-public information or
assistance), or facilitate knowingly, any inquiries or the making of any
proposal that constitutes, or may reasonably be expected to lead to, any
Acquisition Proposal (as defined below), or enter into or maintain or
continue discussions or negotiate with any person or entity in furtherance of
such inquiries or to obtain an Acquisition Proposal or agree to or endorse
any Acquisition Proposal, or authorize or permit any of its officers,
directors, or employees or any of its subsidiaries or any investment banker,
financial advisor, attorney, accountant or other representative retained by
any of its subsidiaries to take any such action, and WEST ESSEX shall notify
Kearny orally (within one business day) and in writing, within forty-eight
hours, which writing shall be updated as promptly as practicable, of all of
the relevant details relating to all inquiries and proposals which it or any
such officer, director employee, investment banker, financial advisor,
attorney, accountant or other representative may receive relating to any of
such matters, PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that nothing contained in this Section 5.06
shall prohibit the Board of Directors from: (i) furnishing information to, or
entering into discussions or negotiations with any person or entity that
makes an unsolicited written, bona fide proposal, to acquire WEST ESSEX
Bancorp and WEST ESSEX Bank pursuant to a merger, consolidation,
share exchange, business combination, tender or exchange offer or other
similar transaction, if, and only to the extent that, (A) the Board of
Directors of WEST ESSEX Bancorp receives a written opinion from its
independent financial advisor that such proposal may be superior to the
Merger from a financial point of view to WEST ESSEX Bancorp stockholders, (B)
legal counsel advises WEST ESSEX Bancorp that the proposed acquiror may
legally acquire WEST ESSEX Bancorp and WEST ESSEX Bank, (C) the Board of
Directors of WEST ESSEX Bancorp, after consultation with and based upon the
advice of independent legal counsel, determines in good faith that such
action is necessary for the Board of Directors of WEST ESSEX Bancorp to
comply with its fiduciary duties to stockholders under applicable law
(such proposal that satisfies (A) (B) and (C) being referred to herein as a
"Superior Proposal"), (D) prior to furnishing such information to, or
entering into discussions or negotiations with, such person or entity, WEST
ESSEX Bancorp (x) provides reasonable notice to Kearny to the effect that it
is furnishing information to, or entering into discussions or negotiations
with, such person or entity and (y) receives from such person or entity an
executed confidentiality agreement in form and substance identical in all
respects to the Confidentiality Agreement, and (E) the WEST ESSEX Bancorp
special meeting of stockholders convened to approve this Agreement has not
occurred; (ii) complying with Rule 14e-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act
with regard to a tender or exchange offer; or (iii)   39  
44    prior to the WEST ESSEX Bancorp special meeting of stockholders
convened to approve this Agreement, failing to make or withdrawing or
modifying its recommendation to stockholders, and entering into a Superior
Proposal if there exists a Superior Proposal and the Board of Directors of
WEST ESSEX Bancorp, after consultation with and based upon the advice of
independent legal counsel, determined in good faith that such action is
necessary for such Board of Directors to comply with its fiduciary duties to
stockholders under applicable law. For purposes of this Agreement,
"Acquisition Proposal" shall mean any of the following (other than the
transactions contemplated hereunder) involving WEST ESSEX: (i) any merger,
consolidation, share exchange, business combination, or other similar
transaction; (ii) any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or
other disposition of 20% or more of the assets of WEST ESSEX Bancorp or WEST
ESSEX Bank, taken as a whole, in a single transaction or series
of transactions; (iii) any tender offer or exchange offer for 20% or more of
the outstanding shares of capital stock of WEST ESSEX Bancorp or the filing
of a registration statement under the Securities Laws in connection
therewith; or (iv) any public announcement of a proposal, plan or intention
to do any of the foregoing or any agreement to engage in any of the
foregoing.   SECTION 5.07. DUTY TO ADVISE; DUTY TO UPDATE THE WEST ESSEX
DISCLOSURE SCHEDULES.   WEST ESSEX shall promptly advise Kearny of any
change or event having a Material Adverse Effect on WEST ESSEX or which WEST
ESSEX believes would or would be reasonably likely to cause or constitute a
material breach of any of its representations, warranties or covenants set
forth herein. WEST ESSEX shall update the WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedules as
promptly as practicable after the occurrence of an event or fact which, if
such event or fact had occurred prior to the date of this Agreement, would
have been disclosed in the WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedules. The delivery of
such updated WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule shall not relieve WEST ESSEX from
any breach or violation of this Agreement and shall not have any effect for
the purposes of determining the satisfaction of the condition set forth in
Sections 6.02(c) hereof.   SECTION 5.08. CONDUCT OF Kearny\'S BUSINESS.  
From the date of this Agreement to the Closing Date, Kearny will use its best
efforts to (a) preserve its business organizations intact, (b) maintain good
relationships with employees, and (c) preserve for itself the goodwill
of customers of Kearny. From the date of this Agreement to the Closing Date,
Kearny will not (i) amend its charter or bylaws in any manner inconsistent
with the prompt and timely consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement; (ii) take any action which would result in any of the
representations and warranties of Kearny set forth in Article IV of this
Agreement becoming untrue as of any date after the date hereof or in any of
the conditions set forth in Article VI hereof not being satisfied, except in
each case as may be required by applicable law; (iii) take any action which
would or is reasonably likely to adversely effect or materially delay the
receipt of the necessary approvals from the Regulatory Authorities; (iv) take
action which would or is reasonably likely to materially and adversely affect
Kearny\'s ability to perform its covenants and agreements under this
Agreement; (v) take any action that would result in any of the conditions to
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement not being satisfied; or (vi)
agree to do any of the foregoing.    40   45    SECTION 5.09. BOARD
AND COMMITTEE MINUTES.   WEST ESSEX Bank, WEST ESSEX Bancorp and WEST ESSEX
MHC shall each provide to Kearny, within twenty (20) days after any meeting
of their respective Board of Directors, or any committee thereof, or any
senior management committee, a copy of the minutes of such meeting, except
that with respect to any meeting held within twenty (20) days of the Closing
Date, such minutes shall be provided to each party prior to the Closing Date.
WEST ESSEX may exclude from the minutes matters (i) relating to merger
negotiations, (ii) associated with Section 5.06, or (iii) relating to WEST
ESSEX\'s discussions of possible breaches of this Agreement by Kearny.  
SECTION 5.10. UNDERTAKINGS BY THE PARTIES.   (a) From and after the date of
this Agreement:   (i) VOTING BY DIRECTORS. Concurrently with the execution
of this Agreement, or within five business days thereof, the Directors of
WEST ESSEX Bank, WEST ESSEX Bancorp and WEST ESSEX MHC shall have entered
into the agreement set forth as Exhibit E to this Agreement;   (ii) PROXY
SOLICITOR. If requested to do so by Kearny, WEST ESSEX Bancorp and/or WEST
ESSEX MHC shall retain a proxy solicitor in connection with the solicitation
of stockholders and any necessary WEST ESSEX MHC member approval of this
Agreement and the transaction contemplated hereby;   (iii) OUTSIDE SERVICE
BUREAU CONTRACTS. If requested to do so by Kearny, WEST ESSEX Bank shall use
its best efforts to obtain an extension of any contract with an outside
service bureau or other vendor of services to WEST ESSEX Bank, on terms and
conditions mutually acceptable to WEST ESSEX Bank and Bank;   (iv) BOARD
MEETINGS. WEST ESSEX Bank, WEST ESSEX Bancorp and WEST ESSEX MHC shall
provide Kearny advance notice of the meetings of their Board of Directors and
shall permit a representative of Kearny to attend meetings of their Boards of
Directors or the Executive Committees thereof (provided that they shall not
be required to permit the Kearny representative to remain present during any
confidential discussion of the Agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby);   (v) LIST OF NONPERFORMING ASSETS. WEST ESSEX Bank shall
provide Bank, within ten (10) days of the end of each calendar month, a
written list of nonperforming assets (the term "nonperforming assets," for
purposes of this subsection, means (i) loans that are "troubled debt
restructuring" as defined in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No.
15, "Accounting by Debtors and Creditors for Troubled Debt Restructuring,"
(ii) loans on nonaccrual, (iii) real estate owned, (iv) all loans ninety (90)
days or more past due as of the end of such month and (v) and impaired loans;
and   (vi) RESERVES AND MERGER-RELATED COSTS. On or before the
Merger Effective Date, and at the request of Kearny, WEST ESSEX shall
establish such additional accruals and reserves as may be necessary to
conform the accounting reserve practices and methods (including credit loss
practices and methods) of WEST ESSEX to those of Kearny (as such practices
and methods are to be applied to Kearny from and after the Closing Date) and
Kearny\'s plans with respect to the conduct   41   46    of the
business of WEST ESSEX following the Merger and otherwise to reflect Merger-
related expenses and costs incurred by WEST ESSEX Bancorp, provided, however,
that WEST ESSEX shall not be required to take such action unless
Kearny agrees in writing that all conditions to closing set forth in Section
6.02 have been satisfied or waived (except for the expiration of any
applicable waiting periods); prior to the delivery by Kearny of the writing
referred to in the preceding clause, WEST ESSEX shall provide Kearny a
written statement, certified without personal liability by the chief
executive officer of WEST ESSEX Bancorp, WEST ESSEX Bank and WEST ESSEX MHC
and dated the date of such writing, that the representations made in Section
3.15 hereof are true as of such date or, alternatively, setting forth in
detail the circumstances that prevent such representation from being true as
of such date; and no accrual or reserve made by WEST ESSEX or any WEST ESSEX
Subsidiary pursuant to this subsection, or any litigation or regulatory
proceeding arising out of any such accrual or reserve, shall constitute or be
deemed to be a breach or violation of any representation, warranty, covenant,
condition or other provision of this Agreement or constitute a termination
event within the meaning of Section 7.01(b) hereof. No action shall be
required to be taken by WEST ESSEX pursuant to this Section 5.10(vi) if, in
the opinion of WEST ESSEX\'s independent auditors, such action
would contravene GAAP.   (vii) STOCKHOLDERS AND MEMBERS MEETING.   (A)
WEST ESSEX Bancorp shall submit this Agreement to its stockholders for
approval at a meeting to be held as soon as practicable. The Board of
Directors shall recommend approval of this Agreement to the WEST
ESSEX Bancorp stockholders and the Board of Directors of WEST ESSEX MHC will
vote all of the shares of WEST ESSEX Bancorp owned by WEST ESSEX MHC in favor
of the Agreement; provided that the Board of Directors of WEST ESSEX Bancorp
may fail to make such a recommendation or vote the shares of WEST ESSEX MHC
for the Agreement, or withdraw, modify or change any such recommendation only
in connection with a Superior Proposal, as set forth in Section 5.06 of
this Agreement, and only if such Board of Directors, after having consulted
with and considered the written advice of outside counsel to such Board, has
determined that the making of such recommendation, or the failure so to
withdraw, modify or change its recommendation, would constitute a breach of
the fiduciary duties of such Board. WEST ESSEX Bancorp shall take all steps
necessary in order to hold a meeting of stockholders for the purpose of
approving this Agreement as soon as is practicable. WEST ESSEX MHC shall vote
its shares in favor of this Agreement.   (B) If required by Regulatory
Authorities, WEST ESSEX MHC shall submit this Agreement to WEST ESSEX MHC
members for approval, and, subject to its fiduciary duties, WEST ESSEX MHC\'s
Board of Directors shall recommend approval of this Agreement to the members
of WEST ESSEX MHC and shall vote all member proxies held by WEST ESSEX MHC in
favor of such approval at any meeting of members of WEST ESSEX MHC. WEST
ESSEX MHC shall take all steps necessary in order to hold a meeting of
members for the purpose of approving this Agreement as soon as
practicable.   (viii)SYSTEMS CONVERSIONS. WEST ESSEX Bank and Bank shall
meet on a regular basis to discuss and plan for the conversion of WEST
ESSEX\'s data processing and related electronic informational systems to
those used by Bank, which planning shall include, but not be limited to,
discussion of the possible termination by WEST ESSEX of third-party service
provider arrangements   42   47    effective at the Closing Date or at
a date thereafter, non-renewal of personal property leases and software
licenses used by WEST ESSEX in connection with its systems operations,
retention of outside consultants and additional employees to assist with the
conversion, and outsourcing, as appropriate, of proprietary or self-provided
system services, it being understood that WEST ESSEX shall not be obligated
to take any such action prior to the Closing Date and, unless WEST ESSEX
otherwise agrees, no conversion shall take place prior to the Closing Date.
In the event that WEST ESSEX takes, at the request of Bank, any
action relative to third parties to facilitate the conversion that results in
the imposition of any termination fees, expenses or charges, Kearny shall
indemnify WEST ESSEX for any such fees, expenses and charges, and the costs
of reversing the conversion process, if for any reason the Merger is not
consummated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.   (b) From and
after the date of this Agreement, Kearny and WEST ESSEX shall each:   (i)
FILINGS AND APPROVALS. Cooperate with the other in the preparation and
filing, as soon as practicable, of (1) the Applications, (2) any Proxy
Statement, (3) all other documents necessary to obtain any other
approvals and consents required to effect the completion of the Merger, and
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and (4) all other
documents contemplated by this Agreement;   (ii) PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS.
Cooperate and cause their respective officers, directors, employees and
agents to cooperate in good faith, consistent with their respective legal
obligations, in the preparation and distribution of, and agree upon the form
and substance of, any press release related to this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby, and any other public disclosures related
thereto, including without limitation communications to stockholders,
internal announcements and customer disclosures, but nothing contained herein
shall prohibit either party from making any disclosure which its counsel
deems necessary, provided that the disclosing party notifies the other party
reasonably in advance of the timing and contents of such disclosure;   (iii)
MAINTENANCE OF INSURANCE. Maintain insurance in such amounts as are
reasonable to cover such risks as are customary in relation to the character
and location of its properties and the nature of its business;   (iv)
MAINTENANCE OF BOOKS AND RECORDS. Maintain books of account and records in
accordance with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with those principles used
in preparing the financial statements heretofore delivered;   (v) DELIVERY
OF SECURITIES DOCUMENTS. Deliver to the other copies of all Securities
Documents simultaneously with the filing thereof; and   (vi) TAXES. File all
Federal, state, and local tax returns required to be filed by them on or
before the date such returns are due (including any extensions) and pay all
taxes shown to be due on such returns on or before the date such payment is
due.    43   48     SECTION 5.11. EMPLOYEE AND TERMINATION BENEFITS;
DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT.   (a) EMPLOYEE BENEFITS. Except as otherwise
provided in Section 5.11(c) of this Agreement, as of or after the Merger
Effective Date, and at Kearny\'s election and subject to the requirements of
the IRC and ERISA, the WEST ESSEX Employee Plans may continue to be
maintained separately, consolidated, or terminated, provided that if any WEST
ESSEX Employee Plan is terminated, Continuing Employees (as defined below)
shall participate in any Kearny Employee Plan of a similar character (to the
extent that one exists) as of the first entry date coincident with or
following such termination. WEST ESSEX Continuing Employees (as defined
below) shall participate in the Kearny Thrift Plan (sponsored by the
Financial Institutions Thrift Plan) not later than the first entry date
coincident with or following the Merger Effective Date, with recognition of
prior WEST ESSEX service for purposes of eligibility to participate and
vesting, but not benefits accrual, under such Kearny plan. WEST ESSEX
Continuing Employees (as defined below) shall participate in the
Kearny Pension Plan (sponsored by the Financial Institutions Retirement Fund)
not later than the first entry date coincident with or following the date of
termination of the WEST ESSEX defined benefit pension plan or cessation of
benefits accruals for future service under such WEST ESSEX plan, and with
recognition of prior WEST ESSEX service for purposes of eligibility to
participate and vesting, but not benefits accrual, under such Kearny plan. In
the event of a consolidation of any or all of such plans or in the event of
termination of any WEST ESSEX Employee Plan, WEST ESSEX employees who are
participants in the WEST ESSEX Employee Plans and who continue employment
with Kearny ("Continuing Employees") shall receive credit for service with
WEST ESSEX Bank (for purposes of eligibility and vesting determination but
not for benefit accrual purposes) under any existing Kearny benefit plan, or
new Kearny benefit plan in which such employees or their dependents would be
eligible to enroll, subject to any pre- existing conditions or other
exclusions to which such persons were subject under the WEST ESSEX Employee
Plans. Such service shall also apply for purposes of satisfying any waiting
periods, actively-at-work requirements, and evidence of insurability
requirements. Continuing Employees who become covered under a Kearny health
plan shall be required to satisfy the deductible limitations of the Kearny
health plan for the plan year in which coverage commences, without offset for
deductibles satisfied under the WEST ESSEX health plan.   In the event of
any termination or consolidation of any WEST ESSEX health plan with any
Kearny health plan, Kearny shall make available to Continuing Employees and
their dependents employer-provided health coverage on the same basis as it
provides such coverage to Kearny employees. In the event of any termination,
or consolidation of any WEST ESSEX health plan with any Kearny health plan,
any pre-existing condition, limitation or exclusion in the Kearny health plan
shall not apply to Continuing Employees or their covered dependents who have
satisfied such pre- existing condition exclusion waiting period under a WEST
ESSEX health plan with respect to such pre-existing condition on the
Merger Effective Date and who then change that coverage to Kearny\'s health
plan at the time such Continuing Employee is first given the option to enroll
in such Kearny health plan. In the event of a termination of or consolidation
of any WEST ESSEX health plan with any Kearny health plan, Continuing
Employees will be required to seek reimbursement of claims arising prior to
the Merger Effective Date from the WEST ESSEX health plan and shall not be
entitled to seek reimbursement of claims arising prior to the Merger
Effective Date from the Kearny health plan.    44   49     (b) It is
the current intention of WEST ESSEX Bank and Kearny to retain all current
non- officer employees of WEST ESSEX Bank, with the exception of those
persons set forth in the WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule or the
Kearny Disclosure Schedule at Section 5.11(b). Except as provided in Section
5.11(i) hereof, nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to
grant a contract of employment to any employee of WEST ESSEX who becomes an
employee of Kearny. Any non-management WEST ESSEX employee whose employment
is terminated involuntarily (other than for cause) within one year of the
Merger Effective Date shall receive severance benefits in accordance with the
WEST ESSEX Bank employee severance compensation plan set forth in the WEST
ESSEX Disclosure Schedule.   (c) At the Merger Effective Date, the West
Essex Bank Employee Stock Ownership Plan ("ESOP") shall be terminated on such
terms and conditions as contained in the ESOP (as of the date of this
Agreement). As soon as practicable after the receipt of a favorable
determination letter from the IRS as to the tax qualified status of the ESOP
upon its termination under Section 401(a) of the IRC (the "Final
Determination Letter"), distributions of the benefits under the ESOP shall be
made to the ESOP Participants. From and after the date of this Agreement, in
anticipation of such termination and distribution, WEST ESSEX and its
representatives before the Merger Effective Date, and Kearny and
its representatives after the Merger Effective Date, shall use their best
efforts to apply for and to obtain such favorable Final Determination Letter
from the IRS. If WEST ESSEX and its representatives, before the Merger
Effective Date, and Kearny and its representatives, after the Merger
Effective Date, reasonably determine that the ESOP cannot obtain a favorable
Final Determination Letter, or that the amounts held therein cannot be so
applied, allocated or distributed without causing the ESOP to lose its tax-
qualified status, WEST ESSEX before the Merger Effective Date, and Kearny
after the Merger Effective Date, shall take such action as they may
reasonably determine with respect to the distribution of benefits to the ESOP
Participants, provided that the assets of the ESOP shall be held or paid only
for the benefit of the ESOP Participants, as determined on the Merger
Effective Date, and provided further that in no event shall any portion of
the amounts held in the ESOP revert, directly or indirectly, to WEST ESSEX
or to Kearny or any affiliate thereof. At the time distribution of benefits
is made under the ESOP on or after the Merger Effective Date, at the election
of the ESOP Participant, the amount thereof that constitutes an "eligible
rollover distribution" (as defined in Section 402(f)(2)(A) of the IRC) may be
rolled over by such ESOP Participant to any qualified Kearny benefit plan
that permits rollover distributions or to any eligible individual retirement
account.   (d) Immediately following the Merger Effective Date, Kearny will
take such steps as are necessary to elect Mr. Leopold Montanaro as a member
of the Board of the Bank in a class of directors who will stand for
reelection approximately three years following the Merger Effective Date.  
(e) Prior to WEST ESSEX Bancorp or WEST ESSEX Bank making any
payments pursuant to any employment agreements, severance plans, non-
qualified deferred compensation plans or other arrangements, WEST ESSEX
Bancorp or WEST ESSEX Bank shall furnish Kearny with a certification by WEST
ESSEX Bancorp or WEST ESSEX Bank\'s tax accountant and related work papers
that such payment will not result in any payments from WEST ESSEX Bancorp or
WEST ESSEX Bank to the recipient that will exceed the amount that is tax
deductible to WEST ESSEX Bancorp or WEST ESSEX Bank under Sections 280G and
162(m) of the IRC. Prior to WEST   45   50    ESSEX Bancorp or WEST
ESSEX Bank making any payments pursuant to any employment agreements,
severance plans, non-qualified deferred compensation plans or
other arrangements, the chief financial officer of WEST ESSEX Bancorp and
WEST ESSEX Bank shall furnish Kearny with a certification that such payments
are consistent with the WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedules Sections 2.06, 3.08,
3.12 and 3.19 furnished as of the date of the Agreement, and WEST ESSEX
Bancorp and WEST ESSEX Bank shall furnish Kearny with an acknowledgment and
release agreement by each individual to receive a payment in form and
substance satisfactory to Kearny.   (f) Until the Merger Effective Date,
WEST ESSEX shall be liable for all obligations for continued health coverage
pursuant to Section 4980B of the IRC and Sections 601 through 609 of ERISA
("COBRA") with respect to each WEST ESSEX Bank qualifying beneficiary (as
defined in COBRA) who incurs a qualifying event (as defined in COBRA) before
the Merger Effective Date. Kearny shall be liable for (i) all obligations for
continued health coverage under COBRA with respect to each WEST ESSEX Bank
qualified beneficiary (as defined in COBRA) who incurs a qualifying event (as
defined in COBRA) from and after the Merger Effective Date, and (ii) for
continued health coverage under COBRA from and after the Merger Effective
Date for each WEST ESSEX Bank qualified beneficiary who incurs a qualifying
event before the Merger Effective Date.   (g) As of the Merger Effective
Date, the WEST ESSEX Supplemental Retirement Plans and Salary Income
Continuation Agreements shall be terminated and all payments thereunder shall
be made thereafter, as set forth in WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 5.11(g)
dated as of the date of the Agreement.   (h) As of the Merger Effective
Date, Kearny shall, subject to the exercise of its fiduciary duty, establish
a WEST ESSEX advisory board (the "Advisory Board"), to be appointed annually,
comprised of the directors of the WEST ESSEX Bank who will not otherwise be
serving on the Board of the Bank. Subject to the exercise of the fiduciary
duty of the Kearny Board of Directors, such Advisory Board will be maintained
for at least three years. Members of the Advisory Board will receive a fee
for such services in an amount comparable to that paid for their service as a
director of WEST ESSEX Bank as set forth at WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule
5.11(h). Such fees shall be payable quarterly in arrears.   (i) As of the
Merger Effective Date, Kearny will offer to enter into an employment
agreement and/or consulting agreement with Mr. Leopold Montanaro in a form
similar to that detailed at WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 5.11(i)(1)
and consulting agreements with each of Mr. Dennis Petrello and Charles
Filippo in a form similar to that detailed at WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule
5.11(i)(2) and (3), respectively.   (j) As of the Merger Effective Date,
Kearny will offer Mr. Craig Montanaro employment as an officer of the
Bank.   SECTION 5.12. DUTY TO ADVISE; DUTY TO UPDATE KEARNY DISCLOSURE
SCHEDULE.   Kearny shall promptly advise WEST ESSEX of any change or event
having a Material Adverse Effect on it or which it believes would or would be
reasonably likely to cause or constitute a material breach of any of its
representations, warranties or covenants set forth herein. Kearny shall  
46   51    update the Kearny\' Disclosure Schedule as promptly as
practicable after the occurrence of an event or fact which, if such event or
fact had occurred prior to the date of this Agreement, would have been
disclosed in the Kearny Disclosure Schedule. The delivery of such updated
Schedules shall not relieve Kearny from any breach or violation of this
Agreement and shall not have any effect for the purposes of determining the
satisfaction of the condition set forth in Section 6.01(c) hereof.  
SECTION 5.13. TRANSACTION EXPENSES OF WEST ESSEX.   (a) For planning
purposes, set forth at WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 5.13(a) hereto, WEST
ESSEX has provided Kearny with its estimated budget of transaction-related
expenses reasonably anticipated to be payable by WEST ESSEX in connection
with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereunder based on
facts and circumstances then currently known, including the fees and expenses
of counsel, accountants, investment bankers and other professionals. WEST
ESSEX shall use its best efforts to maintain expenses within the
budget, provided that in the event the actual facts and circumstances differ
from the assumptions upon which the budget is based, then the budget shall be
adjusted to reasonably correspond to such change.   (b) Promptly after the
execution of this Agreement, WEST ESSEX shall ask all of its attorneys and
other professionals to render current and correct invoices for all unbilled
time and disbursements within thirty (30) days. WEST ESSEX shall review these
invoices and track such expenses against the budget referenced above, and
WEST ESSEX shall advise Kearny of such matters prior to payment of such
invoices.   (c) WEST ESSEX shall cause its professionals to render monthly
invoices within thirty (30) days after the end of each month. WEST ESSEX
shall advise Kearny monthly of such invoices for professional services,
disbursements and reimbursable expenses which WEST ESSEX has incurred in
connection with this Agreement prior to payment of such invoices, and WEST
ESSEX shall track such expenses against the budget referenced above.   (d)
WEST ESSEX, in reasonable consultation with Kearny, shall make
all arrangements with respect to the printing and mailing of the Proxy
Statement.    ARTICLE VI  CONDITIONS   SECTION 6.01. CONDITIONS TO
OBLIGATIONS OF WEST ESSEX UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.   The obligations of WEST
ESSEX under this Agreement shall be subject to satisfaction at or prior to
the Closing Date of each of the following conditions, unless waived by WEST
ESSEX pursuant to Section 8.03 hereof:   (a) CORPORATE PROCEEDINGS. All
action required to be taken by, or on the part of Kearny to authorize the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, shall have been duly and
validly taken by Kearny   47   52    and WEST ESSEX Bancorp shall have
received certified copies of the resolutions evidencing such
authorizations;   (b) COVENANTS. The obligations and covenants of Kearny
required by this Agreement to be performed by Kearny at or prior to the
Closing Date shall have been duly performed and complied with in all material
respects;   (c) REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Each of the representations
and warranties of Kearny in this Agreement which is qualified as to
materiality shall be true and correct, and each such representation or
warranty that is not so qualified shall be true and correct in all material
respects, in each case as of the date of this Agreement, and (except to the
extent such representations and warranties speak as of an earlier date) as of
the Closing Date.   (d) APPROVALS OF REGULATORY AUTHORITIES. The Bank
Merger, the MHC Merger and the Mid-Tier Merger shall have received all
required approvals of Regulatory Authorities and all notice and waiting
periods required thereunder shall have expired or been terminated.   (e) NO
INJUNCTION. There shall not be in effect any order, decree or injunction of a
court or agency of competent jurisdiction which enjoins or prohibits
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby;   (f) OFFICER\'S
CERTIFICATE. Kearny shall have delivered to WEST ESSEX a certificate, dated
the Closing Date and signed, without personal liability, by its chairman of
the board or president, to the effect that the conditions set forth in
subsections (a) through (f) and (i) of this Section 6.01 have been satisfied,
to the best knowledge of the officer executing the same;   (g) OPINION OF
KEARNY\'S COUNSEL. WEST ESSEX shall have received an opinion of Malizia Spidi
and Fisch, PC, counsel to Kearny, dated the Closing Date, to the effect set
forth on Exhibit 6.1 attached hereto; and   (h) APPROVAL OF WEST ESSEX
BANCORP\'S STOCKHOLDERS AND WEST ESSEX MHC MEMBERS. This Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby shall have been approved by:   (i) the
stockholders of WEST ESSEX Bancorp by such vote as is required under
applicable laws of the United States and regulations and policy of the
Regulatory Authorities, WEST ESSEX Bancorp\'s charter and bylaws, and under
Nasdaq requirements applicable to it; and   (ii) to the extent required by
the Regulatory Authorities, by the members of WEST ESSEX MHC by such vote as
is required.   (i) FUNDS DEPOSITED WITH THE EXCHANGE AGENT. On or prior to
the Closing Date, Corporation shall have deposited or caused to be deposited,
in trust with the Exchange Agent, an amount of cash equal to the aggregate
Merger Consideration that the WEST ESSEX Bancorp stockholders shall be
entitled to receive on the Merger Effective Date pursuant to Section 2.02 of
this Agreement.    48   53     SECTION 6.02. CONDITIONS TO THE
OBLIGATIONS OF KEARNY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.   The obligations of Kearny
hereunder shall be subject to satisfaction at or prior to the Closing Date of
each of the following conditions, unless waived by Kearny pursuant to Section
8.03 hereof:   (a) CORPORATE PROCEEDINGS. All action required to be taken
by, or on the part of, WEST ESSEX MHC, WEST ESSEX Bancorp and WEST ESSEX Bank
to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, and
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, shall
have been duly and validly taken by WEST ESSEX MHC, WEST ESSEX Bancorp and
WEST ESSEX Bank; and Kearny shall have received certified copies of the
resolutions evidencing such authorizations;   (b) COVENANTS. The
obligations and covenants of WEST ESSEX required by this Agreement to be
performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been duly performed and
complied with in all material respects;   (c) REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES. Each of the representations and warranties of WEST ESSEX in this
Agreement that is qualified as to materiality shall be true and correct, and
each such representation or warranty that is not so qualified shall be true
and correct in all material respects, in each case as of the date of this
Agreement, and (except to the extent such representations and warranties
speak as of an earlier date) as of the Closing Date.   (d) APPROVALS OF
REGULATORY AUTHORITIES. The Merger and the formation of any required interim
savings entities required in connection therewith shall have received all
required approvals of Regulatory Authorities (without the imposition of any
conditions that would cause a Material Adverse Effect on Kearny, excluding
standard conditions that are normally imposed by the Regulatory Authorities
in merger transactions); and all notice and waiting periods required
thereunder shall have expired or been terminated.   (e) NO INJUNCTION. There
shall not be in effect any order, decree or injunction of a court or agency
of competent jurisdiction which enjoins or prohibits consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby;   (f) NO MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT. Except
as set forth in the WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 3.07, as of the execution
date of the Agreement, since December 31, 2001, there shall not have occurred
any Material Adverse Effect with respect to WEST ESSEX Bancorp and WEST ESSEX
Bank;   (g) OFFICER\'S CERTIFICATE. WEST ESSEX MHC, WEST ESSEX Bancorp and
WEST ESSEX Bank shall have delivered to Kearny a certificate, dated the
Closing Date and signed, without personal liability, by the chairman of the
board or president of each, to the effect that the conditions set forth in
subsections (a) through (f) of this Section 6.02 have been satisfied, to the
best knowledge of the officer executing the same; and    49   54    
(h) OPINIONS OF COUNSEL. Kearny shall have received an opinion of
Muldoon Murphy and Faucette, LLP, counsel to WEST ESSEX Bancorp, WEST ESSEX
Bank and WEST ESSEX MHC, dated the Closing Date, to the effect set forth on
Exhibit 6.2 attached hereto.   (i) TRANSACTION EXPENSES. Not later than two
business days prior to the Closing Date, WEST ESSEX shall provide Kearny with
an accounting of all transaction related expenses incurred by it through the
Closing Date, including a good faith estimate of such expenses incurred or to
be incurred through the Closing Date but as to which invoices have not yet
been submitted. WEST ESSEX shall detail any variance of such transaction
expenses to the budget set forth at WEST ESSEX Disclosure Schedule 5.13(a) as
of the date of the Agreement.   50   55       ARTICLE VII 
TERMINATION, WAIVER AND AMENDMENT   SECTION 7.01. TERMINATION.   This
Agreement may be terminated on or at any time prior to the Closing Date:  
(a) By the mutual written consent of the parties hereto;   (b) By either
Kearny or WEST ESSEX or acting individually:   (i) if there shall have been
a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or other
obligation of the other party and the breach cannot be, or shall not have
been, remedied within 30 days after receipt by such other party of notice in
writing specifying the nature of such breach and requesting that it be
remedied;   (ii) if the Closing Date shall not have occurred on or before
July 31, 2003, unless the failure of such occurrence shall be due to the
failure of the party seeking to terminate this Agreement to perform or
observe its obligations set forth in this Agreement required to be performed
or observed by such party on or before the Closing Date; provided, however,
the parties shall in good faith agree to extend such deadline for a period of
an additional 120 days thereafter in the event that such parties determine
that it is reasonably likely that such Closing Date will in fact occur during
such extension period.   (iii) if either party has been informed in writing
by a Regulatory Authority whose approval or consent has been requested that
such approval or consent is denied, or is granted subject to any material
change in the terms of the Agreement, unless the failure of such occurrence
shall be due to the failure of the party seeking to terminate this Agreement
to perform or observe its agreements set forth herein required to be
performed or observed by such party on or before the Closing Date;   (iv)
if the approval of the stockholders of WEST ESSEX Bancorp and any approval of
the members of WEST ESSEX MHC required for the consummation of the Merger
shall not have been obtained by reason of the failure to obtain the required
vote at a duly held meeting of stockholders or members, as the case may be,
or at any adjournment or postponement thereof; or   (c) By Kearny if (i) as
provided in Section 5.10(a)(vii), the Board of Directors of WEST ESSEX MHC or
WEST ESSEX Bancorp withdraws its recommendation of this Agreement, fails to
make such recommendation or modifies or qualifies its recommendation in a
manner adverse to Kearny, or (ii) in reliance on Section 5.06 of this
Agreement, WEST ESSEX MHC or WEST ESSEX Bancorp enters into an agreement to
be acquired by, or merge or combine with, a third party in connection with a
Superior Proposal;    51   56     (d) By WEST ESSEX Bancorp or WEST
ESSEX MHC, upon two days\' prior notice to Kearny, if, as a result of a
Superior Proposal, the Board of Directors of WEST ESSEX Bancorp or WEST ESSEX
MHC determines, in good faith and in consultation with counsel, that its
fiduciary duties require that such Superior Proposal be accepted.   SECTION
7.02. EFFECT OF TERMINATION.   (a) Except as otherwise provided in this
Agreement, if this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 7.01 hereof,
this Agreement shall forthwith become void (other than Sections 5.02(a), 7.02
and Section 8.01 hereof, which shall remain in full force and effect), and
there shall be no further liability on the part of Kearny or WEST ESSEX to
the other, except that no party shall be relieved or released from any
liabilities or damages arising out of its willful breach of any provision of
this Agreement.   (b) As a condition of Kearny\'s willingness, and in order
to induce Kearny to enter into this Agreement and to reimburse Kearny for
incurring the costs and expenses related to entering into this Agreement and
consummating the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, WEST ESSEX will
make an aggregate cash payment to Kearny of $4.0 million (the "Expense Fee")
if Kearny has terminated this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.01(c) or WEST
ESSEX has terminated this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.01(d), and in such
event WEST ESSEX shall have no further liability to Kearny. Any payment
required under this Section 7.02(b) shall be paid by WEST ESSEX to Kearny (by
wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by
Kearny) within five business days after written demand by Kearny. Each of
WEST ESSEX Bank, WEST ESSEX Bancorp and WEST ESSEX MHC shall be joint and
severally liable for any payment required to be made by WEST ESSEX to Kearny
pursuant to this Section 7.02(b).    ARTICLE VIII  MISCELLANEOUS  
SECTION 8.01. EXPENSES.   (a) Except as provided herein, each party hereto
shall bear and pay all costs and expenses incurred by it in connection with
the transactions contemplated hereby, including fees and expenses of its own
financial consultants, accountants and counsel.   (b) In the event of any
termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.01(b)(i) hereof because
of a breach of this Agreement by one of the parties, in addition to any other
damages and remedies that may be available to the non-breaching party, the
non-breaching party shall be entitled to payment of, and the breaching party
shall pay to the non-breaching party, all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and
expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal, accounting and
investment banking fees and expenses, incurred by the non-breaching party in
connection with entering into this Agreement and carrying out of any and all
acts contemplated hereunder; provided, however, that this clause shall not be
construed to relieve or release a breaching party from any additional
liabilities or damages arising out of its willful breach of any provision of
this Agreement.    52   57     SECTION 8.02. NON-SURVIVAL OF
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.   All representations, warranties and,
except to the extent specifically provided otherwise herein, agreements and
covenants, other than those covenants set forth in Sections 5.05, 5.11, and
7.02 which will survive the Merger, shall terminate on the Closing Date.  
SECTION 8.03. AMENDMENT, EXTENSION AND WAIVER.   Subject to applicable law,
at any time prior to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, the parties may (1) amend this Agreement, (2) extend the time
for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of either party
hereto, (3) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties
contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto, or (4) waive
compliance with any of the agreements or conditions contained in Articles V
and VI hereof or otherwise. This Agreement may not be amended except by an
instrument in writing authorized by the respective Boards of Directors and
signed, by duly authorized officers, on behalf of the parties hereto. Any
agreement on the part of a party hereto to any extension or waiver shall be
valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed by a duly
authorized officer on behalf of such party, but such waiver or failure to
insist on strict compliance with such obligation, covenant, agreement or
condition shall not operate as a waiver of, or estoppel with respect to,
any subsequent or other failure.   SECTION 8.04. ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  
Except as set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement, including
the documents and other writings referred to herein or delivered pursuant
hereto, contains the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with
respect to its subject matter. Except as set forth in this Agreement, this
Agreement supersedes all prior arrangements and understandings between the
parties, both written or oral with respect to its subject matter. This
Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties
hereto and their respective successors; provided, however, that nothing in
this Agreement, expressed or implied, is intended to confer upon any party,
other than the parties hereto and their respective successors, any rights,
remedies, obligations or liabilities other than pursuant to Sections
2.02(a)(i), 2.03, and 5.05.   SECTION 8.05. NO ASSIGNMENT.   Neither party
hereto may assign any of its rights or obligations hereunder to any other
person, without the prior written consent of the other party hereto.  
SECTION 8.06. NOTICES.   All notices or other communications hereunder shall
be in writing and shall be deemed given if delivered personally, mailed by
prepaid registered or certified mail (return receipt requested), or sent by
telecopy, addressed as follows:    53   58    (a) If to Kearny
to:   Kearny Federal Savings Bank  614 Kearny Avenue  Kearny, New Jersey
07032  Attn: John N. Hopkins  President and Chief Executive Officer  Fax:
(201) 955-1311   with a copy to:   Malizia Spidi and Fisch, PC  1100 New
York Avenue, N.W.  Suite 340 West  Washington, DC 20005  Attn: Samuel J.
Malizia, Esq.  Richard Fisch, Esq.  Fax: (202) 434-4661   (b) If to WEST
ESSEX to:   West Essex Bank  417 Bloomfield Avenue  Caldwell, NJ
07006-4980  Attn: Leopold W. Montanaro  President and Chief Executive
Officer  Fax: (973) 220-6764   with a copy to:   Muldoon, Murphy and
Faucette, LLP  5101 Wisconsin Avenue, NW  Washington, DC 20016  Attn: Lori
Beresford, Esq.  Fax: (202)966-9409   SECTION 8.07. CAPTIONS.   The
captions contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and are
not part of this Agreement.   SECTION 8.08. COUNTERPARTS.   This Agreement
may be executed in any number of counterparts, and each such counterpart
shall be deemed to be an original instrument, but all such counterparts
together shall constitute but one agreement.     54   59    SECTION
8.09. SEVERABILITY.   If any provision of this Agreement or the application
thereof to any person or circumstance shall be invalid or unenforceable to
any extent, the remainder of this Agreement and the application of such
provisions to other persons or circumstances shall not be affected thereby
and shall be enforced to the greatest extent permitted by law. If however,
any provision of this Agreement is held invalid by a court of competent
jurisdiction, then the parties hereto shall in good faith amend this
Agreement to include an alternative provision that accomplishes a result that
is as substantially similar to the result originally intended as
possible.   SECTION 8.10. GOVERNING LAW.   This Agreement shall be
governed by and construed in accordance with the domestic internal law
(including the law of conflicts of law) of the State of New Jersey, except to
the extent that Federal law shall be deemed to preempt such State law.  
SECTION 8.11. SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE.   The parties hereto agree that
irreparable damage would occur in the event that the provisions contained in
this Agreement were not performed in accordance with its specific terms or
was otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be
entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this
Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof in any
court of the United States or any state having jurisdiction, this being in
addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or
in equity.     55   60     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have
caused this Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized officers as of
the day and year first above written.   KEARNY FEDERAL SAVINGS BANK   
By: /s/ John N. Hopkins  --------------------------------------  John N.
Hopkins  President and Chief Executive Officer   KEARNY FINANCIAL
CORP.    By: /s/ John N. Hopkins  -------------------------------------- 
John N. Hopkins  President and Chief Executive Officer   KEARNY MHC   
By: /s/ John N. Hopkins  --------------------------------------  John N.
Hopkins  President and Chief Executive Officer    WEST ESSEX BANCORP,
INC.    By: /s/ Leopold W. Montanaro 
--------------------------------------  Leopold W. Montanaro  President and
Chief Executive Officer   WEST ESSEX BANK    By: /s/ Leopold W.
Montanaro  --------------------------------------  Leopold W. Montanaro 
President and Chief Executive Officer   WEST ESSEX BANCORP, M.H.C.    By:
/s/ Leopold W. Montanaro  --------------------------------------  Leopold W.
Montanaro  President and Chief Executive Officer      '

