 PURCHASE AGREEMENT     Exhibit 99.1  
PURCHASE AGREEMENT   BETWEEN   RESIDENCE INN III LLC,   AS SELLER,  
AND   APPLE HOSPITALITY TWO INC.   AS PURCHASER   Definitions: The
following capitalized terms used in this Agreement are
defined ----------- in the sections indicated below:    ~~  Accountants
Section 13.7 Additional Personalty Article 1(c) Agreement
Introduction Amended Agreement Section 14.7 Apportionment Date Section
13.1 Appurtenances Article 1(a) Assignment of Management Agreement Section
9.5 Assignment of Meriden Lease Section 9.4 Bakersfield Parcel Article
1(a) Bankruptcy Code Section 3.17 Bill of Sale or Bills of Sale Section
9.2 Blue Ash Parcel Article 1(a) Books and Records Article 1(c) Clear Lake
Parcel Article 1(a) Closing Section 5.1 Closing Date Section 5.1 Closing
Documents Section 3.4 Confidentiality Agreement Section 14.9 Contract Date
Introduction Contracts Article 1(d) Crestline Section 3.9(a) Current Ledger
Section 13.3 Deed or Deeds Section 9.1 Deposit Section 2.3 DEPOSITS Section
2.3 Encumbrances Section 6.2(a) Environmental Laws Section 3.14 Equipment
Leases Article 1(d) Escrow Agent Section 2.1 Escrow Instructions Section
2.3 Equity Interest Section 14.7 Existing Debt Section 2.1 Feasibility
Period Section 6.6(b) FFandE; Article 1(b) Financial Statements Section
3.16 Fixed Asset Supplies Article 1(b) Front Desk Closing Hour Section
13.3 Hapeville Parcel Article 1(a) Hazardous Substances Section
3.14 Improvement Reserve Section 13.1 Improvements Article 1(a) Initial
Deposit Section 2.3 Inn or Inns Article 1(a)      ~~  Intangibles
Article 1(c) Inventories Article 1(b) Land Article 1(a) Las Colinas Parcel
Article 1(a) Lender Section 2.1 Loan Agreement Section 2.1 Management
Agreement Section 3.9(a) Manager Article 1(c) Meriden Estoppel Section
9.6 Meriden Parcel Article 1(a) Meriden Landlord Section 9.6 Meriden Lease
Section 9.6 Montgomery Parcel Article 1(a) Parcel Article 1(a) Partnership
Section 14.7 Permits Section 3.11 Permitted Exceptions Section
6.2(b) Personal Property Article 1(b) Plans Article 1(c) Pleasant Hill
Parcel Article 1(a) Property Article 1(d) Purchase Price Section
2.1 Purchaser Introduction San Ramon Parcel Article 1(a) Seller
Introduction Seller Knowledge Individual Section 3.19 Space Leases Article
1(d) Special Survey Review Period Section 6.2(b) Surveys Section
6.3 Termination Notice Section 6.6(b) Tewksbury Parcel Article 1(a) Title
Commitments Section 6.2(a) Title Company Section 6.2(a) Title Review Period
Section 6.2(b) Uniform System of Accounts Article 1(b) Utility Reservations
Article 1(a)     PURCHASE AGREEMENT    THIS PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this
"Agreement") is executed as of the 18th day of May, 2001 (the "Contract
Date") by RESIDENCE INN III LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
("Seller") and APPLE HOSPITALITY TWO INC., a Virginia corporation
("Purchaser").   ARTICLE I  Sale  ----   Subject to Section 14.7 hereof,
and to the other terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, Seller
agrees to sell and convey to Purchaser (or, in the case of personal property
covered by this Agreement, to Purchaser\'s designated lessee), and Purchaser
agrees to buy and assume (or cause such lessee to buy and assume) from
Seller, all of Seller\'s right, title and interest in and to the
following:   (a) Those certain parcels of land (each a "Parcel") more
particularly described in Exhibit A attached hereto (collectively, the
"Land") located in (1)  --------- Tewksbury, Massachusetts (the "Tewksbury
Parcel"), (2) Meriden, Connecticut (the "Meriden Parcel"), (3) Hapeville,
Georgia (the "Hapeville Parcel"), (4) Blue Ash, Ohio (the "Blue Ash Parcel"),
(5) Montgomery, Alabama (the "Montgomery Parcel"), (6) Clear Lake, Texas (the
"Clear Lake Parcel"), (7) Las Colinas, Texas (the "Las Colinas Parcel"), (8)
San Ramon, California (the "San Ramon Parcel"), (9) Pleasant Hill, California
(the "Pleasant Hill Parcel") and (10) Bakersfield, California (the
"Bakersfield Parcel"), together with (i) all buildings, parking areas, other
structures and other improvements located on any such Parcel (collectively,
the "Improvements"), (ii) all water and mineral rights (if any), development
rights and all easements, rights and other interests appurtenant to the Land
and Improvements, including, but not limited to, (A) all easements, rights of
way, rights of ingress and egress, tenements, hereditaments, privileges, and
appurtenances in any way belonging to any Parcel or Improvements, (B) any
land lying in the bed of any alley, highway, street, road or avenue, open or
proposed, in front of or abutting or adjoining any Parcel, (C) any strips or
gores of real estate adjacent to any Parcel, and (D) the use of all alleys,
easements and rights-of-way, if any, abutting, adjacent, contiguous to or
adjoining the Land (collectively, the "Appurtenances"), and (iii) to the
extent assignable and without additional cost to Seller (except costs that
Purchaser agrees to reimburse to Seller), Seller\'s interest in the right to
receive immediately on and after Closing and continuously consume thereafter
water service, sanitary and storm sewer service, electrical service, gas
service, and telephone service on and for the Land and Improvements, and
the foregoing right shall include but not be limited to (A) the right to the
present and future use of wastewater, drainage, water and other utility
facilities to the extent such use benefits the Land or Improvements, (B) all
reservations of or commitments covering any such use in the future, and (C)
all wastewater capacity reservations   relating to the Land or
Improvements (collectively, the "Utility Reservations"). Each Parcel and the
Improvements located thereon, together with the related Appurtenances and
Utility Reservations, are sometimes referred to hereinafter individually, as
an "Inn" and collectively, as the "Inns".   (b) The following personalty
(collectively the "Personal Property"): (1) all furniture, furnishings,
fixtures, vehicles, rugs, mats, carpeting, appliances, devices, engines,
telephone and other communications equipment, televisions and other video
equipment, plumbing fixtures and other equipment located in, or used in the
operation of, each of the Inns (the "FFandE;"), (2) all items included within
the definition of "Property and Equipment" under the Uniform System of
Accounts for the Lodging Industry, Ninth Revised Edition, as published by the
Hotel Association of New York City, Inc. (the "Uniform System of Accounts")
and used in the operation of the Inns, including, without limitation, linen,
china, glassware, tableware, uniforms and similar items, subject to such
depletion or replacement prior to the Closing Date as shall occur in the
ordinary course of business (the "Fixed Asset Supplies"); (3)
all "Inventories" as defined in the Uniform System of Accounts and used in
the operation of the Inns, including, without limitation, provisions in
storerooms, refrigerators, pantries, and kitchens, beverages in wine cellars
and bars, other merchandise intended for sale or resale, fuel, mechanical
supplies, stationery, guest supplies, maintenance and housekeeping supplies
and other expensed supplies and similar items, subject to such depletion or
replacement prior to the Closing Date as shall occur in the ordinary course
of business (the "Inventories"), provided, however, that to the extent that
any applicable law  -------- ------- prohibits the transfer of alcoholic
beverages from Seller to Purchaser (or Purchaser\'s designated lessee or
manager), such beverages shall not be considered a part of Inventories;  
(c) to the extent in Seller\'s possession or control, (1) all
surveys, architectural, consulting and engineering drawings and blueprints,
plans and specifications, soil reports, engineering reports, inspection
reports, and other technical descriptions and reports related to the Inns
(the "Plans"), (2) all books and records, if any related to the Inns (the
"Books and Records"), (3) all right, title and interest of Seller in, to and
under the following related to the Inns, to the extent assignable: all
warranties, guaranties, indemnities, and claims for the benefit of Seller,
all licenses, permits, certificates of occupancy, and similar documents
issued by any federal, state, or municipal authority, or by any private party
without material cost to Seller (the "Intangibles"), and (4) any and all
other items of personalty owned by Seller and located at each of the Inns
(the "Additional Personalty"), but excluding (i) accounts receivable for
periods prior to the Apportionment Date, (ii) property of guests, (iii)
Personal Property leased pursuant to the Equipment Leases, (iv) information
owned by or proprietary to Residence Inn by Marriott, Inc. (the "Manager"),
the manager under the Management Agreement, and (iv) petty cash, working
capital or cash on deposit in   2   any account maintained by or for the
benefit of Seller, except cash on deposit as of the Closing Date in the
Improvement Reserve (as hereinafter defined).   (d) To the extent
assignable, (1) all written service, maintenance, licensing, concession, and
other contracts or agreements related to the maintenance, ownership, use,
possession or operation of the Personal Property or the Inns (the
"Contracts"), (2) all written leases of personal property located at, or used
in the operation of, the Inns (the "Equipment Leases") to which Seller or
Manager is a party and (3) if any, all leases, subleases and other occupancy
agreements, which provide for the use or occupancy of space or facilities in
or relating to the Inns (the "Space Leases"). The Inns, Personal Property,
Plans, Books and Records, Intangibles, Additional Personalty, Contracts,
Equipment Leases and any such Space Leases are sometimes referred
to hereinafter collectively as the "Property".   ARTICLE II  Purchase
Price  --------------   2.1 Purchase Price. The purchase price for the
Property is ONE HUNDRED  -------------- NINETEEN MILLION DOLLARS
($119,000,000.00), subject to adjustment as described in Article XIII below
(the "Purchase Price"), which shall be payable on the Closing Date as
follows: (i) Purchaser shall assume the outstanding principal balance as of
the Closing Date of the loan made to Seller by Bank of America, N.A.
(together with the current holder of the Existing Debt, the "Lender") in the
original principal amount of FIFTY FIVE MILLION FIVE HUNDRED EIGHTY-
EIGHT THOUSAND DOLLARS ($55,588,000.00) pursuant to that certain Loan
Agreement (the "Loan Agreement") dated as of December 29, 1999 by and between
the Lender and Seller (the "Existing Debt"), which Existing Debt is secured
by the Inns, and (ii) an amount equal to the sum of the Purchase Price, with
the adjustments as described in Article XIII below, less the principal
balance as of the Closing  ---- Date of the Existing Debt and the amount of
the credit referred to in Section 2.3, shall be paid to Seller in cash on the
Closing Date by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Title
Company, as escrow agent (the "Escrow Agent"). All amounts on deposit as of
the Closing Date in the Improvement Reserve shall become the property of
Purchaser in consideration for the Purchase Price, without any
adjustment.   2.2 Allocation of Purchase Price. On or before the date that
is five (5)  ---------------------------- business days after the date
Purchaser makes its election pursuant to Section 14.7 hereof, the Purchase
Price shall be allocated among the Inns and various items of Personal
Property, and such allocation shall be attached hereto as Exhibit B. Seller
and Purchaser agree to file federal, state and local tax --------- returns
consistent with such allocations.   2.3 Deposit. Within one business day
after the date hereof, Purchaser  ------- shall deliver to the Escrow Agent
a deposit in the amount of ONE MILLION ONE   3   THOUSAND DOLLARS
($1,001,000.00) in immediately available funds. ONE MILLION DOLLARS
($1,000,000.00) of this amount (the "Initial Deposit") shall be deemed fully
earned and paid over to Seller as a nonrefundable deposit on May 31, 2001 if
this Agreement is not terminated on or before May 31, 2001. The amount
of Purchaser\'s initial cash deposit with the Escrow Agent pursuant to this
Section 2.3, together with all accrued interest thereon, less the amount of
the Initial Deposit, is referred to in this Agreement as the "Deposit." The
Initial Deposit and the Deposit are referred to herein collectively as the
"DEPOSITS". In the event that Purchaser proceeds with the Closing, the full
amount of the DEPOSITS shall be credited towards Purchaser\'s obligation to
pay the cash portion of the Purchase Price. If the Closing does not occur for
any reason, the Deposit shall be paid over to Seller. The Escrow Agent shall
hold the DEPOSITS in accordance with escrow instructions executed by Seller,
Purchaser and the Escrow Agent (the "Escrow Instructions") substantially in
the form attached hereto as Exhibit C.  ---------   ARTICLE III  Seller\'s
Representations, Warranties and Covenants 
--------------------------------------------------   In order to induce
Purchaser to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby, Seller represents and warrants to, and covenants with,
Purchaser as follows:   3.1 Good Standing. Seller is a limited liability
company duly organized,  ------------- validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the State of Delaware, is authorized to conduct the
business in which it is now engaged, and is duly qualified and in good
standing in Delaware and in all states where the ownership of its assets or
the conduct of its business makes such qualification necessary.   3.2 Title.
Seller has (a) good and marketable leasehold title to the  ----- Meriden
Parcel and good and marketable title to the Improvements located thereon and
(b) good and marketable fee simple title to the other Inns, in each
case subject only to Permitted Exceptions. The Meriden Lease (as defined in
Section 9.7 hereof) is in full force and effect and Seller is not aware, and
has not received any notice, of any default thereunder. Seller has provided a
true and complete copy of the Meriden Lease to Purchaser. Seller owns or
leases under valid equipment leases all items of tangible Personal Property
used in connection with the operation of the Inns as currently operated. None
of the items of tangible Personal Property used in the operation of the Inns
are owned by the Manager or any other third party, except for the ownership
interest of the lessor in items of Personal Property that are leased by
Seller in connection with the operation of the Inns.   3.3 Due
Authorization. The execution, delivery and performance of this 
----------------- Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by all requisite
limited liability company actions of Seller, none of which actions have been
modified or rescinded, and all of which   4   actions are in full force
and effect. This Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of
Seller, enforceable against Seller in accordance with its terms.   3.4 No
Violations or Defaults. The execution, delivery and performance of 
------------------------- this Agreement and all other documents, instruments
and agreements to be executed and delivered pursuant to this Agreement (the
"Closing Documents") by Seller and the consummation by Seller of the
transactions contemplated hereby will not (a) to the knowledge of Seller,
violate any law or any order of any court or governmental authority with
proper jurisdiction; (b) result in a material breach or default under any
contract or other binding commitment of Seller or any provision of the
organizational documents of Seller; or (c) require any consent or approval or
vote that has not been taken or given, or as of the Closing Date shall not
have been taken or given.   3.5 Litigation. There are no actions, suits,
arbitrations, governmental  ---------- investigations or other proceedings
pending or, to the knowledge of Seller, threatened against Seller or
affecting the Property (or any material portion thereof) before any court or
governmental authority, an adverse determination of which might adversely
affect (a) the financial condition or operations of Seller or any Inn, (b)
Seller\'s ability to enter into or perform this Agreement or (c) Seller\'s
title to the Property (or any material portion thereof).   3.6 Condemnation
Actions. To the knowledge of Seller, there are no 
-------------------- pending or threatened condemnation actions or special
assessments of any nature with respect to the Property or any part
thereof.   3.7 Contracts. All material Contracts known to Seller related to
the  --------- maintenance ownership, use, possession or operation of the
Property, other than the Management Agreement, the Equipment Leases and the
Space Leases (if any) are listed on Exhibit D attached hereto. Seller has
provided to Purchaser true and  --------- complete copies of all such
Contracts. To the knowledge of Seller, (a) all such Contracts are in full
force and effect, and (b) there are no defaults or events that with notice or
the passage of time, or both, would constitute a default by Seller under any
such Contract, nor by any other party thereto.   3.8 Equipment Leases. All
material Equipment Leases known to Seller to  ---------------- which Seller
or Manager is a party or any portion of the Property is subject are listed on
Exhibit E attached hereto. Seller has provided to Purchaser true and 
--------- complete copies of all such Equipment Leases. To the knowledge of
Seller, (a) all such Equipment Leases are in full force and effect, and (b)
there are no defaults or events that with notice or the passage of time or
both, would constitute a default by Seller under any such Equipment Lease,
nor by any other party thereto.   3.9 Management and Franchise Agreements;
Loan Agreement. (a) There are no 
--------------------------------------------------- existing management
contracts or franchise agreements relating to   5   the Property other
than that certain Management Agreement by and between Seller and the Manager,
dated as of December 29, 1999, as affected by (1) that certain letter
agreement dated December 29, 1999 by and between Seller, Manager
and Crestline Capital Corporation ("Crestline"), (2) that certain letter
agreement dated December 29, 1999 by and between Crestline and Manager, and
(3) that certain letter agreement dated September 11, 2000 by and between
Seller, Crestline and Manager (collectively, the "Management Agreement"). The
Management Agreement is in full force and effect and has not been further
amended, and there are no defaults or events that with notice or the passage
of time, or both, would constitute a default by Seller or Crestline under the
Management Agreement, nor, to the knowledge of Seller, by Manager thereunder.
The amount of owner\'s investment (which under the Management Agreement is
defined as Contributed Capital) used in the calculation of the Contingent
Management Fee under the Management Agreement is $59,910,270.00 as of April
20, 2001.   (b) The Loan Agreement is in full force and effect and has not
been further amended, and there are no defaults or events that with notice or
the passage of time, or both, would constitute a default by Seller or
Crestline under the Loan Agreement, nor, to the knowledge of Seller, by
Lender thereunder. The Replacement Reserve Account, the Tax and Insurance
Reserve Account, the Debt Service Reserve Account and any Immediate Repair
Escrow Account (each such term as defined in the Loan Agreement) maintained
by the Lender are fully funded as required by the Loan Agreement, and no Debt
Service Sweep Event (as defined in the Loan Agreement) has occurred during
the term of the Loan Agreement. As of April 20, 2001, the amount held in the
Immediate Repair Escrow Account equaled $394,467.00.   (c) The Improvement
Reserve required to be maintained by Seller pursuant to the Management
Agreement is fully funded, as required thereby. As of April 20, 2001, the
amount held in the Improvement Reserve, after deduction of all amounts
advanced by the Manager on behalf of Seller and not yet repaid to the Manager
from the Improvement Reserve, equaled $1,594,214.00.   3.10 Space Leases.
All material Space Leases known to Seller to which  ------------ Seller or
Manager is a party or any portion of the Property is subject are listed on
Exhibit F attached hereto. To the knowledge of Seller, (a) all such 
--------- Space Leases are in full force and effect, and (b) there are no
defaults or events that with notice or the passage of time or both, would
constitute a default by Seller under any such Space Leases, nor by any other
party thereto.   3.11 Permits. To the knowledge of Seller, all material
licenses  ------- (including, without limitation, liquor licenses),
certificates of occupancy, permits and approvals required to be issued by any
governmental authority or any third party and used in or necessary to the
operation of the Inns as fully functioning limited-service hotels (the
"Permits") have been obtained and are in full force and effect. To the  
6   knowledge of Seller, each such Permit is listed on Exhibit G attached
hereto,  --------- and Seller has provided to Purchaser true and complete
copies of each such Permit.   3.12 Sufficiency of Inventories. To the
knowledge of Seller, the  -------------------------- quantities of FFandE;,
Inventories, and Fixed Asset Supplies in the Inns, including the provisions
for reserves, are sufficient for the operation of the Inns in accordance with
the standard of operation heretofore maintained by Seller and the
Manager.   3.13 Compliance with Laws. Seller has not received any written
notice of  -------------------- any violation of applicable law in
connection with the use and operation of any of the Inns.   3.14
Environmental Matters. Seller has not received any written notice of 
--------------------- the presence or release of any substance that is
regulated under any Environmental Laws as a pollutant, contaminant or toxic,
radioactive or otherwise hazardous substance, including petroleum, its
derivatives or byproducts and other hydrocarbons (collectively and
individually, "Hazardous Substances") that would cause any of the Inns to be
in violation of any applicable Environmental Laws and that remains uncured,
nor has Seller received written notice that any Inn is not in compliance with
applicable Environmental Laws. Except as otherwise disclosed in the
environmental reports described on Exhibit H, to the knowledge of Seller (i)
there are no Hazardous Substances --------- located at, on or under any Inn
(except ordinary quantities of cleaning and maintenance supplies and other
materials used in the ordinary course of the operation of the Inns that are
handled in compliance with applicable Environmental Laws) and (ii) no
Hazardous Substances have leaked, escaped or been discharged, emitted or
otherwise released from the Land underlying any Inn onto any adjoining
properties. For the purposes of this Section, "Environmental Laws" means any
and all statutes, laws, regulations and rules in effect on the date hereof
relating to the protection of the environment or to the use, transportation
and disposal of Hazardous Substances.   3.15 "As-Is, Where-Is" Sale;
Limitation on Seller\'s Representations and 
------------------------------------------------------------------ Warranties.
(a) PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT, EXCEPT FOR
SUCH ---------- REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES CONCERNING SELLER\'S TITLE TO
THE PROPERTY OR THE PHYSICAL CONDITION OR OPERATIONS OF THE PROPERTY AS ARE
EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN THE OTHER CLOSING DOCUMENTS, THE
PROPERTY IS SOLD "AS-IS - WHERE-IS," AND NEITHER SELLER NOR ANY AGENT NOR
REPRESENTATIVE OF SELLER HAS MADE, AND SELLER IS NOT LIABLE FOR OR BOUND IN
ANY MANNER BY, ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, GUARANTIES, PROMISES,
STATEMENTS, INDUCEMENTS, REPRESENTATIONS OR INFORMATION PERTAINING TO THE
PROPERTY, THE PHYSICAL CONDITION, OPERATION OR FINANCIAL VIABILITY OF ALL OR
ANY PART THEREOF, THE INCOME AND EXPENSES ATTRIBUTABLE OR LIKELY TO BE
ATTRIBUTABLE THERETO, THE USES WHICH CAN BE MADE   7   OF ALL OR ANY
PART OF THE PROPERTY OR ANY OTHER MATTER OR THING OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT
THERETO OR TO THE MARKETS IN WHICH THE INNS ARE LOCATED. WITHOUT LIMITING THE
FOREGOING, PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET
FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT OR THE CLOSING DOCUMENTS, SELLER IS NOT LIABLE FOR OR
BOUND BY (AND PURCHASER HAS NOT RELIED UPON) ANY VERBAL OR
WRITTEN STATEMENTS, REPRESENTATIONS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OR OTHER
INFORMATION OF ANY KIND SUPPLIED BY OR ON BEHALF OF SELLER AND PERTAINING TO
THE INNS OR ANY OTHER INFORMATION RESPECTING THE INNS FURNISHED BY SELLER OR
ANY EMPLOYEE, AGENT, CONSULTANT OR OTHER PERSON REPRESENTING OR PURPORTEDLY
REPRESENTING SELLER. PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED TO BE
OPERATIVE, THE DISCLAIMERS OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES CONTAINED IN
THIS SECTION ARE "CONSPICUOUS" DISCLAIMERS FOR PURPOSES OF ANY APPLICABLE
LAW, RULE, REGULATION OR ORDER. PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT IS EXPERIENCED
IN THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND OPERATION OF PROPERTY OF THE TYPE COVERED BY
THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT ITS DECISION TO ENTER INTO THIS CONTRACT AND TO
PURCHASE THE PROPERTY FOLLOWING ITS INVESTIGATION THEREOF DURING THE
FEASIBILITY PERIOD) IS AND WILL BE BASED ON ITS OWN DUE DILIGENCE AND ITS OWN
EXPERT EVALUATION OF THE CONDITION AND OPERATION OF THE PROPERTIES AND THEIR
SUITABILITY FOR PURCHASER\'S PURPOSES.   (b) EXCEPT FOR SUCH REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES CONCERNING SELLER\'S TITLE TO THE PROPERTY OR THE PHYSICAL
CONDITION OR OPERATIONS OF THE PROPERTY AS ARE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS
AGREEMENT OR IN THE CLOSING DOCUMENTS, AS PART OF PURCHASER\'S AGREEMENT TO
PURCHASE AND ACCEPT THE INNS "AS-IS-WHERE-IS" AND NOT AS A LIMITATION ON SUCH
AGREEMENT, PURCHASER HEREBY UNCONDITIONALLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES AND
RELEASES ANY AND ALL ACTUAL OR POTENTIAL RIGHTS PURCHASER MIGHT HAVE
REGARDING ANY FORM OF WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF ANY KIND OR TYPE,
RELATING TO THE PROPERTY. SUCH WAIVER AND RELEASE IS ABSOLUTE, UNCONDITIONAL,
IRREVOCABLE, COMPLETE, TOTAL AND UNLIMITED IN ANY WAY. SUCH WAIVER AND
RELEASE INCLUDES, BUT IS NOT LIMITED TO, A WAIVER AND RELEASE OF EXPRESS
WARRANTIES, IMPLIED WARRANTIES, WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, WARRANTIES OF
HABITABILITY, STRICT LIABILITY RIGHTS AND CLAIMS OF EVERY KIND AND TYPE,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED, TO CLAIMS REGARDING DEFECTS WHICH WERE NOT OR ARE
NOT NOW APPARENT OR   8   DISCOVERABLE, PRODUCT LIABILITY CLAIMS, PRODUCT
LIABILITY TYPE CLAIMS, ANY RIGHTS AND CLAIMS RELATING TO OR ATTRIBUTABLE TO
ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITIONS, AND ALL OTHER CLAIMS OR RIGHTS OF ANY KIND BASED ON
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR BASED ON PRINCIPLES OF STRICT LIABILITY,
WHETHER NOW EXTANT OR HEREAFTER CREATED OR CONCEIVED.   Seller\'s Initials
Purchaser\'s Initials   ---------------------- ------------------------  
3.16 Financial Information. Seller has previously delivered to Purchaser 
--------------------- operating statements for the Inns prepared by the
Manager for fiscal years 1998, 1999 and 2000 and the period ending April 20,
2001 (collectively, the "Financial Statements"). To the knowledge of Seller,
all such information has been prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles applied consistently with past practices and fairly
presents the results of operations of the Inns for the periods represented
thereby, and has been relied upon by Seller in the ordinary course of
business of the operation of the Inns.   3.17 Solvency. Seller is not
insolvent within the meaning of Title 11 of  -------- the United States
Code, as amended (the "Bankruptcy Code"), nor has it ceased to pay its debts
as they become due. Seller has not filed or taken any action to file a
voluntary petition, case or proceeding under any section or chapter of the
Bankruptcy Code, or under any similar law or statute of the United States
or any state thereof, relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
winding up or composition or adjustment of its debts; and no such petition,
case or proceeding has been filed against it which has not been dismissed,
vacated or stayed on appeal; and it has not been adjudicated as a bankrupt or
insolvent or consented to, nor filed an answer admitting or failing
reasonably to contest an allegation of bankruptcy or insolvency. Seller has
not sought, or consented to or acquiesced in, the appointment of any
receiver, trustee, liquidator or other custodian of it or a material part of
its assets, and has not made or taken any action to make a general assignment
for the benefit of creditors or an arrangement, attachment or execution has
been levied and no tax lien or other governmental or similar lien has been
filed, against it or a material part of its properties, which has not been
duly and fully discharged prior to the date hereof.   3.18 Employees.
Seller has no employees. All employees employed  --------- exclusively at
the Inns are the employees of Manager. To the knowledge of Seller, there are
no (i) unions organized at any Inn, no union organizing attempt, strikes,
organized work stoppage or slow down, or any other labor dispute pending with
respect to any of the employees at any Inn, or (ii) collective bargaining or
other labor agreements to which Seller or Manager or any Inn is bound with
respect to any employees employed by Manager with regard to any Inn.  
9    3.19 Knowledge. Any and all references in this Agreement to the 
--------- "knowledge" of Seller, to things "known" to Seller or any similar
phrases or references, shall mean the actual and present knowledge, after
making due inquiry of the Manager and the appropriate executive employees at
each Inn (i.e. the General Manager, Chief Engineer, if any, and the
Controller of such Inn), of Larry K. Harvey, Senior Vice President and
Controller of Crestline, Tracy M. J. Colden, Senior Vice President and
General Counsel of Crestline and Phillip Borkowski, Director, Asset
Management for Crestline (collectively the "Seller Knowledge Individual").
Neither the actual, present knowledge of any other individual or entity, nor
the constructive knowledge of the Seller Knowledge Individual or of any other
individual or entity shall be imputed to the Seller Knowledge Individual.  
ARTICLE IV  Purchaser\'s Representations, Warranties and Covenants 
-----------------------------------------------------   In order to induce
Seller to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby, Purchaser represents and warrants to, and covenants
with, Seller as follows:   4.1 Good Standing. Purchaser is a corporation
duly organized, validly  ------------- existing and in good standing under
the laws of Virginia, is authorized to conduct the business in which it is
now engaged and is, or as of the Closing Date shall be, qualified to do
business in Virginia and in all states where the ownership of its assets or
the conduct of its business makes such qualification necessary.   4.2 Due
Authorization. The execution, delivery and performance of this 
----------------- Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by all requisite
corporate actions of Purchaser (none of which actions have been modified or
rescinded, and all of which actions are in full force and effect). This
Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of Purchaser,
enforceable against Purchaser in accordance with its terms.   4.3 No
Violations or Defaults. The execution, delivery and performance of 
------------------------- this Agreement and the Closing Documents by
Purchaser and the consummation by Purchaser of the transactions contemplated
hereby will not (a) to the knowledge of Purchaser, violate any law or any
order of any court or governmental authority with proper jurisdiction; (b)
result in a material breach or default under any contract or other binding
commitment of Purchaser or any provision of the organizational documents of
Purchaser; or (c) require any consent or approval or vote that has not been
taken or given, or as of the Closing Date shall not have been taken or
given.   4.4 Litigation. There are no actions, suits, arbitrations,
governmental  ---------- investigations or other proceedings pending or, to
the knowledge of Purchaser,   10   threatened against Purchaser before
any court or governmental authority, an adverse determination of which might
adversely affect (a) the financial condition or operations of Purchaser or
(b) Purchaser\'s ability to enter into or perform this Agreement.   ARTICLE
V  Closing  -------   5.1 Closing. The consummation of the purchase and
sale of the Property  ------- as contemplated by this Agreement (the
"Closing") shall take place at the offices of Hogan and Hartson L.L.P., 555
13th Street N.W., Washington, D.C. on the date (the "Closing Date") that
coincides with the end of the Accounting Period (as defined in the Management
Agreement) in which the Lender grants its consent to the transfer and
assumption of the Existing Debt and other matters contemplated by Sections
2.1, 7.4 and 8.3 hereof, but in no event later than August 31, 2001, unless
Seller and Purchaser mutually agree on an alternative date or alternative
location. If the Closing does not occur for any reason by August 31, 2001,
the provisions of Sections 7.9, 8.8 and/or Article X hereof shall apply, as
applicable. All of Seller and Purchaser\'s deliveries, the cash payment of
the Purchase Price and sufficient additional cash necessary for the parties
to pay the costs contemplated by Section 5.2 shall be delivered in escrow to
the Escrow Agent. All transactions at the Closing shall be interdependent and
are to be considered simultaneous, so that none are effective until all are
effective.   5.2 Costs. Seller and Purchaser each agree to pay fifty percent
(50%) of  ----- all (i) transfer and recording taxes and fees connected with
the transfer of the Property and the recordation or registration of the
Deeds, assignments of lease or other instruments of title, (ii) fees of the
Escrow Agent in connection with the Escrow Instructions and (iii) bulk sales
taxes and other personal property taxes associated with the Closing, if any.
Purchaser shall pay for the costs and premiums of title insurance, including,
without limitation, the costs and expenses of all endorsements thereto, all
surveys of the Inns prepared for the Closing and all environmental and
engineering reports. Purchaser shall pay any fees relating to or in
connection with the assumption or transfer of the Existing Debt from Seller
to Purchaser (including, without limitation, the payment of the assumption
fee under the Loan Agreement, the Lender\'s attorneys\' fees reasonably
related to the assignment and assumption of the Existing Debt, to the extent
payable by the Borrower under the Loan Agreement, the costs and expenses of
the Lender\'s due diligence review, to the extent payable by the Borrower
under the Loan Agreement, and the costs of preparing or recording amendments
to the mortgages and UCC filings affecting the Property, including any
applicable transfer, mortgage or recording fees or taxes, but excluding
the costs of Seller\'s counsel, if any, relating to the assignment and
assumption of the Existing Debt). If and to the extent not waived by Manager,
Purchaser shall pay any and all sums required to be paid in connection with
the transactions contemplated hereby pursuant to Section 5.03 of the
Management   11   Agreement. Except as otherwise provided for herein,
each party shall pay its own accountants and attorneys\' fees incurred in
connection with the preparation, negotiation and execution of this Agreement
and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.   ARTICLE
VI  Actions Pending Closing; Feasibility Period 
-------------------------------------------   6.1 Conduct of Business;
Maintenance and Operation of Property. Between 
---------------------------------------------------------- the Contract Date
and the Closing Date, Seller shall continue to carry on the business of the
Inns as currently conducted and consistent with prior practice, and in
compliance in all material respects with the terms and conditions of
the Management Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
Seller shall:   (i) Cause the Property to be maintained in its present
order and condition, normal wear and tear excepted and casualties of the kind
that do not give Purchaser the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to
Section 12.2 hereof, so that the Property shall, except for normal wear and
tear, be in substantially the same condition on the Closing Date as on the
Contract Date;   (ii) Use reasonable efforts to (A) maintain, or cause to
be maintained, the present level of insurance with respect to the Inns in
full force and effect until the Closing Date, and (B) remain in compliance in
all material respects with the Meriden Lease;   (iii) To the extent that
Seller has received written notice of any litigation, arbitration, or
administrative hearing before any court or governmental agency concerning or
affecting any Inn which is instituted or threatened after the Contract Date,
advise Purchaser promptly of such litigation, arbitration or administrative
hearing;   (iv) Not take, or omit to take, any action that would have
the effect of violating any of the covenants or agreements of Seller
contained in this Agreement in any material respect; or   (v) Pay or cause
to be paid all taxes, assessments and other impositions levied or assessed on
the Inns or any part thereof prior to the date on which the payment thereof
is delinquent, and comply with all federal, state, and municipal laws,
ordinances, regulations, and orders relating to the Inns; provided, however,
that Seller shall have the right to contest such taxes, --------
------- assessments or other impositions in accordance with applicable
law.   6.2 Title Insurance. (a) Seller shall cooperate with Purchaser in 
--------------- obtaining, at Purchaser\'s sole cost, a binding commitment
for an owner\'s policy of   12   title insurance (the "Title
Commitments") relating to each of the Inns to be issued by LandAmerica Title
Insurance Company or other title insurance company reasonably acceptable to
Purchaser and Lender (the "Title Company"), committing to insure Purchaser\'s
good and marketable (a) leasehold interest to the Meriden Parcel (and its
ownership interest in the Improvements located thereon) and (b) fee simple
title to the other Inns. The Title Policies shall show no liens, mortgages,
deeds of trust, security interests, pledges, charges, options, encroachments,
easements, covenants, leases, reservations or restrictions of any kind (the
"Encumbrances") other than (i) the liens securing solely the Existing Debt,
(ii) applicable zoning regulations and ordinances, (iii) liens for
taxes, assessments and governmental charges not yet due and payable and (iv)
the Permitted Exceptions.   (b) At or before 6:00 p.m. (Bethesda, Maryland
time) on May 22, 2001 (the period between the date hereof and such time being
the "Title Review Period"), Purchaser agrees to notify Seller in writing of
any objections to exceptions appearing in the Title Commitments or, except
with respect to the Hapeville Parcel and the Meriden Parcel, matters
appearing on the Surveys that, in each case, could reasonably be expected to
materially and adversely affect the ability of Purchaser\'s lessee or manager
to continue to operate the affected Inn or Inns as Residence Inn by Marriott
hotel properties. On or before 6:00 p.m. (Bethesda, Maryland time) on June 8,
2001 (the period between the date hereof and such time being the "Special
Survey Review Period"), the Purchaser agrees to notify the Seller of any
matters affecting the Inns located on the Hapeville Parcel and the Meriden
Parcel that are reflected on the Surveys obtained by Purchaser for those
Parcels and that were not shown on the survey of such Parcels previously
delivered to Purchaser and that could reasonably be expected to materially
and adversely affect the ability of the Purchaser\'s lessee or manager to
continue to operate such Inns as Residence Inn by Marriott hotel properties.
Within five (5) business days following Seller\'s receipt of
the notifications contemplated by the first and second sentences,
respectively, of this Section 6.2(b), Seller shall notify Purchaser that (a)
it will, prior to the Closing Date, eliminate or correct (or commit in
writing to eliminate or correct) the matters to which Purchaser has objected
pursuant to this Section 6.2, as described in such notifications, or (b) it
declines to eliminate or correct the specified matters (or some combination
of the foregoing, specifying the matters Seller agrees to eliminate or
correct and those it does not). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Seller shall
be obligated to eliminate, or cause the Title Company to insure Purchaser, at
no cost or expense to Purchaser, against loss by reason of, any monetary
lien(s) affecting any of the Inns up to a sum of $50,000.00 for any
individual Inn or $250,000.00 in the aggregate for all of the Inns
collectively, whichever is less, excluding liens created by Purchaser. If
Seller commits in writing to take such actions as may be required to correct
such matters or as may be required by the Title Company to remove
all exceptions to title to which Purchaser has reasonably and timely
objected, then Purchaser shall have no right to terminate this Agreement
pursuant to this Section 6.2(b). If Seller elects not to take such actions,
Purchaser may terminate this Agreement in its sole discretion by providing
written notice to Seller within five (5)   13   business days after
Purchaser\'s receipt of the notice of Seller\'s election, whereupon the
DEPOSITS (less and except the Initial Deposit to the extent that the Initial
Deposit may have become fully earned pursuant to Section 2.3 hereof) shall be
returned to Purchaser. If Seller agrees to take all such actions, or
if Purchaser subsequently elects to accept any matters which Seller has
declined to eliminate or correct and continue this Agreement, Purchaser and
Seller shall, before the end of the five (5) business day period described in
the immediately preceding sentence, initial a list of all title exceptions
that Purchaser agrees to accept (the "Permitted Exceptions"), which list
shall be attached hereto as Exhibit I. ---------   6.3 Survey. Seller
shall cooperate with Purchaser in obtaining, at  ------ Purchaser\'s sole
cost, an as-built survey of each of the Inns (the "Surveys"), certified to
Purchaser, Purchaser\'s lender and the Title Company by a land surveyor or
professional engineer. Purchaser shall be responsible for ensuring that such
Surveys are ordered in time so that they can be received and reviewed by
Purchaser prior to the end of the Title Review Period (or, in the case of
the Inns located on the Hapeville Parcel and the Meriden Parcel, by the end
of the Special Survey Review Period).   6.4 No Action. Between the Contract
Date and the Closing Date, Seller  --------- shall not take or permit any
action that would invalidate, void or make untrue any representation or
warranty provided under this Agreement. If any event occurs prior to Closing
that would cause any of Seller\'s representations or warranties to become
untrue, Seller shall notify Purchaser immediately in writing of such
occurrence.   6.5 Cooperation. Seller shall cooperate with Purchaser in
securing any  ----------- necessary transfer or issuance of any Permits,
including, without limitation, any liquor licenses that are currently held in
the name of Seller, to Purchaser (or to Purchaser\'s lessee or manager on
behalf of Purchaser) promptly following the Closing Date. Seller shall
cooperate with Purchaser in registering in Purchaser\'s name the registered
portion of the Tewksbury Land with the Land Court in Boston. Prior to the
Closing Date, Seller shall (at its own expense, except with respect to the
Lender\'s consent to the assumption of the Existing Debt by Purchaser) use
reasonable efforts and cooperate with Purchaser to obtain all third party
consents and approvals required in order for Purchaser to purchase the
Property and to assume the Existing Debt. Purchaser shall use
its commercially reasonable best efforts to obtain the Lender\'s consent to
the assumption of the Existing Debt.   6.6 Inspection and Access;
Feasibility Period. (a) Purchaser shall have 
----------------------------------------- the right, at its own risk, cost
and expense and at any date or dates prior to Closing, to enter, or cause its
agents or representatives to enter, upon the Inns at any reasonable time and
upon reasonable prior notice to Seller and Manager, for the purpose of making
surveys or other tests, inspections, investigations and/or studies of all or
any part of the Property. In addition, Purchaser may, at its own risk,
cost   14   and expense, conduct such architectural, environmental,
economic and other studies of the Property as Purchaser may, in its sole
discretion, deem desirable. Purchaser shall not make any physical alterations
to the Property or any invasive tests. Purchaser shall conduct, and ensure
that each of its agents, employees, contractors or representatives conducts,
each such entry in a manner that does not unreasonably interfere with the
guests or management of the Inns; and Purchaser shall indemnify and hold
Seller harmless from any and all claims, damages, demands, penalties, causes
of action, liabilities, losses, costs or expenses (including, without
limitation, reasonable attorneys\' fees and other charges) to the extent
arising out of or in any way related to personal injury (including death),
property damage, disruptions of operations, nuisance or other claims asserted
by any person or entity relating to the acts or omissions of Purchaser, or
its agents, employees, contractors or representatives (other than Manager) in
the course of any such entry or inspection of the Inns. The foregoing
indemnity shall survive Closing or any termination of this Agreement. Subject
to the provisions of the Management Agreement, Purchaser shall
have reasonable access to all Plans, Records and other files,
documentation, agreements and other information in the possession or control
of Seller or Seller\'s agents related to the design, construction, ownership,
operation, management, use and occupancy of the Property and shall have the
right to inspect and/or make copies of same. If Purchaser elects to terminate
this Agreement pursuant to Section 6.6(b), upon payment to Purchaser of fifty
percent (50%) of the costs incurred by Purchaser in procuring any tests,
studies or investigations of the Property, Purchaser agrees to supply Seller
with copies thereof.   (b) If, at or before 6:00 p.m. Bethesda, Maryland
time on May 21, 2001 (the "Feasibility Period"), Purchaser gives Seller
written notification (the "Termination Notice") that Purchaser elects, in its
sole and absolute discretion, not to consummate the purchase of the Property
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (or if, for the reasons
described in Section 6.2(b) hereof, such notification is given at or before
6:00 p.m. Bethesda, Maryland time on the date that is five (5) business days
after Purchaser\'s receipt of the notice of Seller\'s election not to take
such actions as may be required by the Title Company to remove the exceptions
to title to which Purchaser has reasonably objected), this Agreement shall
terminate, whereupon the DEPOSITS (less and except the Initial Deposit to the
extent that the Initial Deposit has become fully earned pursuant to Section
2.3 hereof) shall be returned to Purchaser and neither party shall have any
further liability to the other under this Agreement except as otherwise
specifically provided herein. In the event that (i) the Termination Notice is
not provided to Seller by the end of the Feasibility Period, or (ii) Seller
elects to take such actions as may be required by the Title Company to remove
the exceptions to title to which Purchaser has reasonably objected, Purchaser
shall have been deemed to have elected to proceed hereunder and this
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.   15    6.7 Access to
Financial Information. Purchaser\'s representatives shall 
------------------------------- have access to all of Seller\'s financial and
other information relating to the Inns to the extent necessary to enable
Purchaser\'s representatives to prepare audited financial statements in
conformity with Regulation S-X of the Securities and Exchange Commission and
to enable them to prepare a registration statement, report or disclosure
statement for filing with the SEC on behalf of Purchaser. Seller shall also
provide to Purchaser\'s representative a signed representation letter in form
and substance reasonably acceptable to Seller sufficient to enable an
independent public accountant to render an opinion on the
financial statements related to the Inns. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained herein, Seller and Purchaser acknowledge and agree that
Seller shall consent, at Purchaser\'s election, to allowing Seller\'s
accountants to assist Purchaser with the preparation of such documents,
provided that Purchaser shall be responsible for any costs or expenses
associated with such assistance.   ARTICLE VII  Conditions Precedent to
Purchaser\'s Obligations at Closing 
----------------------------------------------------------   It shall be an
express precondition to Purchaser\'s obligation to purchase the Property that
each and every one of the following conditions shall have been satisfied as
of the Closing Date (or waived in writing by Purchaser).   7.1
Representations and Warranties. Each of Seller\'s representations and 
------------------------------ warranties shall be true and accurate in all
material respects as if made on and as of the Closing Date. There shall be no
Contracts, Equipment Leases or Space Leases not disclosed on an Exhibit
hereto that, singularly or in the aggregate, would materially alter the
financial performance of the Inns from that disclosed in the financial
statements referred to in Section 3.16 hereof.   7.2 Covenants of Seller.
Seller shall have performed and complied in all 
------------------- material respects with all covenants and conditions
required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with at or prior to
the Closing Date.   7.3 Title. The Title Company shall be unconditionally
committed to issue  ----- to Purchaser an owner\'s (or, with respect to the
Meriden Parcel, a leasehold owner\'s) policy of title insurance for each Inn
in conformance with the Title Commitments, in the amount of the Purchase
Price allocable to such Inn as set forth on Exhibit B hereof, pursuant to the
standard stipulations and conditions  --------- of the most current form of
ALTA Policy (or local equivalent) then used in the state in which such Inn is
located (omitting those standard exceptions that are ordinarily and
customarily omitted in each state, so long as Seller provides the appropriate
affidavits or other documentation reasonably necessary for such omission
pursuant to Section 9.9 hereof), subject to the payment of the
premiums therefor and delivery of the documents specified in Section 9.9
below.   16    7.4 Assumption of Existing Debt. Lender shall have entered
into an agreement  --------------------------- with Purchaser and Seller, in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Purchaser, whereby (i)
Purchaser assumes the Existing Debt, as contemplated in Section 5.2 above,
(ii) Purchaser is permitted to lease the Inns to its designated lessee
pursuant to a lease providing for operation of the Inns by lessee and
management of the Inns by Manager, and (iii) Lender confirms that (x) the
Loan Agreement is in full force and effect and has not been further
amended, (y) that there are no defaults or events that with notice or the
passage of time, or both, would constitute a default by Seller or Crestline
under the Loan Agreement, and (z) the Replacement Reserve Account, the Tax
and Insurance Reserve Account, the Debt Service Reserve Account and any
Immediate Repair Escrow Account (each such term as defined in the Loan
Agreement) maintained by the Lender are fully funded as required by the Loan
Agreement, no Debt Service Sweep Event has occurred and is continuing, and
such other information as Purchaser may reasonably request from Lender.
Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, in the event that the Lender does not
confirm the items listed in clauses (x) and (y) above, Seller shall have the
right, in lieu of such confirmation by Lender, to provide Purchaser with an
estoppel certificate confirming such items.   7.5 Waiver of Right of First
Refusal by Manager. Manager shall have waived 
------------------------------------------- its right of first refusal under
Section 18.01 of the Management Agreement with respect to the Inns.   7.6
Consent to Assignment of Management Agreement; Absence of Property 
------------------------------------------------------------------ Improvement
Plan Items. Manager shall have consented to the assignment of
the ---------------------- Management Agreement to Purchaser or Manager
shall have agreed to enter into a new management agreement with Purchaser on
substantially the same material terms and conditions as are contained in the
Management Agreement (mutatis mutandis). Manager shall have delivered a
letter certifying that there are no property improvement plan items that must
be undertaken in connection with the assignment of the Management Agreement
or in connection with entering into a new management agreement with Purchaser
on substantially the same material terms and conditions as are contained in
the Management Agreement (mutatis mutandis).   7.7 Consent of Meriden
Landlord. The Meriden Landlord shall have consented 
--------------------------- to the assignment of the Meriden Lease to
Purchaser, and (if required) the sublease of the Meriden Parcel by Purchaser
to its designated Lessee, and Seller shall have executed the Assignment of
Meriden Lease.   7.8 Seller Deliveries. Seller shall have delivered all of
the other  ----------------- documents required from it pursuant to Article
IX hereof.   17    7.9 Failure of Condition. In the event of the failure
of any condition  -------------------- precedent set forth in this Article
7, except a failure that results from the actions or inactions of Purchaser
in breach of this Agreement, or material adverse change in the financial
condition of Purchaser, Purchaser, at its sole election, may (i) terminate
this Agreement (and receive a return of the DEPOSITS (less and except the
Initial Deposit to the extent that the Initial Deposit has become fully
earned pursuant to Section 2.3 hereof)), (ii) waive the condition and proceed
to Closing or (iii) extend the Closing Date for such additional period of
time as may be reasonably required to allow Seller to remedy such failure;
provided, however, that in the event that any such condition is not  --------
------- satisfied and the transactions contemplated hereby are not
consummated solely as a result of the actions or inactions of Purchaser in
breach of this Agreement, or material adverse change in the financial
condition of Purchaser, then the DEPOSITS shall be forfeited to Seller as
full and complete liquidated damages, as Seller\'s sole and exclusive
remedy.   ARTICLE VIII  Conditions Precedent to Seller\'s Obligations at
Closing  -------------------------------------------------------   It shall
be an express precondition to Seller\'s obligation to sell the Property that
each and every one of the following conditions shall have been satisfied as
of the Closing Date (or waived in writing by Seller).   8.1 Representations
and Warranties. Each of Purchaser\'s representations and 
------------------------------ warranties shall be true and accurate in all
material respects as if made on and as of the Closing Date.    8.2
Existing Loan Assumption. Purchaser shall have entered into an 
------------------------ agreement with Seller and the Lender, in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to Seller, whereby Purchaser assumes all of
Seller\'s obligations and liabilities in connection with the Existing Debt,
and the Lender releases Seller from any liabilities with respect to the
Existing Debt from and after the Closing Date.   8.3 Lender Approval.
Seller shall have received written approval from the 
--------------- Lender, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
Seller, for the transfer of the Existing Debt, the Management Agreement and
the Meriden Lease from Seller to Purchaser. Purchaser shall have paid or
provided for payment of all costs associated with the transfer of such
Existing Debt from Seller to Purchaser that are required to be paid by
Purchaser pursuant to Section 5.2 hereof.   8.4 Waiver of Right of First
Refusal by Manager. Manager shall have waived 
------------------------------------------- its right of first refusal under
Section 18.01 of the Management Agreement with respect to the Inns.   8.5
Consent of Meriden Landlord. Meriden Landlord shall have 
---------------------------   18   consented to the assignment of the
Meriden Lease to Purchaser and agreed to release Seller from any liability
thereunder relating to the period from and after the Closing Date, and
Purchaser shall have executed the Assignment of Meriden Lease.   8.6
Termination of Liability under Management Contract; Absence of Property 
----------------------------------------------------------------------- Improvements
Plan Items. Manager shall have consented to the assignment of
the ----------------------- Management Agreement to Purchaser, or Manager
shall have agreed to enter into a new management agreement with Purchaser on
substantially the same material terms and conditions as are contained in the
Management Agreement (mutatis mutandis), and Manager shall have agreed to
release Seller from any liability under the Management Agreement or otherwise
with respect to the Inns relating to the period from and after the Closing
Date. Manager shall have delivered a letter certifying that there are no
property improvement plan items that must be completed in connection with the
assignment of the Management Agreement or in connection with entering into a
new management agreement with Purchaser on substantially the same material
terms and conditions as are contained in the Management Agreement (mutatis
mutandis).   8.7 Purchaser Deliveries. Purchaser shall have delivered all of
the other  -------------------- documents required from it pursuant to
Article IX hereof.   8.8 Failure of Condition. In the event of the failure
of any condition  -------------------- precedent set forth in this Article
8, except a failure that results from the actions or inactions of Seller in
breach of this Agreement, or a material adverse change in the financial
condition of Seller, Seller, at its sole election, may (i) terminate this
Agreement and the DEPOSITS (less and except the Initial Deposit to the extent
that the Initial Deposit has become fully earned pursuant to Section 2.3
hereof) shall be returned to Purchaser, (ii) waive the condition and proceed
to Closing or (iii) extend the Closing Date for such additional period of
time as may be reasonably required to allow such failure to be remedied;
provided, however, that in the event that any such condition is not  --------
------- satisfied and the transactions contemplated hereby are not
consummated solely as a result of the actions or inactions of Purchaser in
breach of this Agreement, or a material adverse change in the financial
condition of Purchaser, then the DEPOSITS (less and except the Initial
Deposit to the extent that the Initial Deposit has become fully earned
pursuant to Section 2.3 hereof) shall be forfeited to Seller as full and
complete liquidated damages, as Seller\'s sole and exclusive remedy.  
ARTICLE IX  Closing Deliveries  ------------------   9.1 Deed. Seller
shall deliver special warranty deeds (or local  ---- equivalents)
substantially in the form set forth on Exhibit J attached hereto 
--------- (individually, a "Deed" and collectively the "Deeds"), dated as of
the Closing Date, conveying to   19   Purchaser fee simple interest in
each of the Inns as required hereunder (except the Meriden Parcel), together
with such additional or alternative documentation as shall be necessary to
register the transfer of the portion of the Tewksbury Parcel that consists of
registered land.   9.2 Bills of Sale; Certificates of Title. Seller and
Purchaser (or its  ------------------------------------ designated Lessee)
shall each deliver two (2) duly executed counterparts (one for each party) of
the bills of sale and assignment and assumption of documents substantially in
the forms set forth on Exhibit K attached hereto (the "Bill of 
--------- Sale" or "Bills of Sale"), dated as of the Closing Date, conveying
to Purchaser or Purchaser\'s Lessee, as the case may be, the Personal
Property and assigning all of the applicable Permits, Contracts, Equipment
Leases and Space Leases, to the extent the foregoing are assignable, and also
conveying to Purchaser Seller\'s rights in the cash on deposit in the
Improvement Reserve.   9.3 FIRPTA Certificate. Seller shall deliver an
affidavit, dated as of the  ------------------ Closing Date, to establish
that Seller is not a foreign person for the purposes of the Foreign Investors
in Real Property Tax Act.   9.4 Assignment and Assumption of Meriden Lease.
Seller and Purchaser shall  ------------------------------------------ each
deliver two (2) duly executed counterparts (one for each party) of
an assignment and assumption of the Meriden Lease to Purchaser substantially
in the form set forth on Exhibit L attached hereto (the "Assignment of
Meriden Lease").  ---------   9.5 Assignment of Management Agreement. In
the event that Manager consents  ---------------------------------- to the
assignment of the Management Agreement, Seller and Purchaser shall
each deliver two (2) duly executed counterparts (one for each party) of an
assignment of the Management Agreement to Purchaser substantially in the form
set forth on Exhibit M attached hereto (the "Assignment of Management
Agreement"). ---------   9.6 Meriden Estoppel Certificate. Seller shall
deliver an estoppel  ---------------------------- certificate (the "Meriden
Estoppel") from Meriden Land Development Limited Partnership (the "Meriden
Landlord"), as landlord under that certain Land Lease dated as of April 15,
1988, between the Meriden Landlord, and Marriott Corporation, pertaining to
the Meriden Land, as amended by that certain First Amendment and Modification
to Land Lease dated September 15, 1988 by and between Marriott Corporation
and the Meriden Landlord, as further amended by that certain Second Amendment
to Land Lease dated October 24, 1988 by and between Marriott Corporation and
the Meriden Landlord, as further amended by that certain Third Amendment and
Modification to Land Lease dated November 21, 1991 by and between Marriott
Corporation and the Meriden Landlord, as assigned by that certain Assignment
and Assumption of Ground Lease and Deed to Improvements dated as of December
30, 1991 by and between Marriott Corporation   20   and Marriott
Residence Inn USA Limited Partnership, as further assigned by that certain
Assignment and Assumption of Land Lease and Deed to Improvements dated as of
December 29, 1999 by and between Marriott Residence Inn USA
Limited Partnership to Seller, and as further affected by that certain Ground
Lessor Estoppel and Agreement dated as of December 29, 1999 by and between
the Meriden Landlord and the Lender (the "Meriden Lease"), confirming that as
of a date not more than thirty (30) days prior to the Closing Date, (i) the
Meriden Lease is as described above, and has not been further amended, (ii)
all rental that has or will become due prior to October 16, 2013 has been
paid in full, and all other amounts required to be paid to the Meriden
Landlord prior to the date of certification have been paid in full, (iii) the
Meriden Landlord is not aware of any default under the Meriden Lease or any
event that with the passage of time or the giving of notice or both would
constitute a default thereunder and (iv) the Meriden Lease is in full force
and effect, and addressing such other matters as may reasonably be requested
by Purchaser.   9.7 Possession; Keys. Seller shall deliver possession of the
Property to  ---------------- Purchaser, together with all keys that are in
the possession of Seller, including, without limitation, keys or codes for
all security systems, rooms and offices.   9.8 Purchase Price. Purchaser
shall deliver the Purchase Price payable in  -------------- the manner
provided for in this Agreement.   9.9 Other Documents. Seller and Purchaser
shall deliver such other  --------------- documents and instruments as may
be reasonably requested by Seller, Purchaser or the Title Company to
effectuate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and to induce the
Title Company to insure title to the Inns as described herein, including but
not limited to affidavits in favor of the Title Company from Seller (i) that
it has not done or caused to be done any work on the Property that has not
been paid for and as to which mechanics\' liens may be filed against the
Property following Closing, (ii) as to parties in possession of the
Property under any Space Leases, and (iii) as otherwise reasonably required
by the Title Company to insure the "gap" between Closing and the recordation
of the Deeds.   ARTICLE X  Default  -------   10.1 Purchaser\'s Default.
If Purchaser fails to consummate the purchase  ------------------- and sale
contemplated herein after all conditions precedent to Purchaser\'s obligation
to do so have been satisfied or waived in writing by Purchaser, Escrow Agent
shall pay the Deposit to Seller in accordance with the Escrow Instructions,
as full and complete liquidated damages, and as the exclusive and sole right
and remedy of Seller, whereupon this Agreement shall terminate, and neither
party shall have any further obligations or liabilities to the other party
(except for such obligations and liabilities as expressly survive
the termination hereof).   21    10.2 Seller\'s Default. If Seller fails
to consummate the transaction in  ---------------- accordance with the terms
of this Agreement and Purchaser is otherwise willing and able to proceed as
contemplated hereunder, Purchaser shall be entitled to (i) have the Deposit
returned to Purchaser by the Escrow Agent in accordance with the Escrow
Instructions, whereupon this Agreement shall terminate, and neither party
shall have any further obligations or liabilities to the other party (except
for such obligations and liabilities as expressly survive the termination
hereof), or (ii) pursue such remedies against Seller as shall be permitted by
applicable law.    ARTICLE XI  Survival; Indemnification Obligations 
-------------------------------------   11.1 Generally. Except as otherwise
expressly provided herein, and except  --------- with respect to covenants
and agreements that this Agreement or the Closing Documents provide are to be
performed after Closing, the respective representations, warranties,
obligations, covenants and agreements of Seller and Purchaser contained
herein shall not survive the Closing, and no action may be brought on any
such representation, warranty, obligation, covenant or agreement.   11.2
Survival. The representations and warranties of Seller and Purchaser 
-------- contained herein shall survive Closing for a period of twelve (12)
months. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the
contrary, if on the Closing Date Purchaser has evidence (whether written or
otherwise; with the exception that any disclosures regarding the inaccuracy
of any of such representations or warranties that are made at Closing must be
in writing) that one or more of the representations and warranties made by
Seller is inaccurate as of the date made, and if Purchaser proceeds to
Closing anyway, Purchaser shall have no right or remedy after the Closing
with respect to such inaccuracy.   11.3 Agreement to Indemnify.
Notwithstanding any provisions of this  ---------------------- Agreement to
the contrary, (i) Seller shall hold harmless, indemnify and defend Purchaser,
its affiliates, successors and assigns, against any and all obligations,
claims, losses, damages, liabilities and expenses (including, without
limitation, reasonable attorneys\' fees and other legal expenses and other
charges, but specifically excluding any claims, losses, damages, liabilities
and expenses related or connected to, in any way, the payment obligations
pursuant to Section 5.03 of the Management Agreement) connected with the
ownership or operation of the Inns and relating to the period during
which Seller (or its affiliates) owns the Inns, including, without
limitation, actions or claims relating to damage to property or injury to or
death of any person during such period of ownership of the Inns by Seller (or
its affiliates), any claims for any debts or obligations occurring on or
about or in connection with the Inns or any portion thereof or with respect
to the Inns\' operations at any time during such period, or any claims for
any damages relating   22   to defaults under any Contracts, Equipment
Leases or Space Leases occurring during such period (whether or not such
Contracts, Equipment Leases or Space Leases relating to the Inns are
reflected on an Exhibit to this Agreement);, and (ii) Purchaser shall hold
harmless, indemnify and defend Seller, its affiliates, successors and
assigns, against any and all obligations, claims, losses, damages,
liabilities and expenses (including, without limitation,
reasonable attorneys\' fees and other charges) connected with the ownership
or operation of the Inns and relating to the period during which Purchaser
(or its affiliates) owns the Inns from and after the Closing Date, including,
without limitation, actions or claims relating to damage to property or
injury to or death of any person during such period of ownership of the Inns
by Purchaser (or its affiliates), any claims for any debts or obligations
occurring on or about the Inns or any portion thereof or with respect to the
Inns\' operations at any time during such period, or any claims for any
damages relating to defaults under any Contracts, Equipment Leases or Space
Leases occurring during such period (whether or not such Contracts, Equipment
Leases or Space Leases relating to the Inns are reflected on an Exhibit to
this Agreement). The foregoing indemnities shall survive the Closing.  
11.4 Indemnification Regarding Assumed Obligations. Whenever it is provided 
--------------------------------------------- in this Agreement that an
obligation of one party will be assumed by the other party on or after the
Closing, the party so assuming such liability also shall be deemed to have
agreed to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other party and its
affiliates, successors and assigns, from all claims, losses,
damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys\'
fees and other legal expenses and other charges) to the extent arising from
any failure of the assuming party to perform the obligation so assumed after
the Closing and from all third party claims brought against the other party
to the extent relating to the period from and after assumption of the
liability on which the claim is based.   11.5 Notice and Cooperation on
Indemnification. Whenever either party shall 
----------------------------------------- learn through the filing of a claim
or the commencement of a proceeding or otherwise of the existence of any
liability for which the other party is or may be responsible under this
Agreement, the party learning of such liability shall notify the other party
promptly and furnish such copies of documents (and make originals thereof
available) and such other information as such party may have that may be used
or useful in the defense of such claims and shall afford said other party
full opportunity to defend the same in the name of the notifying party and
generally shall cooperate with said other party in the defense of any such
claim. Upon receipt of such notice of possible liability, the party obligated
to provide indemnity shall have the right to provide a written notice to the
party entitled to indemnity that the indemnifying party elects to assume the
defense of such matter, including, without limitation, the employment
of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party; whereupon
the indemnifying party shall have the right to prosecute such defense and
shall be responsible for the payment of the fees and disbursements of such
counsel; provided, however, if in the reasonable judgment of the
indemnified -------- -------   23   party, (i) such litigation, action,
suit, demand, claim or the resolution thereof, would have a material adverse
effect on the indemnified party or (ii) the indemnifying party shall have a
conflict of interest in defending such action on the indemnified party\'s
behalf, then at the indemnified party\'s election, the indemnified party may
defend itself, and in either of such instances it shall be at the
indemnifying party\'s expense; provided, however,  -------- ------- that the
indemnifying party shall be responsible for the fees of no more than one
counsel in each jurisdiction in each proceeding. No indemnifying party
shall be responsible for any obligation, loss, cost, expense or other
liability to the extent that (a) the party entitled to indemnification failed
to provide prompt notice thereof to the indemnifying party and (b) such
obligation, loss, cost, expense or other liability could have been avoided if
prompt notice had been given.   ARTICLE XII  Casualty or Condemnation 
------------------------   12.1 Notice to Purchaser. Seller agrees to give
purchaser prompt notice of  ------------------- any fire or other casualty
estimated by Seller to cost more than TWENTY-FIVE THOUSAND DOLLARS
($25,000.00) to repair and occurring at the Inns between the Contract Date
and the Closing Date.   12.2 Condemnation, Casualty or Litigation. If, prior
to Closing, (i)  ------------------------------------ condemnation
proceedings are commenced against all or any material portion of at least
four (4) of the Inns, or (ii) if any one Inn is damaged by fire or
other casualty to the extent that the cost of repairing such damage shall be
ONE MILLION TWO HUNDRED FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS ($1,250,000.00) or more, then
either party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement by giving
written notice to the other party within fifteen (15) days after becoming
aware of the conditions that gave rise to the termination of this Agreement.
Upon such termination, the Deposit shall be returned immediately to
Purchaser, and neither party shall have any further liability to the other
hereunder. If any Inn is damaged but this Agreement is not terminated, the
Purchase Price shall not be reduced (except by an amount equal to Seller\'s
deductible under the fire or other casualty insurance), but Purchaser shall
be entitled to an assignment of all of Seller\'s share of the condemnation
award or the proceeds of any fire or other casualty insurance that has not
been applied to the restoration or repair of such damage and all rent
insurance proceeds (if any) payable with respect to such Inn relating to the
period after Closing and Seller shall have no obligation to repair or restore
the Property.   12.3 Risk of Loss. Subject to the provisions of this Article
XII, the risk  ------------ of loss or damage to the Property shall remain
with Seller until the unconditional delivery of the Deeds.    ARTICLE
XIII  Apportionments  --------------   24    13.1 Apportionments. The
following prorations or apportionments shall be  -------------- made between
the parties at the Closing as of 11:59 p.m. (local time for the Inn) on the
day immediately prior to the Closing Date (the "Apportionment Date").   (a)
real estate taxes, personal property taxes, special assessments, sewer rents,
and vault charges, if any, on the basis of the best available estimates for
the fiscal period for which assessed; provided, however, that in the event 
-------- ------- that the actual taxes for the year in which the Closing
occurs are more or less than such estimated amounts, Seller or Purchaser
shall promptly pay the amount necessary to adjust for the correct proration
as soon as the actual tax amounts become available;   (b) fuel oil in the
tank at the Inns, if any, (based upon invoice cost, first in, first out),
water and sewer service charges and charges for gas, electricity, telephone
and all other public utilities. If there are meters measuring the consumption
of water, gas or electric current, Seller, not more than one day prior to the
Apportionment Date, if possible, shall cause such meters to be read, and
shall pay all utility bills for which Seller is liable upon receipt of
statements therefor. Purchaser shall be responsible for causing such
utilities and services to be changed to its name and shall be liable for and
shall pay all utility bills for services rendered after the
Apportionment Date. All utility adjustments will be made by the parties
outside of Closing;   (c) amounts which have been paid or are payable under
the Contracts, Space Leases, Equipment Leases and Permits assigned to and
assumed by Purchaser at Closing;   (d) prepaid advertising expenses;  
(e) commissions of credit and referral organizations; and   (f) all other
Inn operating expenses, charges and fees customarily prorated and adjusted in
similar transactions.  In addition to the foregoing apportionments, (i)
Purchaser shall receive a credit on the settlement statement for the amount
of $750,000.00 as consideration for Purchaser\'s assumption of the payment
obligations pursuant to Section 5.03 of the Management Agreement and (ii)
Seller shall receive a credit on the settlement statement at Closing for the
amount of petty cash at the Inns on the Closing Date, the amount of working
capital on hand at the Inns (or maintained by the Manager with respect to the
Inns) and the amounts on deposit in all bank accounts and escrow accounts,
including, without limitation, any escrow or reserve accounts being
maintained in connection with the Existing Debt and/or the Management
Agreement, by or for the benefit of Seller with respect to the Inns; except
for the reserve account maintained pursuant to Section 7.02 of 
---------- the Management   25   Agreement and currently held by Bank of
America, N.A. (the "Improvement Reserve"), which Improvement Reserve shall
become the property of Purchaser at Closing without additional payment by
Purchaser. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Purchaser shall not pay an
additional amount for the Immediate Repair Reserve (as defined in the Loan
Agreement), and such reserve shall become the property of Purchaser at
Closing; provided, however, that to the extent that Purchaser  --------
------- becomes entitled to a return of any of the funds on deposit in such
reserve, Purchaser shall instruct the Lender to deliver such funds to Seller,
and in the event that Purchaser receives such funds instead, Purchaser shall
deliver the same to Seller within ten (10) days after the receipt of the
same.   13.2 Deposits. All deposits (including any interest thereon due the
party  -------- making such deposit) from guests or others made as security
or in connection with future services to be rendered shall be credited to
Purchaser at the Closing. Purchaser shall assume responsibility for all such
deposits credited to Purchaser and shall hold Seller harmless therefrom.  
13.3 Room Revenue; Other Revenues. (a) All revenues received or to be 
---------------------------- received from transient guests on account of
room rents for the period prior to and including the Apportionment Date shall
belong to Seller, and for the period beginning on the day immediately
following the Apportionment Date such revenues shall belong to Purchaser;
provided, however, that revenues received or "posted"  -------- ------- in
the normal course after the time Seller normally closes its front
desk activity for the "night" audit for the Apportionment Date (the "Front
Desk Closing Hour") shall belong to Purchaser. The accounts receivable of
registered guests at the Property who have not checked out and were occupying
rooms as of 12:01 a.m. on the Apportionment Date are collectively called the
"Current Ledger", and Purchaser shall pay over to Seller, promptly upon
receipt, Seller\'s share of the proceeds of the Current Ledger attributable
to payments of each guest\'s account for the period ending on and including
the Apportionment Date.   In the event that an amount less than the total
amount due from a guest is collected and the guest continued in occupancy
after the Apportionment Date, such amount shall be applied first to any
indebtedness owing by such person to Seller and thereafter to such person\'s
indebtedness to Purchaser. All rents under Space Leases, revenues under
booking agreements or other revenue contracts for rooms, facilities and
services of the Inns, any advanced deposits for reservations or under revenue
contracts, and all other charges and revenues for sales made or services
rendered and the operation of all departments of the Inns not otherwise
covered herein shall be prorated between Seller and Purchaser, with all
revenues for days prior to the Closing Date being retained by Seller and all
revenues for the Closing Date and days following the Closing Date accruing
for the benefit of Purchaser.   13.4 Accounts Receivable; Accounts Payable.
(a) Purchaser shall purchase  ------------------------------------- all
accounts receivable (other than the Current Ledger) originating not  
26   more than sixty (60) days prior to and including the Apportionment
Date. The purchase price for such accounts receivable shall not be included
in, and shall be in addition to, the Purchase Price. A list of all such
accounts receivable (other than the Current Ledger) shall be presented to and
be initialed by Purchaser and Seller at Closing. The purchase price for such
accounts receivable shall be an amount equal to 98.5% of the outstanding
amount of such account receivables as of the Closing Date.   (b) Any
indebtedness, accounts payable, liabilities or obligations of any kind or
nature related to Seller or the Property for the periods prior to
and including the Apportionment Date shall be paid out of amounts due to
Seller at Closing against any invoices in hand, or retained and promptly paid
by Seller, and Purchaser shall not be or become liable therefor, except as
expressly assumed by Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.   13.5 Food and
Beverage Revenue; Vending Machine Revenue. All monies 
-------------------------------------------------- received in connection
with bar and restaurant services, if any, at the Inns (other than amounts due
from any guest) during the Apportionment Date shall belong to Seller. Vending
machine proceeds shall be counted as close to the Front Desk Closing Hour as
is possible and the net amount thereof shall be credited to Seller at
Closing.   13.6 Guests\' Property. All baggage or other property of patrons
of the Inns  ---------------- checked or left in care of Seller shall be
listed in an inventory to be prepared in duplicate and signed by Seller\'s
and Purchaser\'s representatives on the Closing Date. Purchaser shall be
responsible from and after the Closing Date and will indemnify and hold
Seller harmless from and against all claims for all baggage and property
listed in such inventory.   13.7 Closing Estimates; Post-Closing
Reconciliation. Except as otherwise 
---------------------------------------------- expressly provided herein, all
apportionments and adjustments shall be made in accordance with the Uniform
System of Accounts, and to the extent not inconsistent therewith, generally
accepted accounting principles. The computation of the apportionments shall
be jointly prepared by Seller and Purchaser, and, upon the request of either
Purchaser or Seller, shall be reviewed by a mutually acceptable reputable
accounting firm (the "Accountants") and reviewed by representatives of both
Purchaser and Seller. To the extent the exact amount of any adjustment item
provided for in this Article XIII cannot be precisely determined on the
Closing Date, the Accountants shall (i) estimate the amount thereof, for
purposes of computing the net amount due Seller or Purchaser pursuant to this
Article XIII, (ii) determine the exact amount thereof not later than sixty
(60) days after the Closing Date (except with respect to real estate taxes
and personal property taxes for which statements have not yet been received
at Closing, which shall be reconciled as soon as practicable thereafter), and
(iii) pay any amount owed to the other party within thirty (30) days
following receipt of notice of any such   27   reconciliation. Any
determinations made by the Accountants shall be binding on both Seller and
Purchaser. The fees and expenses of the Accountants shall be borne one half
each by Seller and Purchaser. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein, in the event that adjustments to the Incentive Management
Fee (as defined in the Management Agreement) are made pursuant to Section
5.05(b) of the Management Agreement for the Fiscal Year (as defined in the
Management Agreement) in which the Closing occurs, and if such
adjustments indicate that the Incentive Management Fee relating to the period
in such Fiscal Year prior to the Closing Date were overpaid or underpaid by
Seller, then, in that event, (A) Purchaser agrees to pay Seller the amount of
any such overpayment within three (3) business days after the earlier of (i)
Purchaser\'s receipt of the adjustment pursuant to Section 5.05(b) of the
Management Agreement (or credit therefor) from the Manager and (ii) receipt
of Seller\'s notice of such overpayment, and (B) Seller agrees to pay
Purchaser the amount of any such underpayment within three (3) business days
after Seller\'s receipt of Purchaser\'s notice of such underpayment. Any
dispute regarding such overpayment or underpayment shall be resolved by the
Accountants pursuant to this Section 13.7. Section 13.7 shall expressly
survive the Closing.   13.8 Employee Compensation and Benefits. Seller and
the Manager shall be  ---------------------------------- responsible for any
liability for payment of all wages, accrued vacation pay, sick leave,
bonuses, pension benefits, COBRA rights, and other benefits accrued or earned
by and due to employees at the Inns through 12:01 a.m. on the Closing Date,
together with F.I.C.A., unemployment and other taxes and benefits due
with respect to such employees for such period. Purchaser, or Purchaser\'s
designated lessee or the Manager shall be responsible for any liability for
payment of all wages, accrued vacation pay, sick leave, bonuses, pension
benefits, COBRA rights, and other benefits accrued or earned by and due to
employees at the Property after 12:01 a.m. on the Closing Date, together with
F.I.C.A., unemployment and other taxes and benefits due with respect to such
employees for such period.   ARTICLE XIV  Miscellaneous 
-------------   14.1 Assignment. (a) Neither party shall assign or transfer
or permit the  ---------- assignment or transfer of its rights or
obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the
other, and any such assignment or transfer without such prior consent being
hereby declared to be null and void; provided,  -------- however, that, as
long as Purchaser remains liable for the performance of
the ------- obligations of Purchaser hereunder, Purchaser may assign this
Agreement, in whole or in part as to any one or more Inns, to any
affiliate(s) of Purchaser, including but not limited to any "special purpose
entity" organized for purposes of the assumption of the Existing Debt.  
28    (b) In the event either party consents to an assignment of this
Agreement by the other for which consent is required, no further assignment
shall be made without another written consent from the consenting party,
unless the assignment may otherwise be made without consent under this
Agreement. An assignment by either Seller or Purchaser of its interest in
this Agreement shall not relieve Seller or Purchaser, as the case may be,
from its obligations, but this Agreement shall then inure to the benefit of,
and be binding on, the assignee\'s successors, heirs, legal representatives
and assigns.   14.2 Consents. If, under this Agreement, the consent of a
party is  -------- required, the consent shall be in writing, shall be
executed by a duly authorized officer or agent.   14.3 Applicable Law. This
Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the  -------------- State of
Maryland, without resort to the choice of law rules thereof.   14.4
Headings; Exhibits. The headings of articles and sections of this 
------------------ Agreement are inserted only for convenience; they are not
to be construed as a limitation of the scope of the particular provision to
which they refer. All exhibits attached or to be attached to this Agreement
are incorporated herein by this reference.   14.5 Notices. Notices and
other communications required by this Agreement  ------- shall be in writing
and delivered by hand against receipt or sent by recognized overnight
delivery service or by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, with
return receipt requested, or by confirmed facsimile transmission. All notices
shall be addressed as follows:   If to Purchaser:   Apple Hospitality Two
Inc.  9 North Third Street  Richmond, Virginia 23219  Attention: Justin
Knight  Facsimile: 804-782-9302   with a copy to:   Jenkens and Gilchrist 
1445 Ross Avenue, Suite 3200  Dallas, Texas 75202  Attention: Thomas E.
Davis, Esq.  Facsimile: 214-855-4300   If to Seller:   29    Residence
Inn III LLC  c/o Crestline Capital Corporation  6600 Rockledge Drive, Suite
600  Bethesda, Maryland 20817  Attention: General Counsel  Facsimile:
240-694-2040   With a copy to:   Residence Inn III LLC  c/o Crestline
Capital Corporation  6600 Rockledge Drive, Suite 600  Bethesda, Maryland
20817  Attention: Senior Vice President and Treasurer  Facsimile:
240-694-2286  or to such other address as may be designated by a proper
notice. Notices shall be deemed to be effective upon receipt or refusal of
the addressee to accept delivery.   14.6 Waiver. The failure of either
party to insist on strict performance  ------ of any of the provisions of
this Agreement or to exercise any right granted to it shall not be construed
as a relinquishment or future waiver; rather, the provision or right shall
continue in full force. No waiver of any provision or right shall be valid
unless it is in writing and signed by the party giving it.   14.7 Conversion
to Purchase of Equity Interests. In lieu of the purchase 
------------------------------------------ and sale of the Property
contemplated hereby, Purchaser may elect on or before June 15, 2001, or such
other date upon which Seller and Purchaser shall mutually agree, to purchase
one hundred percent (100%) of the equity and non-equity member interests in
Seller or one hundred percent (100%) of the general and limited partnership
interests in Marriott Residence Inn USA Limited Partnership (the
"Partnership"), the entity that owns all of the equity member interests
in Seller (such interests in Seller or the Partnership, as appropriate,
being referred to collectively as the "Equity Interest"), by giving written
notice of such election to Seller on or before such date. Within ten (10)
days after Seller\'s receipt of such notice, Seller and Purchaser shall amend
this Agreement (the "Amended Agreement") to provide for the sale of the
Equity Interest free and clear of any and all liens or rights of third
parties, and Seller shall take such actions as shall be necessary to cause
the owners of the Equity Interest to agree to such sale. The Amended
Agreement shall contain representations and warranties regarding the Property
and Seller substantially similar to those contained herein and shall also
include the representations and warranties set forth on Exhibit N attached
hereto. It shall be a condition to such sale of the  --------- Equity
Interest that Hospitality Properties Trust shall have waived any right
of first offer that it might have in connection with   30   a transfer
or sale of any Equity Interest pursuant to the terms of that certain side
letter by and between Hospitality Properties Trust and Crestline
Capital Corporation dated as of August 19, 1999.   14.8 Partial Invalidity.
If any part of this Agreement is declared invalid  ------------------ by a
court of competent jurisdiction, this Agreement shall be construed as if such
portion had never existed, unless this construction would operate as an undue
hardship on Seller or Purchaser or would constitute a substantial deviation
from the general intent of the parties as reflected in this Agreement.  
14.9 Entire Agreement. This Agreement and that certain confidentiality 
---------------- agreement dated as of March 27, 2001 by and between an
affiliate of Purchaser and Seller (the "Confidentiality Agreement"), together
with the other writings signed by the parties and incorporated herein or
therein by reference and together with any instruments to be executed and
delivered under this Agreement, constitute the entire agreement between the
parties with respect to the purchase and sale of the Property and supersedes
all prior oral and written understandings. Any amendments to this Agreement
or the Confidentiality Agreement shall not be effective unless in writing and
signed by the parties hereto.   14.10 Time is of the Essence. Time is of
the essence with respect to  ---------------------- performance of all
obligations under this Agreement.   14.11 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. SELLER AND
PURCHASER HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO  -------------------- JURY TRIAL IN THE
EVENT ANY PARTY FILES AN ACTION RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR TO THE
TRANSACTIONS OR OBLIGATIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER.   14.12 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in separate  ------------ counterparts, the
signatures on which may be by facsimile, none of which need contain the
signatures of all parties, each of which shall be deemed to be an original,
and all of which taken together constitute one and the same instrument. It
shall not be necessary in making proof of this Agreement to produce or
account for more than the number of counterparts containing the respective
signatures of, or on behalf of, all of the parties hereto.   14.13
Brokerage. Purchaser and Seller each represents and warrants to the 
--------- other that no broker or agent is entitled to the payment of a
commission for services rendered in connection with the transactions
contemplated herein; except that Seller has engaged as its broker the firm of
CB Richard Ellis and has, pursuant to a separate agreement, agreed to pay the
commission due to CB Richard Ellis. Seller agrees to indemnify and hold
Purchaser harmless from any claims asserted by CB Richard Ellis in connection
with the transactions contemplated hereby. Each of the parties hereto agrees
to indemnify and hold the other harmless from claims made by any other
broker, attorney or finder claiming through such party for a  
31   commission, fee or compensation in connection with this Agreement or
the sale of the Property hereunder. The provisions of this Section 14.12
shall survive Closing.   14.14 Revenue Contracts and Reservations.
Purchaser hereby agrees that from  ---------------------------------- and
after the Closing Date, Purchaser shall honor, at the quoted rates,
all revenue contracts and reservations relating to the Inns which were
entered into or accepted by Seller or Manager prior to the Closing Date in
the ordinary course of business at customary rates and are assigned to
Purchaser at Closing.   14.15 Attorneys\' Fees. If either party hereto fails
to perform any of its  --------------- material obligations under this
Agreement or if any dispute arises between the parties hereto concerning the
meaning or interpretation of any provision of this Agreement, then the
defaulting party or the party not prevailing in such dispute, as the case may
be, shall pay any and all costs and expenses incurred by the other party on
account of such default and/or in enforcing or establishing its rights
hereunder, including, without limitation, court costs and reasonable
attorneys\' fees and disbursements. Any such attorneys\' fees and other
expenses incurred by either party in enforcing a judgment in its favor under
this Agreement shall be recoverable separately from and in addition to
any other amount included in such judgment, and such attorneys\' fees
obligation is intended to be severable from the other provisions of this
Agreement and to survive and not be merged into any such judgment.   14.16
Limited Liability. The obligations of Seller are intended to be 
----------------- binding only on the property of Seller and shall not be
personally binding upon, nor shall any resort be had to, the private
properties of any of its trustees, officers, members, managers, directors or
shareholders thereof, or any employees or agents of Seller.   14.17 Public
Announcements. Except as otherwise required by applicable law 
-------------------- (and then only with at least five (5) days advance
notice to the other party, to the extent applicable law allows), or except as
otherwise agreed to by Seller and Purchaser, neither Seller nor Purchaser
shall make any public statement or issue any press release prior to the
Closing with respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby without the prior written consent of the other party. Except as
otherwise agreed to by Seller and Purchaser, neither Seller nor Purchaser
shall make any public statement or issue any press release on or after the
Closing that discloses the Purchase Price, except as required by law.  
14.18 Time for Performance. If the date for the performance of any 
-------------------- obligation, or the giving of any notice, by Seller or
Purchaser hereunder falls upon a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday recognized
by the United States government, then the time for such performance or notice
shall be extended until the next business day.   32    14.19 Further
Assurances. Each party agrees to execute and deliver, after 
------------------ the Closing, such forms of corrective Deeds, Bills of Sale
or other documentation as the other party may reasonably request to carry out
the intent of this Agreement.   33    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller and
Purchaser have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the Contract Date
indicated above.   SELLER  ------   RESIDENCE INN III
LLC   ATTEST/WITNESS:  ____________________
By:________________________________________  Larry K. Harvey, Vice
President     PURCHASER  ---------  ATTEST/WITNESS APPLE HOSPITALITY
TWO INC.  ____________________ By:________________________________________ 
Name:______________________________________ 
Its:_______________________________________     EXHIBITS   A Legal
Description of Land B Purchase Price Allocation C Form of Escrow
Instructions D List of Material Contracts E List of Material Equipment
Leases F List of Material Space Leases G List of Permits H List of
Environmental Reports I List of Permitted Exceptions J Form of Deed K Form
of Bill of Sale L Form of Assignment of Meriden Lease M Form of Assignment
of Management Agreement N Additional Equity Representations, Warranties and
Covenants    '

