 EXHIBIT 2.1     Exhibit 2.1   AGREEMENT AND
PLAN OF MERGER   This AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER dated as of March 27,
2002 (this "Agreement"), among BARCELO GESTION HOTELERA, S.L., a Spanish
limited liability company ("Barcelo"), CRESTLINE CAPITAL CORPORATION, a
Maryland corporation ("Crestline"), and COWBOY ACQUISITION CORPORATION, a
Maryland corporation ("Cowboy Acquisition Corp").   W I T N E S S E T H  
WHEREAS, Cowboy Acquisition Corp is a direct wholly owned Subsidiary
of Barcelo;   WHEREAS, the respective Boards of Directors of Crestline,
Barcelo and Cowboy Acquisition Corp have determined that the merger of Cowboy
Acquisition Corp with and into Crestline (the "Merger"), upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement and, in accordance with
the MGCL (as defined below), is advisable and in the best interests of their
respective corporations and stockholders, and have approved this Agreement;
and   WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to make certain
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in connection with the
Merger and also to prescribe various conditions to the Merger.   NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement and for
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound,
agree as follows:   ARTICLE I   DEFINITIONS   Capitalized and certain
other terms used in this Agreement and not otherwise defined have the
meanings set forth below. Unless the context otherwise requires, such terms
shall include the singular and plural and the conjunctive and disjunctive
forms of the terms defined.   "Acquisition Proposal" means any offer or
proposal relating to any "Acquisition Transaction."   "Acquisition
Transaction" means any transaction or series of related transactions, other
than the Merger contemplated by this Agreement and the Permitted
Transactions, involving: (a) any acquisition or purchase from Crestline by
any Person or "group" (as defined under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and
the rules and regulations thereunder) of more than a 15% interest in the
total outstanding Crestline Common Stock or other voting securities or the
common stock of any of Crestline\'s Subsidiaries or any acquisition,
purchase, tender offer or exchange offer that, if consummated, would result
in any Person or "group" beneficially owning 15% or more of the total
outstanding Crestline Common Stock or the common stock of any of Crestline\'s
Subsidiaries, or any merger, consolidation, business combination or similar
transactions involving Crestline pursuant to which the Persons
who, immediately preceding such transactions, are stockholders of Crestline
and hold less than 85% of the voting power in the surviving or resulting
entity of such transactions; or (b) any sale, lease, exchange, transfer or
other disposition of 15% or more in value of the consolidated assets of
Crestline and its Subsidiaries.   "Affiliate" of any Person means another
Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries,
controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such first
Person (where   1    "control" means the possession, directly or
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management
policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by
contract, as trustee or executor, or otherwise).   "Agreement" has the
meaning set forth in the recitals hereof.   "Antitrust Authority" means the
Antitrust Division of the United States Department of Justice, the United
States Federal Trade Commission, and any relevant foreign antitrust,
competition or merger control authority.   "Articles of Merger" has the
meaning set forth in Section 2.1.   "Audit" means any audit, assessment of
Taxes, other examination by any Tax Authority, proceeding or appeal of such
proceeding relating to Taxes.   "Base Balance Sheet" has the meaning set
forth in Section 4.6.   "Board of Directors" means the board of directors of
Crestline, Cowboy Acquisition Corp or Barcelo, as applicable, and, in the
case of Crestline, includes, when a committee of the Board of Directors is
properly authorized to act on its behalf, any committee or Person so acting
for or on behalf of the Board of Directors.   "Barcelo" has the meaning set
forth in the recitals hereof.   "Barcelo Liquidated Damages" has the meaning
set forth in Section 9.2(d).   "Closing" has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.2.   "Closing Date" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.  
"Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time
to time.   "Confidential Information" has the meaning set forth in Section
7.3.   "Covered Person" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.3(a).  
"Cowboy Acquisition Corp" has the meaning set forth in the recitals
hereof.   "Cowboy Acquisition Corp Common Stock" means the common stock of
Cowboy Acquisition Corp, par value $0.01 per share.   "Crestline" has the
meaning set forth in the recitals hereof.   "Crestline Certificates" has the
meaning set forth in Section 3.1(a).   "Crestline Common Stock" means the
common stock of Crestline, par value $0.01 per share.   "Crestline
Disclosure Schedule" has the meaning set forth in Article IV.   "Crestline
ESPP" means the Crestline Employee Stock Purchase Plan.   2    
"Crestline Liquidated Damages" has the meaning set forth in Section
9.2(c).   "Crestline Payment" has the meaning set forth in Section
9.2(e).   "Crestline Preferred Stock" means the Preferred Stock of
Crestline, par value $0.01 per share.   "Crestline Stockholders Meeting"
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1.   "Crestline Stock Options" has
the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(g).   "Deferred Stock" has the meaning
set forth in Section 3.2(g).   "Environmental Claim" has the meaning set
forth in Section 4.12(d).   "Environmental Laws" has the meaning set forth
in Section 4.12(b).   "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974, as amended.   "ERISA Affiliate" has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.10(a).   "ERISA Plans" has the meaning set forth in Section
4.10(a).   "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.   "Exchange
Agreement" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(a).   "Exchange Funds"
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(a).   "Franchise Agreements" means
the franchise agreements listed in Section 1.1 of the Crestline Disclosure
Schedule.   "Governmental Entity" means any Federal, state, local or foreign
government or any court, administrative or regulatory agency or commission or
other governmental authority or agency, domestic or foreign.   "HM Material
Consents" means the Material Consents set forth in paragraphs (2), (3) and
(4) of Section 1.6 of the Crestline Disclosure Schedule.   "Hotel Leases"
means each of the lease agreements listed in Section 1.2 of the Crestline
Disclosure Schedule.   "Hotel Properties" means all of the hotels,
conference centers and other facilities listed in Section 1.3 of the
Crestline Disclosure Schedule, including the land, improvements, and other
assets located thereon, which are owned, leased or managed by Crestline or
its Subsidiaries.   "HSR Act" means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended.   "Indebtedness" means, with respect
to any Person, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for
borrowed money, or with respect to deposits or advances of any kind, (b) all
obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar
instruments, (c) all obligations of such   3    Person upon which
interest charges are customarily paid (other than trade payables incurred in
the ordinary course of business), (d) all obligations of such Person under
conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property
purchased by such Person, (e) all obligations of such Person issued or
assumed as the deferred purchase price of property or services or for
trade or barter arrangements (excluding obligations of such Person to
creditors for raw materials, inventory, services and supplies incurred in the
ordinary course of business), (f) all lease obligations of such Person
capitalized on the books and records of such Person, (g) all obligations of
others secured by any Lien on property or assets owned or acquired by such
Person, whether or not the obligations secured thereby have been assumed, (h)
all obligations of such Person under interest rate, or currency or commodity
hedging, swap or similar derivative transactions (valued at the termination
value thereof), (i) all letters of credit issued for the account of such
Person (excluding letters of credit issued for the benefit of suppliers or
lessors to support accounts payable to suppliers incurred in the ordinary
course of business), and (j) all guarantees and arrangements having the
economic effect of a guarantee by such Person of any other Person.  
"Intellectual Property" means intangible assets of an intellectual
property nature, including, without limitation, registered and unregistered
trademarks, service marks and trade names, all other trademark rights, trade
dress, logos and other names, marks, slogans, and other identifying materials
used in connection with any assets or business, and all variations and
permutations thereof, and all associated goodwill; copyrights and
registrations thereof; patents, inventions, shop rights, know-how, trade
secrets, and confidential information; and applications for any of the
foregoing; together with all rights to use all of the foregoing in all
countries; discoveries, improvements, processes, formulae (secret or
otherwise), data, confidential information, engineering, technical and shop
plans, drawings, specifications and ideas, whether patentable or not;
licenses and other similar agreements; and all drawings, records, books or
other indicia, however evidenced, of the foregoing.   "Knowledge" or
"knowledge" of any Person or words to that effect means and includes: (a) an
individual will be deemed to have "Knowledge" of a particular fact or other
matter if without further inquiry such individual is actually aware of such
fact or other matter; and (b) an entity (other than an individual) will be
deemed to have "Knowledge" of a particular fact or other matter if without
further inquiry any of the directors and officers of such entity is actually
aware of such fact or other matter; provided, however, that in the case of
Crestline, "Knowledge" or "knowledge" shall also include the actual
knowledge of the persons listed on Section 1.4 of the Crestline Disclosure
Schedule.   "Law" means any law, statute, ordinance, regulation or rule or
any judgment, decree, order, regulation or rule of any court or
governmental authority or body.   "Lien" means any mortgage, pledge,
assessment, security interest, lease, sublease, lien, adverse claim, levy,
charge, option, right of others or restriction (whether on voting, sale,
transfer, disposition or otherwise) or other encumbrance of any kind, whether
imposed by agreement, understanding, law or equity, or any conditional sale
contract, title retention contract or other contract to give or to refrain
from giving any of the foregoing; provided that workers\', mechanics\',
suppliers\', carriers\', materialmen\'s, landlords\' statutory, or
warehousemen\'s liens, or liens for taxes, assessments or government charges
that were incurred in the ordinary course of business and are not yet
delinquent or that are being contested in good faith and for which adequate
reserves have been provided in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles (to the extent required thereunder) shall not constitute
a "Lien."   "Loan Award Note" has the meaning set forth in Section
6.7(b).   "Loan Program" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.7(b).  
"MGCL" means the Maryland General Corporation Law, as amended from time
to time.   4     "MI Material Consent" means the Material Consent set
forth in paragraph (1) of Section 1.6 of the Crestline Disclosure
Schedule.   "MI Term Sheet" means the term sheet provided by Marriott
International, Inc. dated March 27, 2002, the terms and provisions of which
are set forth in Section 1.9 of the Crestline Disclosure Schedule.  
"Management Agreements" means the management agreements listed in Section 1.5
of the Crestline Disclosure Schedule.   "Material Adverse Change" or
"Material Adverse Effect" with respect to any Person means any event,
occurrence, development, change or effect that is, or is reasonably likely to
be, individually or in the aggregate, materially adverse to the business,
properties, operating assets or financial condition or results of operations
of such Person and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; provided, that, the
following shall individually be deemed to constitute a "material adverse
change" or a "material adverse effect": (a) a termination, cancellation or
material modification of any of the Material Hotel Leases; and (b)
the failure to have in effect at Closing (1) the HM Material Consents, other
than as a result of (x) any breach by Barcelo or Cowboy Acquisition Corp of
its representations and warranties set forth in Section 5.6 or 5.7 below, or
(y) any breach of the representations and covenants by Barcelo or Cowboy
Acquisition Corp pursuant to that certain Agreement and Consent dated March
27, 2002 by and among Host Marriott Corporation, Crestline, Barcelo and
Cowboy Acquisition Corp, and (2) once obtained pursuant to Section 7.7
hereof, the MI Material Consent, other than as a result of any breach by
Barcelo or Cowboy Acquisition Corp of the representations and covenants
contained in the agreements constituting the MI Material Consent; provided,
further, that, in no event, shall the following, either individually or in
the aggregate, in and of itself be deemed to constitute a "material adverse
change" or a "material adverse effect": (i) any events, occurrences,
developments, changes or effects that are applicable to the national
financial, banking, currency or capital markets in general; (ii) the failure
by Crestline to meet independent, third party analysts\' projections
of earnings, revenue or other financial performance measures, provided,
however, that the underlying facts, circumstances, operating results or
prospects which cause Crestline to fail to meet such projections may be
considered in determining whether a "material adverse change" or a "material
adverse effect" has occurred or is reasonably likely to occur; (iii)
fluctuations in the price of Crestline Common Stock; (iv) any events,
occurrences, developments or conditions in the business sectors in which
Crestline and its Subsidiaries operate, not disproportionately affecting
Crestline and its Subsidiaries; (v) the failure to obtain any consent,
authorization, estoppel, waiver or approval under an Operational Contract,
other than each of the HM Material Consents, in connection with the Merger
contemplated hereby; provided, that the cumulative financial impact of the
failure to obtain consents (other than the Material Consents),
authorizations, waivers or approvals may result in a "material adverse
change" or a "material adverse effect" if it satisfies the requirements of
Section 8.2(c)(i); (vi) the failure to obtain the MI Material Consent;
or (vii) any events, occurrences, developments, changes or effects relating
to or resulting from the Permitted Transactions.   "Material Consents"
means the consents of third parties set forth in Section 1.6 of the Crestline
Disclosure Schedule.   "Material Contracts" means the Franchise Agreements,
the Management Agreements and the Hotel Leases and any amendments,
supplements or modifications thereto other than those Material Contracts
relating to any Permitted Transaction.   "Material Hotel Leases" means the
Hotel Leases referenced in Section 1.7 of the Crestline Disclosure
Schedule.   "Materials of Environmental Concern" has the meaning set forth
in Section 4.12(b).   5     "Merger" has the meaning set forth in the
recitals hereof.   "Merger Consideration" means $34 in cash.   "NYSE"
means the New York Stock Exchange, Inc., or any successor entity.  
"Operational Contracts" means agreements pertaining to the conduct of the
business operations of Crestline and its Subsidiaries, including,
without limitation, the Material Contracts and any other leases, operating
agreements, franchise agreements, licensing agreements, joint venture
agreements, non competition agreements and other similar agreements or
contractual arrangements.   "Other Filings" has the meaning set forth in
Section 7.2(b).   "Paying Agent" has the meaning set forth in Section
3.2(a).   "Permitted Transactions" means the transactions set forth on
Section 1.8 of the Crestline Disclosure Schedule.   "Permits" has the
meaning set forth in Section 4.13(a).   "Person" means any natural person,
corporation, general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability
company, limited liability partnership, proprietorship, trust, union,
association, court, tribunal, agency, government, department, commission,
self-regulatory organization, arbitrator, board, bureau, instrumentality or
other entity, enterprise, authority or business organization.   "Plans" has
the meaning set forth in Section 4.10(a).   "Proxy Statement" has the
meaning set forth in Section 7.2(a).   "Restricted Stock" has the meaning
set forth in Section 3.2(g).   "Requisite Vote" has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.4(c).   "Rights Agreement" means the Rights Agreement, dated as of
December 14, 1998, and as subsequently amended by Amendment No. 1 to Rights
Agreement, dated as of June 25, 1999, by and between Crestline and The Bank
of New York, as Rights Agent.   "SEC" means the Securities and Exchange
Commission, or any successor Governmental Entity.   "SEC Documents" has the
meaning set forth in Section 4.6.   "Securities Act" means the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.   "Stock Compensation Plans" means the 1998 Comprehensive Stock
Incentive Plan and the Non-Employee Director\'s Deferred Stock Compensation
Plan, in each case, as amended.   "Stock Option Consideration" has the
meaning set forth in Section 3.2(g).    6     "Subsidiary" means, with
respect to any Person, (a) any corporation with respect to which such Person,
directly or indirectly through one or more Subsidiaries, (i) owns more than
50% of the outstanding shares of capital stock having generally the right to
vote in the election of directors, or (ii) has the power, under ordinary
circumstances, to elect, or to direct the election of, a majority of the
board of directors of such corporation, (b) any partnership with respect to
which (i) such Person or a Subsidiary of such Person is a general partner,
(ii) such Person and its Subsidiaries together own more than 50% of
the interests therein, or (iii) such Person and its Subsidiaries have the
right to appoint or elect or direct the appointment or election of a majority
of the directors or other Person or body responsible for the governance or
management thereof, (c) any limited liability company with respect to which
(i) such Person or a Subsidiary of such Person is the manager or managing
member, (ii) such Person and its Subsidiaries together own more than 50% of
the interests therein, or (iii) such Person and its Subsidiaries have the
right to appoint or elect or direct the appointment or election of a majority
of the directors or other Person or body responsible for the governance or
management thereof, or (d) any other entity in which such Person has, and/or
one or more of its Subsidiaries have, directly or indirectly, (i) at least a
50% ownership interest, or (ii) the power to appoint or elect or direct the
appointment or election of a majority of the directors or other Person or
body responsible for the governance or management thereof.   "Superior
Proposal" means, other than the Merger contemplated by this Agreement, any
Acquisition Proposal that the Board of Directors of Crestline determines, in
good faith, after consultation with Crestline\'s independent financial
adviser, is (i) reasonably likely to be more favorable to
Crestline\'s stockholders, from a financial point of view, than the Merger
(and any written proposal by Barcelo, including any proposal by Barcelo to
amend the terms of this Agreement capable of being accepted by Crestline with
little or no contingencies), and (ii) if accepted, reasonably likely to be
consummated taking into consideration, to the extent deemed appropriate, the
legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of the Acquisition
Proposal.   "Surviving Corporation" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.1.   "Surviving Corporation Common Stock" means the common stock of
the Surviving Corporation, par value $0.01 per share.   "Tax" or "Taxes"
means all Federal, state, local, foreign and other net or gross income,
sales, use, ad valorem, withholding, gross receipts, excise, asset,
franchise, payroll, employment, premium, environmental, goods and services,
net proceeds, property, deed, alternative or add-on minimum,
profits, windfall profits, transaction, lease, service, service use,
estimated, severance, unemployment, worker\'s compensation, capital, value
added, transfer or other taxes, levies, customs duties or tariffs, fees,
assessments or charges of any kind imposed by a Tax Authority together with
any interest, penalties, additions to tax or additional amounts with respect
thereto.   "Tax Authority" means the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") and
any other domestic or foreign governmental authority responsible for the
administration or collection of any Taxes.   "Tax Returns" means all
Federal, state, local and foreign returns, declarations, statements, reports,
schedules, forms and information returns relating to Taxes, and all
amendments thereto.   "Termination Fee" has the meaning set forth in Section
9.2(b).    7     ARTICLE II   THE MERGER   Section 2.1 The Merger.
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set  ---------- orth in this
Agreement and the articles of merger or other appropriate documents (in any
such case, the "Articles of Merger"), and in accordance with the applicable
provisions of the MGCL, Cowboy Acquisition Corp shall be merged with and into
Crestline. Following the Merger, Crestline shall continue as the surviving
corporation (sometimes referred to as the "Surviving Corporation") and the
separate existence of Cowboy Acquisition Corp will cease.   Section 2.2 The
Closing. The closing (the "Closing") of the Merger will  ----------- take
place at 10:00 a.m., eastern standard time, on a date (the "Closing
Date") which shall be no later than three business days following the
satisfaction or, if permissible, the waiver of the conditions set forth in
Article VIII (other than those conditions that, by their terms, cannot be
satisfied until the time of the Closing, but subject to their satisfaction at
such time), at the offices of Holland and Knight LLP, 2099 Pennsylvania Avenue,
Suite 100, Washington, D.C. 20006, unless another time, date or place is
agreed to in writing by the parties hereto.   Section 2.3 Effective Time.
Prior to the Closing, Barcelo shall prepare,  -------------- and on the
Closing Date Barcelo shall file, the Articles of Merger with the Maryland
State Department of Assessments and Taxation in accordance with
the provisions of the MGCL and make all other filings or recordings required
by the MGCL in connection with the Merger. The Merger shall become effective
upon the acceptance for record of the Articles of Merger by the Maryland
State Department of Assessments and Taxation, or at such other later time as
the parties shall agree and specify in the Articles of Merger not to exceed
30 days from the date of filing (the time the Merger becomes effective being
the "Effective Time").   Section 2.4 Effects of the Merger. The Merger shall
have the effects set  --------------------- forth in Section 3-114 of the
MGCL. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto,
at the Effective Time, all the properties, rights, privileges, powers and
franchises of Crestline and Cowboy Acquisition Corp shall vest in the
Surviving Corporation, and all debts, liabilities and duties of Crestline and
Cowboy Acquisition Corp shall become the debts, liabilities and duties of the
Surviving Corporation.   Section 2.5 Corporate Governance Documents. The
articles of merger shall  ------------------------------ specify that the
charter of Cowboy Acquisition Corp, as in effect immediately prior to the
Effective Time of the Merger, shall become the charter of the Surviving
Corporation after the Effective Time and thereafter may be amended
in accordance with its terms and as provided by the MGCL. The bylaws of
Cowboy Acquisition Corp, as in effect on the Effective Time, shall become the
bylaws of the Surviving Corporation and thereafter may be amended in
accordance with its terms and as provided by the MGCL.   Section 2.6
Directors. The directors of Cowboy Acquisition Corp immediately 
--------- prior to the Effective Time and Bruce D. Wardinski shall become the
directors of the Surviving Corporation, and shall serve in such capacity
until the earlier of their resignation or removal or until their respective
successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case may be.   Section
2.7 Officers. The officers of Crestline listed on Section 2.7 of 
-------- the Crestline Disclosure Schedule shall be officers of the Surviving
Corporation and each such officer shall serve in the office set forth next to
his or her name. Each officer of the Surviving Corporation shall serve in
such capacity until the earlier of their resignation or removal or until
their respective successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case may
be.    8     Section 2.8 Further Actions. At and after the Effective
Time, the Surviving  --------------- Corporation shall take all action as
shall be required in connection with the Merger, including, but not limited
to, the execution and delivery of any further deeds, assignments, consents,
instruments or documentation as are necessary or desirable to carry out the
provisions of this Agreement.   ARTICLE III   CONVERSION OF SHARES  
Section 3.1 Effect on Stock of Crestline and Cowboy Acquisition Corp. As of 
-------------------------------------------------------- the Effective Time,
by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder of
any shares of Crestline Common Stock or any shares of Cowboy Acquisition Corp
Common Stock:   (a) Crestline Common Stock. Each issued and outstanding
share of Crestline  ---------------------- Common Stock, including the
rights (the "Rights") attached thereto pursuant to the Rights Agreement,
shall be converted into the right to receive from Barcelo and the Surviving
Corporation the Merger Consideration, without interest. As of the Effective
Time, all shares of Crestline Common Stock and the associated Rights upon
which the Merger Consideration is payable pursuant to this Section 3.1(a)
shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be canceled
and retired and shall cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate
formerly representing any such shares of Crestline Common Stock and the
associated Rights (the "Crestline Certificates") shall cease to have any
rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive the Merger
Consideration.   (b) Cowboy Acquisition Corp Common Stock. Each share of the
Cowboy  ------------------------------------ Acquisition Corp Common Stock
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be
converted into and become one fully paid and nonassessable share of Surviving
Corporation Common Stock.   Section 3.2 Exchange of Certificates. 
------------------------   (a) Paying Agent. Prior to the Effective Time,
Barcelo shall designate a  ------------ bank or trust reasonably
satisfactory to Crestline to act as paying agent in the Merger (the "Paying
Agent") and shall enter into a paying agent agreement (the "Exchange
Agreement") with the Paying Agent in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to Crestline. On or prior to the Effective Time and
subject to Crestline\'s satisfaction of the covenant contained in Section
6.1(c), Barcelo shall deposit or cause Cowboy Acquisition Corp to deposit
with the Paying Agent immediately available funds as contemplated by Section
7.10 and, immediately following the Effective Time, Barcelo shall cause the
Surviving Corporation to deposit with the Paying Agent immediately available
funds which, together with the funds contributed pursuant to Section 7.10,
are sufficient for the payment of the Merger Consideration upon surrender of
the Crestline Certificates pursuant to Section 3.1 (collectively, the
"Exchange Funds").   (b) Exchange Procedure. As soon as reasonably
practicable after the  ------------------ Effective Time, Barcelo and the
Surviving Corporation shall cause the Paying Agent to mail to each holder of
record as of the Effective Time of a Crestline Certificate, which immediately
prior to the Effective Time represented outstanding shares of Crestline
Common Stock and the associated Rights, whose shares were converted into the
right to receive the Merger Consideration pursuant to Section 3.1, (i) a
letter of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be effective,
and risk of loss and title to the Crestline Certificates shall pass, only
upon delivery of the Crestline Certificates to the Paying Agent and shall be
in such form and have such other customary provisions as the Surviving
Corporation may reasonably specify), and (ii) instructions for use in
affecting the surrender of the Crestline Certificates in exchange for
the Merger Consideration. Upon surrender of a Crestline Certificate for
cancellation to the Paying Agent or to such other agent or agents as may be
appointed by the Surviving Corporation, together with such letter of   
9    transmittal, duly executed, and such other documents as may
reasonably be required by the Paying Agent, the holder of such Crestline
Certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor the Merger
Consideration into which the shares of Crestline Common Stock and the
associated Rights theretofore represented by such Crestline Certificate shall
have been converted pursuant to Section 3.1, and the Crestline Certificate so
surrendered shall forthwith be cancelled. In the event of a transfer of
ownership of such Crestline Common Stock and the associated Rights which is
not registered in the transfer records of Crestline, payment may be made to a
Person other than the Person in whose name the Crestline Certificate so
surrendered is registered, if such Crestline Certificate shall be properly
endorsed or otherwise be in proper form for transfer and the Person
requesting such payment shall pay any transfer or other taxes required by
reason of the payment to a Person other than the registered holder of such
Crestline Certificate or establish to the satisfaction of the Surviving
Corporation that such tax has been paid or is not applicable.
Until surrendered as contemplated by this Section 3.2(b), each Crestline
Certificate shall be deemed at any time after the Effective Time to represent
only the right to receive upon such surrender the Merger Consideration,
without interest, into which the shares of Crestline Common Stock and the
associated Rights theretofore represented by such Crestline Certificate shall
have been converted pursuant to Section 3.1. No interest will be paid or will
accrue on the consideration payable upon the surrender of any Crestline
Certificate.   (c) No Further Ownership Rights in Stock. All Merger
Consideration paid  ------------------------------------ upon the surrender
of Crestline Certificates in accordance with the terms of this Article III
shall be deemed to have been paid in full satisfaction of all rights
pertaining to the shares of Crestline Common Stock and the associated Rights
theretofore represented by such Crestline Certificates, and after
the Effective Time there shall be no further registration of transfers on the
stock transfer books of the Surviving Corporation of the shares of Crestline
Common Stock and the associated Rights which were outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time. If, after the Effective Time, the Crestline
Certificates are presented to the Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent
for any reason, they shall be cancelled and exchanged as provided in this
Article III, except as otherwise provided by Law.   (d) Termination of
Exchange Agreement. The Exchange Agreement shall 
--------------------------------- terminate 12 months after the Effective
Time and any portion of the Exchange Funds which remains undistributed to the
holders of the Crestline Certificates shall be delivered to the Surviving
Corporation, and any holders of the Crestline Certificates who have not
theretofore complied with this Article III shall thereafter look only to the
Surviving Corporation and Barcelo, for payment of their claim for the Merger
Consideration and, to the extent applicable, any cash or dividends or
distributions payable to such holders pursuant to this Article III.   (e)
No Liability. None of Barcelo, Cowboy Acquisition Corp, Crestline, the 
------------ Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent shall be liable to any
Person in respect of any cash from the Exchange Funds or Merger Consideration
delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property,
escheat or similar law.   (f) Investment of Exchange Funds. The Paying
Agent shall invest any cash  ---------------------------- included in the
Exchange Funds as directed by Barcelo. Any net profits resulting from, or
interest or income produced by, such investments shall be held in
the Exchange Fund and turned over to the Surviving Corporation pursuant to
the terms of the Exchange Agreement and this Section 3.2. The Exchange Funds
shall not be used for any other purpose except as provided in this
Agreement.    10     (g) Stock Awards.  ------------   (i) At the
Effective Time, each outstanding option to purchase shares of Crestline
Common Stock (vested or unvested) granted under any stock option or stock
compensation plan or arrangement of Crestline, other than the Crestline ESPP
(the "Crestline Stock Options"), which is unexercised and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be canceled and the
holder thereof shall be entitled to receive in exchange for such cancellation
a payment from Barcelo or the Surviving Corporation equal to the product of
(x) the number of shares of Crestline Common Stock subject to such Crestline
Stock Option times (y) the excess of the Merger Consideration over the per
share exercise price of such Crestline Stock Option (the "Stock Option
Consideration").   (ii) The Crestline ESPP shall be terminated after the
Crestline stockholders approve the Merger but before the Effective Time and
all accounts thereunder shall be paid out to participants in accordance with
the terms of the Crestline ESPP.   (iii) Crestline shall deliver to the
holders of all outstanding Crestline Stock Options all notices required to be
delivered pursuant to the terms thereof.   (iv) At the Effective Time, each
holder of restricted Crestline Common Stock ("Restricted Stock") and deferred
stock awards and stock units ("Deferred Stock") granted or due under the
Stock Compensation Plans that have not fully vested, or which have vested but
have not otherwise become payable pursuant to the terms of the holder\'s
awards or elections under the Stock Compensation Plans, shall be entitled to
receive from Barcelo or the Surviving Corporation in respect of each share or
unit of Restricted Stock or Deferred Stock an amount equal to the Merger
Consideration, less any required tax withholding, in exchange for and
settlement of such shares or units of Restricted Stock and Deferred Stock;
provided, that no vesting or payment shall be made with respect to Restricted
Stock or Deferred Stock which the holder has agreed to relinquish as of the
Closing Date.   (v) As of the Effective Time, Crestline shall terminate all
stock option or stock compensation plans and arrangements, and except as
provided in this Section 3.2, all rights under any such stock option or stock
compensation plans and arrangements shall terminate.   (h) Lost
Certificates. If any Crestline Certificate shall have been lost, 
----------------- stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of
that fact by the Person claiming such Crestline Certificate to be lost,
stolen or destroyed, the Paying Agent shall issue in exchange for such lost,
stolen or destroyed Crestline Certificate(s) the Merger Consideration
deliverable in respect thereof in accordance with this Article III; provided,
however, that Barcelo or the Paying Agent may require the delivery of a
reasonable indemnity or bond against any claim that may be made against the
Surviving Corporation with respect to such Crestline Certificate or ownership
thereof.   Section 3.3 Withholding Rights. Barcelo shall be entitled to
deduct and  ------------------ withhold from the Merger Consideration
otherwise payable to any holder of Crestline Common Stock pursuant to this
Article III such amounts as it is required to deduct and withhold with
respect to the making of such payment under any provision of Federal, state,
local or foreign Tax law; provided, however, that Barcelo shall (i) take
reasonable steps to minimize such withholding to the extent allowable by law
and (ii) pay (and not withhold) any applicable transfer taxes except to the
extent provided in Section 3.2(b) above. To the extent that amounts are so
withheld by Barcelo, such withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes
of this Agreement as having been paid to the holder of Crestline Common Stock
in respect of which such deduction and withholding was made by Barcelo.   
11     ARTICLE IV   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF CRESTLINE  
Except as set forth in the disclosure letter (with specific reference to the
particular section or subsection of this Agreement to which the
information set forth in the relevant disclosure schedule relates) delivered
by Crestline to Barcelo and to Cowboy Acquisition Corp prior to the execution
of this Agreement and referred to herein (the "Crestline Disclosure
Schedule") or as referenced in the Form 10-K of Crestline for the period
ended December 28, 2001 filed with the SEC, Crestline represents and warrants
to Barcelo and Cowboy Acquisition Corp, as of the execution of this
Agreement, as follows:   Section 4.1 Organization, Standing and Corporate
Power. Each of Crestline  ------------------------------------------ and its
Subsidiaries is a corporation, partnership or limited liability company duly
formed or organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
the jurisdiction in which it is formed or organized and has the
requisite corporate, partnership or limited liability company power and
authority to carry on its business as now being conducted, except for such
failures of Crestline or Crestline\'s Subsidiaries to be in good standing
which, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse
Effect on Crestline. Each of Crestline and its Subsidiaries is duly qualified
or licensed to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in
which the nature of its business or the ownership or leasing of its
properties makes such qualification or licensing necessary, except for those
jurisdictions in which the failure to be so qualified or licensed or to be in
good standing, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material
Adverse Effect on Crestline. Crestline has made available to Barcelo complete
and correct copies of the charter and bylaws of Crestline, and the comparable
organizational documents of each of its Subsidiaries, in each case as amended
to and in effect on the date of this Agreement. Except as set forth in
Section 4.1 of the Crestline Disclosure Schedule, through the date hereof,
there has been no amendment to or change in any of the organizational
documents of Crestline or any of its Subsidiaries since the time they were
made available to Barcelo.   Section 4.2 Subsidiaries. Section 4.2(a) of the
Crestline Disclosure  ------------ Schedule sets forth a true and complete
list of each of Crestline\'s Subsidiaries as of the date hereof. Except as
set forth in Section 4.2(a) or 4.2(b) of the Crestline Disclosure Schedule,
all the outstanding equity interests of each Subsidiary are owned by
Crestline, by another wholly owned Subsidiary of Crestline or by Crestline
and another wholly owned Subsidiary of Crestline, free and clear of all Liens
and no other Person has the right to vote the equity securities of such
Subsidiaries, other than as provided in any pledge agreement relating to any
Lien so listed. Except as set forth in Section 4.2(c) of the Crestline
Disclosure Schedule, there are no outstanding obligations of Crestline or any
of its Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire
any outstanding securities of any of Crestline\'s Subsidiaries or to provide
funds to or make any investment (in the form of a loan, capital contribution
or otherwise) in Crestline or any of its Subsidiaries or other Person.  
Section 4.3 Capital Structure. The authorized capital stock of Crestline 
----------------- consists of 75,000,000 shares of Crestline Common Stock and
10,000,000 shares of Crestline Preferred Stock, of which 60,000 shares are
designated as Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock. As of March 1,
2002, (a) 15,623,997 shares of Crestline Common Stock and no shares of
Crestline Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding, (b) 1,996,682 shares
of Crestline Common Stock were issuable upon exercise of outstanding
Crestline Stock Options, (c) 15,724 shares of Deferred Stock were issuable
pursuant to the Stock Compensation Plans, and (d) 14,959 shares of Crestline
Common Stock were issuable to members of the Crestline Board of Directors
pursuant to the Stock Compensation Plans. No other shares of capital stock or
other voting securities of Crestline are authorized, issued or outstanding.
Except (i) as set forth above and as set forth in Section 4.3 of the
Crestline Disclosure Schedule, (ii) options to purchase   
12    Crestline Common Stock under the Crestline ESPP, and (iii) Rights
outstanding under the Rights Agreement, there are no outstanding stock
appreciation rights, restricted stock grants or contingent stock grants and
there are no other outstanding contractual rights to which Crestline is a
party, the value of which is derived from the value of shares of Crestline
Common Stock. All outstanding shares of Crestline Common Stock are, and all
shares which may be issued upon exercise or conversion of any security issued
by Crestline (or any entity in which Crestline owns a direct or indirect
interest) will be, when issued, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid
and nonassessable and not subject to preemptive rights. There are no bonds,
debentures, notes or other Indebtedness of Crestline having the right to vote
(or convertible into, or exchangeable for, securities having the right to
vote) on any matters on which stockholders of Crestline may vote. Except as
set forth above and as set forth in Section 4.3 of the Crestline Disclosure
Schedule, as of the date of this Agreement, there are no outstanding
securities, options, warrants, calls, rights, commitments, agreements,
arrangements or undertakings of any kind to which Crestline or any of its
Subsidiaries is a party, or by which any of them is bound,
obligating Crestline or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, deliver or sell, or
cause to be issued, delivered or sold, shares of capital stock or other
voting securities of Crestline or of any of its Subsidiaries or obligating
Crestline or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, grant, extend or enter into
any such security, option, warrant, call, right, commitment, agreement,
arrangement or undertaking.   Section 4.4 Authority; Noncontravention;
Consents.  -------------------------------------   (a) Crestline has the
requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and,
subject to approval of the Merger by the Requisite Vote of the outstanding
shares of Crestline Common Stock, to consummate the Merger contemplated by
this Agreement. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Crestline and
the consummation by Crestline of the Merger contemplated by this Agreement
have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of
Crestline, subject to approval of the Merger by the Requisite Vote of the
outstanding shares of Crestline Common Stock. This Agreement has been
duly executed and delivered by Crestline and, assuming this Agreement
constitutes the valid and binding obligation of the other parties hereto,
constitutes the valid and binding obligation of Crestline, enforceable
against Crestline in accordance with its terms.   (b) The Board of
Directors of Crestline has determined that this Agreement and the Merger
contemplated by this Agreement are advisable and fair to and in the best
interests of the stockholders of Crestline and resolved to recommend that the
stockholders of Crestline approve the Merger contemplated by this
Agreement.   (c) The affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds of
the outstanding shares of Crestline Common Stock entitled to vote thereon
(the "Requisite Vote") is the only vote of the holders of any class or series
of Crestline\'s stock necessary to approve the Merger contemplated
hereby.   (d) The execution and delivery of this Agreement do not, and
the consummation of the Merger contemplated by this Agreement and compliance
with this Agreement will not, conflict with, or result in any violation of,
or default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give
rise to a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration of any
obligation or to loss of a benefit under, or result in the creation of any
Lien upon any of the properties or assets of Crestline or any of its
Subsidiaries (any such violation, default, right of termination, cancellation
or acceleration, loss or creation, a "Violation") under, (A) subject to the
consent of Host Marriott Corporation as set forth in paragraph (2) of Section
1.6 of the Crestline Disclosure Schedule being in effect and assuming the
accuracy of the representations and warranties made by Barcelo and Cowboy
Acquisition Corp set forth in Sections 5.6 and 5.7 hereof, the charter or
bylaws of Crestline or the comparable organizational documents of any of its
Subsidiaries, or (B) subject to obtaining the Material Consents and the other
required consents set forth on Section 4.4(d) of the Crestline Disclosure
Schedule, any contract, agreement, loan or credit agreement, note,
bond,    13    mortgage, indenture, lease or other agreement or
instrument to which Crestline or its Subsidiaries are a party or which their
assets are bound or affected, or any permit, concession, franchise or license
applicable to Crestline or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective
properties or assets, or (C) subject to obtaining or making the consents,
approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings
referred to in paragraph (e) below, any judgment, order, decree, statute,
law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to Crestline or any of its
Subsidiaries or their respective properties or assets except, in the case of
the representations set forth in clauses (B) and (C) above, any Violation
which, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse
Effect on Crestline.   (e) No consent, approval, order or authorization of,
or registration, declaration or filing with, any Governmental Entity is
required by Crestline or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Crestline or the
consummation by Crestline of the Merger contemplated by this Agreement,
except for (A) if required, compliance with and the filings under the HSR
Act, (B) if required, filings with the European Community and the Spanish
Administration, (C) the filing with or other applicable requirements of the
SEC of (1) the Proxy Statement and (2) such reports and registration
statements under, or other applicable requirements of, the Exchange Act as
may be required in connection with this Agreement and the Merger contemplated
by this Agreement, (D) such filings as may be required by any applicable
state securities or "blue sky" laws, (E) the Articles of Merger, (F) filings
required by the NYSE, (G) any applicable transfer tax filings, and (H) such
other consents, approvals, orders, authorizations,
registrations, declarations and filings with a Governmental Entity, the
failure of which to make or obtain would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Crestline.   Section 4.5
Opinion of Financial Advisor. The Board of Directors of 
---------------------------- Crestline has received the written opinion of
Deutsche Bank Alex. Brown Inc., dated March 27, 2002 (the "Fairness
Opinion"), to the effect that, as of such date and subject to the assumptions
and qualifications contained therein, the Merger Consideration is fair to the
stockholders of Crestline from a financial point of view.   Section 4.6 SEC
Documents; Financial Statements. Crestline has filed 
----------------------------------- all required reports, proxy statements,
registration statements, forms, and other documents with the SEC since
January 1, 1999 (the "SEC Documents"). As of their respective dates, (a) the
SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the
Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and the rules and
regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to such SEC
Documents, and (b) except to the extent that information contained in any SEC
Document has been revised or superseded by a later filed SEC Document filed
and publicly available prior to the date of this Agreement, none of the SEC
Documents contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted
to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. The audited balance sheets of Crestline and
its consolidated subsidiaries as of December 31, 1999, December 29, 2000
and December 28, 2001, and the related statements of income and cash flows
for the periods then ended, have been prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the
periods involved (except to the extent described in the notes thereto) and
fairly presented in all material respects the consolidated financial position
of Crestline and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and
the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods
then ended. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents and in Section 4.6 of
the Crestline Disclosure Schedule, and except for (i) liabilities and
obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice, and (ii) transaction expenses incurred in connection with the
Merger contemplated by this Agreement, since the date of the consolidated
balance sheet as of December 28, 2001 (the "Base Balance Sheet"), neither
Crestline nor any of its Subsidiaries has incurred any material liabilities
or obligations of any nature (whether accrued, absolute, contingent or
otherwise) required by generally accepted accounting principles   
14    to be set forth on a consolidated balance sheet of Crestline and
its consolidated subsidiaries or in the notes thereto.   Section 4.7
Absence of Certain Changes or Events. 
------------------------------------   (a) Except (i) as disclosed in the
SEC Documents filed since December 28, 2001, and (ii) as set forth in Section
4.7 of the Crestline Disclosure Schedule, since December 28, 2001 through the
date of this Agreement, Crestline and its Subsidiaries have conducted their
respective businesses only in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice, and, there has not been any of the following: (A) any event,
change, effect, occurrence or development that, individually or in the
aggregate, has had or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect
on Crestline; (B) any action taken by Crestline or any of its Subsidiaries
during this period that, if taken during the period from the date of this
Agreement through the Effective Time, would constitute a breach of clauses
(i) through (xvii) of Section 6.1(b) of this Agreement.   Section 4.8
Litigation. Except as set forth in items (a) and (c) of  ---------- Section
4.8 of the Crestline Disclosure Schedule, there are no suits,
actions, proceedings, claims, grievances or investigations pending or, to the
knowledge of Crestline, threatened against or affecting Crestline or any of
its Subsidiaries that, individually or in the aggregate, is reasonably likely
to have or will have a Material Adverse Effect on Crestline. There are
no judgments, decrees, injunctions, rules, or orders of any Governmental
Entity or arbitrator outstanding against Crestline or any of its Subsidiaries
having, or that is reasonably likely to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Crestline.   Section 4.9 Absence of
Changes in Benefit Plans. Except as set forth 
----------------------------------- in Section 4.9 of the Crestline
Disclosure Schedule, there has not been any adoption or amendment by
Crestline or any of its Subsidiaries of any Plan since December 31, 2001.  
Section 4.10 Employee Benefits; ERISA.  ------------------------   (a)
Section 4.10(a) of the Crestline Disclosure Schedule contains a true and
complete list of each bonus, deferred compensation, incentive compensation,
stock purchase, stock option, stock appreciation right or other stock-based
incentive, severance, change-in-control or termination pay, hospitalization
or other medical, disability, life or other insurance, supplemental
unemployment benefits, profit-sharing, pension, or retirement plan, program,
agreement or arrangement, and each other employee benefit plan, program,
agreement or arrangement, currently sponsored, maintained or contributed to
or required to be contributed to by Crestline or any of its Subsidiaries, or
by any trade or business, whether or not incorporated, that together with
Crestline or any of its Subsidiaries would be deemed to comprise a controlled
group or affiliated service group or be deemed to be under common control or
otherwise aggregated for purposes of Sections 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the
Code (an "ERISA Affiliate"), other than a Plan that is a multi-employer plan
within the meaning of Section 3(37) of ERISA, for the benefit of any current
or former employee or director of Crestline, or any of its Subsidiaries or
any ERISA Affiliate (the "Plans" and those Plans which are subject to
ERISA are referred to as "ERISA Plans"). Except as set forth in Section
4.10(a) of the Crestline Disclosure Schedule and except as contemplated by
this Agreement or as is required to maintain such Plan\'s compliance with
applicable Law, none of Crestline, any of its Subsidiaries nor any ERISA
Affiliate has any formal plan or commitment, whether legally binding or not,
to create, modify or change any Plan.   (b) With respect to each of the
Plans, Crestline has heretofore delivered or made available to Barcelo or its
accountants, counsel or representatives true and complete copies of each of
the following documents, as applicable:    15     (i) the Plan
documents (including all amendments thereto) for each written Plan or a
written description of any Plan that is not otherwise in writing;   (ii)
the annual report or IRS Form 5500 Series, if required under ERISA, with
respect to each ERISA Plan for the most recent Plan year for which such a
report was filed;   (iii) the actuarial report, if required under ERISA,
with respect to each ERISA Plan for the most recent Plan year for which an
IRS Form 5500 Series was filed;   (iv) the most recent Summary Plan
Description ("SPD"), together with all Summaries of Material Modification
issued with respect to such SPD, if required under ERISA, with respect to
each ERISA Plan;   (v) if the Plan is funded through a trust or any other
funding vehicle, the trust or other funding agreement (including all
amendments thereto) and the latest financial statements thereof, if any;  
(vi) all contracts relating to the Plans with respect to which Crestline, any
of its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate may have any liability, including
insurance contracts, investment management agreements, subscription and
participation agreements and record keeping agreements; and   (vii) the most
recent determination letter received from the IRS with respect to each ERISA
Plan that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code.  
(c) Except as set forth in Section 4.10(c) of the Crestline
Disclosure Schedule, Crestline has no liability to (i) any ERISA Plan that is
subject to Title IV of ERISA, or (ii) any multi-employer plan (as defined in
Section 3(37) of ERISA which is a pension plan).   (d) None of Crestline,
any of its Subsidiaries, any ERISA Affiliate, any of the ERISA Plans, any
trust created thereunder, nor to Crestline\'s knowledge, any trustee or
administrator thereof has engaged in a transaction or has taken or failed to
take any action in connection with which Crestline, any of its Subsidiaries,
any ERISA Affiliate, any ERISA Plan or any such trust could be subject to any
liability pursuant to ERISA, the Code or any other applicable Law which could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Crestline.  
(e) All contributions which Crestline, any of its Subsidiaries or any ERISA
Affiliate is required to pay under the terms of each of the ERISA Plans have
been timely paid in full or properly recorded on the financial statements or
records of Crestline or its Subsidiaries in all material respects.   (f) To
the knowledge of Crestline, each of the Plans has been operated and
administered in accordance with applicable Laws, including but not limited to
ERISA and the Code except to the extent that the failure to do so would
not have a Material Adverse Effect on Crestline.   (g) There has been no
failure by any of the ERISA Plans that is intended to be "qualified" within
the meaning of Section 401(a) of the Code to meet the requirements of such
qualification which would have a Material Adverse Effect on Crestline. Except
as disclosed in Section 4.10(g) of the Crestline Disclosure Schedule,
Crestline has timely received a favorable determination letter from the IRS
for each Plan, as applicable, stating that the Plan is so qualified and that
the trust maintained pursuant thereto is exempt from federal income taxation
under Section 501(a) of the Code, and no event has occurred since the date of
such letter(s) from the IRS which would have an adverse effect on
the qualified status of any such Plan or the exempt status of any such
trust.    16     (h) Except as disclosed in Section 4.10(h) of the
Crestline Disclosure Schedule, no Plan provides benefits, including without
limitation death or medical benefits (whether or not insured), with respect
to current or former employees of Crestline, its Subsidiaries or any ERISA
Affiliate after retirement or other termination of service (other than (i)
coverage mandated by applicable Laws, (ii) death benefits or retirement
benefits under any "employee pension benefit plan," as that term is defined
in Section 3(2) of ERISA, or (iii) benefits, the full direct cost of which is
borne by the current or former employee (or beneficiary thereof)).   (i)
Except (i) as disclosed in Section 4.10(i) of the Crestline
Disclosure Schedule, (ii) as provided by the terms of the Plans, or (iii) as
provided elsewhere in this Agreement, the consummation of the Merger
contemplated by this Agreement will not (A) entitle any current or former
employee, officer or director of Crestline, any of its Subsidiaries or any
ERISA Affiliate to severance pay, unemployment compensation or any other
similar termination payment, or (B) accelerate the time of payment or
vesting, or increase the amount of or otherwise enhance any benefit due, or
any option or other equity security held by, any such employee, officer or
director.   (j) There are no pending or, to Crestline\'s knowledge,
threatened or anticipated claims by or on behalf of any Plan, by any employee
or beneficiary under any such Plan or otherwise involving any such Plan
(other than routine claims for benefits) which could have a Material Adverse
Effect on Crestline.   (k) Except as otherwise disclosed in Section 4.10(k)
of the Crestline Disclosure Schedule, no employees of Crestline or its
Subsidiaries are employed under employment agreements, union agreements,
collective bargaining agreements, or similar arrangements.   Section 4.11
Taxes.  -----   (a) With respect to periods ending after December 28, 1998,
each of Crestline and its Subsidiaries has timely filed (or has had timely
filed on its behalf) or will file or cause to be timely filed, all Tax
Returns required by applicable Law to be filed by it prior to or as of the
Closing Date, except where the failure to do so would not have a Material
Adverse Effect. Except as set forth in Section 4.11(a) of the Crestline
Disclosure Schedule, all such Tax Returns and amendments thereto are, or will
be before the Closing Date, true, complete and correct in all material
respects.   (b) Each of Crestline and its Subsidiaries has paid (or has had
paid on its behalf), or has established (or has had established on its behalf
and for its sole benefit and recourse), adequate reserves in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles in the Base Balance Sheet for the
payment of, all Taxes due with respect to any period ending prior to or as of
the date of the Base Balance Sheet (without regard to whether such Taxes have
been assessed), except where the failure to do so would not have a Material
Adverse Effect on Crestline.   (c) No Audit by a Tax Authority is pending
or, to the knowledge of Crestline, has been threatened with respect to any
Taxes due from Crestline or any of its Subsidiaries that could reasonably be
expected to result in a material adjustment. There are no outstanding waivers
extending the statutory period of limitation relating to the payment of Taxes
due from Crestline or any of its Subsidiaries for any taxable period ending
prior to the Closing Date, except with respect to audits which if decided
adversely would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Crestline. Except as
set forth in Section 4.11(c) of the Crestline Disclosure Schedule, no issue
has been raised by any Tax Authority in any Audit of Crestline or any of its
Subsidiaries or of any other entity at any time affiliated with Crestline or
any of its Subsidiaries that if raised with respect to any other period not
so audited could reasonably be expected to result in a   
17    material proposed deficiency for any period not so audited. No
outstanding power of attorney has been executed or filed with respect to
Crestline or its Subsidiaries with any Tax Authority.   (d) Except as set
forth in Section 4.11(d) of the Crestline Disclosure Schedule and except for
amounts that do not exceed $300,000 in the aggregate, no deficiency or
adjustment for any Taxes has been proposed, asserted or assessed against
Crestline or any of its Subsidiaries that has not been resolved or paid or
for which an adequate accrual has not been established in its books
and records in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
and Crestline and its Subsidiaries have not received any notice of
violations, assessments, levies, or inadequacies in connection with payments,
returns, or reports for any Taxes applicable to any of them or their assets.
There are no Liens for Taxes upon the assets of Crestline or any of its
Subsidiaries, except Liens for current Taxes not yet due and payable and for
which adequate accruals have been established in its books and records in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.   (e) All Tax
sharing agreements, Tax indemnity agreements and similar agreements to which
Crestline or any of its Subsidiaries is a party are disclosed in the SEC
Documents and a list of such agreements is set forth in Section 4.11(e) of
the Crestline Disclosure Schedule and, except for parties mentioned in these
agreements, neither Crestline nor its Subsidiaries is under any contractual
obligation to indemnify any other Person with respect to Taxes.   (f) Except
as set forth in Section 4.11(f) of the Crestline Disclosure Schedule and
provided that Crestline is not a "publicly held corporation" (as defined in
Section 162(m)(2) of the Code), as of the last day of the current taxable
year of Crestline, none of the amounts payable under any of the Plans or any
other contract, agreement, or arrangement with respect to which Crestline
or any of its Subsidiaries may have any liability will fail to be deductible
for the current taxable year for Federal income tax purposes by virtue of
Section 162(m) of the Code. Crestline has made available all information
requested by Barcelo or its accountants, counsel or representatives for the
purpose of determining the application of Section 280G of the Code to amounts
payable to employees of Crestline and its Subsidiaries.   (g) All amounts
that have been required to be withheld have been withheld from all employees,
customers, and other applicable payees (and timely paid to the appropriate
governmental entity or set aside in an account for these purposes) for all
periods through the Closing Date in compliance with all Tax withholding
provisions of applicable Federal, state, local and foreign laws (including,
without limitation, income, social security, and employment Tax withholding
for all types of compensation), except where the failure to so withhold shall
not have a Material Adverse Effect on Crestline.   (h) No claim has ever
been made by any Tax Authority in a jurisdiction in which Crestline or its
Subsidiaries does not file Tax Returns that it or they may be subject to
taxation by that jurisdiction.   (i) To Crestline\'s knowledge, neither
Crestline nor any of its Subsidiaries has any material liability for Taxes of
any other Person (i) under Section 1.1502-6 of the United States Treasury
Regulations (or any similar provision of state, local or foreign law), (ii)
as a transferee or successor by operation of law, (iii) by contract except as
described in Section 4.11(e), or (iv) otherwise.   (j) None of the assets
of Crestline or its Subsidiaries constitutes tax-exempt bond financed
property or tax-exempt use property, within the meaning of Section 168 of the
Code.   (k) Section 4.11(k) of the Crestline Disclosure Schedule sets forth
a list of all rulings and closing agreements relating to Taxes of Crestline
or its Subsidiaries.   18     Section 4.12 Environmental Matters. 
---------------------   (a) Prior to the date of this Agreement, Crestline
and each of its Subsidiaries delivered to Barcelo: (i) all environmental
audits, evaluations, assessments, studies, soil, groundwater, sediment and
surface water test results, asbestos surveys, asbestos operation and
maintenance plans, environmental insurance policies and any other reports
concerning Materials of Environmental Concern within their possession or
custody (and where they have knowledge of such reports but do not have
possession or custody, they have advised Barcelo of the same) for the Hotel
Properties and for any other location owned, managed, or leased by Crestline
or any of its Subsidiaries since January 1, 1999; (ii) all written
Environmental Claims, decrees, compliance orders, administrative orders or
settlements of Environmental Claims within the possession or custody of
Crestline or its Subsidiaries (and where they have knowledge of such decrees,
orders or settlements but do not have possession or custody, they have
advised Barcelo of the same) relating to the Hotel Properties or any other
location owned, managed, or leased by Crestline or its Subsidiaries since
January 1, 1999.   (b) Except as set forth in Section 4.12(b) of the
Crestline Disclosure Schedule, Crestline and its Subsidiaries and, to
Crestline\'s knowledge, the Hotel Properties are, and any other location
owned, managed or leased by Crestline or any of its Subsidiaries since
January 1, 1999 were, in substantial compliance with all applicable Federal,
state, local and foreign laws, regulations and Permits relating to pollution
or protection of human health or the environment, including, without
limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or
subsurface strata, and natural resources (together "Environmental Laws" and
including, without limitation, laws, regulations and Permits relating to
emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals,
pollutants, contaminants, wastes, toxic or hazardous substances or wastes,
petroleum and petroleum products, polychlorinated biphenyls ("PCBs"),
or asbestos or asbestos-containing materials (collectively "Materials
of Environmental Concern")), or otherwise relating to the manufacture,
processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or
handling of Materials of Environmental Concern.   (c) Except as set forth
in Section 4.12(c) of the Crestline Disclosure Schedule, neither Crestline
nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any communication, whether from a
Governmental Entity, private citizens or citizens\' group, employee,
adjoining land owner, or Person, which alleges that Crestline or any such
Subsidiary, any Hotel Property or any other location owned, leased or managed
by Crestline or any of its Subsidiaries since January 1, 1999 is not or was
not in substantial compliance with any Environmental Laws, and, to
the knowledge of Crestline, there are no circumstances that may prevent or
interfere with such compliance in the future.   (d) Except as set forth in
Section 4.12(d) of the Crestline Disclosure Schedule, there is no claim,
demand, action, cause of action, written notice of Federal, state or local
"superfund" lien, notice of violation, notice of potential liability, request
for information, written notice of investigation or other written notice
(together "Environmental Claim") that has been received by Crestline or any
Subsidiary from any Person alleging potential liability (including, without
limitation, potential liability for investigatory costs, cleanup costs,
governmental response costs, natural resources damages, property damages,
personal injuries, or penalties) arising in whole or in part out of, based on
or resulting from (i) the presence, release or potential release into the
environment, of any Material of Environmental Concern at any location
owned, operated or leased by Crestline or any of its Subsidiaries, since
January 1, 1999, or (ii) circumstances forming the basis of any violation, or
alleged violation, of any Environmental Law, that in either case is pending
or, to Crestline\'s knowledge, threatened against Crestline or any of its
Subsidiaries or against any Person whose liability for any Environmental
Claim Crestline or any of its Subsidiaries has retained or assumed either
contractually or by operation of law.   19     (e) Except as set forth
in Section 4.12(e) of the Crestline Disclosure Schedule, to Crestline\'s
knowledge, soil, groundwater, surface water and sediment at the Hotel
Properties are, and any other location owned, managed or leased by Crestline
or any of its Subsidiaries since January 1, 1999 were, free from Materials of
Environmental Concern in concentrations or quantities that, individually or
in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Crestline.  
Section 4.13 Permits; Compliance with Laws. 
-----------------------------   (a) Each of Crestline and its Subsidiaries
has in effect all Federal, state, local and foreign governmental approvals,
authorizations, certificates, filings, franchises, orders, registrations,
findings of suitability, licenses, notices, permits, applications and rights,
including all authorizations under any applicable Law ("Permits"), including,
where applicable, those Permits required to be held in the names of officers
or other personnel, necessary for the Hotel Properties to operate and
Crestline and its Subsidiaries to own, lease or operate the Hotel Properties
and other assets and to carry on their business as now conducted, except for
any Permits the failure of which to obtain or hold would not, individually or
in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Crestline. There has
occurred no default under or violation of any such Permit, except for any
default or violation which would not, individually or in the aggregate, have
a Material Adverse Effect on Crestline. To the knowledge of Crestline, no
event has occurred which permits, or upon the giving of notice or passage of
time or both would permit, revocation, non-renewal, modification, suspension
or termination of any Permit that currently is in effect, other than any
revocation, non-renewal, modification, suspension or termination
that, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse
Effect on Crestline.   (b) Crestline and its Subsidiaries are in compliance
with all applicable statutes, laws, ordinances, rules, orders and regulations
of any Governmental Entity, except where the failure to so comply would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on
Crestline.   (c) Neither Crestline, any Subsidiary of Crestline, nor, to the
knowledge of Crestline, any entity managing the Hotel Properties, has
received any written claim, demand, notice, complaint, court order or
administrative order from any Governmental Entity, which remains unresolved
on the date hereof or which was not favorably disposed of, asserting that a
Permit of it or them or for any of the Hotel Properties, as applicable, under
any Laws should be limited, revoked, suspended or not renewed other than any
limitation, revocation or suspension that, individually or in the aggregate,
would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Crestline.   Section 4.14
Intellectual Property.  ---------------------   (a) Crestline and its
Subsidiaries own or possess adequate licenses or other valid right to use all
patents, trademarks (registered or unregistered), trade names, service marks
and copyrights and applications therefor and all other Intellectual Property
used or held for use in connection with the respective businesses of
Crestline and its Subsidiaries as currently conducted.   (b) Except as set
forth in Section 4.14(b) of the Crestline Disclosure Schedule, neither
Crestline nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice from
any other Person pertaining to or challenging the right of Crestline or any
of its Subsidiaries to use any of the Intellectual Property. No claims are
pending by any Person with respect to the ownership, validity, enforceability
or use of any such Intellectual Property challenging or questioning the
validity or effectiveness of any of the Intellectual Property and neither
Crestline nor any of its Subsidiaries has made any claim of a violation or
infringement by others of its rights to or in connection with
the Intellectual Property.   20     Section 4.15 State Takeover
Statutes. Crestline and the Board of Directors  ----------------------- of
Crestline have each taken all action required to be taken in order to
render inapplicable to this Agreement (as it may be amended from time to
time) and the Merger contemplated hereby the provisions of Sections 3-601 to
3-604 and Sections 3-701 to 3-709 of the MGCL and the provisions of any other
applicable anti-takeover laws and regulations of any U.S. state.   Section
4.16 Brokers. Section 4.16 of the Crestline Disclosure Schedule 
------- sets forth any broker\'s, finder\'s, financial advisor\'s or other
similar fee or commission payable in connection with this Agreement and the
Merger contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on
behalf of Crestline or any of its Subsidiaries. There are no other broker\'s,
finder\'s, financial advisor\'s or other similar fee or commission owed or
payable by Crestline or any of its Subsidiaries.   Section 4.17 Title to
Property. Except as set forth in Section 4.17 of the 
----------------- Crestline Disclosure Schedule, Crestline and each of its
Subsidiaries has good and marketable title to, or a valid leasehold interest
in, all items of real property reflected in the Base Balance Sheet, or
currently used in the operation of their respective businesses, and such
property or leasehold interests are free and clear of all Liens, except (i)
the Lien for current taxes, payments of which are not yet delinquent, (ii) as
disclosed in the SEC Documents, (iii) for property disposed of in the
ordinary course of business, (iv) such exceptions to title and Liens which
would not interfere with the use and enjoyment of such property and leasehold
interests, (v) any interest or title of a lessor in the property subject to
any lease, (vi) Liens on property disclosed in a title policy, report or
commitment with respect to such property, and (vii) Liens that, individually
or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect on
Crestline.   Section 4.18 Insurance. Crestline and its Subsidiaries have
obtained and  --------- maintain in full force and effect insurance with
responsible and reputable insurance companies or associations in such
amounts, on such terms and covering such risks (including fire and other
risks insured against by extended coverage, and public liability insurance,
insurance against claims for personal injury or death or property damage
occurring in connection with any of the activities of Crestline or its
Subsidiaries or any of the Hotel Properties owned, leased, occupied or
controlled by Crestline or its Subsidiaries) as is customarily carried by
Persons conducting businesses similar to those of Crestline in the locations
in which Crestline conducts its businesses, or, if greater, in an amount as
may be required by a lender under any and all documents evidencing any loan
or credit facility to which Crestline or its Subsidiaries is a party or by a
landlord under any lease or similar arrangement to which Crestline or
its Subsidiaries is a party or by any Governmental Entity or issuer of any
guaranty, surety bond, letter of credit, or similar entity. There is no claim
by Crestline or any of its Subsidiaries pending under any of such policies,
bonds, guaranties, letters, or other arrangement as to which coverage has
been questioned, denied or disputed by the underwriters or issuers thereof.
All premiums due and payable under such insurance policies have been timely
paid by Crestline or its Subsidiaries and all claims made under such
insurance policies by Crestline or its Subsidiaries were made on a timely
basis.   Section 4.19 Material Contracts. Except as otherwise set forth in
Section  ------------------ 4.19 of the Crestline Disclosure Schedule or as
may relate to any Material Contract that relates to a Permitted Transaction:
(i) the Material Contracts are in full force and effect, and there are no
defaults by any party thereunder, except for any failure to be in full force
and effect or any default which would not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect on Crestline; (ii) Crestline and its
Subsidiaries have not received from any party to any Material Contract a
notice of default which has not been cured or a notice of termination or
intent to terminate the same; (iii) copies of the Material Contracts
containing all provisions applicable thereto have been provided to Barcelo
prior to the execution of this Agreement; (v) the Material Contracts are
legally valid and binding obligations of Crestline and its Subsidiaries and,
to the knowledge of Crestline, each of the other parties thereto, and are
enforceable in accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof
may be limited by (A) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,  
21    moratorium or other similar laws now or hereafter in effect relating
to creditors\' rights generally and (B) equitable defenses and judicial
discretion in connection with remedies of specific performance and injunctive
relief.   Section 4.20 Rights Agreement. To Crestline\'s knowledge, no
"Distribution  ---------------- Date" or "Triggering Event" (as such terms
are defined in the Rights Agreement) has occurred as of the date of this
Agreement. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the
consummation of the Merger contemplated hereunder will not cause (A) the
Rights issued pursuant to the Rights Agreement to become exercisable or the
Rights to separate from the Crestline Common Stock, (B) Barcelo or Cowboy
Acquisition Corp to be deemed an "Acquiring Person" (as defined in the Rights
Agreement), or (C) a "Stock Acquisition Date" or a "Triggering Event" (each
as defined in the Rights Agreement) to occur upon any such event.   Section
4.21 Ownership Limit. To the knowledge of Crestline, as of the date 
--------------- hereof, no Person has beneficial ownership of Crestline
Common Stock in excess of the "Ownership Limit" (as defined in Section 8.1 of
the charter of Crestline) and no shares are held in a Charitable Trust (as
defined in Section 8.1 of the charter of Crestline).   Section 4.22 Books
and Records. All books and records maintained by 
----------------- Crestline and its Subsidiaries are complete and correct in
all material respects and have been made available to Barcelo and its
accountants, counsel or representatives.   ARTICLE V   REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF  BARCELO AND COWBOY ACQUISITION CORP   Barcelo and Cowboy
Acquisition Corp represent and warrant to Crestline as follows:   Section
5.1 Organization, Standing and Corporate Power. Barcelo is a 
------------------------------------------ limited liability company duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of Spain and
has the requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now being
conducted. Cowboy Acquisition Corp is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Maryland and has
the requisite corporate power and authority to carry on its business as now
being conducted. Cowboy Acquisition Corp was formed solely for the purpose of
engaging in the Merger contemplated by this Agreement and has not engaged in
any business activities or conducted any operations other than in connection
with such Merger. Barcelo is duly qualified or licensed to do business and is
in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or
the ownership or leasing of its properties makes such qualification or
licensing necessary, except for those jurisdictions in which the failure
to be so qualified or licensed or to be in good standing, individually or in
the aggregate, is not reasonably likely to (a) result in a Material Adverse
Effect on the ability of Barcelo or Cowboy Acquisition Corp to consummate the
Merger, or (b) legally prevent or materially delay Barcelo or Cowboy
Acquisition Corp from consummating the Merger. Barcelo and Cowboy Acquisition
Corp have provided to Crestline complete and correct copies of their
certificate of incorporation or organization and bylaws in effect on the date
of this Agreement.   Section 5.2 Authority; Noncontravention. Barcelo and
Cowboy Acquisition  --------------------------- Corp have the requisite
corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to consummate
the Merger. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Barcelo and
Cowboy Acquisition Corp and the consummation of the Merger have been duly
authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Barcelo and
Cowboy Acquisition Corp. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered
by   22    Barcelo and Cowboy Acquisition Corp and, assuming this
Agreement constitutes the valid and binding obligation of Crestline,
constitutes a valid and binding obligation of Barcelo and Cowboy Acquisition
Corp, enforceable against Barcelo and Cowboy Acquisition Corp in accordance
with its terms. The execution and delivery of this Agreement does not, and
the consummation of the Merger and compliance with the provisions of this
Agreement will not, require notice or consent under, conflict with, or result
in any violation of, or default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or
both) under, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or
acceleration of any obligation or to loss of a material benefit under, or
result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of
Barcelo and Cowboy Acquisition Corp (any such violation, default, right of
termination, cancellation or acceleration, loss or creation, a "Violation")
under, (a) the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of Barcelo and Cowboy
Acquisition Corp, (b) any loan or credit agreement, note, bond, mortgage,
indenture, lease or other agreement or instrument to which Barcelo or Cowboy
Acquisition Corp are bound, or any permit, concession, franchise or license
applicable to Barcelo or Cowboy Acquisition Corp or their properties
or assets, or (c) subject to the governmental filings and other matters
referred to in the following paragraph, any judgment, order, decree, statute,
law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to Barcelo or Cowboy
Acquisition Corp or their properties or assets, other than, in the case of
clauses (b) or (c), any Violation that, individually or in the aggregate,
would not reasonably be likely to (i) result in a Material Adverse Effect on
the ability of Barcelo or Cowboy Acquisition Corp to consummate the Merger,
or (ii) legally prevent or materially delay Barcelo or Cowboy Acquisition
Corp from consummating the Merger.   No consent, approval, order or
authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with, any
Governmental Entity is required by Barcelo or Cowboy Acquisition Corp in
connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Barcelo or
Cowboy Acquisition Corp or the consummation by Barcelo of the Merger, except
for (A) if required, compliance with and the filings under the HSR Act, (B)
if required, filings with the European Community and the Spanish
Administration, (C) the filing with the SEC of such reports under Section
14(a) of the Exchange Act as may be required in connection with
this Agreement and the Merger, (D) such filings as may be required by any
applicable state securities or "blue sky" laws, and (E) such other consents,
approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings
with a Governmental Entity the failure of which to be obtained or made would
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be likely to (i) result in
a Material Adverse Effect on the ability of Barcelo or Cowboy Acquisition
Corp to consummate the Merger, or (ii) legally prevent or materially delay
Barcelo or Cowboy Acquisition Corp from consummating the Merger.   Section
5.3 Litigation. There is no action, suit or proceeding pending or, 
---------- to the knowledge of Barcelo or Cowboy Acquisition Corp, threatened
against Barcelo or Cowboy Acquisition Corp or affecting any of their
properties or assets nor are any Governmental Entity investigations or audits
pending before any court or governmental agency or body against Barcelo or
Cowboy Acquisition Corp or affecting any of their respective assets or
properties which, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be
likely to (a) result in a Material Adverse Effect on the ability of Barcelo
or Cowboy Acquisition Corp to consummate the Merger, or (b) legally prevent
or materially delay Barcelo or Cowboy Acquisition Corp from consummating the
Merger.   Section 5.4 Brokers. Except for the fee payable to Banc of
America  ------- Securities LLC, there are no broker\'s, finder\'s,
financial advisor\'s or other similar fee or commission owed or payable by
Barcelo or any of its Affiliates in connection with the Merger.   Section
5.5 Funding. Barcelo has available, and will provide to Cowboy 
------- Acquisition Corp, the funds necessary to consummate the Merger as
contemplated by Section 3.2(a) of this Agreement on a timely basis and to
satisfy the obligations of Crestline.   23     Section 5.6 Ownership of
Shares of Host Marriott Corporation. Neither 
------------------------------------------------ Barcelo nor Cowboy
Acquisition Corp owns, and neither Barcelo nor Cowboy Acquisition Corp will
own, actually or constructively, shares of capital stock of Host Marriott
Corporation that constitute greater than 2.0% in value of the outstanding
shares of capital stock of Host Marriott Corporation, and no person or entity
who would own, constructively by virtue of Barcelo\'s ownership of Crestline
(computed assuming that the Merger had been consummated on this date or on
the Closing Date), shares of capital stock of Crestline that
constitute greater than 9.9% in value of the outstanding shares of capital
stock of Crestline, owns, actually or constructively, shares of capital stock
of Host Marriott Corporation that constitute greater than 2.0% in value of
the outstanding shares of capital stock of Host Marriott Corporation. For
purposes of this Section 5.6, constructive ownership of shares is determined
by applying the attribution rules set forth in Section 318 of the Code as
modified by Section 856(d)(5) of the Code. Barcelo and Cowboy Acquisition
Corp expressly acknowledge that any violation of this representation or any
attempted violation thereof, will result in the application of the remedies
set forth in Section 8.2 of the charter of Crestline with respect to shares
of Crestline Common Stock held in excess of the "Ownership Limit" (as such
term is defined in Section 8.1 of the charter of Crestline, as in effect on
the date hereof).   Section 5.7 Ownership of Crestline Common Stock. As of
the date hereof,  ----------------------------------- neither Barcelo nor
Cowboy Acquisition Corp nor any of their respective Subsidiaries or
Affiliates (x) owns, beneficially or of record, or (y) is a party to any
agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose of acquiring,
holding, voting or disposing of (except for this Agreement and the Merger
contemplated hereunder), any shares of Crestline Common Stock.   ARTICLE
VI   COVENANTS OF CRESTLINE   Section 6.1 Conduct of Business Pending the
Merger.  --------------------------------------   (a) During the term of
this Agreement, except with the prior written consent of Barcelo (requests
for which shall be considered in good faith on a timely basis under the
circumstances by Barcelo) and except (i) as specifically required or
permitted by this Agreement, (ii) as permitted or prohibited under subsection
(b) of this Section 6.1, or (iii) in connection with any
Permitted Transaction, Crestline shall and shall cause its Subsidiaries to
carry on their respective businesses in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice and use all reasonable efforts to preserve
intact their current business organizations, keep available the services of
their current officers and key employees and preserve their material
relationships consistent with past practice with customers, suppliers,
licensors, licensees, distributors, franchisors, lessors, owners and others
having business dealings with them with the goal that their goodwill and
ongoing businesses shall be unimpaired in all material respects at the
Closing Date.   (b) Except as required pursuant to the Stock Compensation
Plans and the Change in Control Separation Pay Plan of Crestline or as
otherwise expressly permitted or contemplated by the terms of this Agreement
or in connection with any Permitted Transaction, without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, without the prior approval of Barcelo (requests
for which shall be considered in good faith on a timely basis under the
circumstances by Barcelo), Crestline shall not, and shall not permit or
authorize any of its Subsidiaries to:   (i) (A) declare, set aside or pay
any dividends on, or make any other distributions or payments in respect of,
any of its stock, whether in cash, securities, or otherwise, other than
dividends and distributions by any direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiary
of Crestline to its parent, made in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice; (B) split, combine, reclassify,
recapitalize,   24    exchange, or readjust in any manner any of its
stock or other equity securities or issue or authorize the issuance of any
other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of
its stock, or (C) purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire or amend the terms of
any shares of stock of Crestline or any of its Subsidiaries or any other
securities thereof or any rights, warrants, options to acquire or any
securities convertible into or exchangeable for any such shares or other
securities (other than, after notice to Barcelo, issuances or redemptions of
stock of wholly owned Subsidiaries occurring between Crestline and any of its
wholly owned Subsidiaries or occurring between wholly owned Subsidiaries of
Crestline);   (ii) except as set forth in Section 6.1(b)(ii) of the
Crestline Disclosure Schedule, issue, deliver, sell, grant, pledge or
otherwise encumber or amend any shares of its capital stock, any other voting
securities or any securities convertible or exchangeable into, or any rights,
warrants or options to acquire, any such shares, voting securities or
convertible or exchangeable securities (other than the issuance of Crestline
Common Stock upon the exercise of the Crestline Stock Options or the Deferred
Stock outstanding as of the date of this Agreement);   (iii) amend its
charter, bylaws or other comparable charter or organizational documents
(except as required to satisfy Section 6.4 hereof) other than amendments to
change the name of any Subsidiary or amendments or other changes that are
ministerial or immaterial to such Subsidiary or take any action under the
Rights Agreement (except as required to satisfy Section 6.5 hereof), or adopt
any other stockholder rights plan or enter into any agreement, with any of
its stockholders in their capacity as such;   (iv) except in connection with
the Merger contemplated by this Agreement, voluntarily take any action that
would result in the failure to maintain the listing of Crestline Common Stock
on the NYSE;   (v) other than the projects set forth in Section 6.1(b)(v)
of the Crestline Disclosure Schedule (which amounts for such projects shall
not exceed in the aggregate between the date of this Agreement and June 30,
2002 (A) $5,000,000 in commitments and funding of equity investments and
mezzanine loans, or (B) $4,000,000 in commitments to provide debt
guarantees), develop, acquire or agree to develop or acquire any projects,
assets or lines of business, including without limitation by merging or
consolidating with, or by purchasing all or a substantial portion of the
assets of, or by any other manner, any business or any corporation,
partnership, joint venture, association or other business organization or
division thereof, or any assets that are material, individually or in the
aggregate, to Crestline or any of its Subsidiaries, except purchases of
inventory, furnishings and equipment in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice;   (vi) except as authorized in Section
6.1(b)(v) hereof or as set forth in Section 6.1(b)(vi) of the Crestline
Disclosure Schedule, sell, lease, license, swap, barter, transfer or
otherwise convey, mortgage or otherwise encumber or subject to any Lien any
of its Hotel Properties or any of its assets, except for furnishings,
consumables, expendables, and inventory which are sold or consumed and
replaced or replenished in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice;   (vii) (A) except as authorized in Section 6.1(b)(v) hereof
or as set forth in Sections 4.2(c) and 6.1(b)(vii) of the Crestline
Disclosure Schedule, incur any Indebtedness, forgive any Indebtedness of any
Person to Crestline or its Subsidiaries, issue or sell any debt securities or
warrants or other rights to acquire any debt securities of Crestline or any
of its Subsidiaries, guarantee any debt securities or other Indebtedness of
another Person, enter into any "keep well" or other agreement to maintain any
financial statement condition of another Person or enter into any arrangement
having the economic effect of any of the foregoing, or (B) other than to
Crestline or any direct or indirect Subsidiary of Crestline, make any loans,
advances or capital contributions to, or investments in, any other
Person;   25     (viii) settle any Audit relating to Taxes pending as of
the date hereof or arising on or after the date hereof, make any Tax
election, or amend any Tax Return in any respect other than settlements in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice in an amount
not to exceed, in the aggregate, $500,000;   (ix) pay, discharge, settle or
satisfy any claims, liabilities or obligations (absolute, accrued, asserted
or unasserted, contingent or otherwise), other than the payment, discharge,
settlement or satisfaction in accordance with their terms of (A) liabilities
reflected or reserved against in the Base Balance Sheet, (B) claims,
liabilities or obligations covered by adequate insurance or surety bond, or
(C) claims, liabilities or obligations incurred in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice in an amount not to exceed, in the
aggregate, $500,000;   (x) except in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice, waive the benefits of, or agree to modify in
any manner, any confidentiality, standstill or similar agreement to which
Crestline or any of its Subsidiaries is a party;   (xi) (A) make any change
in the compensation payable or to become payable to any of its officers,
directors, employees, agents or consultants (other than (i) general increases
in wages to employees who are not officers, directors or Affiliates in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, and (ii) salary
increases and bonuses payable to officers of Crestline or its Subsidiaries
pursuant to the terms of any agreement pertaining to them existing as of the
date hereof); (B) except as required pursuant to this Agreement or to
maintain the Plan\'s compliance with applicable Law, enter into or amend any
Plan or make any loans to any of its officers, directors, employees,
Affiliates, agents or consultants or make any change in its
existing borrowing or lending arrangements for or on behalf of any of such
Persons pursuant to a Plan or otherwise; or (C) enter into any transaction,
agreement or arrangement with any of Crestline\'s or any of its
Subsidiaries\' Affiliates, officers, directors, stockholders or their
Affiliates, associates or family members or do or enter into any of the
foregoing with respect to employees, agents or consultants;   (xii) pay or
make any accrual or arrangement for payment of any pension, retirement
allowance or other employee benefit pursuant to any Plan, to any officer,
director, employee, consultant or Affiliate or pay or agree to pay or make
any accrual or arrangement for payment to any officers, directors, employees,
consultants or Affiliates of Crestline of any amount relating to unused
vacation days, except payments and accruals for unused vacation days made in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; adopt
or voluntarily pay, grant, issue, accelerate or accrue salary or other
payments or benefits pursuant to any Plan with or for the benefit of any
director, officer, employee, agent or consultant, whether past or present,
other than as required under applicable law or the current terms of any Plan;
or amend in any material respect any Plan in a manner inconsistent with the
foregoing;   (xiii) except as required by Law, enter into or amend
any collective bargaining agreement;   (xiv) except as set forth in Section
6.1(b)(xiv) of the Crestline Disclosure Schedule, modify or amend or cause
any other Person to modify or amend any Material Contract or any other
material agreement, arrangement, conveyance, lease, license, permit, or other
source of assets, or waive, release or assign any material rights or
claims;   (xv) fail to make any scheduled principal or interest payment on
Indebtedness evidenced by debt instruments to which Crestline or any of
its Subsidiaries is a party;   26     (xvi) enter or cause any other
Person to enter any contracts, licenses, easements or other agreements
relating to the Hotel Properties which will be a charge or Lien against the
Hotel Properties except those necessary to continue the operation of the
Hotel Properties in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice, or which are terminable without penalty on no more than thirty (30)
days notice; or   (xvii) authorize any of, or commit or agree to take any
of, the foregoing actions except as otherwise permitted by this
Agreement.   (c) Cash on Hand. Notwithstanding any other provision of this 
------------ Section 6.1, on the Closing Date, Crestline shall have available
cash on hand in a bank account capable of immediate wire transfer in the
amount of at least $547,000,000 (plus any cash received by Crestline from the
exercise of any outstanding Crestline Stock Options less any cash expended
for (i) transactions by Crestline authorized pursuant to Section 6.1(b)(v) of
this Agreement not to exceed $5,000,000, (ii) transaction expenses incurred
by Crestline in connection with the Merger not to exceed $4,000,000, and
(iii) severance or bonus retention payments made by Crestline not to exceed
$3,100,000, each between and including the date of this Agreement and the
Closing Date).   Section 6.2 Advice of Changes. Barcelo and Crestline shall
promptly  ----------------- advise the other party in writing of:   (a)
Any representation or warranty made by it contained in this Agreement
becoming untrue or inaccurate in any material respect;   (b) The failure by
it to comply with or satisfy in any material respect any covenant, condition
or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it under this Agreement;
or   (c) Any change or event having, or which, insofar as can reasonably be
foreseen, would have, a Material Adverse Effect on such party;
provided, however, that no such notification shall affect the
representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of the parties or the
conditions to the obligations of the parties under this Agreement.  
Section 6.3 No Solicitation.  ---------------   (a) Unless or until this
Agreement shall have been terminated pursuant to Article IX hereof, except as
otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, Crestline shall not, nor
shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, nor shall it authorize or permit
any agent, officer, director or employee of, or any investment banker,
attorney or other advisor or representative (each a "Representative") of,
Crestline or any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit,
initiate or encourage the making of any Acquisition Proposal, (ii)
participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding, or furnish to any
Person any non-public information with respect to, or take any other action
to facilitate any inquiry or the making of, any proposal that constitutes or
may be reasonably expected to lead to, an Acquisition Proposal, except as
required by Law or pursuant to a request for information from a Governmental
Entity, or (iii) enter into any letter of intent, agreement in principle,
acquisition agreement or other similar agreement with respect to
any Acquisition Proposal. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Crestline may, in
response to an unsolicited, written Acquisition Proposal which the Board of
Directors of Crestline determines, in good faith, would reasonably be
expected to lead to a Superior Proposal and, subject to compliance with
Section 6.3(c) and pursuant to an executed confidentiality agreement with
customary terms and conditions at least as restrictive as the confidentiality
provisions of the agreements entered into between Barcelo and Crestline, (A)
furnish information with respect to Crestline to the Person who made such
unsolicited proposal and its Representatives and afford to such Person and
its Representatives access   27    to the properties, books, records,
officers, employees and Representatives of Crestline and its Subsidiaries,
and (B) participate in discussions or negotiations with, or accept an
Acquisition Proposal from, such Person and its Representatives regarding such
Acquisition Proposal. All Representatives shall immediately cease and cause
to be terminated any existing activities, discussions and negotiations with
any parties conducted heretofore with respect to, or that could reasonably be
expected to lead to, any of the foregoing.   (b) Until this Agreement has
been terminated in accordance with its terms, the Board of Directors of
Crestline shall not (x) withdraw or modify, or publicly propose to withdraw
or modify, in a manner adverse to Barcelo, the approval or recommendation by
such Board of Directors of this Agreement or the Merger, or (y) approve or
recommend, or publicly propose to approve or recommend, any Acquisition
Proposal. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board of Directors of Crestline
may withdraw or modify its approval or recommendation of this Agreement and
the Merger if the Board of Directors determines, in good faith after
consultation with outside legal counsel, that it is necessary to do so in
order to comply with its fiduciary or statutory duties under
applicable Law.   (c) In addition to the obligations of Crestline set forth
in paragraph (b), Crestline shall advise Barcelo in writing promptly of any
Acquisition Proposal, the material terms and conditions of such Acquisition
Proposal, and the identity of the Person making any such Acquisition
Proposal. Crestline will use reasonable efforts to keep Barcelo informed of
the status and details (including amendments or proposed amendments) of any
such Acquisition Proposal.   (d) Nothing contained in this Section 6.3 shall
prohibit Crestline from (i) taking and disclosing to its stockholders a
position contemplated by Rule 14d-9 or Rule 14e-2 promulgated under the
Exchange Act, or (ii) making any required disclosure to Crestline\'s
stockholders.   Section 6.4 Ownership Limits. Prior to the Closing Date,
Crestline  ---------------- shall take all necessary action to render
Section 8.2 of the charter of Crestline relating to the "Ownership Limit" (as
defined in Section 8.1 of the charter of Crestline) inapplicable to the
Merger contemplated by this Agreement, including taking the following actions
in accordance with Section 8.2.7 of the charter of Crestline: (a) causing the
Board of Directors of Crestline to grant an exception to such "Ownership
Limit;" and (b) having in effect the consent of Host Marriott Corporation set
forth in paragraph (2) of Section 1.6 of the Crestline Disclosure Schedule,
other than as a result of (x) any breach by Barcelo or Cowboy Acquisition
Corp of its representations and warranties set forth in Section 5.6 or 5.7
above, or (y) any breach of the representations and covenants by Barcelo or
Cowboy Acquisition Corp pursuant to that certain Agreement and Consent dated
March 27, 2002 by and among Host Marriott Corporation, Crestline, Barcelo and
Cowboy Acquisition Corp.   Section 6.5 Rights Agreement. Prior to the
Closing Date, Crestline  ---------------- shall take all necessary action to
render the Rights inapplicable to the Merger contemplated by this
Agreement.   Section 6.6 Access to Hotel Properties and Records. Crestline
and its  -------------------------------------- Subsidiaries shall afford to
Barcelo and Barcelo\'s accountants, counsel and representatives reasonable
access during normal business hours throughout the period prior to the
Closing Date (or the earlier termination of this Agreement pursuant to
Article IX) upon prior notice to all its personnel, the Hotel Properties,
books, contracts, commitments and records (including, but not limited to, Tax
Returns) and any and all other information reasonably requested concerning
their businesses, properties, personnel and third party records to which
Crestline or its Subsidiaries have legal access not heretofore
provided. Crestline and its Subsidiaries shall authorize Barcelo and
Barcelo\'s accountants, counsel and representatives to contact franchisors,
owners, managers, lessors and sublessors of the Hotel Properties and Hotel
Leases, all governmental agencies and officials, domestic and foreign, and
for such third parties, agencies and   28    officials to release all
such information and documents relating to Crestline, its Subsidiaries and
their operations and businesses as Barcelo may reasonably request.  
Section 6.7 Employees.  ---------   (a) Prior to Closing, Crestline shall
have entered into new employment agreements with Bruce Wardinski, James
Francis and Dave Durbin. Such new employment agreements shall be in the forms
approved by Barcelo and shall be contingent upon consummation of the Merger
contemplated by this Agreement, shall be effective as of the Closing Date and
shall terminate in the event of a termination of this Agreement.   (b)
Crestline shall, contingent on Closing and effective as of the Effective
Time, (i) release all collateral under the Pledge and Custody Agreements
entered into under the Secured Promissory Notes (including an Amended and
Restated Replacement Secured Promissory Note) (a "Loan Award Note") under the
Crestline 1999 Executive Loan Award Program, as amended (the "Loan
Program") and (ii) provide each participant with an outstanding Loan Award
Note with a written waiver of the requirement for a pledge of collateral to
secure repayment of the Loan Award Note, which waiver shall otherwise reserve
all other rights of Crestline and the participant under such Loan Award Notes
and the Loan Program.   ARTICLE VII   ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS   Section
7.1 Stockholders Meeting. As promptly as possible after 
-------------------- clearance by the SEC of the Proxy Statement (as defined
below), Crestline will duly call, give notice of, and as soon as applicable
Law allows convene and hold a meeting of the holders of Crestline Common
Stock (the "Crestline Stockholders Meeting") for purposes of approving the
Merger contemplated by this Agreement.   Section 7.2 Proxy Statement; Other
Filings.  ------------------------------   (a) Crestline shall, as promptly
as practicable after the execution of this Agreement, and in no event later
than 30 days after the date hereof, prepare and file with the SEC a proxy
statement (together with any amendments or supplements thereto, the "Proxy
Statement") in connection with the Merger. Barcelo shall, upon request of
Crestline, furnish Crestline with such information concerning itself as may
be required by Law or any Governmental Entity in connection with the Proxy
Statement. Crestline shall cause the Proxy Statement to comply as to form in
all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Exchange Act.
Crestline agrees that the Proxy Statement and each amendment or supplement
thereto at the time it is mailed to Crestline stockholders shall not include
an untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact or
necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in
which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that the foregoing
shall not apply to the extent that any untrue statement of a material fact or
omission to state material fact was made by Crestline in reliance upon and in
conformity with information concerning Barcelo or its Affiliates furnished in
writing to Crestline by Barcelo or its attorneys or advisors specifically for
use in the Proxy Statement. As promptly as possible after clearance by the
SEC of the Proxy Statement, Crestline shall mail the Proxy Statement to its
stockholders. Crestline shall indemnify and hold harmless Barcelo and its
Subsidiaries and Affiliates and their respective officers, directors,
stockholders, partners, members, equityholders, employees and agents from and
against any and all losses, liabilities, costs, and expenses
(including reasonable attorneys\' fees) directly arising out of any untrue
statement of material fact (or omission of a statement of material fact
necessary in order to make the statements therein not materially misleading)
made in the Proxy Statement. Barcelo shall indemnify and hold harmless
Crestline, its   29    Subsidiaries and their respective officers,
directors, employees and agents from and against any and all losses,
liabilities, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys\' fees)
directly arising out of any untrue statement of material fact (or omission of
a statement of material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein not materially misleading) made in the Proxy Statement in reliance
upon and in conformity with information concerning Barcelo or its Affiliates
furnished to Crestline in writing by Barcelo specifically for use in the
Proxy Statement.   (b) As promptly as practicable, each party hereto shall
properly prepare and file any other filings required under the Exchange Act
or any other Laws relating to the Merger contemplated hereby (collectively,
"Other Filings").   (c) Barcelo shall furnish Crestline with all information
concerning it as Crestline may reasonably request in connection with the
preparation of the Proxy Statement and the Other Filings.   (d) Crestline
shall provide copies of drafts of the Proxy Statement to Barcelo and its
counsel at least two business days prior to the date of any filing of such
document with the SEC (including with respect to each amendment or supplement
thereto) so as to allow Barcelo to comment on such documents. Prior to filing
any Proxy Statement with the SEC, Crestline shall consider, in good faith,
any comments on such Proxy Statement made by, or changes requested by,
Barcelo or its attorneys or advisors. Crestline shall also promptly
provide Barcelo with copies of any written correspondence received from or
communicated to the SEC.   Section 7.3 Confidentiality. Except as otherwise
agreed to by the other  --------------- party, notwithstanding termination
of this Agreement, each party will keep confidential and will not disclose,
and will cause its officers, employees, accountants, counsel, financial
advisers and other representatives and Affiliates to keep confidential and
not to disclose, to any Person other than such party and its directors,
officers, employees, Affiliates, agents, or consultants, including attorneys,
lenders, and investment bankers, and then only on a confidential basis all
Confidential Information (as defined below); provided, however, that each
party may disclose Confidential Information (i) as required by law, rule,
regulation or judicial process, (ii) to its attorneys, accountants, financial
advisors, lenders, placement agents, investment bankers and underwriters on a
confidential basis, or (iii) as required by any Governmental Entity. For
purposes of this Agreement, "Confidential Information" shall include all
information about the other party, which has been furnished by the other
party or any third person; provided, however, that Confidential Information
does not include information which (A) is or becomes generally available to
the public other than as a result of a disclosure by a party, its attorneys,
accountants or financial advisors not permitted by this Agreement, (B) was
available to a party on a non-confidential basis prior to its disclosure by
the other party, or (C) becomes available to a party on a non-
confidential basis from a Person other than the other party and who, to the
knowledge of the first party, is not otherwise bound by a confidentiality
agreement or is not otherwise prohibited from transmitting the relevant
information. In the event of termination of this Agreement for any reason,
each party shall promptly return all Confidential Information to the other
party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties shall comply with, and
shall cause their Representatives and Affiliates to comply with, all of their
respective obligations under the Confidentiality Agreement dated February 28,
2002 between Crestline and Barcelo Hospitality USA, Inc.   Section 7.4
Reasonable Efforts; Notification. Upon the terms and 
-------------------------------- subject to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement, each of the parties agrees to use all reasonable efforts to take,
or cause to be taken, or as appropriate to refrain from taking (including
through its officers and directors and other appropriate personnel), all
actions, and to do, or cause to be done, or as appropriate to refrain from
doing, and to assist and cooperate with the other parties in doing, all
things reasonably necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make
effective, in the most expeditious manner practicable, the Merger  
30     contemplated by this Agreement, including (a) the obtaining in the
most expeditious manner as possible of all necessary actions or nonactions,
waivers, consents and approvals from Governmental Entities and the making of
all necessary registrations and filings with the appropriate Governmental
Entities, including the SEC and the Antitrust Authorities, if applicable, and
the taking of all reasonable steps as may be necessary to obtain Permits or
waivers from, or to avoid an action or proceeding by, any Governmental
Entity, (b) the obtaining of the MI Material Consent to the extent set forth
in Section 7.7 hereof and, once the MI Material Consent is obtained, the
maintaining in effect of the MI Material Consent, (c) the defending of any
lawsuits or other legal proceedings, whether judicial or administrative,
challenging this Agreement or the consummation of the Merger contemplated by
this Agreement, including seeking to have any stay or temporary restraining
order entered by any court or other Governmental Entity vacated or reversed,
and (d) the execution and delivery of any additional instruments necessary to
consummate the Merger contemplated by, and to fully carry out the purposes
of, this Agreement. In connection with and without limiting the foregoing,
the parties shall (including through its officers and directors and other
appropriate personnel) (i) take all reasonable action necessary to ensure
that no U.S. state takeover, business combination, control share, fair price
or fair value statute or similar statute or regulation is or becomes
applicable to this Agreement or the Merger contemplated by this Agreement,
and (ii) if any U.S. state takeover, business combination, control share,
fair price or fair value statute or similar statute or regulation
becomes applicable to this Agreement or the Merger contemplated by this
Agreement, take all reasonable action to ensure that the Merger contemplated
by this Agreement may be consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms
contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise to minimize the effect of such
statute or regulation on this Agreement and the Merger contemplated by this
Agreement.   Section 7.5 Public Announcement. Barcelo and its respective
Affiliates,  ------------------- on the one hand, and Crestline, on the
other hand, will consult with each other before issuing, and provide each
other the opportunity to review and comment upon, any press release or other
public statements with respect to this Agreement and the Merger contemplated
by this Agreement, and shall not issue any such press release or make any
such public statement prior to such consultation, except as may be required
by applicable Law, court process or by obligations pursuant to the NYSE (in
which case the parties will use reasonable efforts to cooperate in good faith
with respect to such press release or other public statement). The parties
agree that the initial press release to be issued with respect to this
Agreement and the Merger contemplated by this Agreement shall be in the form
heretofore agreed to by the parties.   Section 7.6 Indemnification;
Directors\' and Officers\' Insurance. 
---------------------------------------------------   (a) Barcelo shall, to
the fullest extent permitted by Law, cause the Surviving Corporation to honor
all of Crestline\'s obligations to indemnify (including any obligations to
advance funds for expenses) the current or former directors, executive
officers or employees of Crestline for acts or omissions by such directors,
executive officers or employees occurring prior to the Effective Time to the
extent that such obligations of Crestline exist on the date of
this Agreement, whether pursuant to the Crestline charter, or bylaws,
individual indemnity agreements or the MGCL, and such obligations shall
survive the Merger and shall continue in full force and effect in accordance
with the terms of Crestline\'s charter, or bylaws, such individual indemnity
agreements, and the MGCL from the Effective Time, without further action
until the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations with respect to
any claims against such directors, executive officers or employees arising
out of such acts or omissions.   (b) For a period of six years after the
Effective Time, Barcelo shall cause the Surviving Corporation to maintain in
effect the current policies of directors\' and officers\' liability insurance
maintained by Crestline (provided that Barcelo may substitute therefor
policies with reputable and financially sound carriers, in each case of at
least the same coverage and amounts containing terms and conditions which are
no less advantageous) with respect to claims arising from or related to facts
or events which occurred at or before the Effective Time; provided, that
Barcelo shall not be obligated to   31    pay a premium for such
insurance for such six-year period in excess of 175% of the annual premium
paid as of the date hereof by Crestline for such insurance (such 175% amount,
the "Maximum Premium"). If such insurance coverage cannot be obtained at all,
or can only be obtained at a premium in excess of the Maximum Premium,
Barcelo shall maintain the most advantageous policies of such directors\' and
officers\' insurance obtainable for a premium equal to the
Maximum Premium.   Section 7.7 Approvals and Consents. 
----------------------   (a) Crestline and Barcelo shall have entered into
one or more agreements constituting the MI Material Consent in form and
content satisfactory to Barcelo and consistent with the terms and conditions
set forth in the MI Term Sheet. Crestline and Barcelo each agree that the
failure to execute the MI Material Consent shall not constitute a breach of
any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of either Crestline or
Barcelo under this Agreement. Crestline will use commercially reasonable
efforts to obtain all other consents, approvals, orders, and authorizations
from, any Governmental Entity and any non-governmental Person, as necessary
or required for Crestline to perform this Agreement and consummate the
Merger.   (b) As to any Governmental Entity or non-governmental third
parties, if any, who will not provide a required consent, approval, order, or
authorization which is to be obtained through Crestline\'s efforts under this
Agreement, Barcelo shall have the right, at Barcelo\'s expense, to (i)
negotiate with such third party to obtain the same upon any terms acceptable
to Barcelo and/or (ii) take other action as deemed appropriate by Barcelo,
without prejudice to Barcelo\'s rights, waiver of Crestline\'s obligations,
or waiver of any condition under this Agreement.   Section 7.8 Transfer
Taxes. All liability for any transfer or other  -------------- similar taxes
in connection with the exchange of Crestline Common Stock, if any, or the
consummation of any other transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall
be borne by Barcelo or the Surviving Corporation.   Section 7.9 Liquor
Licenses.  ---------------   (a) Barcelo and Crestline will exert
cooperative, reasonably diligent efforts prior to the Closing to determine
whether applicable governmental authorities having jurisdiction over the
liquor licenses held in connection with any of the Hotel Properties will
require action to transfer or re-issue any of such liquor licenses in
connection with the Merger.   (b) If it should be determined that such
transfer or re-issuance is required, Crestline and Barcelo will cooperate in
all reasonable respects to obtain such transfer or re-issuance to Barcelo or
its designee in applicable locations as soon as practicable.   Section 7.10
Barcelo Funding. Immediately prior to the Effective Time, 
--------------- Barcelo shall deposit or cause to be deposited with the
Paying Agent pursuant to Section 3.2(a) in immediately available funds for
payment towards the aggregate Merger Consideration in connection with the
Merger contemplated by this Agreement an amount equal to $32,300,000 (plus an
incremental amount of up to $5,000,000, but only to the extent that Crestline
has less than $547,000,000 (as adjusted for the items contained in Section
6.1(c)(ii) and (iii)) cash on hand at Closing as a result of cash expended by
Crestline for transactions authorized pursuant to Section 6.1(b)(v) of this
Agreement).   32     ARTICLE VIII  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT   Section 8.1
Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect the Merger. 
---------------------------------------------------------- The respective
obligation of each party to close the transactions and effect the Merger is
subject to the satisfaction or waiver on or prior to the Closing Date of the
following conditions:   (a) Stockholder Approval. The Merger shall have been
approved and  -------------------- adopted by the Requisite Vote of
Crestline\'s stockholders in accordance with applicable Law and the charter
and other organizational documents of Crestline.   (b) No Injunctions or
Restraints. No statute, rule, regulation, 
---------------------------- executive order, decree, temporary restraining
order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order enacted, entered,
promulgated, enforced or issued by any Governmental Entity or other legal
restraint or prohibition preventing the consummation of the Merger
contemplated hereby shall be in effect; provided, in the case of a decree,
injunction or other order, such decree, injunction or other order has not
been caused or allowed by Crestline or its Subsidiaries, each of the parties
shall have used their best efforts to prevent the entry of any such
injunction or other order and to appeal as promptly as possible any decree,
injunction or other order that may be entered.   (c) Governmental Consents.
All consents, approvals and actions of,  --------------------- filings with
and notices to any Antitrust Authority necessary to permit Barcelo, Cowboy
Acquisition Corp and Crestline to perform their respective obligations under
this Agreement and to consummate the Merger contemplated hereby shall
have been duly obtained, made or given and shall be in full force and effect,
and all terminations or expirations of waiting periods imposed by any
Antitrust Authority necessary for the consummation of the Merger contemplated
by this Agreement shall have occurred.   Section 8.2 Conditions to
Obligations of Barcelo. The obligations of 
------------------------------------ Barcelo to close the transactions and
effect the Merger are further subject to the satisfaction or waiver on or
prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:   (a)
Representations, Warranties, Covenants and Agreements. The 
----------------------------------------------------- representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements of Crestline contained herein that are
qualified as to materiality shall be true and accurate, and those not so
qualified shall be true and accurate in all material respects, in each case
as of the Effective Time, with the same effect as if made as of the Effective
Time (except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which
case as of such date); provided, however, that such
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements shall be deemed to be
true and correct in all material respects (or in the case of representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements qualified as to materiality, true and
correct) unless the failure of such representations, warranties, covenants
and agreements (without regard, for purposes of this Section 8.2(a), to any
materiality or Material Adverse Effect qualifications contained in any
particular representation, warranty, covenant or agreement), individually or
in the aggregate, to be so true and correct or true and correct in all
material respects would be reasonably likely to (i) result in the
termination, cancellation or material modification of Material Contracts
having an aggregate adverse effect on the revenues of Crestline and its
Subsidiaries in excess of $4,000,000, or (ii) result in an adverse impact on
the business, properties, assets or financial condition or results of
operations of Crestline and its Subsidiaries of at least $10,000,000 in
value. Barcelo shall have received at Closing certificates signed on
behalf of Crestline by its President and its Chief Financial Officer to such
effect.   (b) No Material Adverse Effect. Since the date of this
Agreement,  -------------------------- there shall not have occurred any of
the following: (i) any Material Adverse Effect that, individually or in the
aggregate, is   33    reasonably likely to (A) result in the
termination, cancellation or material modification of Material Contracts
having an aggregate adverse effect on the revenues of Crestline and its
Subsidiaries in excess of $4,000,000, or (B) result in an adverse impact on
the business, properties, assets or financial condition or results of
operations of Crestline and its Subsidiaries of at least $10,000,000 in
value; or (ii) the failure to have in effect at Closing any Material Consent
that would constitute a Material Adverse Effect (as defined herein).   (c)
Closing Deliveries. Barcelo shall have received the documents and 
------------------- items to be delivered by Crestline or otherwise received
by Barcelo.   Section 8.3 Conditions to Obligations of Crestline. The
obligations of  -------------------------------------- Crestline to effect
the Merger are further subject to the satisfaction or waiver on or prior to
the Closing Date of the following conditions:   (a) Representations and
Warranties. The representations, warranties, 
------------------------------ covenants and agreements of Barcelo contained
herein that are qualified as to materiality shall be true and accurate, and
those not so qualified shall be true and accurate in all material respects,
in each case as of the Effective Time, with the same effect as if made as of
the Effective Time (except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier
date, in which case as of such date), provided, however, that such
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements shall be deemed to be
true and correct in all material respects (or in the case of representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements qualified as to materiality, true and
correct) unless the failure to be so true and correct or true and correct in
all material respects would be reasonably likely to (i) have a Material
Adverse Effect on Barcelo (without regard, for purposes of this Section
8.3(a), to any materiality or material adverse effect
qualifications contained in any particular representation, warranty, covenant
or agreement), or (ii) prevent or materially delay Barcelo or Cowboy
Acquisition Corp from consummating the Merger. Crestline shall have received
certificates signed on behalf of Barcelo by its President to such effect.  
ARTICLE IX   TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER   Section 9.1 Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated at any time  ----------- prior to the
Closing, whether before or after approval of matters presented at the
Crestline Stockholders Meeting in connection with the Merger:   (a) by
mutual written consent of each of the parties;   (b) by Barcelo upon written
notice to Crestline, if: (i) Crestline shall have suffered a Material Adverse
Effect which would give rise to a failure of either of the conditions set
forth in Section 8.2(b) and such Material Adverse Effect is not cured within
30 days after written notice thereof; (ii) Crestline shall have breached or
failed to perform in any material respect any of its representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, which
breach (A) would give rise to a failure of the condition set forth in Section
8.2(a), and (B) cannot be or has not been cured within 30 days of the date of
notice of such breach; provided, in each case, that neither Barcelo nor
Cowboy Acquisition Corp is then in material breach of any representations,
warranties or covenants contained in this Agreement (after the expiration of
applicable cure periods);   (c) by Crestline upon written notice to Barcelo,
if Barcelo or Cowboy Acquisition Corp shall have breached or failed to
perform in any material respect any of its representations, warranties,
covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, which breach (A) would
give rise to a failure of   34    the condition set forth in Section
8.3(a), and (B) cannot be or has not been cured within 30 days of the date of
notice of such breach; provided, in each case, that Crestline is not then in
material breach of any representations, warranties or covenants contained in
this Agreement (after the expiration of applicable cure periods);   (d) by
either Barcelo or Crestline if any Governmental Entity shall have issued an
order, decree or ruling or taken any other action permanently enjoining,
restraining or otherwise prohibiting the acceptance for payment of, or
payment for, shares of Crestline Common Stock pursuant to the Merger and
such order, decree or ruling or other action shall have become final
and nonappealable, provided the party seeking to terminate shall have used
its best efforts to resist, resolve or lift, as applicable, such order,
decree, ruling or other action, subject to the provisions of Section 7.4.  
(e) by either Barcelo or Crestline, at any time after September 30, 2002 (the
"Termination Date"), unless such date is extended (i) by a cure provision
hereunder, (ii) as a result of a decree, temporary restraining
order, preliminary injunction or other court action that has not been
finally determined, (iii) in order to comply with requests or waiting periods
by any Antitrust Authority, or (iv) the written consent of the parties after
approval of the respective Boards of Directors; provided, however, that the
right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 9.1(e) shall not be
available to any party whose breach of this Agreement or failure to fulfill
any obligation under this Agreement has been the primary cause of, or
resulted in, the failure of the Effective Time to occur on or before such
date;   (f) by Barcelo if the Board of Directors of Crestline shall take any
of the actions prohibited in Section 6.3(b), provided, that neither Barcelo
nor Cowboy Acquisition Corp is then in material breach of any
representations, warranties or covenants contained in this Agreement (after
the expiration of applicable cure periods);   (g) by either Crestline or
Barcelo if, at the duly held Crestline Stockholders Meeting (including for
this purpose, any postponement or adjournment thereof) at which the Merger is
voted upon, the Requisite Vote in favor of the adoption of the Merger
contemplated by this Agreement shall not have been obtained;   (h) by
Crestline if the Board of Directors of Crestline determines to accept a
Superior Proposal, but only after Crestline (A) provides Barcelo with 24
hours advance notice of the determination set forth above, and (B)
fulfills its obligation under Section 9.2(b) (provided Crestline\'s right to
terminate this Agreement under this Section 9.1(h) shall not be available if
Crestline is then in breach of Section 6.3 hereof); or   (i) by Barcelo if
the MI Material Consent shall not have been obtained within 30 days of the
date hereof; provided, however, that any termination pursuant to this Section
9.1(i) must occur prior to the execution of the agreements constituting the
MI Material Consent.   Section 9.2 Fees and Expenses for Certain
Terminations.  ------------------------------------------   (a) Except as
provided herein, all fees and expenses incurred in connection with this
Agreement and the Merger contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party
incurring such fees or expenses, whether or not the Merger
is consummated.   (b) Crestline shall pay, or cause to be paid, to Barcelo
$18,000,000 (the "Termination Fee") if any of the following shall occur: (i)
Barcelo or Crestline, as applicable, terminates this Agreement pursuant to
Section 9.1(g) and prior to such termination an Acquisition Proposal shall
have been made;   35    (ii) Barcelo terminates this Agreement pursuant
to Section 9.1(f); or (iii) Crestline terminates this Agreement pursuant to
Section 9.1(h).   (c) Crestline shall pay, or cause to be paid, to Barcelo
$7,500,000 (the "Crestline Liquidated Damages") if any of the following shall
occur: (i) Barcelo terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.1(b)(ii);
or (ii) Barcelo or Crestline terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section
9.1(d) and a court or other tribunal has permanently enjoined, restrained or
prohibited the Merger in connection with an Acquisition Proposal.   (d)
Barcelo shall pay, or cause to be paid, to Crestline $7,500,000 (the "Barcelo
Liquidated Damages") if Crestline terminates this Agreement pursuant to
Section 9.1(c).   (e) Crestline shall pay, or cause to be paid, to Barcelo
costs and expenses in an amount not to exceed $5,000,000 (the "Crestline
Payment") if any of the following shall occur: (i) Barcelo or Crestline, as
applicable, terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.1(g) and prior to
such termination an Acquisition Proposal has not been made; or (ii)
Barcelo terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.1(b)(i).   (f)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, each of Crestline
and Barcelo expressly agrees that, with respect to any circumstances where a
Termination Fee, Crestline Liquidated Damages or Barcelo Liquidated Damages
are payable hereunder, the payment of such Termination Fee,
Crestline Liquidated Damages or Barcelo Liquidated Damages shall not
constitute a penalty with respect to any claim for damages or any other claim
which the party receiving such payment would otherwise be entitled to assert
against the party making such payment or any of its Subsidiaries with respect
to this Agreement and shall constitute the sole and exclusive remedy
available to the party receiving such payment (other than damages that arise
from a willful breach of this Agreement). The parties hereto expressly
acknowledge and agree that, in light of the difficulty of accurately
determining actual damages with respect to the foregoing upon any termination
of this Agreement under circumstances where Crestline Liquidated Damages or
Barcelo Liquidated Damages are payable hereunder, the right to payment under
this Section 9.2: (i) constitutes a reasonable estimate of the damages that
will be suffered by reason of any such proposed or actual termination of this
Agreement; and (ii) shall be in full and complete satisfaction of any and all
damages arising as a result of the foregoing (other than damages that arise
from a willful breach of this Agreement). The parties hereto further
expressly acknowledge and agree that the Termination Fee was negotiated at
arms length by both parties taking into consideration all of the facts and
circumstances surrounding the transaction. This Section 9.2 is an integral
part of the Merger contemplated by this Agreement and that, absent these
provisions, Barcelo would not have entered into this Agreement.   (g)
Except as expressly otherwise provided in this Section 9.2, to the extent a
Termination Fee, Crestline Liquidated Damages, Crestline Payment or Barcelo
Liquidated Damages shall be payable hereunder, only one such payment shall be
made for a termination event. Subject to the provisions of Section 9.2(i) and
except as otherwise expressly provided in Section 9.1(h), the payment of the
Termination Fee, the Crestline Liquidated Damages or Barcelo
Liquidated Damages pursuant to this Section 9.2 shall be made within two
business days of the date of such termination by wire transfer of same day
funds to an account designated by the party receiving such payment. Subject
to the provisions of Section 9.2(i), the payment of the Crestline Payment
pursuant to Section 9.2(e) above shall be made by wire transfer of same day
funds to an account designated by Barcelo within two business days after
delivery to Crestline of a demand for payment and a documented itemization
setting forth in reasonable detail all Barcelo Expenses.   36     (h)
In the event that (i) Barcelo collects any part of the Termination Fee, the
Crestline Liquidated Damages or the Crestline Payment through an attorney, or
(ii) Crestline collects any part of the Barcelo Liquidated Damages through an
attorney, all reasonable and documented costs of such collection, including
attorneys\' fees and court costs incurred by the party receiving such payment
(including, without limitation, those related to any reasonably necessary
investigation and those incurred at all levels of legal proceedings) shall be
payable as a part of any amounts to which such party is
entitled hereunder.   (i) Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the
contrary, Crestline shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any
Termination Fee, Crestline Liquidated Damages or Crestline Payment or other
amounts payable pursuant to this Section 9.2 such amounts as it is required
to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such payment under any
provision of Federal, state, local or foreign Tax law.   Section 9.3 Effect
of Termination. In the event of termination of this 
--------------------- Agreement by either Crestline or Barcelo as provided in
Section 9.1, this Agreement shall forthwith become void and have no effect,
without any liability or obligation on the part of Barcelo or Crestline, or
their respective Subsidiaries, officers or directors, except with respect to
(i) Section 7.2, Section 7.3, Section 9.2, this Section 9.3 and Article X,
and (ii) any liabilities or damages incurred or suffered by a party as a
result of the willful and material breach by the other party of any of its
representations, warranties, covenants or other agreements set forth in this
Agreement.   Section 9.4 Amendment. This Agreement may be amended by the
mutual  --------- written agreement of the parties at any time before or
after any required approval of matters presented at the Crestline
Stockholders Meeting in connection with the Merger; provided, that after any
such approval, there shall not be any amendment that by law requires further
approval by such stockholders without the further approval of such
stockholders. This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in
writing signed on behalf of each of the parties.   Section 9.5 Extension;
Waiver. At any time prior to the Closing, the  ----------------- parties may
(a) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other
acts of the other parties, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations
and warranties of the other party contained in this Agreement or in any
document delivered pursuant to this Agreement, or (c) waive compliance by the
other party with any of the agreements or conditions contained in
this Agreement. Any agreement on the part of a party to any such extension or
waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on
behalf of such party. The failure of any party to this Agreement to assert
any of its rights under this Agreement or otherwise shall not constitute a
waiver of those rights.   Section 9.6 Procedure for Termination, Amendment,
Extension or Waiver. 
--------------------------------------------------------- A termination of
this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.1, an amendment of this Agreement
pursuant to Section 9.4 or an extension or waiver pursuant to Section 9.5
shall, in order to be effective, require in the case of Barcelo or Crestline,
action by its Board of Directors or the duly authorized designee of its Board
of Directors.   ARTICLE X   GENERAL PROVISIONS   Section 10.1 Non-
Survival of Representations. None of the 
------------------------------- representations and warranties in this
Agreement shall survive the Effective Time. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
this Section 10.1 shall not limit any covenant or agreement of the parties
which by its terms contemplates performance after the Effective Time of the
Merger.   37     Section 10.2 Notices. All notices, requests, claims,
demands and other  ------- communications under this Agreement shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given if delivered personally or sent by
overnight courier (providing proof of delivery) to the parties or sent by
telecopy (providing confirmation of transmission) at the following addresses
or telecopy number (or at such other address or telecopy number for a party
as shall be specified by like notice):   (a) if to Barcelo or Cowboy
Acquisition Corporation, to:   Barcelo Gestion Hotelera, S.L.  c/o Barcelo
Hospitality USA, Inc.  2121 P Street  Washington, DC 20037  Attention: Mr.
Charles Scott  Telephone: 202-956-6620  Facsimile: 202-956-6671   with a
copy to:   Holland and Knight LLP  1201 West Peachtree Street, NE, Suite
2000  Atlanta, Georgia 30309-3400  Attention: W. Reeder Glass, Esq. 
Telephone: 404-817-8522  Facsimile: 404-881-0470   (b) if to Crestline
(through March 31, 2002), to:   Crestline Capital Corporation  6600
Rockledge Avenue, Suite 600  Bethesda, Maryland 20817  Attention: Tracy M.J.
Colden, Esq., Senior Vice President,  General Counsel and Secretary 
Telephone: 240-694-2000  Facsimile: 240-694-2040   On or after April 1,
2002, to:   8405 Greensboro, Suite 500  McLean, Virginia 22102  Telephone:
571-328-1700  Facsimile: 571-328-1757   38     with a copy to:  
Latham and Watkins  11400 Commerce Park Drive, Suite 200  Reston, Virginia
20191  Attention: Scott Herlihy, Esq.  Telephone: 703-390-0902  Facsimile:
703-390-0901   Section 10.3 Severability. The provisions of this Agreement
shall be  ------------ deemed severable and the invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision shall not affect the validity or
enforceability of the other provisions. Upon a determination that any term or
other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the
parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as
to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in a
mutually acceptable manner in order that the Merger be consummated as
originally contemplated to the fullest extent possible.   Section 10.4
Interpretation. When a reference is made in this Agreement 
-------------- to an Article, Section or Schedule, such reference shall be to
an Article or Section of, or a Schedule to, this Agreement unless otherwise
indicated. The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference
purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation
of this Agreement. Whenever the words "include," "includes" or "including"
are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed conclusively to be followed
by the words "without limitation."   Section 10.5 Counterparts. This
Agreement may be executed in one or  ------------ more counterparts, all of
which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become
effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the
parties and delivered to the other parties.   Section 10.6 Entire Agreement;
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This 
---------------------------------------------- Agreement, including all
schedules and exhibits thereto, and the Confidentiality Agreement between
Barcelo Hospitality USA, Inc. and Crestline dated February 28, 2002 together
constitute the entire agreement, and supersede all prior agreements and
understandings, both written and oral, including the Exclusivity Agreement
between Barcelo Hospitality USA, Inc. and Crestline dated February 28, 2002,
among the parties with respect to the subject matter of this agreement and,
except for the provisions of Article III and Section 7.6, is not intended to
confer upon any Person other than the parties any rights or
remedies hereunder.   Section 10.7 Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE
GOVERNED BY, AND  ------------- CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF
THE STATE OF MARYLAND WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY APPLICABLE CONFLICTS OF LAW.  
Section 10.8 Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, 
---------- interests or obligations under this Agreement shall be assigned,
in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise by any of the parties
without the prior written consent of the other parties, except that Barcelo
may assign, in its sole discretion, any of or all its rights, interests and
obligations under this Agreement to any Person in which Barcelo owns an
equity interest of at least 51% and has the power to direct or cause the
direction of the management policies of such Person, provided that any such
assignment (a) shall not release Barcelo of its obligations hereunder, and
(b) shall not result in the failure to obtain or have in effect at any time
any consent of any Governmental Entity or any third party (including any
Material Consent) required or contemplated hereunder. Subject to the
preceding sentence, this Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit
of, and be enforceable by, the parties and their respective successors and
assigns.   39     Section 10.9 Enforcement. The parties hereto agree
that irreparable  ----------- damage would occur in the event that any of
the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their
specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that
Barcelo shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches
of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of
this Agreement in any Federal court of the United States having subject
matter jurisdiction and located in the State of Maryland or in Maryland state
court, this being in addition to any other remedy to which it is entitled at
law or in equity.   Section 10.10 Submission to Jurisdiction. Each of the
parties hereto  -------------------------- (a) irrevocably and
unconditionally submits, for itself and its property to the exclusive
jurisdiction of any Federal court of the United States of America located in
the State of Maryland or any Maryland state court and any appellate court
from any thereof in any action or proceeding arising out of this Agreement or
the Merger contemplated by this Agreement or for recognition or
enforcement of any judgment relating thereto, (b) agrees that any claim in
respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such
Maryland state court or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal
courts, and (c) waives to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively
do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of
venue of any such action or proceeding in any such Maryland state or Federal
court and the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such
action or proceeding in any such Maryland state or Federal court. Each of the
parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding
shall be conclusive and may be enforced in the jurisdictions by suit on the
judgment or in any manner provided by law. Each party to this Agreement
irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for in the
notices in Section 10.2 and Barcelo hereby irrevocably and unconditionally
appoints Barcelo Hospitality USA, Inc. and Charles Scott, each as its agent
for service of process. Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of
any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by
Law.   Section 10.11 Time of Essence. Time is of the essence in this 
--------------- Agreement.   [Signatures appear on next page]  
40     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Crestline, Barcelo and Cowboy Acquisition Corp
have caused this Agreement to be signed by their respective officers
thereunto duly authorized, all as of the date first written above.  
CRESTLINE CAPITAL CORPORATION   By: /s/ Bruce D. Wardinski 
--------------------------------  Bruce D. Wardinski  President and
CEO    BARCELO GESTION HOTELERA, S.L   By: /s/ Charles Scott 
-------------------------------  Charles Scott  Vice President   COWBOY
ACQUISITION CORPORATION   By: /s/ Charles Scott 
-------------------------------  Charles Scott  President   41    '

