 RESTATED SALE AND PURCHASE AGREEMENT       
RESTATED SALE AND PURCHASE AGREEMENT   among   AVECIA INVESTMENTS LIMITED
AND OTHERS   and   ARCH CHEMICALS, INC.   relating to the Avecia Pool
and Spa Business  and Protection and Hygiene Business     dated 8th March
2004, restating an agreement made   between the parties on 4th March 2004 
---------------------------------------        CONTENTS  1.
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION/SCHEDULES..........................1  2.
AGREEMENT TO SELL AND PURCHASE/ASSUMPTION OF LIABILITIES..........1  3.
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT/TERMINATION RIGHTS...........................4  4.
CONSIDERATION.....................................................9  5. GAP
PERIOD UNDERTAKINGS..........................................17  6.
COMPLETION/STATUS OF LOCAL AGREEMENTS............................22  7.
WARRANTIES AND LIMITATIONS.......................................24  8.
CLAIMS PROCEDURE.................................................28  9.
REGISTRATION RIGHTS..............................................30  10.
CONTRACTS........................................................35  11.
EMPLOYEES........................................................36  12.
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT ARRANGEMENTS....................................36  13.
POST-COMPLETION OBLIGATIONS......................................36  14.
GUARANTEES.......................................................41  15.
VAT..............................................................42  16.
THIRD PARTY RIGHTS...............................................44  17.
COSTS............................................................44  18.
ANNOUNCEMENTS/CONFIDENTIALITY....................................44  19.
GENERAL..........................................................46  20.
GOVERNING LAW/PROCESS
AGENT......................................51  SCHEDULE 1 - Vendors, Shares
and Target Businesses...................52  SCHEDULE 2 - The Target
Companies....................................53  SCHEDULE 3 - Purchase Price
Adjustment...............................55  SCHEDULE 4 -
Warranties..............................................56  SCHEDULE 5 -
Limitations.............................................85  SCHEDULE 6 -
Ancillary Agreements....................................89     SCHEDULE 7
- Employment Matters......................................92  SCHEDULE 8 -
Employee Benefit Matters................................93  SCHEDULE 9 -
Completion..............................................94  SCHEDULE 10 -
Definitions And Interpretation.........................97   AGREED FORM
DOCUMENTS  AF1 Financial Statements   1A 2002 Accounts   1B 2003
Accounts  AF2 Fixed Assets List   2A UK Fixed Assets List   2B US Fixed
Assets List  AF3 Employee List  AF4 Intellectual Property List  AF5
Property List  AF6 Transaction Breakdown  AF7 Tax Deed  AF8
Environmental Deed of Assignment  AF9 Environmental Pooling
Agreement  AF10 Transitional Services Agreements   10A Transitional
Services Agreement (Spain, Singapore)   10B Reverse Transitional Services
Agreement (Japan)   10C USA Transitional Services Agreement   10D UK
Transitional Services Agreement  AF11 Ongoing Services/Supplies   11A Site
Services Agreement for Huddersfield   11B Site Services Agreement for
Blackley   11C Manufacturing Services Agreement for Grangemouth Biocides
Plant   11D Analytical Sciences Group Services Agreement   11E Site
Services Agreement for New Castle   11F Site Services Agreement for
Wilmington      11G Supply Agreement re Proxel GXL Antimicrobial and
Vantocil IB  (USA)   11H Supply Agreement re Proxel GXL Antimicrobial
(UK)  AF12 Assignment and Assumption Agreement re the PHMB Manufacturing 
Services Agreement with Cytec Industries Inc.  AF13 Intellectual Property
Agreements:   13A Know-how Assignment and Licence Agreement   13B
Regulatory Data Transfer and Access Agreement   13C Patent Assignment
(Avecia Limited)   13D Patent Assignment (Avecia Inc.)   13E Trade Mark
Assignment (Avecia Limited)   13F Software Assignment Agreement (RABIT)  
13G Trade Mark Assignment (Avecia Inc.)   13H Domain Name Assignment   13I
Dainippon Inc. Contract Assignment   13J Eastman Kodak Contract
Assignment   13K Syngenta Partial Contract Assignment  AF14 Property
Documents   14A Underlease agreement relating to part of the North
Laboratory  at Huddersfield   14B Court claims form relating to part of the
North Laboratory at  Huddersfield   14C1 Deed of Covenant relating to part
of the North Laboratory at  Huddersfield   14C2 Deed of Indemnity relating
to part of the North Laboratory at  Huddersfield   14D Transfer of the
lease for the Specialities East Plant at  Huddersfield   14E Assignment of
beneficial interest in the Seal Sands land and  buildings   14F Form TR1 re
transfer of legal title to Seal Sands   14G Lease of Biocides 1 and 2
Buildings, Blackley   14H Court Claim Form re Biocides 1 and 2 Buildings,
Blackley   14I Lease of Part of Hexagon House, Blackley   14J Court Claim
Form re Part of Hexagon House, Blackley   14K Lease Agreement for the
Biocides Pool, New Castle   14L Lease Agreement for the Lab Parcel, New
Castle   14M Assignment of Mt Pleasant Ground Lease   AF15 Other
Transaction Agreements/Documents   15A Non-Competition Agreement   15B
Deed of Covenant re Stahl   15C Actuary\'s Letter   15D Required Third
Party Consents   15E Spanish Distribution Agreement      THIS
AGREEMENT is made on 8th March 2004 among:  (1) AVECIA INVESTMENTS LIMITED a
company incorporated in England and Wales  (company number 3768296) whose
registered office is at Hexagon House,  Blackley, Manchester M9 8ZS (the
"Principal Vendor");  (2) THE COMPANIES identified in Part 1 of Schedule 1
(the "Share Vendors");  (3) THE COMPANIES identified in Part 2 of Schedule 1
(the "Business  Vendors"); and  (4) ARCH CHEMICALS, INC. a company
incorporated under the laws of the  Commonwealth of Virginia whose principal
place of business is at 501  Merritt 7, P.O. Box 5204, Norwalk, CT 06856 -
5204, USA (the  "Purchaser").  BACKGROUND  (A) The Business Vendors and
the Target Companies carry on the Business  and/or own assets relevant to the
Business.  (B) The Share Vendors own the entire issued share capital of the
Target  Companies.  (C) The Principal Vendor is an indirect parent company
of the Business  Vendors and the Share Vendors.  (D) On 4th March 2004 the
Vendors agreed to sell and the Purchaser agreed to  purchase the Operations
(by way of acquisition of the Shares and the  Business Assets and the
assumption of the Business Liabilities) as a  going concern on and subject to
the terms and conditions set out in this  Agreement.  (E) On 4th March 2004
the Principal Vendor agreed to provide warranties,  covenants, indemnities
and undertakings on and subject to the terms and  conditions set out in this
Agreement.  (F) This Agreement restates the agreement reached between the
parties on 4th  March 2004.  IT IS AGREED AS FOLLOWS  1. DEFINITIONS AND
INTERPRETATION/SCHEDULES  1.1. Unless the context shall otherwise require,
words and expressions in this  Agreement shall be given the meanings ascribed
to them and shall be  interpreted in accordance with Schedule 10 and, if
applicable, Part 5 of  Schedule 3.  1.2. The Schedules form part of and
shall be construed as one with this  Agreement.  2. AGREEMENT TO SELL AND
PURCHASE/ASSUMPTION OF LIABILITIES  2.1. On the terms and subject to the
conditions of this Agreement  (including in particular the Conditions
Precedent), on the  Completion Date, the Share Vendors shall sell and the
Purchaser (or  a Local Purchaser) shall purchase the Shares and the
Business  Vendors shall sell and the Purchaser (or a Local Purchaser) shall 
purchase the Target Businesses and Business Assets as a going  concern, with
the benefit of the warranties and undertakings  contained in this     
2    Agreement and together with all rights and advantages attaching 
thereto at Completion. The Purchaser and the Local Purchasers shall  acquire
no interest under this Agreement in the Excluded Assets.  2.2. The Purchaser
or a Local Purchaser shall with effect from Completion  assume, duly and
punctually pay, satisfy, discharge, perform or  fulfil all of the applicable
Business Liabilities, provided that, in  the case of the Creditors, the
assumption provided for in this  Clause 2.2 shall be satisfied by:   2.2.1.
the Purchaser paying to the Principal Vendor no later than  the day falling
60 days after the Completion Date (or, if  that is not a Business Day, on the
first succeeding  Business Day, and provided that the Principal Vendor
shall  have complied with paragraph 1 of Part 2 of Schedule 3) an  amount
(the "Interim Creditors Amount") equal to the  amount of the Avecia Payment
Creditors shown in the Draft  Statements (as defined in Part 2 of Schedule 3)
prepared  by the Principal Vendor;   2.2.2. if the actual amount of
Creditors shown by the Completion  Working Capital Statement exceeds the
Interim Creditors  Amount, the Purchaser paying an amount equal to such 
excess on the Settlement Date; and   2.2.3. if the actual amount of
Creditors shown by the Completion  Working Capital Statement is less than the
Interim  Creditors Amount, the Principal Vendor repaying an amount  equal to
such shortfall to the Purchaser on the Settlement  Date.  2.3. Except as
otherwise expressly contemplated by this Agreement, the  Principal Vendor
agrees with the Purchaser (for itself and in trust  for each member of the
Purchaser\'s Group) that the Principal Vendor  shall, or shall procure that
another Vendor shall, indemnify and  keep indemnified the Purchaser and each
member of the Purchaser\'s  Group against:   2.3.1. any Excluded Liability,
any Insured Liability and any  other Liability of the Business Vendors which
is not a  Business Liability and which is not otherwise expressly  assumed
by the Purchaser or a Local Purchaser under this  Agreement, including for
the avoidance of doubt any such  Liability which is or is deemed to be or
becomes a  Liability of a member of the Purchaser\'s Group by virtue  of
applicable law, other than a Liability for which the  Purchaser would be
obliged to indemnify the Principal  Vendor pursuant to the Tax Deed;  
2.3.2. any Liability (other than a Business Liability) incurred  by any
member of the Vendors\' Group on its own behalf  which is or is deemed to be
or becomes a Liability of any  Target Company by virtue of applicable law;
and   2.3.3. any Losses which the Purchaser or a Local Purchaser may 
suffer by reason of taking any reasonable action to avoid,  resist or defend
against any Liability referred to in  Clause 2.3.1 or 2.3.2.   2.4. Except
as otherwise expressly contemplated by this  Agreement, the Purchaser agrees
with the Vendors (for  themselves and in trust for each member of the    
3   Vendors\' Group) that the Purchaser shall, or shall procure  that a
Local Purchaser shall, indemnify and keep  indemnified the Vendors and each
member of the Vendors\'  Group against:   2.4.1. all Business Liabilities
and any other Liability (other  than any Excluded Liability), to the extent
such other  Liability is incurred by the Purchaser\'s Group in carrying  on
the Operations after Completion, including for the  avoidance of doubt, (i)
any liability arising from the use  of the Avecia name as contemplated by
Clause 13.7 and (ii)  any such Liability which is or is deemed to be or
becomes  a Liability of a member of the Vendors\' Group by virtue of  any
applicable law, other than a Liability for which the  Principal Vendor would
be obliged to indemnify the  Purchaser pursuant to the Tax Deed;   2.4.2.
any Liability incurred by a Target Company on its own  behalf which is or is
deemed to be or becomes a Liability  of any member of the Vendors\' Group by
virtue of  applicable law, other than a Liability for which the  Principal
Vendor would be obliged to indemnify the  Purchaser pursuant to the Tax
Deed;   2.4.3. any other Liability to the extent it has been provided  for,
included as a Liability or reduced the value of an  asset in the Completion
Working Capital Statement; and   2.4.4. any Losses which the Vendors may
suffer by reason of the  Vendors taking any reasonable action to avoid,
resist or  defend against any Liability referred to in Clause 2.4.1,  2.4.2
or 2.4.3.  2.5. The Purchaser shall be entitled to nominate by notice in
writing to  the Principal Vendor at any time up to the date falling 20 days 
after the date of this Agreement, one or more Local Purchasers  (being in
each case a wholly-owned member of the Purchaser\'s Group  whose obligation
to any Vendor under any Local Agreement or other  Ancillary Agreement shall
be guaranteed by the Purchaser in the  terms set out in Clause 14) to
purchase any of the relevant Shares  or Business Assets (and assume the
relevant Business Liabilities)  provided that (i) the status or location of
incorporation of any  such Local Purchaser does not necessitate further
conditions to  completion other than those set out in Clause 3 and (ii) any
such  nomination shall not increase any Liability of any member of the 
Vendors\' Group under this Agreement or restrict any of the rights of  any
member of the Vendors\' Group under this Agreement.  2.6. The Principal
Vendor and the Purchaser shall after the date of this  Agreement continue to
negotiate in good faith and investigate a  possible alternative structure in
relation to the sale of the Target  Business of Avecia Comercial e Importada
Limitada (by which such  Target Business would be transferred to a new
company and the shares  in such new company sold to the Purchaser or a Local
Purchaser at  Completion). If it is reasonably practicable to give effect to
such  alternative structure without delaying Completion and without 
otherwise prejudicing the parties, the Purchaser and the Principal  Vendor
shall in good     4   faith seek to agree changes to this Agreement to
give effect to such  alternative structure.  3. CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT/TERMINATION RIGHTS  CONDITIONS  3.1. Completion is conditional
upon satisfaction (or, with respect to the  conditions described in Clauses
3.1.1 and 3.1.2, waiver by the  Purchaser and the Principal Vendor together
or, with respect to the  conditions described in Clause 3.1.3, 3.1.4 and
3.1.5, waiver by the  Purchaser) of the following conditions, or their
satisfaction  subject only to Completion:   3.1.1. any applicable waiting
period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino  Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as
amended (the "HSR  Act"), relating to the proposed acquisition of the 
Operations has expired or been terminated provided always  that:   (a) the
US Business Vendor and the Purchaser or the  relevant Local Purchaser shall
each make, on the  first Business Day after the date of this  Agreement, an
appropriate filing of notification  and report form pursuant to the HSR Act
in  relation to the proposed acquisition of the  Operations;   (b) the US
Business Vendor and the Purchaser or the  relevant Local Purchaser shall each
supply  promptly any additional information and  documentary material that
may be requested by  any United States antitrust authority pursuant  to the
HSR Act (including, for the avoidance of  doubt, upon a "second request"
being made); and   (c) the Principal Vendor, the Purchaser and the 
relevant Local Purchaser shall use all  commercially reasonable endeavours to
eliminate  each and every impediment that may be asserted  under any United
States Federal or state  statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation by  any
government, governmental, supranational or  trade agency, court or regulatory
body or any  other party so as to enable the parties to  complete
expeditiously the proposed acquisition  of the Operations (provided that the
Purchaser  and such Local Purchaser shall not be obliged to  negotiate,
commit to and/or effect, by consent  decree, hold separate order or
otherwise, the  sale or disposition of any portion of the  Operations or any
portion of the business or  assets of the Purchaser or any member of the 
Purchaser\'s Group in order to avoid the entry  of, or to effect the
dissolution of, any  injunction, temporary restraining order or other  order
in any suit or proceeding that would  otherwise have the effect of delaying
or  preventing the consummation of the Purchaser\'s  or the relevant Local
Purchaser\'s acquisition of  the Operations);   3.1.2. no applicable law or
injunction enacted, entered,  promulgated, enforced or issued by any
government,  governmental, supranational or trade   5   agency, court or
regulatory body or other legal restraint  or prohibition preventing the
proposed acquisition of any  portion of the Operations shall be in
effect;   3.1.3. no action, suit or proceedings being (i) pending before 
any court or (ii) threatened by any government,  governmental authority,
supranational or trade agency or  regulatory body which:   (a) seeks to
restrain, prohibit or otherwise  challenge the proposed acquisition of any 
portion of the Operations or any other material  transaction contemplated by
the Ancillary  Agreements; or   (b) seeks to obtain from the Purchaser or
any member  of the Purchaser\'s Group damages in connection  with the
acquisition of any portion of the  Operations as the result of or by
reference to  any breach of any obligation entered into by a  member of the
Vendors\' Group;   3.1.4. no action, suit or proceedings having been brought
or  threatened by any government, governmental authority,  supranational or
trade agency or regulatory body (i)  seeking to prohibit or limit the
ownership or operation by  the Purchaser or any member of the Purchaser\'s
Group of  any portion of the Operations or any portion of the  business and
assets of the Purchaser or any member of the  Purchaser\'s Group, or (ii)
seeking to compel the Purchaser  or any member of the Purchaser\'s Group to
dispose of or  hold separate any portion of the Operations or any portion 
of the business or assets of the Purchaser or any member  of the Purchaser\'s
Group, in each case as a result of the  proposed acquisition of any portion
of the Operations or  any other material transaction contemplated by the 
Ancillary Agreements; and   3.1.5. the consents described in the document in
the Agreed Form  AF15D shall have been obtained.  RESPONSIBILITY FOR
SATISFACTION  3.2. The Principal Vendor and the Purchaser hereby undertake
(i) not to  take (and the Principal Vendor shall procure that no member of
the  Vendors\' Group shall take and the Purchaser shall procure that no 
member of the Purchaser\'s Group shall take) any action that would 
reasonably be expected to result in any of the conditions set out in  Clause
3.1 or the Spanish Condition not being satisfied and (ii) at  their own
expense to use all reasonable endeavours to ensure the  satisfaction of the
conditions set out in Clause 3.1 (save as  provided therein) and the Spanish
Condition and the parties shall  each bear their own respective filing fees
and other costs incurred  in relation to any anti-trust or similar filing
required to be made  in any jurisdiction in connection with the acquisition
of the  Operations by the Purchaser\'s Group. Without prejudice to the 
foregoing, it is agreed that the Purchaser and the Principal Vendor  shall
promptly notify each other of all requests and enquiries from  any
government, governmental, supranational or trade agency, court  or regulatory
body and those requests and enquiries shall be dealt  with by the Principal
Vendor and the Purchaser in    6   consultation with each other and the
Principal Vendor and the  Purchaser shall promptly co-operate with and
provide all necessary  information and assistance reasonably required by such
government,  agency, court or body upon being requested to do so by the
other.  NOTICES REGARDING SATISFACTION  3.3. Each of the Purchaser and the
Principal Vendor shall give notice to  the other of the satisfaction of the
Condition Precedent set out in  Clause 3.1.1 or 3.1.5 promptly upon becoming
aware of the same.  LONG STOP DATE  3.4. If the conditions in Clause 3.1
are not satisfied or waived on or  before the Long Stop Date otherwise than
as a result of a breach by  a party of its obligations under Clause 3.1 or
Clause 3.2 this  Agreement shall lapse and no party shall have any claim
against any  other under it. If the Conditions in Clause 3.1 are not
satisfied or  waived on or before the Long Stop Date as a result of a breach
by a  party of its obligations under Clause 3.1 or Clause 3.2 then the 
party not in breach of such obligations shall be entitled by notice  in
writing to the other to terminate this Agreement without  prejudice to any
claim arising from breach of the undertakings  contained in Clauses 3.1 and
3.2.  RIGHTS OF TERMINATION  3.5. If at any time after the date of this
Agreement and before  Completion:   3.5.1. a Material Breach of Undertaking
occurs;   3.5.2. a Material Breach of Warranty occurs;   3.5.3. a Material
Adverse Change occurs; or   3.5.4. any of the conditions set out in Clause
3.1 shall have  become incapable of fulfilment on or before the Long Stop 
Date otherwise than as a result of a breach by the  Purchaser of its
obligations under Clause 3.1 or Clause  3.2 and shall not have been waived by
the applicable party  or parties as set out in Clause 3.1,   the Purchaser
shall be entitled, subject to the provisions of  Clauses 3.7 to 3.15, to
terminate this Agreement before Completion,  by notice in writing to the
Principal Vendor, without liability on  its part. If the Purchaser duly
exercises its right of termination  hereunder it shall have no claim against
any Vendor except as set  out in Clause 3.13 or Clause 3.14 (as appropriate).
If the  Purchaser, having received notice of the relevant facts or matters 
in accordance with Clause 5.4.4 and in the knowledge of its right to 
terminate this Agreement as described in paragraph (ii)(B) of the  definition
of the term "Material Breach of Warranty", elects not to  so terminate this
Agreement (other than in respect of a breach  arising from facts or matters
within the reasonable control of the  Vendors\' Group), it shall thereafter
have no claim against the  Principal Vendor in respect of the facts and
circumstances giving  rise to such Material Breach of Warranty.    
7  3.6. If at any time after the date of this Agreement and before 
Completion any of the conditions set out in Clause 3.1 shall have  become
incapable of fulfilment on or before the Long Stop Date  otherwise than as a
result of a breach by the Principal Vendor of  its obligations under Clause
3.1 or Clause 3.2 and shall not have  been waived by the applicable party or
parties as set out in Clause  3.1, the Principal Vendor shall be entitled,
subject to the  provisions of Clauses 3.7 to 3.15, to terminate this
Agreement  before Completion, by notice in writing to the Purchaser,
without  liability on its part. If the Principal Vendor duly exercises its 
right of termination hereunder, it shall have no claim against the  Purchaser
or any Local Purchaser except as set out in Clause 3.14.  3.7. If the
Purchaser wishes to terminate this Agreement in accordance  with Clause 3.5
or the Principal Vendor wishes to terminate this  Agreement in accordance
with Clause 3.6, the terminating party shall  forthwith give notice of its
intention to do so (a "Termination  Notice") to the other by facsimile or by
personal delivery in  accordance with Clause 19.20.  3.8. If the Purchaser
serves a Termination Notice in accordance with  Clause 3.7 alleging that a
Material Breach of Undertaking, Material  Breach of Warranty or Material
Adverse Change has occurred, the  Principal Vendor may contest the validity
of the Purchaser\'s right  to terminate by giving notice in writing to the
Purchaser not later  than 5 pm on the date being three Business Days after
the date of  receipt of such Termination Notice.  3.9. If the Principal
Vendor gives valid notice to the Purchaser under  Clause 3.8, in respect of
an alleged Material Breach of Undertaking  or Material Breach of Warranty
then the parties shall seek the  advice of a leading commercial Queens
Counsel (the "Legal Expert").  If the parties cannot agree on the Legal
Expert within two Business  Days of the valid service by the Principal Vendor
of a notice under  Clause 3.8, the Legal Expert shall be chosen by lot. The
Legal  Expert shall give due weight to any representations put forward by 
either party received by him and shall as a matter of urgency (and  in any
event no later than three Business Days after the date of  appointment)
advise the parties in writing if in his opinion, on the  basis of the
information available, a Material Breach of Undertaking  or Material Breach
of Warranty has occurred. If the Legal Expert\'s  opinion is that a Material
Breach of Undertaking or Material Breach  of Warranty has occurred or if no
opinion is issued by the Legal  Expert on or before the Long Stop Date, then
the Purchaser shall not  be obliged to proceed to complete this Agreement. If
the Legal  Expert opines on or before the Long Stop Date that no such
Material  Breach of Undertaking or Material Breach of Warranty has
occurred,  then the parties shall complete this Agreement in accordance
with  its terms.  3.10. If the Principal Vendor gives valid notice to the
Purchaser under  Clause 3.8 in respect of an alleged Material Adverse Change,
then  the parties shall seek the advise of a senior investment banker in 
London of an investment bank of international standing (not being  Goldman
Sachs or JP Morgan) (the "IB Expert"). If the parties cannot  agree on the IB
Expert within two Business Days of the valid service  by the Principal Vendor
of a notice under Clause 3.12, the IB Expert  shall be chosen by lot. The IB
Expert shall give due weight to any  representation put forward by either
party received by him and shall  as a     8   matter of urgency (and in
any event no later than three Business  Days after the date of appointment)
advise the parties in writing if  in his opinion a Material Adverse Change
has occurred. If the IB  Expert\'s opinion is that a Material Adverse Change
has occurred or  if no opinion is issued by the IB Expert on or before the
Long Stop  Date, then the Purchaser shall not be obliged to proceed to
complete  this Agreement. If the IB Expert opines on or before the Long
Stop  Date that no such Material Adverse Change has occurred then the 
parties shall complete this Agreement in accordance with its terms.  3.11.
In giving such advice the Legal Expert and the IB Expert shall each  act as
an expert and not as an arbitrator. His or her fees shall be  payable by the
unsuccessful party.  3.12. If the Purchaser serves a Termination Notice in
respect of a  Material Breach of Undertaking, a Material Breach of Warranty
or  Material Adverse Change and the validity of such Termination Notice  has
not been resolved on or before the date falling five Business  Days before
the date on which Completion would otherwise be due to  occur under Clause
6.1, then the date on which Completion shall  occur shall be the date falling
five Business Days after such  validity has been resolved. This Clause is
subject to Clauses 3.9  and 3.10 where the Legal Expert or IB Expert (as
appropriate) has  not issued an opinion on or before the Long Stop
Date.  EFFECT OF TERMINATION  3.13. If the Purchaser validly terminates
this Agreement in accordance  with Clause 3.5.1 (Material Breach of
Undertaking), Clause 3.5.2  (Material Breach of Warranty) (but only in
respect of a Material  Breach of Warranty falling within paragraph (i) or
(ii)(A) of the  definition of that term or a Material Breach of Warranty
falling  within paragraph (ii)(B) of such definition arising by reason of 
facts or matters within the reasonable control of the Vendors\'  Group), or
Clause 3.5.3 (Material Adverse Change) (but only in  respect of a Material
Adverse Change arising by reason of facts or  matters within the reasonable
control of the Vendors\' Group) then  (i) the Principal Vendor shall pay to
the Purchaser an amount equal  to all reasonable professional fees and out of
pocket expenses (but  excluding any financing arrangement or commitment fees)
together  with any amounts in respect of irrecoverable VAT on such fees and 
expenses incurred by each member of the Purchaser\'s Group directly  in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement  up to a
maximum of US$2,500,000 and (ii) this Agreement shall lapse  without
obligation or liability on the part of any party to this  Agreement except
for any liability for any wilful breach by the  Principal Vendor of the terms
and conditions of this Agreement.  3.14. If the Purchaser validly terminates
this Agreement in accordance  with Clause 3.5.2 (Material Breach of Warranty)
or 3.5.3 (Material  Adverse Change) (in each case except as provided for in
Clause 3.13)  or 3.5.4 (conditions incapable of fulfilment) or the
Principal  Vendor validly terminates this Agreement in accordance with
Clause  3.6 (conditions incapable of fulfilment), then this Agreement shall 
lapse without obligation or liability on the part of any party to  this
Agreement except for any liability for any prior breach by such  party of the
terms and conditions of this Agreement. Nothing in this  Clause shall
be    9   deemed to impair the right of any party to compel specific 
performance by any other party of its obligations under this 
Agreement.  3.15. The provisions of Clauses 18.3 and 18.5 (and Clause 18.6
insofar as  such Clause relates to Clauses 18.3 and 18.5) relating to 
confidentiality and the provisions of Clause 17 relating to certain  costs
shall survive any termination of this Agreement.  4.
CONSIDERATION  PURCHASE PRICE  4.1. Subject to Clauses 4.3 to 4.8, the
aggregate consideration for the  purchase of the Operations (by way of
acquisition of the Shares and  the Business Assets and the Target Businesses)
shall (in addition to  the assumption of the Business Liabilities) be:  
4.1.1. the payment of US$200,258,000 (being US$200,000,000 (i)  minus the
aggregate of the Estimated Intra-Group  Indebtedness and the Estimated Third
Party Indebtedness  and (ii) plus the Estimated Cash);   4.1.2. the issue
of the Consideration Shares; and   4.1.3. the payment of the Deferred
Consideration (as defined in  Part 5 of Schedule 3), if any.   The relevant
amounts of the Purchase Price (other than the Deferred  Consideration, the
Delayed Consideration Shares and, if the New  Castle Release Condition is not
satisfied on or prior to the  Completion Date, the New Castle Consideration
Shares) and Estimated  Intra-Group Indebtedness shall be discharged at
Completion in  accordance with Schedule 9. The issue of the New Castle 
Consideration Shares (if not issued at Completion), the Delayed 
Consideration Shares, if any, the Spanish Consideration Shares (if a  Delayed
Completion is required under Clause 4.23) and the payment of  the Deferred
Consideration, if any, shall occur in accordance with  the relevant
provisions of this Clause 4.  4.2. The Principal Vendor is authorised to
receive the Purchase Price on  behalf of the other Vendors and payment to the
Principal Vendor (or  as it may direct) shall constitute an absolute
discharge for the  Purchaser.  AMENDMENTS TO INITIAL CONSIDERATION  4.3.
If the Intra-Group Indebtedness Statement shows that the relevant  Intra-
Group Indebtedness exceeds the relevant Estimated Intra-Group  Indebtedness,
then on the Settlement Date the Principal Vendor shall  pay to the Purchaser
an amount equal to such excess by way of  reduction in the cash component of
the Purchase Price; and the  Purchaser shall (on behalf of the relevant
Target Company) pay to  the Principal Vendor (on behalf of the relevant
member of the  Vendors\' Group) an equal amount by way of satisfaction of
such  additional Intra-Group Indebtedness.    10  4.4. If the Intra-
Group Indebtedness Statement shows that the Estimated  Intra-Group
Indebtedness exceeds the Intra-Group Indebtedness, then  on the Settlement
Date:   4.4.1. the Purchaser shall pay to the Principal Vendor an amount 
equal to such excess by way of increase in the cash  component of the
Purchase Price; and   4.4.2. the Principal Vendor shall (on behalf of the
relevant  member of the Vendors\' Group) repay to the Purchaser on  behalf
of the relevant Target Company an equal amount by  way of repayment of the
excess amount paid by or on behalf  of the relevant Target Company on account
of the  Intra-Group Indebtedness at Completion.  4.5. If the Completion
Working Capital and/or Target Companies Cash is  less than the Base Working
Capital or Estimated Cash respectively,  the Principal Vendor shall on the
Settlement Date pay to the  Purchaser an amount equal to such shortfall (or,
if there is a  shortfall on both, the aggregate of them) by way of reduction
in the  cash component of the Purchase Price.  4.6. If the Completion
Working Capital and/or Target Companies Cash  exceeds the Base Working
Capital or Estimated Cash respectively, the  Purchaser shall on the
Settlement Date pay to the Principal Vendor  an amount equal to such excess
(or if there is a excess on both, the  aggregate of them) by way of increase
in the cash component of the  Purchase Price.  4.7. If the Third Party
Indebtedness exceeds the Estimated Third Party  Indebtedness, the Principal
Vendor shall on the Settlement Date pay  to the Purchaser an amount equal to
the excess by way of reduction  in the cash component of the Purchase
Price.  4.8. If the Third Party Indebtedness is less than the relevant
Estimated  Third Party Indebtedness, the Purchaser shall on the Settlement
Date  pay to the Principal Vendor an amount equal to the shortfall by way 
of increase in the cash component of the Purchase Price.  4.9. The
provisions of Schedule 3 shall apply in relation to the  preparation and
agreement (or determination) of the Actual  Cash/Indebtedness Statement and
the Completion Working Capital  Statement.  4.10. The Purchaser and the
Principal Vendor shall off-set amounts due  between them under Clauses 4.3 to
4.8 and under Clause 2.2.2 or  Clause 2.2.3 so as to result in a single net
payment being made in  relation to Completion. Such off-set does not relieve
the Principal  Vendor (where it would have received a payment on behalf of
another  member of the Vendors\' Group) or the Purchaser (where it would
have  received a payment on behalf of a Target Company) of its obligation 
to account to such member of the Vendors\' Group or the relevant  Target
Company for the sum in question.    11  DEFERRED CONSIDERATION  4.11.
The provisions of Part 5 of Schedule 3 shall apply in relation to (and 
certain capitalised terms used in this Clause 4.11, and Clauses 4.12  and
4.13 are defined in Part 5 of Schedule 3):   4.11.1. the determination of
the Product Deferred Consideration and  Effects Deferred Consideration;  
4.11.2. certain warranties and undertakings by the Principal Vendor 
regarding the conduct of the Operations between 1st January  2004 and
Completion insofar as such conduct may affect the  Deferred Consideration;
and   4.11.3. certain undertakings by the Purchaser regarding the conduct
of  the Operations during the Earn-Out Period insofar as such  conduct may
affect the Deferred Consideration.  4.12. The Purchaser shall on each
Product Deferred Consideration Payment  Date pay to the Principal Vendor an
amount equal to the Product  Interim Deferred Consideration or the Product
Final Deferred  Consideration as applicable, payable on such date.  4.13.
The Purchaser shall on each Effects Deferred Consideration Payment  Date pay
to the Principal Vendor an amount equal to the Effects Interim  Deferred
Consideration or the Effects Final Deferred Consideration, as  applicable,
payable on such date.  PENSION DEFICIT ADJUSTMENT  4.14. After Completion
and until the date on which the Adjusted Transfer  Value (as defined in Part
2 of Schedule 8) is agreed or determined,  the Principal Vendor and the
Purchaser shall co-operate to perform the  calculations and all other actions
contemplated by Part 2 of Schedule  8 in order to determine the Pension
Deficit Reduction Adjustment  Amount and enable the issuance of the Delayed
Consideration Shares, if  any, by the Purchaser.  CERTIFICATES IN RESPECT
OF CONSIDERATION SHARES  4.15. So long as applicable, each certificate
representing any portion of  the Consideration Shares shall be stamped or
otherwise imprinted with  a legend in the following form (in addition to any
legend required  under applicable U.S. state securities laws):   "THE
SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED  UNDER THE
U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR THE SECURITIES  LAWS OF ANY STATE
OF THE UNITED STATES. SUCH SHARES MAY NOT BE  OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED,
PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE  DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH
REGISTRATION OTHER THAN PURSUANT TO  AN EXEMPTION FROM SUCH REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS."      12   After the above requirement for a legend is no
longer applicable  because the Consideration Shares are freely transferable
under the  Securities Act, the Purchaser shall remove such legend upon
request  from a holder of such Consideration Shares, if outside counsel for 
such holder reasonably determines that the transfer of such  Consideration
Shares is no longer restricted by the Securities Act and  (i) outside counsel
for the Purchaser reasonably concurs in such  determination or (ii) at such
holder\'s option such holder\'s outside  counsel provides an opinion
addressed to the Purchaser in form and  substance satisfactory to the
Purchaser to the effect that the  transfer of the Consideration Shares is no
longer restricted by the  Securities Act.  REGISTRATION RIGHTS  4.16. The
Principal Vendor or any member of the Vendors\' Group which from  time to
time holds the Consideration Shares shall, after the issue of  any
Consideration Shares in accordance with this Clause 4, be entitled  to the
registration rights with respect to such Consideration Shares  set out in
Clause 9.  DELAYED CONSIDERATION SHARES  4.17. No later than the Delayed
Share Issue Date, the Purchaser shall  deliver to the US Business Vendor a
certificate or certificates  representing the Delayed Consideration Shares,
if any, which shall be  in definitive form and registered in the name of the
US Business  Vendor and in a single certificate or in such denominations as
the US  Business Vendor shall request not later than the fifth Business Day 
after the Pension Transfer Determination Date.  PAYMENTS/INTEREST  4.18.
All payments under this Clause shall (unless the parties agree  otherwise or
the recipient notifies by at least five Business Days\'  prior notice a
suitable alternative bank account) be paid by  electronic transfer of cleared
funds for same day value to:   4.18.1. in the case of the Principal Vendor,
the Principal Vendor\'s  Bank Account; and   4.18.2. in the case of the
Purchaser, the bank account of the  Purchaser in the US notified by the
Purchaser to the Principal  Vendor at least five Business Days before the
first payment is  to be made to the Purchaser.  4.19. All payments made
under Clauses 4.3 to 4.8 shall bear interest from  the Completion Date to the
date of actual payment at the Interest  Rate.  ALLOCATION OF THE PURCHASE
PRICE  4.20. The parties have agreed a provisional allocation of the
Purchase Price  which is as shown by the Transaction Breakdown. As soon as
practicable  after all adjustments required to be made under this Clause 4
have  been determined, the Principal Vendor and the Purchaser shall seek to 
agree (i) a revised allocation of the Purchase Price by allocating  each
adjustment to the Business     13   Assets or Shares to which it most
closely relates and (ii) an  allocation of the Purchase Price among
individual asset categories  within each jurisdiction on an equitable basis.
If they are unable to  do so within 30 days of the Settlement Date, either
party may refer  the matter for determination to an independent expert and
the  provisions of paragraphs 5 to 11 of Part 2 of Schedule 3 shall (with 
such modifications as may be necessary) apply to such determination.  The
parties agree to adopt the allocation agreed by them or determined  by the
independent expert for all Taxation purposes and shall within  30 days of
such agreement or determination execute a document between  them adopting
such allocation.  4.21. The parties agree that any changes, pursuant to
Clause 4.20 above, to  be made to the provisional allocation set out in the
Transaction  Breakdown:   4.21.1. will reflect only the underlying
differences between the  Intra-Group Indebtedness, Third Party Indebtedness,
Completion  Working Capital and Target Companies Cash as compared with the 
Estimated Intra-Group Indebtedness, Estimated Third Party  Indebtedness, Base
Working Capital and Estimated Cash; and   4.21.2. will adopt the same
methodology and practices as were used in  preparing such provisional
allocation.   If the aggregate amount of the Deferred Consideration payable
to the  Principal Vendor is different from that assumed by the Transaction 
Breakdown, the difference will be allocated wholly as to goodwill in  the
United Kingdom. If the aggregate amount of Consideration Shares  issued to
the Principal Vendor or its nominee or designee is different  from that
assumed by the Transaction Breakdown, the difference will be  allocated
wholly to goodwill in the United States.  4.22. If any further payment
(other than interest under Clause 19.17) is  made by a party to another party
under this Agreement (whether as  damages for breach or under an indemnity or
covenant to pay or as  Deferred Consideration), such payment shall so far as
possible be made  by way of further adjustment to the Purchase Price and such
further  adjustment shall be allocated as the parties may agree (or as 
determined by an independent expert) on the same basis as is set out  in
Clause 4.20 and Clause 4.21.  DELAYED COMPLETION  4.23. The parties agree
that in the event that prior to the Completion Date:   4.23.1. clearance
from the Spanish Servicio de Defensa de la  Competencia (the "Spanish
Authority") is not obtained; and   4.23.2. a waiver from suspension by the
Spanish Authority is not  granted,   (the satisfaction of Clause 4.23.1 or
4.23.2, the "Spanish  Condition"), all references in this Agreement to
"Completion" shall be  deemed to exclude the transfer of any Business Assets
and any portion  of the Target Businesses, and the assumption     14  
of any Business Liabilities, attributable primarily to the Operations 
located in Spain or otherwise constituting the Operations in Spain 
(together, the "Spanish Operations"). In such event, Completion shall  occur
on the Completion Date as otherwise contemplated by this  Agreement, except
that:   4.23.3. the number of Completion Consideration Shares issuable at 
Completion under Clause 4.1.2 shall be reduced by the number  of Spanish
Consideration Shares; and   4.23.4. a delayed completion (the "Delayed
Completion") shall take  place at the offices of the Vendors\' Solicitors on
the date  which is five Business Days after the date on which the  Spanish
Condition is satisfied, or at such other place or date  as may be agreed in
writing between the Purchaser and the  Principal Vendor (such date, the
"Delayed Completion Date").  4.24. In the event that a Delayed Completion is
required under Clause 4.23,  for purposes of determining the amount payable
under Clause 4.5 or  Clause 4.6, as applicable, the Base Working Capital
shall exclude the  Base Spanish Working Capital and the Completion Working
Capital shall  exclude the Completion Spanish Working Capital. The provisions
of  Schedule 3 shall apply to the determination of the Completion Spanish 
Working Capital Statement, mutatis mutandis.  4.25. On the Delayed
Completion Date, the Purchaser shall deliver to the US  Business Vendor a
certificate or certificates representing the Spanish  Consideration Shares,
which shall be in definitive form and registered  in the name of the US
Business Vendor and in a single certificate or  in such other denominations
as the US Business Vendor shall request  not later than five Business Days
prior to the Delayed Completion  Date.  4.26. If the Completion Spanish
Working Capital is less than the Base  Spanish Working Capital, the Principal
Vendor shall on the Spanish  Settlement Date pay to the Purchaser an amount
equal to such shortfall  by way of reduction in the cash component of the
Purchase Price.  4.27. If the Completion Spanish Working Capital exceeds the
Base Spanish  Working Capital, the Purchaser shall on the Spanish Settlement
Date  pay to the Principal Vendor an amount equal to such excess by way of 
increase in the cash component of the Purchase Price.  4.28. In the event
that a Delayed Completion is required under Clause 4.23:   4.28.1. during
the period between the Completion Date and the Delayed  Completion Date, the
Principal Vendor shall and, so far as it  is able to do so, shall procure
that the Business Vendors in  relation to the Spanish Operations shall, allow
the Purchaser  and its agents access pursuant to Clause 5.1 as though all 
references therein to the Operations were references to the  Spanish
Operations, and shall and, so far as it is able to do  so, procure that the
Business Vendors in relation to the  Spanish Operations shall, comply with
Clause 5.2 as though all  references therein to Operations were references to
the  Spanish Operations and all    15   references therein to Business
Assets (or components thereof)  were references to Business Assets of the
Spanish Operations;  provided that the Principal Vendor shall not be liable
to the  Purchaser for breach of this Clause 4.28.1 between the  Completion
Date and the Delayed Completion Date if and to the  extent the breach arose
from:   (a) the failure by the Purchaser or a member of the  Purchaser\'s
Group to manage the Operations sold at  Completion (the "Sold Operations") in
a manner  consistent with Clause 4.28.4;   (b) any act or omission of any
member of the management of  the Sold Operations taken after the Completion
Date  with respect to the Sold Operations;   (c) any member of the
management of the Spanish Operations  complying with an instruction given by
management of  the Sold Operations after the Completion Date; or   (d) any
member of the management of the Spanish Operations  disregarding any specific
instruction of the Principal  Vendor as a result of complying with a
specific  instruction given by management of the Sold Operations  or the
Purchaser\'s Group after the Completion Date;   4.28.2. the Purchaser or a
Local Purchaser will enter into the Supply  and Distribution Agreement
identified as Agreed Form AF15E  (the "Spanish Distribution Agreement") on
the Completion Date;   4.28.3. the Principal Vendor and the Purchaser will
agree upon and put  in place such financial controls and procedures to ensure
that  the assets, liabilities and operations of the Spanish  Operations are
identifiable;   4.28.4. the Purchaser and the Principal Vendor shall procure
that any  management services or management support which are required  for
the carrying on of the business of the Spanish Operations  or the Sold
Operations in the manner in which such business  was carried on immediately
prior to Completion and which  immediately before Completion were provided by
the Sold  Operations or the Spanish Operations is provided on the same 
basis and at the same cost (if any) as immediately prior to  Completion;  
4.28.5. in respect of any Intellectual Property which has been sold at 
Completion to the Purchaser or a Local Purchaser or is held by  a Target
Company sold at Completion and is required by the  Spanish Operations in
order to carry on the business of the  Spanish Operations in the manner in
which the Spanish  Operations carried on its business immediately prior to 
Completion, the Purchaser shall make available or shall  procure that such
Intellectual Property is made available to  the Spanish Operations (whether
by way of licence or  otherwise) on the same terms and at the same cost (if
any) as  such Intellectual Property was made available immediately  prior to
Completion; and    16   4.28.6. subject to Clause 13.15, in respect of
any Intellectual  Property, except for the Excluded IP, of the Spanish 
Operations that is required by any of the Sold Operations in  order to carry
on the business of the Sold Operations in the  manner in which the Sold
Operations carried on its business  immediately prior to Completion, the
Principal Vendor shall  make available or shall procure that such
Intellectual  Property is made available to the Sold Operations (whether by 
way of licence or otherwise) on the same terms and at the same  cost (if any)
as such Intellectual Property was made available  immediately prior to
Completion.  4.29. If the Spanish Condition is not satisfied on or before
the Second Long  Stop Date, or if the Spanish Condition shall have become
incapable of  fulfilment, then:   4.29.1. the Spanish Operations shall not
be sold hereunder and the  terms of this Agreement (other than Clause 3.15)
and any Local  Agreement relating to the Spanish Operations shall cease to 
apply with respect to the Spanish Operations and neither party  shall have a
claim (whether under the Warranties or otherwise)  against the other in
relation to the Spanish Operations; and   4.29.2. the Purchaser shall be
entitled, in its sole discretion, to  either:   (a) issue the Spanish
Consideration Shares to the US  Business Vendor as contemplated by Clause
4.25, in  which case the Spanish Distribution Agreement shall  automatically
be extended and continue in effect until  the tenth anniversary of the
Completion Date; or   (b) terminate the Spanish Distribution Agreement, in
which  case the Purchaser shall pay to the UK Business Vendor  an amount
equal to 50% of the Cumulative Gross  (Variable) Margins earned by the
Purchaser under the  Spanish Distribution Agreement from the Completion 
Date to the date of such termination.  NEW CASTLE MATTERS  4.30. If the
New Castle Release Condition is not satisfied on or before the  Completion
Date but, subject to Clause 4.31, is subsequently  satisfied, the Purchaser
shall within ten Business days of such  satisfaction:   4.30.1. deliver to
the US Business Vendor a certificate or  certificates representing the New
Castle Consideration Shares,  which shall be in definitive form and
registered in the name  of the US Business Vendor and in a single certificate
or in  such denominations as the US Business Vendor shall request not  later
than five Business Days prior to such delivery; and   4.30.2. pay to the US
Business Vendor an amount equal to any dividends  or other sums which would
have been received by the US  Business Vendor    17   in respect of the
New Castle Consideration Shares had they  been issued to it on the Completion
Date.  4.31. If:   4.31.1. at any time after the date falling two years
after the  Completion Date the New Castle Release Condition has not been 
satisfied and written notice of termination of the New Castle  Release
Condition is delivered by either of the Principal  Vendor or the Purchaser to
the other; or   4.31.2. the Purchaser and the Principal Vendor, acting
reasonably,  mutually agree in writing at any time prior to the end of such 
two year period that the New Castle Release Condition will not  be satisfied
before such date,   then:   4.31.3. as at the date of such notice or
written agreement the  Purchaser shall be released from its obligation to
issue the  New Castle Consideration Shares and the Principal Vendor and  the
US Business Vendor shall be released from any obligation  under this
Agreement or the New Castle Lab Lease to seek the  satisfaction of the New
Castle Release Condition;   4.31.4. the New Castle Lab Lease shall
automatically terminate on the  date which is six months after the date of
such notice or  written agreement (the "Lab Lease Termination Date"); and  
4.31.5. the US Business Vendor and the Purchaser or the relevant Local 
Purchaser shall negotiate in good faith a fair market rent to  be paid to the
US Business Vendor in respect of the period of  occupation of the New Castle
Lab Property by the Purchaser or  the relevant Local Purchaser between the
Completion Date and  the Lab Lease Termination Date. If the parties cannot
agree on  a fair market rent for such period of occupation, the matter 
shall be submitted for arbitration as provided in section  11.07 of the New
Castle Lab Lease.  5. GAP PERIOD UNDERTAKINGS  5.1. The Principal Vendor
undertakes to procure that, pending Completion  the Business Vendors in
relation to the Operations and the Target  Companies shall, subject to their
right to refuse access on the  grounds that access would be contrary to any
applicable laws or  regulations, allow the Purchaser and its agents such
access during  normal working hours to the books and records of or relating
in whole  or in part to the Operations which are in the possession or
otherwise  under the control of the Vendors\' Group as the Purchaser may 
reasonably request (upon reasonable notice in writing to the Principal 
Vendor at such times and at such locations as the Purchaser may  reasonably
request) in order to ensure the transfer of the management  and operation of
the Operations in their current form in a smooth and  timely manner on and
with effect from the Completion Date without  undue or unnecessary
interference or interruption. As soon as  practicable after the date of this
Agreement, the Principal Vendor  shall procure that each relevant member of
the Vendors\'     18   Group shall provide to the relevant members of
the Purchaser\'s Group  or any designated payroll processor of any member of
the Purchaser\'s  Group all Employee related data and information in
possession or  otherwise under the control of such member of the Vendors\'
Group  that such members of the Purchaser\'s Group or any designated
payroll  processor of any member of the Purchaser\'s Group may require in 
order to process payroll in a timely manner as of Completion.  5.2. During
the period from the date of this Agreement to Completion the  Principal
Vendor shall procure that the Business Vendors in relation  to the Operations
and the Target Companies shall (unless the  Purchaser otherwise provides
prior written consent thereto) carry on  the Operations as a going concern in
the ordinary course consistent  with past practice and use all reasonable
endeavours to keep intact  the Operations, keep available the services of the
Senior Employees  and preserve the relationship of the Operations with
Employees,  customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees, distributors, 
governmental authorities, regulatory bodies and others with whom the 
Operations deal, in each case subject to any restrictions on so  doing
imposed by this Agreement and the sale and purchase of the  Operations. In
addition (and without limiting the generality of the  foregoing) except as
expressly permitted or required by the terms of  this Agreement during the
period from the date of this Agreement to  Completion, the Principal Vendor
shall procure that the Business  Vendors (in relation to the Operations) and
the Target Companies  shall not take any of the following actions (unless the
Purchaser  otherwise provides prior written consent:   5.2.1. adopt, enter
into, terminate or amend any Employee Benefit  Arrangement (or any
arrangement that would be an Employee  Benefit Arrangement if adopted) except
as required by  applicable law;   5.2.2. adopt, enter into, terminate or
materially amend (or renew  on materially different terms) any collective
bargaining  agreement or trade union recognition agreement or other 
contract or arrangement with any labour organisation,  union or association
except in each case as required by  applicable law;   5.2.3. grant to any
Employee any increase in remuneration or  benefits (including the payment of
any bonus, the grant or  improvement of any severance pay entitlement and
the  acceleration of the vesting or payment of any compensation  or benefit
under any Employee Benefit Arrangement) except  (i) in the ordinary course of
trading consistent with past  practice, (ii) as required under existing
agreements or  (iii) for increases for which the Vendors\' Group will be 
solely liable;   5.2.4. incur or enter into any agreement or commitment
involving  any capital expenditure above US$100,000 (exclusive of  VAT) per
item;   5.2.5. incur, enter into or permit, allow or suffer the creation 
of any Encumbrances over the Assets other than (i)  Permitted Encumbrances
and (ii) Encumbrances (other than  any Encumbrances securing     19  
Indebtedness) arising by operation of law or in the  ordinary course of
trading;   5.2.6. in respect of the Target Companies, incur any
Indebtedness  otherwise than on arm\'s length commercial terms and as is 
reasonably necessary to meet working capital requirements  of the Operations
in the ordinary course of business in  the aggregate amount of no more than
US$150,000;   5.2.7. waive any claims or rights otherwise than in the
ordinary  course of trading or, in respect of the Target Companies,  cancel
any material Indebtedness (individually or in the  aggregate);   5.2.8.
create, allot or issue or redeem, repurchase or repay any  share or loan
capital of any Target Company or create any  right to call for the allotment,
issue or transfer of any  share or loan capital of any Target Company;  
5.2.9. amend or waive in any respect or terminate the Product  Contract (as
defined in Part 5 of Schedule 3) or enter  into, terminate prematurely (or
permit other than in  accordance with the terms thereof as in effect on the
date  of this Agreement the premature termination of) or vary  materially
the terms of any other Material Contract other  than any Material Contract
subject to Clause 5.2.2;  provided that (i) amendments to Material Contracts
falling  within paragraph 5.2.1(n) of Schedule 4 shall be permitted  if such
amendments would not be restricted by Clause  5.2.14 and (ii) in respect of
any Material Contract  referred to in paragraphs (k), (l), and (m) of
paragraph  5.2.1 of Schedule 4 with respect to which the aggregate  future
liability, payment or receipt is less than  US$500,000, the Purchaser\'s
consent required by this  Clause 5.2 shall not be withheld or delayed
unreasonably;   5.2.10. (in respect of the Target Companies only) declare,
make or  pay any dividends, bonus issues or other distributions;   5.2.11.
make payments or transfer or lease assets to any member of  Vendors\' Group
or (in respect of the Target Companies  only) assume, incur or indemnify any
liability for the  benefit of any member of the Vendors\' Group (in each
case  other than in the ordinary course of trading consistent  with past
practice on arm\'s length commercial terms);   5.2.12. (in respect of the
Target Companies only) change any  accounting reference date, method of
accounting or  accounting practice or policy, other than those required  by
the generally accepted accounting principles applicable  to such Target
Company;   5.2.13. dismiss or give notice of termination to any Senior 
Employee (unless circumstances exist justifying summary  dismissal or
termination for cause) nor transfer any  Senior Employee out of the
Operations;   5.2.14. employ or hire any person at Grade 33 or above (or
with a  basic annual salary in excess of US$75,000) nor vary the  terms of
any existing employment contracts such that they  would fall within this sub-
clause     20   unless such variation represents an increase in the 
anticipated value of remuneration currently payable of 3%  or less (or, in
the case of such events occurring more  than one month after the date of this
Agreement, 3% plus  0.5% for every such completed month);   5.2.15. acquire
or dispose of any business or activity as a going  concern or discontinue or
cease to operate all or any  material part of the Operations;   5.2.16.
sell, lease, assign, license or otherwise dispose of any  Assets (other than
Business IP and Intellectual Property  owned by a Target Company, each of
which is subject to  Clause 5.2.18) whether or not ascribed a value in the
2003  Accounts, or any interest in any such Asset, other than  (i) finished
goods and other inventories in the ordinary  course of trading on arm\'s
length commercial terms  consistent with past practice and (ii) disposals of
assets  no longer necessary or desirable for the conduct or  development of
the Operations:   (a) made in the ordinary course of trading  consistent
with past practice on arm\'s length  commercial terms;   (b) having an
individual book or fair value not  exceeding US$100,000; and   (c) having
an aggregate book or fair value not  exceeding US$250,000;   5.2.17. vary
or permit to lapse or fail to renew their respective  policies of insurance
which were in place immediately  prior to the date hereof;   5.2.18. sell,
assign or otherwise dispose of, or grant any  licences or other rights to,
the Business IP or any  Intellectual Property owned by a Target Company
other  than:   (a) licences on arm\'s length commercial terms  consistent
with past practice and in the  ordinary course of trading which provide for 
payments by the licensee to accrue either by  reference to usage or to accrue
evenly over the  term of the licence; or   (b) licences to a Target
Company;   5.2.19. enter into any lease of real property or material
personal  property except renewals of existing leases in the  ordinary
course of business and consistent with past  practice;   5.2.20. dispose of
or agree to dispose of or grant or agree to  grant any option to acquire any
Property or any interest  therein;   5.2.21. (in respect of the Target
Companies and, to the extent  capable of affecting the Purchaser or a Local
Purchaser,  the Business Vendor Avecia Comercial e Importada Limitada  only)
make any election for Tax purposes or for the  purposes of any Tax Return or
enter into any     21   agreement, arrangement or settlement with a Tax
Authority,  other than any such election, agreement, arrangement or 
settlement that is made in the ordinary course consistent  with past
practice;   5.2.22. fail to take any necessary steps to obtain and
maintain  any and all registrations, and applications for  registration of
Business Intellectual Property and  Intellectual Property of the Target
Companies including,  without limitation, paying all application, renewal
and  official fees on or before the due date for payment; or   5.2.23.
commit, agree to take or specifically authorise, whether  in writing or
otherwise, any of the actions set out in  above in this Clause 5.2.  5.3.
As soon as available and in any event within 15 calendar days after  the last
day of each calendar month between the Accounts Date and  Completion (other
than the calendar month in which Completion occurs  and except as previously
delivered to the Purchaser), the Principal  Vendor shall deliver to the
Purchaser the unaudited proforma  financial statements of the Operations as
at the last day of and for  such calendar month and for the year 2004 to the
last day of such  calendar month, in each case prepared based on accounting
practices  and accounting principles consistent with monthly management 
accounts of the Operations produced during 2003.  5.4. Each of the Purchaser
and the Principal Vendor shall between the  date of this Agreement and
Completion promptly notify the other of  and furnish to the other any
information it may reasonably request  with respect to:   5.4.1. any event
or condition or the existence to the Purchaser\'s  or the Principal Vendor\'s
awareness, as applicable, of any  fact that would cause any of the Conditions
Precedent not  to be fulfilled;   5.4.2. any notice or other communication
from any person alleging  that the consent of such person is or may be
required in  connection with the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement;   5.4.3. any commencement of any litigation against such party
in  respect of the transactions contemplated by this  Agreement; and  
5.4.4. (i) it becoming aware of any facts or circumstances  indicating that
any warranty in this Agreement was untrue  or inaccurate in any material
respect on the date of this  Agreement or will be untrue or inaccurate in any
material  respect at Completion or (ii) the failure of such party to 
perform in any material respect any undertaking to be  performed by such
party under this Agreement,   provided that no such notification shall
affect the warranties or  undertakings of the parties or the Conditions
Precedent under this  Agreement.  5.5. Prior to Completion, the Principal
Vendor shall cause the Vendors  and the Target Companies to fulfil their
legal obligations to inform  and consult employee representatives about the
sale and purchase of  the Operations.    22  5.6. During the period from
the date of this Agreement to Completion, the  Principal Vendor shall use
commercially reasonable endeavours to  obtain a written, recordable easement
by and between ICI Uniqema  Inc., as grantor, and the US Business Vendor, as
grantee, granting  to the US Business Vendor a non-exclusive right of
vehicular and  pedestrian ingress and egress across and through the area,
including  any roadways, between what is commonly known as the laboratory 
facility and the pool site located at New Castle, Delaware, USA.  5.7. The
Principal Vendor and the Purchaser shall before Completion agree  the form of
supply agreements to be entered into at Completion  between the relevant
Local Purchasers (as suppliers) and Avecia BV  and NeoResins Inc. (as
customers) on the same arm\'s length terms as  are in place for the relevant
supplies as at the date of this  Agreement (it being acknowledged that such
terms do not include any  minimum period or commitment to
purchase).  HUDDERSFIELD SITE COSTS  5.8. The Purchaser shall be entitled
to confirm before Completion the  charges payable in relation to the document
in the Agreed Form AF11A  (the "Huddersfield Site Services Agreement") on the
basis of actual  costs for 2003 (indexed) in a manner consistent with the
method  previously used by such parties to produce and agree the 2003
budget  costs as previously shown in the Huddersfield Site Services 
Agreement, but for the avoidance of doubt the form, categories of  charges,
the period of charge and the methodology of calculation  used for the purpose
of the 2003 budget costs as previously shown in  the Huddersfield Site
Services Agreement shall not be open to  review. If the Purchaser and the
Principal Vendor have not on or  before the Completion Date agreed and
confirmed any proposed changes  to such charges as attached to the form of
the Huddersfield Site  Services Agreement as at the date of this
Agreement:   5.8.1. either of them may refer the matter to an independent 
expert for determination and the provisions of paragraphs  5 to 11 of Part 2
of Schedule 3 shall (with such  modifications as may be necessary) apply to
such  determination;   5.8.2. from the Completion Date until such time as
such charges  are agreed or determined, the charges based on 2003 actual 
costs (indexed) set out in the current form of the  Huddersfield Site
Services Agreement shall apply; and   5.8.3. the charges as agreed between
the Purchaser and the  Principal Vendor or as determined shall be applied
under  the Huddersfield Site Services Agreement with effect from  the
Completion Date and the parties to the Huddersfield  Site Services Agreement
shall make such further payment or  repayment of charges as is necessary to
give effect to  this.  6. COMPLETION/STATUS OF LOCAL AGREEMENTS  6.1.
Subject to Clause 3 and subject as hereinafter provided, Completion  shall
take place at the offices of the Vendors\' Solicitors on the  Scheduled   
23   Completion Date or at such other place or time as may be agreed in 
writing between the Purchaser and the Principal Vendor.  6.2. On Completion,
the parties will comply with their respective  obligations set out in
Schedule 9. Neither party (treating for this  purpose the Vendors as a single
party and the Purchaser and Local  Purchasers as a single party) shall be
obliged to proceed to  Completion unless the other party is (save as set out
below)  simultaneously ready and able to proceed to Completion. Except as 
required by Clause 4.23, neither party shall be obliged to purchase  or sell
only some of the Shares or the Business Assets.  6.3. If the provisions of
Schedule 9 are not complied with by the  Principal Vendor or the Vendors or
the Purchaser or a Local  Purchaser in all material respects by or on the
date set for  Completion, the Purchaser, in the case of non-compliance by
any  Vendor, or the Principal Vendor, in the case of non-compliance by  the
Purchaser or a Local Purchaser, shall be entitled (in addition  to and
without prejudice to all other rights or remedies available  to it including
any applicable right to terminate this Agreement in  its entirety in
accordance with Clauses 3.5 and 3.6 and the right to  claim damages) by
written notice to the Principal Vendor or, as the  case may be, to the
Purchaser served on such date:   6.3.1. to elect to terminate this
Agreement;   6.3.2. to effect Completion so far as practicable having
regard  to the defaults which have occurred; or   6.3.3. to fix a new date
for Completion (not being less than  three nor more than ten Business Days
after the agreed  date for Completion) in which case the provisions of 
Schedule 9 shall apply to Completion as so deferred but  provided such
deferral may only occur once unless  otherwise agreed in writing between the
Principal Vendor  and the Purchaser.  6.4. The Principal Vendor shall
procure that the relevant Vendors, and  the Purchaser shall enter into or
shall procure that the relevant  Local Purchasers, enter into the relevant
Local Agreements at  Completion. To the extent that the provisions of this
Agreement are  inconsistent with or additional to the provisions of any
Local  Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail and the 
Principal Vendor and the Purchaser shall procure that the provisions  of the
relevant Local Agreement are adjusted, so far as permissible  under the laws
of the relevant jurisdiction, to the extent necessary  to give effect to the
provisions of this Agreement and/or that the  relevant Vendor and the
Purchaser or the relevant Local Purchaser  comply with the provisions of this
Agreement as though they were  bound by such provisions in place of the
provisions of the relevant  Local Agreement.  6.5. If there is an
adjustment to the Purchase Price (or the payments  made on account of the
Purchase Price at Completion) under Clause 4  which is allocated to any part
of the Shares, Business Assets or  Business Liabilities which is the subject
of a Local Agreement, the  Principal Vendor and the Purchaser will procure
that the parties to  such Local Agreement enter into a supplemental agreement
reflecting  such adjustment, if appropriate.    24  6.6. The Purchaser
shall not, and shall procure that no Local Purchaser  shall, bring any claim
against a Vendor in respect of or based upon  the Local Agreements (nor any
warranties, representations or other  obligations implied or imposed by law)
save to the extent necessary  to implement any legal transfer of shares or
assets agreed to be  sold hereunder in a manner consistent with the terms
provided for by  this Agreement. To the extent that the Purchaser or any
relevant  Local Purchaser does bring a claim (save as referred to above)
the  Purchaser shall indemnify the Vendors against all Losses which any 
Vendor may suffer through or arising from the bringing of such a  claim
against it.  6.7. The Principal Vendor shall not, and shall procure that no
Vendor  shall, bring any claim against the Purchaser or any relevant Local 
Purchaser in respect of or based upon the Local Agreements (nor any 
warranties, representations or other obligations implied or imposed  by law)
save to the extent necessary to implement any legal transfer  of shares or
assets sold hereunder in a manner consistent with the  terms provided for by
this Agreement. To the extent that any Vendor  does bring a claim (save as
referred to above), the Principal Vendor  shall indemnify the Purchaser and
each relevant Local Purchaser  against all Losses which it may suffer through
or arising from the  bringing of such a claim against it.  7. WARRANTIES
AND LIMITATIONS  7.1. In consideration of the Purchaser entering into this
Agreement the  Principal Vendor warrants on behalf of itself and the UK
Business  Vendor to the Purchaser on behalf of itself and each Local
Purchaser  (but on the basis that only the Purchaser shall be entitled to 
enforce the rights, if any, of the Local Purchasers on their behalf)  that
each of the Warranties is true and accurate as at the date of  this Agreement
(as qualified by the matters fairly disclosed in or  by the Disclosure
Letter) and each of the Warranties will be true  and accurate (as so
qualified) on the Completion Date and each of  the Warranties set out in
paragraph 21 of Schedule 4 shall be true  and accurate on the date of issue
of any Consideration Shares. The  Principal Vendor and the UK Business Vendor
acknowledge that the  Purchaser is entering into this Agreement in reliance
on the  Warranties (as so qualified) and acknowledges and agrees that the 
Warranties are not subject to or limited by any disclosures which  are not
fairly made in or by the Disclosure Letter. In the event of  a Delayed
Completion pursuant to Clause 4.23, and in consideration  of the Purchaser
entering into this Agreement, the Principal Vendor  warrants on behalf of
itself and the UK Business Vendor to the  Purchaser on behalf of itself and
any Local Purchaser of the Spanish  Operations (but on the basis that only
the Purchaser shall be  entitled to enforce the rights, if any, of such Local
Purchaser on  its behalf) that each of the Warranties will be true and
accurate on  the Delayed Completion Date insofar as they relate to the
Spanish  Operations.  7.2. As between the Purchaser and the Vendors, the
Purchaser undertakes  that it has relied only on the Warranties (as qualified
by the  matters fairly disclosed in or by the Disclosure Letter), 
indemnities and undertakings in this Agreement and the other  agreements to
be entered into with any Vendor at Completion and not  on any statements or
expressions of opinion or forecasts or  projections of future performance,
nor any other warrantie or  representatins, indemnities     25   or
undertakings of the Principal Vendor. The Purchaser further  undertakes that
it has not relied upon any other warranties,  statements, representations or
undertakings of any description given  by the Principal Vendor, any other
member of the Vendors\' Group or  any of the officers, employees, solicitors,
accountants, other  agents or professional advisers of any member of the
Vendors\' Group.  7.3. The provisions of Schedule 5 shall have effect to
regulate and limit  the Principal Vendor\'s and the UK Business Vendor\'s
liability for  breach of the Warranties. Where expressly provided in Schedule
5, it  shall also regulate and limit the liability of the Vendors in 
respect of other claims under this Agreement and the other  agreements to be
entered into by the Vendors at Completion.  7.4. Save as expressly provided
otherwise, the Warranties shall be  separate and independent and shall not be
limited by reference to  any other Warranties. The Warranties shall not be
extinguished or  affected by Completion. Without limiting the Purchaser\'s
rights to  claim for breaches of Warranties under this Agreement, the
Purchaser  shall be entitled to claim after Completion in respect of any
breach  of Warranty of which it becomes aware between the date of this 
Agreement and Completion.  7.5. Where a Warranty is expressed to be given
"so far as the Principal  Vendor is aware", or is otherwise limited by words
to that effect,  the Principal Vendor and the UK Business Vendor shall be
deemed to  have knowledge only of the matters within the actual awareness
of  the following individuals:   ------------------------
----------------------------------------  NAME POSITION 
------------------------ ----------------------------------------  Martin
Howden VP, Avecia Biocides  ------------------------
----------------------------------------  Simon Herriott General Manager,
Avecia Pool and Spa  ------------------------
----------------------------------------  Mark Kenline Commercial Director 
------------------------ ----------------------------------------  Jeremy
Scudamore Chief Executive Officer, Avecia Group  ------------------------
----------------------------------------  Derrick Nicholson Chief Financial
Officer, Avecia Group  ------------------------
----------------------------------------  David Greensmith Chief Operating
Officer, Avecia  ------------------------
----------------------------------------  Duncan McLellan Group Controller,
Avecia Group  ------------------------
----------------------------------------  Don Short Financial Controller,
Avecia Inc.  ------------------------
----------------------------------------  Peter Whitehouse Business
Controller, Biocides  ------------------------
----------------------------------------  Andrew Cree General Counsel, Avecia
Group  ------------------------ ---------------------------------------- 
Neil Denham Senior Legal Counsel, Avecia Group  ------------------------
----------------------------------------  Greg Kurey General Counsel, Avecia
Inc.  ------------------------ ----------------------------------------  Tom
Shields VP, Manufacturing and SHE, Avecia Group  -----------------------
----------------------------------------  Fran Maloney SHE Manager, Avecia
Inc.  ------------------------ ---------------------------------------- 
Alistair Grant SVP, Human Resources, Avecia Group  ------------------------
----------------------------------------  Jim McEntire Director, Human
Resources, Avecia Inc.  ------------------------
----------------------------------------  Peter Whyte Treasurer, Avecia
Group  ------------------------
----------------------------------------    26   
------------------------ ----------------------------------------  NAME
POSITION  ------------------------ ---------------------------------------- 
John Mayall Head of Intellectual Property, Avecia  Group 
------------------------ ----------------------------------------  Peter
Attwell Taxation Manager, Avecia Group  ------------------------
----------------------------------------  Eric Thompson Information Systems
Manager, Avecia Group  ------------------------
----------------------------------------  Robert Sloss Research and
Development Manager, Avecia  Biocides  7.6. Save in the case of fraud, the
Principal Vendor and the UK Business  Vendor undertake not to make any claim
against any Employee of the  Operations or any Target Company on whom it may
have relied before  entering into any terms of this Agreement or the
documents to be  entered into pursuant to this Agreement or in the
preparation of the  Disclosure Letter (but this shall not preclude the
Principal Vendor  from claiming against any other Vendor under any right of 
contribution or indemnity to which it may be entitled). No right to  damages
or compensation shall arise in favour of the Purchaser to  the extent that
events occurring between the Completion Date and the  Delayed Completion
Date, if any, occurred as a result of (i) the  failure by the Purchaser or a
member of the Purchaser\'s Group to  manage the Sold Operations (as defined
in Clause 4.28.1) in a manner  consistent with Clause 4.28.4, (ii) any act or
omission of any  member of the management of the Sold Operations taken after
the  Completion Date with respect to the Sold Operations, (iii) any  member
of the management of the Spanish Operations complying with an  instruction
given by management of the Sold Operations after the  Completion Date or (iv)
any member of the management of the Spanish  Operations disregarding any
specific instruction of the Principal  Vendor as a result of complying with a
specific instruction given by  management of the Sold Operations or the
Purchaser\'s Group after the  Completion Date.  7.7. The Purchaser warrants
and undertakes to the Vendors that each of  the warranties set out in this
Clause 7.7 is true and accurate as at  the date of this Agreement and that
each of such warranties will be  true and accurate on the Completion Date by
reference to the facts  and circumstances then subsisting:   7.7.1. the
Purchaser is and each Local Purchaser is or will on  Completion be a company
duly incorporated and validly  existing under its respective laws of
incorporation;   7.7.2. the Purchaser has and each Local Purchaser will at 
Completion have, the corporate power and authority to  enter into and perform
such of this Agreement and any  other documents to be entered into pursuant
to this  Agreement;   7.7.3. this Agreement constitutes, and the documents
to be  entered into by the Purchaser or the Local Purchasers  pursuant to
this Agreement when executed will constitute,  valid and binding obligations
of the Purchaser and the  Local Purchasers, as applicable, in accordance with
their  respective terms;   7.7.4. the execution and delivery of and the
performance by the  Purchaser and each Local Purchaser of its obligations,
as  applicable, under such of this Agreement and any other  documents to be
delivered     27   pursuant to this Agreement as are relevant to the 
Purchaser or such Local Purchaser will not:   (a) result in a breach of, or
constitute a default  under, any material instrument to which the  Purchaser
or the Local Purchaser is a party or  by which the Purchaser or the Local
Purchaser is  bound; or   (b) result in a breach of any order, judgment
or  decree of or undertaking to any court,  governmental agency or
regulatory body to which  the Purchaser or the Local Purchaser is a party 
or by which the Purchaser or the Local Purchaser  is bound;   7.7.5. the
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the  documents to be delivered
under it and the consummation of  the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby will not  (i) violate, conflict with or result in any breach of any 
provision of the constitutional documents or by-laws of  the Purchaser or a
Local Purchaser or (ii) violate,  conflict with or result in any breach of
any statute, rule  or governmental regulation applicable to the Purchaser
or  the Local Purchaser;   7.7.6. no consent, approval, authorisation,
declaration of, or  notification to, any governmental authority (other than 
competition notifications in jurisdictions other than the  United Kingdom and
the United States) is required to be  made or obtained by the Purchaser or
the Local Purchaser  as a condition of the execution or delivery of this 
Agreement or the documents to be delivered under this  Agreement or, save as
contemplated by Clause 3.1, the  consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby or  thereby;   7.7.7. the Purchaser has the financial
resources required to  fulfil its obligations under this Agreement in respect
of  the payment of the Purchase Price and, to the extent such  resources
rely on third parties providing finance, the  Purchaser has committed
facilities available to it which  are not subject to any conditions outside
the Purchaser\'s  control;   7.7.8. the Consideration Shares have been duly
authorised for  issuance and, when issued pursuant to the provisions of 
this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and  non-assessable;  
7.7.9. assuming the accuracy of the Warranties of the Principal  Vendor set
forth in paragraph 21 of Schedule 4, the  issuance of the Consideration
Shares by the Purchaser in  the manner contemplated by this Agreement will be
exempt  from the registration requirements of the Securities Act  by reason
of Section 4(2) thereof and will be exempt from  the registration or
qualification requirements of the laws  of any applicable state of the United
States; and   7.7.10. the Purchaser has timely filed with the SEC all
forms,  reports, schedules, proxy statements, registration  statements and
other documents required to be filed by it  since 1 January 2003 pursuant to
Sections 13(a) and 15(d)  of the Exchange Act (the "Purchaser SEC   
28   Reports"); as of its respective date, each of the  Purchaser SEC
Reports complied in all material respects  with all applicable requirements
of Exchange Act and the  applicable rules and regulations of the SEC
promulgated  thereunder, and did not, at the time filed, contain any  untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a  material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary  in order to make the statements therein, in
light of the  circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.  8.
CLAIMS PROCEDURE  8.1. If any party to this Agreement (the "Claimant")
becomes aware of any  matter that may give rise to a claim against another
party to this  Agreement (the "Recipient") under this Agreement (other than
in  respect of a breach of a Warranty relating exclusively to Taxation 
(where the claim shall be dealt with in the manner set out in clause  6 of
the Tax Deed)) notice of that fact shall be given to the  Recipient as soon
as reasonably practicable but any failure to give  such timely notice shall
not affect the rights of the Claimant  except to the extent that the
Recipient is prejudiced by such  failure.  8.2. Without prejudice to the
validity of the claim or alleged claim in  question and subject to (i) the
Claimant being paid all reasonable  out of pocket costs and expenses and (ii)
the Recipient entering  into such undertakings relating to confidentiality as
the Claimant  may reasonably require), the Claimant shall allow, and shall
procure  that the relevant Associated Companies of the Claimant allow, the 
Recipient and its accountants and professional advisers to  investigate the
matter or circumstance alleged to give rise to such  claim and whether and to
what extent any amount is payable in  respect of such claim and for such
purpose the Claimant shall give,  and shall procure that the relevant
Associated Companies of the  Claimant shall give, all such information and
assistance, including  access to premises and personnel, and the right to
examine and copy  or photograph any assets, accounts, documents and records,
as the  Recipient or its accountants or professional advisers may
reasonably  request.  8.3. If the claim in question is a result of or in
connection with a  claim or liability to a third party then:   8.3.1. no
admission of liability shall be made by or on behalf of  the Claimant or any
Associated Company of the Claimant and  the claim shall not be compromised,
disposed of or settled  without the consent of the Recipient (such consent
not to  be unreasonably withheld or delayed);   8.3.2. the Recipient shall
(subject to its agreeing that it is  liable and providing an indemnity in
terms reasonably  satisfactory to the Claimant in respect of all costs and 
expenses which may be incurred by the Claimant or any  Associated Company of
the Claimant in complying with this  Clause 8.3.2) be entitled at its own
expense in its  absolute discretion to take such action as it shall deem 
necessary to avoid, dispute, deny, defend, resist, appeal,  compromise or
contest such claim or liability (including,  without limitation, making
counterclaims or other claims  against third     29   parties) in the
name of and on behalf of the Claimant or  any Associated Company of the
Claimant concerned; and   8.3.3. the Claimant will give and procure that the
relevant  Associated Companies of the Claimant give, subject to  their being
paid all reasonable out of pocket costs and  expenses, all such information
and assistance, including  access to premises and personnel, and the right to
examine  and copy or photograph any assets, accounts, documents and 
records, for the purpose of avoiding, disputing, denying,  defending,
resisting, appealing, compromising or  contesting any such claim or liability
as the Recipient or  their professional advisers reasonably request. The 
Recipient agrees to keep all such information confidential  and only to use
it for such purpose.   This Clause 8.3 will not apply so as to give any of
the Vendors any  rights in respect of the conduct of the defence by the
Purchaser, a  Local Purchaser or a Target Company of claims made by a
customer who  in the twelve months preceding the date of such claim
purchased  goods or services of the Operations. Clause 8.3.2 will not apply
as  to any third party claims seeking an injunction or other relief for 
other than money damages against the Claimant that the Claimant  reasonably
determines, after conferring with its outside counsel,  cannot be separated
from any related claim for money damages. If  such claim can be separated
from any related claim for money  damages, the Recipient, subject to
complying with Clause 8.3.2,  shall be entitled to assume the defence of the
portion relating to  money damages. The rights of the Recipient under this
Clause in  respect of the negotiation, conduct, defence and settlement of 
claims shall be subject, where applicable, to the rights of the  Claimant\'s
insurers in respect of such matters.  8.4. The Purchaser agrees that after
the Completion Date, the Purchaser  will or will procure that a Local
Purchaser or a Target Company will  retain and exert reasonable endeavours to
preserve the condition of  the relevant Books and Records and the books and
records of the  Target Companies and ensure that no such books and records
are  destroyed or disposed of or permitted to be destroyed or disposed of 
during a seven year period from the Completion Date, provided that  the
Purchaser may destroy or dispose of any such books and records  prior to the
expiration of said seven years if the Principal Vendor  is provided with
reasonable advance notice of the Purchaser\'s  intention to discard or
destroy books and records generally  identifying the content of the same and
the Principal Vendor either  agrees that such books and records may be
destroyed or disposed of  or fails to make arrangements for the pickup and
delivery of such  documents within thirty days of the date of the
Purchaser\'s notice.  8.5. The Purchaser and the Principal Vendor undertake
to (and shall  procure that each member of the Purchaser\'s Group or
Vendors\' Group  (as appropriate) shall) take all reasonable steps available
to it to  mitigate any loss suffered by any such party in respect of any
claim  under this Agreement.  8.6. Where any member of the Purchaser\'s
Group or the Vendors\' Group (as  appropriate) is entitled to recover from
some other person any sum  in     30   respect of any loss which could
give rise or has given rise to any  claim under this Agreement, the Purchaser
or the Principal Vendor  shall promptly after becoming aware of such
entitlement inform the  Principal Vendor or the Purchaser (as appropriate) of
it and will  procure that there are taken all commercially reasonable steps
to  recover that sum. Any such sum recovered (less any out of pocket  costs
and expenses reasonably incurred in obtaining such recovery)  will reduce the
amount which, without such recovery, could have  formed the whole or part of
any claim under this Agreement provided  however that such entitled party
shall not be obliged to pursue such  claim against the third party before or
in preference to pursuing a  claim against the other party.  8.7. If any
party pays an amount in discharge of any claim under this  Agreement and the
recipient or one of its Associated Companies  subsequently recovers from a
third party the same losses in respect  of which the relevant claim was made,
the recipient shall repay an  amount equal to (i) the sum recovered from the
third party less any  out of pocket costs and expenses reasonably incurred in
obtaining  such recovery and less also any Taxation or other deductions 
chargeable or suffered in respect of such sum or (ii) if less, the  amount
previously paid by such party to the recipient.  9. REGISTRATION
RIGHTS  9.1. For purposes of this Clause 9, the following terms shall have
the  following meanings:   9.1.1. "Affiliate" of any person means another
person that  directly or indirectly, through one or more  intermediaries,
controls, is controlled by, or is under  common control with, such first
person; for the purposes  of this definition, "control" when used with
respect to  any person means the possession, directly or indirectly,  of the
power to direct or cause the direction of the  management and policies of a
person, whether through the  ownership of voting securities, by contract, or
otherwise;  and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings 
correlative to the foregoing;   9.1.2. "Common Stock" means the shares of
common stock, par value  US$1.00 per share, of the Purchaser; and   9.1.3.
"Rule 144" means Rule 144 promulgated by the SEC under the  Securities
Act.  9.2. On and after the date of Completion and until all of the 
Consideration Shares issued under this Agreement may be sold without  volume
limitation under Rule 144 by a person which is not an  Affiliate of the
Purchaser, if the Purchaser proposes to file a  registration statement with
respect to an offering of Common Stock  to the general public (other than a
registration statement on Form  S-4 or Form S-8 (or any substitute form that
may be adopted by the  SEC)) (any such registration statement, a
"Registration Statement"),  then the Purchaser shall give written notice of
such proposed filing  to the Principal Vendor as soon as practicable (but in
no event less  than 15 Business Days before the anticipated filing date).
Upon the  written request by the Principal Vendor, given within ten   
31   Business Days after delivery of any such notice by the Purchaser, to 
include in such Registration Statement such number of Consideration  Shares
as the Principal Vendor may request, and as are held by the  Principal Vendor
or any member of the Vendors\' Group, the Purchaser  shall include all such
Consideration Shares in such Registration  Statement on the same terms and
conditions as the Common Stock  otherwise being offered and sold pursuant to
such Registration  Statement. Notwithstanding anything contained herein, if
the  Registration Statement is being filed for an underwritten offering  of
Common Stock to the general public for the Purchaser\'s own  account (the
"Primary Shares"), and the lead underwriter delivers a  written opinion to
the Purchaser that the size of the offering that  the Purchaser, the
Principal Vendor and the holders of any other  shares proposed to be included
in the Registration Statement (the  "Other Shares") intend to make is such
that the success of the  offering would be materially and adversely affected,
then the number  of Primary Shares, Other Shares and Consideration Shares to
be  included in such offering shall be reduced to the extent necessary  to
reduce the total amount of securities to be included in such  offering to the
amount recommended by such lead underwriter;  provided that priority shall be
(i) first, Primary Shares and (ii)  second, pro rata among Other Shares and
Consideration Shares.  Notwithstanding the foregoing and for the avoidance of
doubt, the  Purchaser shall be entitled at any time to terminate or abandon
any  registration process and related offering of Common Stock as such 
process relates to all shares included in such registration and 
offering.  9.3. Whenever the Purchaser is under an obligation pursuant to
the  provisions of this Clause 9 to effect the registration of any 
Consideration Shares, the Purchaser shall, as expeditiously as 
practicable:   9.3.1. prepare and file with the SEC such amendments and 
supplements to the Registration Statement and the  prospectus used in
connection therewith as may be  necessary to keep such Registration Statement
effective  until the offer and sale of the Common Stock to the  general
public pursuant to such Registration Statement is  complete and to comply
with the provisions of the  Securities Act with respect to the sale or
other  disposition of the Consideration Shares;   9.3.2. notify the
Principal Vendor in writing promptly (i) of the  receipt by the Purchaser of
any notification with respect  to the issuance by the SEC of any stop order
suspending  the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or  prospectus
or any amendment or supplement thereto or the  initiation or threatening of
any proceeding for that  purpose and (ii) of the receipt by the Purchaser of
any  notification with respect to the suspension of the  qualification of
the Consideration Shares for sale in any  jurisdiction or the initiation or
threatening of any  proceeding for such purpose;   9.3.3. furnish to the
Principal Vendor such number of copies of a  summary prospectus or other
prospectus, including a  preliminary prospectus, in conformity with the 
requirements of the Securities Act;    32   9.3.4. notify the holders of
the Consideration Shares of the  happening of any event as a result of which
the prospectus  included in the Registration Statement, as then in effect, 
includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits  to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or  necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading in  light of the circumstances then existing;  
9.3.5. list the Consideration Shares on any national securities  exchange on
which any shares of the Common Stock are  listed; and   9.3.6. otherwise
comply with all applicable rules and regulations  of the SEC and make
available to its securityholders, as  soon as reasonably practicable,
earnings statements (which  need not be audited) covering a period of 12
months  beginning within one month after the effective date of the 
Registration Statement, which earnings statements shall  satisfy the
provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities  Act.  9.4. All fees and
expenses incident to the performance of or compliance  with this Clause 9 by
the Purchaser, including all fees and expenses  of compliance with securities
or blue sky laws (including reasonable  fees and disbursements of counsel in
connection with blue sky  qualifications of the Consideration Shares),
printing expenses,  messenger and delivery expenses, any registration or
filing fees  payable under any US Federal or state securities or blue sky
laws,  the fees and expenses incurred in connection with any listing of the 
securities to be registered on any securities exchange or automated 
quotation system, fees and disbursements of counsel for the  Purchaser and
its independent certified public accountants  (including the expenses of any
comfort letters required by or  incident to such performance), securities
acts liability insurance  (if the Purchaser elects to obtain such insurance),
the reasonable  fees and expenses of any special experts retained by the
Purchaser  in connection with such registration and the fees and expenses
of  other persons retained by the Purchaser, will be borne by the 
Purchaser; it being understood and agreed that the Principal Vendor  will
bear all fees and expenses incurred by it in connection with  any
registration pursuant to this Clause 9 (including any  underwriting fees,
discounts and commissions, transfer taxes and  fees and expenses of its
counsel).  9.5. The Purchaser and the Principal Vendor and their Affiliates
shall  reasonably cooperate and use all reasonable endeavours, and shall 
each take all actions reasonably necessary or advisable, in  connection with
the Purchaser\'s obligation to effect the  registration of the Consideration
Shares with the SEC in accordance  with this Clause 9.  9.6. The Purchaser
agrees to indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest  extent permitted by
law, the Principal Vendor, its Affiliates and  their respective officers,
directors, agents, employees and partners  (each, an "indemnified party")
against any and all losses, claims,  damages, fees, expenses (including
reasonable fees, disbursements  and other charges of counsel and costs of
investigation) or other  liabilities caused by any untrue or alleged untrue
statement of  material fact contained in any Registration Statement,
prospectus or  preliminary prospectus (each as amended and or supplemented,
if the     33   Purchaser shall have furnished any amendments or
supplements  thereto), or any omission or alleged omission to state therein
a  material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the 
statements therein (in the case of a prospectus, in the light of the 
circumstances under which they were made) not misleading; provided  that the
Purchaser shall not be required to indemnify any  indemnified party for any
losses, claims, damages, fees, expenses or  other liabilities resulting from
any such untrue statement or  omission if such untrue statement or omission
is made in reliance on  and in conformity with any information with respect
to the Principal  Vendor or any other indemnified parties furnished in
writing to the  Purchaser by the Principal Vendor or such other indemnified
parties  expressly for use therein.  9.7. In connection with any
registration in which the Principal Vendor or  any of its Affiliates is
participating, the Principal Vendor and its  Affiliates will furnish to the
Purchaser in writing such information  with respect to the Principal Vendor
or its Affiliates as the  Purchaser reasonably requests for use in connection
with any such  Registration Statement, prospectus, or preliminary prospectus
and  agrees to indemnify the Purchaser, its Affiliates and their  respective
officers, directors, agents, employees and partners to  the same extent as
the foregoing indemnity from the Purchaser to the  Principal Vendor or its
Affiliates, but only with respect to  information relating to the Principal
Vendor or its Affiliates  furnished to the Purchaser in writing by the
Principal Vendor or its  Affiliates expressly for use in the Registration
Statement, the  prospectus, any amendment or supplement thereto, or any
preliminary  prospectus; provided, however, that the maximum amount of
liability  in respect of such indemnification shall be limited to an amount 
equal to the net proceeds actually received by the Principal Vendor  or its
Affiliates from the sale of Consideration Shares effected  pursuant to such
Registration Statement.  9.8. In case any proceeding (including any
governmental investigation)  shall be instituted involving any person in
respect of which  indemnity may be sought pursuant to Clause 9.6 or 9.7
above, such  indemnified party shall promptly notify the person against whom
such  indemnity may be sought (hereinafter in this Clause 9.8 and Clause 
9.9 below called the "indemnifying party") in writing and the  indemnifying
party, upon request of the indemnified party, shall  retain counsel
reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party to  represent the
indemnified party and any others the indemnifying  party may designate in
such proceeding and shall pay the fees and  disbursements of such counsel
related to such proceeding. In any  such proceeding, any indemnified party
shall have the right to  retain its own counsel, but the fees and expenses of
such counsel  shall be at the expense of such indemnified party unless (i)
the  indemnifying party and the indemnified party shall have mutually 
agreed to the retention of such counsel or (ii) the named parties to  any
such proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both  the
indemnifying party and the indemnified party and the indemnified  party shall
have been advised by counsel that representation of both  parties by the same
counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or  potential differing
interests between them. It is understood that  the indemnifying party shall
not, in connection with any proceeding  or related proceedings in the same
jurisdiction, be liable for the  fees and expenses of more than one separate
firm (in addition to any  local counsel) for all such indemnified parties,
and that all such  fees and expenses shall be    34   reimbursed as they
are incurred. In the case of any such separate  firm for the indemnified
parties, such firm shall be designated in  writing by the indemnified
parties. The indemnifying party shall not  be liable for any settlement of
any proceeding effected without its  written consent, but if settled with
such consent or if there be a  final judgment for the plaintiff, the
indemnifying party agrees to  indemnify the indemnified party from and
against any loss or  liability by reason of such settlement or judgment. No
indemnifying  party shall, without the prior written consent of the
indemnified  party, effect any settlement of any pending or threatened
proceeding  in respect of which any indemnified party is or could have been
a  party and indemnity could have been sought hereunder by such  indemnified
party, unless such settlement includes an unconditional  release of such
indemnified party from all liability on claims that  are the subject matter
of such proceeding.  9.9. lf the indemnification provided for in Clause 9.6
or 9.7 above from  the indemnifying party is unavailable to an indemnified
party  hereunder in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or 
expenses referred to in Clause 9.6 or 9.7 above, then the  indemnifying
party, in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party,  shall contribute to
the amount paid or payable by such indemnified  party as result of such
losses, claims, damages, fees, expenses or  other liabilities in such
proportion as is appropriate to reflect  the relative fault of the
indemnifying party and indemnified parties  in connection with the actions
which resulted in such losses,  claims, damages, fees, expenses or other
liabilities, as well as any  other relevant equitable considerations. The
relative fault of such  indemnifying party and indemnified parties shall be
determined by  reference to, among other things, whether any action in
question,  including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material
fact  or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact, has been 
made by, or relates to information supplied by, such indemnifying  party or
indemnified parties, and the parties\' relative intent,  knowledge, access to
information and opportunity to correct or  prevent such action. The amount
paid or payable by a party as a  result of the losses, claims, damages,
liabilities and expenses  referred to above shall be deemed to include,
subject to the  limitations set forth in Clause 9.8 above, any legal or other
fees  or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with any 
investigation or proceeding. The parties hereto agree that it would  not be
just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Clause  9.9 were
determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of  allocation which
does not take into account the equitable  considerations referred to in this
Clause 9.9. No person guilty of  fraudulent misrepresentation (within the
meaning of Section 11(f) of  the Securities Act) shall be entitled to
contribution from any  person who was not guilty of such fraudulent
misrepresentation. If  indemnification is available under Clause 9.6 or 9.7
above, the  indemnifying parties shall indemnify each indemnified party to
the  full extent provided in Clause 9.6 or 9.7 above without regard to  the
relative fault of said indemnifying party or any other equitable 
consideration provided for in this Clause 9.9. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, in no event shall the amount contributed by the Principal  Vendor
exceed the aggregate net offering proceeds received by the  Principal Vendor
from the sale of Consideration Shares pursuant to  the Registration
Statement.    35 10. CONTRACTS  10.1. With effect from Completion and to
the extent that the same is  lawful and permissible under the relevant
Contract, each of the  Business Vendors assigns to the Purchaser (or the
relevant Local  Purchaser) its rights under each Contract (other than
Excluded  Assets).  10.2. To the extent that the assignments referred to in
Clause 10.1 are  not lawful or permissible under a Contract (whether due to
the  consent of the other party or parties to such contract not being 
obtained or otherwise):   10.2.1. the Business Vendors shall insofar as
required by and at  the request of the Purchaser use all reasonable
endeavours  with the co-operation of the Purchaser to procure such 
assignments; and   10.2.2. until such assignments have been procured:  
(a) this Agreement shall not constitute an  assignment or attempted
assignment of the  Contract but the relevant Business Vendors shall  hold
the relevant Contract in trust for the  Purchaser or the relevant Local
Purchaser  absolutely (but only if the relevant Business  Vendor can do so
without causing an event of  default or termination and without a breach of 
law);   (b) the relevant Business Vendor shall give all  reasonable
assistance to the Purchaser to enable  the Purchaser to enforce the relevant
Business  Vendor\'s rights under the relevant Contract and  the Purchaser
shall reimburse the relevant  Business Vendor for any reasonable out of
pocket  costs and expenses incurred in giving such  assistance but only:  
(i) if (x) the Purchaser or the relevant  Local Purchaser receives (either 
directly or through the relevant  Business Vendor) the economic claims, 
rights and benefits, if any, under  such Contract or (y) the reason why  the
Purchaser or the relevant Local  Purchaser does not receive such  economic
claims, rights and benefits,  if any, is not the failure of the  relevant
Contract to be assigned to  the Purchaser or the relevant Local  Purchaser;
and   (ii) to the extent such costs and expenses  do not exceed the costs
and expenses  the Purchaser would reasonably have  incurred in enforcing
such rights, had  such Contract previously been assigned  to the Purchaser;
and   (c) the parties shall co-operate (each at its own  expense) in making
such other reasonable lawful  alternative arrangements regarding the
relevant  Contract as may best achieve the transfer with  effect from
Completion of the benefit and burden  of such Contract to the Purchaser or a
Local  Purchaser.    36  10.3. The Business Vendors will make any
benefit received by them under a  Contract after Completion available to the
Purchaser and the  Purchaser shall procure at its own expense the performance
of the  Business Vendor\'s obligations under the Contract and shall be 
responsible for the Business Liabilities, if any, arising under or  relating
to such Contract, provided that the Purchaser shall  (subject to Clause 10.4)
only be required to procure the performance  of such obligations and assume
such Business Liabilities to the  extent it is able (whether directly or
through such Business Vendor)  to receive such benefits and any claims and
rights that would  otherwise have accrued to the Purchaser under such
Contract had such  Contract been assigned to the Purchaser at
Completion.  10.4. In relation to those Contracts under which a Business
Vendor has  outstanding performance obligations as at Completion and where
the  counterparty to such Contract refuses to agree to the effective 
transfer of such performance obligations to the Purchaser, the  Purchaser
shall nonetheless offer to such counterparty to undertake  such performance
obligations in return for the receipt by the  Purchaser of the economic
claims, rights and benefits, if any, under  such Contract.  11.
EMPLOYEES  The provisions of Schedule 7 shall apply in relation to the
Employees and the transfer of the employment of the Employees (other than the
Target Company Employees) to the Purchaser or a Local Purchaser and ancillary
matters.  12. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT ARRANGEMENTS  The provisions of Schedule 8
shall apply in relation to the Employee Benefit Arrangements. Where a
specific provision of Schedule 8 is inconsistent with Schedule 7, Schedule 8
shall prevail.  13. POST-COMPLETION OBLIGATIONS  RELEASE OF
GUARANTEES  13.1. Immediately following Completion the Purchaser shall use
all  reasonable endeavours to procure the release of all securities, 
guarantees and indemnities given by or binding upon any member of  the
Vendors\' Group in relation to any debt or obligation of any  Target Company.
Pending such release the Purchaser shall indemnify  and keep indemnified the
Principal Vendor for itself and as trustee  for each member of the Vendors\'
Group from and against all costs,  claims and demands arising out of or in
connection with such  securities, guarantees and indemnities.  13.2.
Immediately following Completion the Principal Vendor shall use all 
reasonable endeavours to procure the release of all securities,  guarantees
and indemnities given by or binding on any Target Company  in relation to any
debt or obligation of any member of the Vendors\'  Group. Pending such
release the Principal Vendor shall indemnify and  keep indemnified the
Purchaser for itself and as trustee for the  Target Companies from and
against all costs, claims and demands  arising out of or in connection with
any such securities, guarantees  and indemnities.    37 RECEIPTS BY
VENDORS\' GROUP  13.3. If at any time after Completion any member of the
Vendors\' Group  receives any monies in respect of any Debtor or Claim then
the  Principal Vendor shall procure that such member shall pay to the 
Purchaser as soon as reasonably practicable the amount recovered  (less any
costs of recovery).  RECEIPTS BY PURCHASER\'S GROUP  13.4. If at any time
after Completion any member of the Purchaser\'s Group  receives or has
possession of any Excluded Asset or any monies  attributable to any Excluded
Asset, the Purchaser shall procure that  the relevant member of the
Purchaser\'s Group shall pay or forward to  the Principal Vendor as soon as
reasonably practicable such Excluded  Asset or monies (less any costs of
recovery).  FURTHER ASSURANCE  13.5. Each of the parties shall from time
to time on being required to do  so by another, do or procure that there is
done all such acts  reasonably in its power and/or execute and deliver all
such further  documents as such other party may reasonably consider necessary
for  giving full effect to this Agreement (provided that, for the  avoidance
of doubt, if one party requires another to execute a  document pursuant to
this Clause, the party making such request  shall bear the cost of
preparation, execution and, where applicable,  filing of such
document).  USE OF EXCLUDED NAMES  13.6. Subject to Clause 13.7 below, the
Purchaser undertakes to the  Vendors that it shall not, and shall procure
that no member of the  Purchaser\'s Group shall, after Completion, use in any
way whatsoever  any registered or unregistered trademarks (including any
logos or  other devices) incorporating the Excluded Names. Without
prejudice  to the foregoing, the Purchaser shall procure that within 90 days
of  Completion, any Target Company which has the word "Avecia" as part  of
its corporate name shall effect a change of name so as to exclude  the word
"Avecia" or any confusingly similar word (and the Purchaser  shall within
such 90 day period provide evidence of such change of  name to the Principal
Vendor).  13.7. The Purchaser, the Local Purchasers and the Target Companies
shall  have the right to continue to use the trade mark "Avecia" or any 
registered or unregistered trade marks, logos or other devices  incorporating
"Avecia" on a royalty free, non-exclusive basis solely  (i) on labels,
packaging and products for a period of one year from  Completion and (ii) on
vehicles, stationery, premises, promotional  material, and on any other
assets comprising part of the Business  Assets or owned by the Target
Companies for a period of six months  from Completion, in each case to which
such trade marks were in the  ordinary course of the Operations affixed
before Completion, and  solely in the manner in which they were being used
immediately  before Completion.   38  POST-COMPLETION CLAIMS BY VENDORS\'
GROUP AND PURCHASER\'S GROUP  13.8. Except as otherwise expressly provided
in or contemplated by this  Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement, the
Principal Vendor  undertakes that after Completion no member of the Vendors\'
Group  will make any claim on any Target Company and the Purchaser 
undertakes that after any Completion no Target Company will make any  claim
on any member of the Vendors\' Group, in each case in respect  of
transactions, acts or omissions occurring before Completion other  than to
the extent that the amount claimed was provided for or  included as an asset
or liability in determining the Completion  Working Capital or reduced the
value of an asset therein or was  included as an Intra-Group Payable or
Intra-Group Receivable in the  Intra-Group Indebtedness
Statement.  ASSISTANCE WITH TAX RETURNS AND AUDIT  13.9. The Purchaser
shall procure that the employees of the Purchaser\'s  Group from time to time
shall provide such assistance to the  Vendors\' Group (at the Purchaser\'s
expense) as is reasonably  required for the purpose of:   13.9.1.
completion of Tax Returns of members of the Vendors\' Group  or Tax Returns
of Target Companies which are part of a  group for Taxation purposes with
members of the Vendors\'  Group (including where applicable Tax Returns 
incorporating information relating to the Target  Companies) within all
relevant jurisdictions for the tax  period up to and including the Completion
Date; and   13.9.2. preparation and finalisation of individual and 
consolidated accounts of members of the Vendors\' Group.  13.10. The
Principal Vendor shall procure that the employees of the  Vendors\' Group
from time to time should provide such assistance to  the Purchaser\'s Group
(at the Principal Vendor\'s expense) as is  reasonably required for the
purpose of the Purchaser\'s Group\'s  completion of Tax Returns relating to
the Operations.  PROCUREMENT OBLIGATIONS  13.11. Where this Agreement
provides for a member of the Vendors\' Group or  a member of the Purchaser\'s
Group to be obliged in any way, such  provision shall be construed as
including an obligation on the  Principal Vendor or the Purchaser
respectively to procure that such  obligation is discharged. Where this
Agreement provides for a member  of the Vendors\' Group or a member of the
Purchaser\'s Group enjoying  any benefit, such provision shall be construed
as including an  obligation on the Purchaser or the Principal Vendor
respectively to  ensure that such benefit is provided or made available by
the  relevant member of its group.  CONSOLIDATED TAX GROUPS  13.12. The
Principal Vendor and the Purchaser agree that where Target  Company is a
member of a group together with a member of the  Vendors\' Group which makes
a consolidated return for any Taxation  purpose, arrangements shall be   
39   made as soon as practicable to terminate any existing arrangements 
between members of the Vendors\' Group and that Target Company.  TRANSFER OF
PERMITS  13.13. Where any Permit of a Business Vendor is capable of transfer
to the  Purchaser or a Local Purchaser, the Principal Vendor shall or shall 
procure that the relevant member of the Vendors\' Group shall at its  own
expense execute such documents as are necessary to effect such  transfer.
Where any Permits of a Business Vendor are not so capable  of transfer, the
Principal Vendor shall and shall procure that the  relevant members of the
Vendors\' Group shall offer such assistance  as the Purchaser may reasonably
require for the renewal or reissue  of such Permit to it or another member of
the Purchaser\'s Group.  CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS  13.14. After Completion,
the relevant Vendors shall, as soon as reasonably  practicable, join with the
Purchaser (or relevant Local Purchaser)  in sending a notice in a form agreed
between the Purchaser and the  Principal Vendor to the customers and
suppliers and other business  contacts of the Operations informing them of
the transfer of the  Operations.  INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY  13.15. If within
the twelve month period following the Completion Date, the  Purchaser or any
Vendor discovers that any Business IP is owned by  any member of the
Vendors\' Group, the Principal Vendor shall  promptly procure an assignment
of such Intellectual Property to the  Purchaser (or as directed by the
Purchaser) for nominal  consideration.  ASSISTANCE WITH LITIGATION AND
CLAIMS  13.16. If and to the extent that:   13.16.1. the Vendors\' Group
has under this Agreement retained or  the Purchaser\'s Group has assumed
responsibility for any  liability or claim; and   13.16.2. after Completion
the Purchaser\'s Group or the Vendors\'  Group, as appropriate (or their
respective employees or  advisers) have information which would assist in
the  investigation, defence or settlement of such liability or  claims,  
then the Purchaser shall or shall procure that the relevant  member of the
Purchaser\'s Group shall and the Vendor shall or shall  procure that the
relevant member of the Vendors\' Group shall at the  expense of the party
requesting such assistance provide all such  reasonable assistance as may be
required for the investigation,  defence or settlement of such liability or
claim, including without  limitation: 13.16.3. reasonable access to records,
premises,  personnel and advisers; and    40   13.16.4. making personnel
and advisers available for the purpose of  taking affidavits and preparation
for the attendance of  any court hearing or other legal or arbitral or 
alternative dispute resolution procedures.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  13.17.
Not later than 30 days after the Completion Date, the Principal  Vendor shall
deliver to the Purchaser (in Microsoft Excel format  other than the notes
thereto, which shall be in Microsoft Word  format) the Audited Non-Statutory
Accounts, together with an  "Operating and Financial Review and Prospects"
(with respect to (i)  the year ended 31st December 2002 compared to the year
ended 31st  December 2001 and (ii) the year ended 31st December 2003 compared
to  the year ended 31st December 2002, in each case in Microsoft Word 
format) prepared in accordance with Item 5 of Form 20-F under the  Securities
Act. The Audited Non-Statutory Accounts shall contain US  GAAP
reconciliations prepared in accordance with US GAAP and the  applicable
provisions of Regulation S-X and Form 20-F under the  Securities Act. The
Principal Vendor shall be responsible for the  costs of preparation of the
Audited Non-Statutory Accounts.  SEC FILINGS  13.18. For so long as the
Consideration Shares are outstanding and are held  by the Principal Vendor or
any member of the Vendors\' Group, the  Purchaser shall file all reports
required to be filed by the  Purchaser with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Exchange  Act.  INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LICENCES  13.19. If within
the twelve month period following the Completion Date, the  Purchaser or any
Vendor discovers that any Intellectual Property to  which this Clause 13.19
applies, which Intellectual Property was  owned by or licensed to a member of
the Vendors\' Group and was used  in the Operations in the twelve months
preceding the Completion Date  and such use was material to the Operations in
that period, has not  been assigned or licensed to the Purchaser hereunder or
pursuant to  the Ancillary Agreements, the Principal Vendor shall promptly
grant,  or procure the grant of, a non-exclusive, royalty free, perpetual 
licence to the Purchaser, to use any such Intellectual Property in  the
Target Businesses for the purposes used prior to Completion, but  for no
other purpose whatsoever.   Where any Intellectual Property to which this
Clause 13.19 applies  is licensed to the Principal Vendor or member of the
Vendors\' Group,  the Principal Vendor\'s only obligation hereunder shall be
to grant,  or procure the grant of, a sub-licence and if such sub-licence 
requires the consent of the licensor, to use its reasonable  endeavours to
obtain such consent.   This Clause 13.19 applies to Intellectual Property
other than (a)  Intellectual Property relating to computer software (b) the
Excluded  Names, and (c) any registered or unregistered trade marks
including  any logos or other devices incorporating the Excluded
Names.       41  13.20. If within the twelve month period following
the Completion Date, the  Purchaser or any Vendor discovers that any Business
IP used by any  member of the Vendors\' Group, other than in the Target
Businesses,  in the twelve months preceding the Completion Date and such use
was  material in that period, the Purchaser shall promptly grant, or 
procure the grant of, a non-exclusive, royalty free, perpetual  licence to
the relevant member of the Vendors\' Group, to use any  such Intellectual
Property in its business for the purposes used  prior to Completion, but for
no other purpose whatsoever.  INSURANCE POLICIES  13.21. For so long as
any Insured Liabilities remain outstanding, the  Principal Vendor agrees that
it shall not (and will procure that no  member of the Vendors\' Group
shall):   13.21.1. revoke;   13.21.2. take any steps to vitiate or impair
the legal validity of;  or   13.21.3. otherwise take any action which may
have the effect of  vitiating, or impairing the legal validity of,   any
insurance policy in force at the date of this Agreement  providing coverage
in respect of such Insured Liability.  EMPLOYEE RECORDS  13.22. The
Vendors shall transfer all records and data held by such Vendors  relating to
the Employees (including Sensitive Personal Data (as  defined in Section 2 of
the Data Protection Act 1998) to the extent  required to comply with TUPE or
any other legal requirement but no  other Sensitive Personal Data) to the
Purchaser or a Local Purchaser  on or as soon as reasonably practicable after
Completion. For a  period of three months from Completion, the Purchaser may
request  that the Vendors notify the Purchaser of any classes of Sensitive 
Personal Data held by the Vendors relating to the Employees (other  than US
Employees) which have not been provided to the Purchaser or  a Local
Purchaser pursuant to this Clause 5.6. The Purchaser may  then request that
the Vendors provide any of such Sensitive Personal  Data to it (such
requested data being "Withheld Sensitive Personal  Data"). Subject to the
Purchaser obtaining all consents from the  subjects of the Withheld Sensitive
Personal Data necessary to allow  the Vendors to disclose such in compliance
with their legal  obligations, the Vendors shall provide the Withheld
Sensitive  Personal Data to the Purchaser.  14. GUARANTEES  14.1. In this
Clause:   14.1.1. references to the "Guarantor" shall be construed both as
a  reference to the Purchaser (in relation to the Local  Purchasers) and to
the Principal Vendor (in relation to  the Business Vendors and the Share
Vendors); and       42   14.1.2. references to the "Guaranteed
Subsidiaries" means the  Local Purchasers (in relation to the Purchaser) and
the  Business Vendors and the Share Vendors (in relation to the  Principal
Vendor).  14.2. In consideration of the other parties entering into this
Agreement  the Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees
due  and punctual performance and observance by the Guaranteed  Subsidiaries
of all their obligations under or for breach of this  Agreement and any
agreement to be entered into pursuant to it  (including obligations to pay
damages) (the "Guaranteed  Obligations"). The liability of the Guarantor
under this Clause  shall not be released or diminished by any variation of
the terms of  the Guaranteed Obligations, any forbearance, neglect or delay
in  seeking performance of the Guaranteed Obligations or any granting of 
time for such performance, or by any assignment of the benefit of  the
Guaranteed Obligations in accordance with Clause 19.18 or 19.19.  14.3. If
and whenever a Guaranteed Subsidiary defaults for any reason  whatsoever (and
irrespective of the time during which such default  has been unremedied) in
the performance of any of the Guaranteed  Obligations, the Guarantor shall
forthwith upon demand  unconditionally and irrevocably perform (or procure
performance of)  and satisfy (or procure the satisfaction of) the
Guaranteed  Obligations in regard to which such default has been
made.  14.4. The guarantees in this Clause are to be continuing guarantees
and  accordingly are to remain in force until all the Guaranteed 
Obligations shall have been irrevocably performed or satisfied. Such 
guarantees are in addition to and without prejudice to and not in 
substitution for any rights or security which the recipient of such 
guarantees may now or hereafter have or hold for the performance and 
observance of the Guaranteed Obligations.  14.5. As a separate and
independent stipulation the Guarantor agrees that  any of the Guaranteed
Obligations (including, without limitation,  any moneys payable) which may
not be enforceable against or  recoverable from any Guaranteed Subsidiary by
reason of any legal  limitation, disability or incapacity on or of the
Guaranteed  Subsidiary or any other fact or circumstance (other than any 
exclusion or limitation imposed by this Agreement or any agreement  entered
into pursuant to this Agreement) shall nevertheless be  enforceable against
and recoverable from the Guarantor as though the  same had been incurred by
the Guarantor and the Guarantor were the  sole or principal obligor in
respect thereof.  14.6. The guarantees in this Clause shall not be affected
or impaired by  reason of any other fact or event which in the absence of
this  provision would or might constitute or afford a legal or equitable 
discharge or release or a defence to a guarantor.  15. VAT  15.1. The
parties agree that the consideration given in respect of the  sale of the
Target Businesses, the Business Assets and the sale of  the Target Companies
is exclusive of any amounts in respect of VAT  which is properly chargeable
in respect of such supplies. The  parties intend, if applicable, that the
Target      43    Businesses and Business Assets shall be sold as a
going concern for  VAT purposes and the Principal Vendor shall (or shall
procure that  the relevant Business Vendor shall) and the Purchaser shall
(or  shall procure that the relevant Local Purchaser shall) give notice  of
such sale to the relevant Tax Authority as required by applicable 
law.  15.2. The Principal Vendor shall (and shall procure that each Vendor 
shall) and the Purchaser shall and shall procure that each Local  Purchaser
shall preserve any VAT records relating to the Target  Businesses under their
control in such a manner and for such period  as may be required by
applicable law and will allow the other  parties, upon reasonable notice,
reasonable access during working  hours to and copies at the requesting
party\'s expense of such  records where reasonably required by such parties
for their Taxation  purposes and will produce information from these records
to the  relevant other parties and/or any relevant Tax Authority if such 
other parties reasonably require it for their Taxation purposes.  15.3. The
Principal Vendor shall (and shall procure that the relevant  Business Vendors
shall) and the Purchaser shall (and shall procure  that the relevant Local
Purchasers shall) use all reasonable  endeavours (including, for the
avoidance of doubt, the making of an  election or application in respect of
VAT to any Tax Authority) to  secure that the sale of the Business Assets
located in the member  states of the European Community is treated as neither
a supply of  goods nor a supply of services where the country in which the 
Business Assets are located has given effect to Article 5(8) of the  EEC
Sixth Directive (77/388/EEC). The Purchaser warrants that in  connection with
the sale of the Business Assets located in the  member states of the European
Community it (or the relevant Local  Purchaser) is or will become at the
Completion Date a taxable person  for VAT purposes and that it (or the
relevant Local Purchaser) will  use those Business Assets acquired in
carrying on the same kind of  business (whether or not as part of any
existing business) as that  carried on by the relevant Business Vendors
before Completion.  15.4. To the extent that any state outside the European
Community in which  any of the Business Assets are located provides for
relief or  exemption from VAT on the transfer of a business or treats such
a  transaction as being non-taxable for VAT purposes, the Purchaser and  the
Principal Vendor shall use all reasonable endeavours (including,  for the
avoidance of doubt, the making of an election or application  in respect of
VAT to any Tax Authority) to secure such treatment.  15.5. The Purchaser
shall or shall procure that the relevant Local  Purchaser shall, subject to
the submission by the relevant Vendor of  a VAT invoice in accordance with
the provisions of Clause 19.20, pay  on Completion or, if later, five
Business Days before the relevant  Vendor is required to account for such VAT
the amount of any VAT  properly payable in any jurisdiction in respect of the
transfer of  any of the Business Assets (whether as a result of denial of a 
relief sought under this Clause 15 or otherwise) in addition to any 
consideration (monetary or non-monetary) expressed in this Agreement  or in
any Local Agreement to be given by the Purchaser or the  relevant Local
Purchaser.    44   15.6. After Completion the Purchaser or the relevant
Local Purchaser shall  in relation to the Business Assets carry on the same
kind of  business, whether or not as part of any existing business of the 
Purchaser or the relevant Local Purchaser, as the relevant Business  Vendor
carries on with the relevant Business Assets relating to that 
jurisdiction.  16. THIRD PARTY RIGHTS   16.1. Subject to Clause 16.2, this
Agreement shall not be  enforceable by any person who is not a party to
it.   16.2. The provisions of Clauses 7.2 and 7.6 may be relied on and 
enforced by each of the persons or categories of persons  referred to in such
Clauses.   16.3. This Agreement may be amended in accordance with Clauses 
19.13 and 19.14 without the consent of any person who is  not a party to
it.  17. COSTS  Except where expressly provided otherwise, each party
shall bear its own costs in relation to the preparation, negotiation,
execution and completion of (and the performance of their obligations under)
this Agreement and the agreements to be delivered under it. All notarial
fees, transfer taxes, stamp duties or documentary taxes, capital taxes or
duties, registration or filing fees or similar expenses payable in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be borne by the
party legally responsible therefor.  18.
ANNOUNCEMENTS/CONFIDENTIALITY  18.1. The Principal Vendor and the Purchaser
shall, subject to the  requirements of law or any regulatory body or fiscal
authority or  the rules and regulations of any recognised stock exchange,
agree  together as to the terms of, the timetable for and manner of 
publication of, any formal announcement or circular to the Employees  or any
Vendor\'s or Target Company\'s customers, suppliers,  distributors or sub-
contractors which either party may desire or be  obliged to make regarding
this Agreement or the transactions  contemplated by this Agreement which
circular or announcement is  made or distributed on or prior to the
Completion Date. In addition,  the Purchaser and the Principal Vendor shall
consult with each other  before issuing or making, and provide the other with
reasonable  opportunity to review and make reasonable comment upon, any
formal  announcement or circular to the media which the Purchaser or the 
Principal Vendor may desire or be obliged to make regarding this  Agreement
or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement which  circular or
announcement is made or distributed on or prior to the  Completion
Date.  18.2. The parties acknowledge that the Confidentiality Agreement
shall,  insofar as it obliges the Purchaser to maintain the confidentiality 
of information relating to the Operations, cease to have any force  or effect
from Completion.  18.3. Subject to Clause 18.5, the Purchaser shall (and
shall procure that  each member of the Purchaser\'s Group shall) and the
Principal Vendor  shall (and shall procure that each member of the Vendors\'
Group  shall) treat as strictly     45    confidential and not use or
disclose any information received or  obtained as a result of entering into
or performing this Agreement  (or any other agreement entered into under or
pursuant to this  Agreement) which relates to:   18.3.1. the provisions of
this Agreement (or any such other  agreement);   18.3.2. the negotiations
relating to this Agreement (and such  other agreements); or   18.3.3. any
other parties and their Associated Companies and the  business carried on by
each of them.  18.4. Subject to Clause 18.5, the Principal Vendor shall (and
shall  procure that its Associated Companies shall) treat as strictly 
confidential and not use or disclose any confidential or proprietary 
information which relates to the Operations.  18.5. The provisions of
Clauses 18.3 and 18.4 shall not prohibit  disclosure or use if and to the
extent:   18.5.1. required by law or for the purpose of any judicial 
proceedings arising out of this Agreement or any other  agreement entered
into under or pursuant to this  Agreement;   18.5.2. required by the
applicable rules of any stock exchange on  which the securities of the
parties to this Agreement (or  one of their Associated Companies) are listed
or quoted  (or on which it is proposed that such securities be listed  or
quoted during the process of applying to become so  listed or quoted) or any
other competent regulatory  authority or, in the reasonable opinion of the
Purchaser  or the Principal Vendor (as appropriate) required to be 
disclosed to or filed with the SEC to comply with  obligations under the
Securities Act or the Exchange Act  or the rules of the SEC promulgated
thereunder;   18.5.3. required to vest the full benefit of this Agreement in
any  party;   18.5.4. made to or used on a confidential basis by the 
professional advisers, auditors and bankers or other  funding parties or
prospective funding parties of each  party or to the extent that disclosure
is made to a Tax  Authority in connection with the Tax affairs of the 
disclosing party or a holding company of that party;   18.5.5. it becomes
publicly available (other than as a result of  disclosure by the relevant
party to this Agreement or the  Confidentiality Agreement, or any other
person, in breach  of such agreements);   18.5.6. that the other parties
have given prior written approval  to the disclosure;   18.5.7. the
information is subsequently obtained free of any  restrictions on use or
obligations of confidentiality from  a third party which is itself free
of      46   any restrictions on use or obligations of
confidentiality  with respect to that information;   18.5.8. the
information is already in the possession of that party  and is not subject to
an obligation of confidentiality or  a restriction on use; or   18.5.9. the
information is independently developed after  Completion,   provided that
except where prohibited by any applicable law or  regulation prior to
disclosure of any information pursuant to Clause  18.5.1the party concerned
shall, where possible, promptly notify the  other party of such requirement
with a view to providing the other  party with the opportunity to contest
such disclosure or otherwise  to agree the timing of, conditions to and
content of such  disclosure.  18.6. The restrictions contained in this
Clause 18 shall continue to apply  for a period of five years from the
Completion Date.  19. GENERAL  EXCLUSION OF LIMITATIONS ON FRAUD  19.1.
Nothing in this Agreement shall operate to limit the liability of a  party
(or the remedies available to the other party) in respect of a  fraudulent
act or representation by it.  SET-OFF  19.2. Unless by express agreement
between the parties (including set-off  under Clause 4.10), no amount due and
payable by one party to the  other pursuant to this Agreement shall be set-
off against any other  amount due and payable or alleged to be due and
payable by that  other party to the first party whether pursuant to this
Agreement or  otherwise.  WITHHOLDINGS AND DEDUCTIONS  19.3. All sums
payable by any party to another party under this Agreement  shall be paid
free and clear of all deductions or withholdings, save  only as may be
required by law. If any deductions or withholdings  are required by law the
payer shall (except (i) to the extent the  same has been taken into account
in calculating the amount due under  any other provision of this Agreement;
and/or (ii) in the case of  interest payable under Clause 19.17) be obliged
to pay to the payee  such sum as will after such deduction or withholding has
been made  leave the payee with the same amount as it would have been
entitled  to receive in the absence of any such requirement to make a 
deduction or withholding.  19.4. If a recipient of sums payable under this
Agreement (other than  interest payable under Clauses 4.19 or 19.17 and, in
the case of the  Vendors, other than the Purchase Price) is liable for Taxes
in  respect of the such sum the payer shall be obliged to pay to the  payee
such sums as will after the Tax liability has been discharged  leave the
payee with the same amount as it would have been      47   entitled to
receive and to retain in the absence of any such  requirement to pay Tax in
respect of the receipt.  19.5. If the payee receives a credit for or refund
of any Taxation payable  by it or similar benefit by reason of any deduction
or withholding  for or on account of Taxation described in Clause 19.3, it
shall  reimburse to the payer such part of such additional amounts paid to 
it pursuant to Clause 19.3 above as will leave it (after such  reimbursement)
in no better and no worse position than it would have  been if the payer had
not been required to make such deduction or  withholding. The payee shall use
all reasonable endeavours to obtain  any available credit, refund or similar
benefit and shall where  possible claim credit or relief from or against its
corporate  profits or similar tax liability in respect of the amount of
such  deduction or withholding as aforesaid in priority to any other 
reliefs or credits available to it. The principles of this Clause  19.5 shall
also apply to Clause 19.4.  19.6. If any deduction or withholding is made
from any payment as  contemplated in Clause 19.3, the payer shall supply to
the payee  such official receipt, if any, or other evidence of payment to
the  relevant authority of the amount deducted or withheld and shall give 
all reasonable assistance to enable the payee to receive a credit or  refund
or similar benefit by reason of the deduction or withholding  as promptly as
possible.  CERTAIN PAYMENTS TO INCLUDE IRRECOVERABLE VAT  19.7. Where this
Agreement or any contract or agreement entered into in  performance of this
Agreement to which any party to this Agreement  is a party (each a
"Contracting Party") requires any other  Contracting Party to indemnify,
compensate or reimburse another  Contracting Party for a cost borne by that
other Contracting Party,  or to make a payment to another Contracting Party
determined wholly  or partly by reference to a payment made or cost borne by
that other  party, the amount payable shall be calculated by taking into
account  the underlying cost or payment exclusive of VAT, if any, other
than  irrecoverable VAT.  EFFECT OF COMPLETION  19.8. The provisions of
the Agreement shall remain in full force and  effect notwithstanding
Completion so far as they remain to be  observed or performed.  ENTIRE
AGREEMENT  19.9. This Agreement contains the whole agreement between the
parties  relating to the subject matter of this Agreement at the date
hereof  to the exclusion of any and all prior proposals, representations, 
agreements and negotiations relating thereto, whether written, oral  or
implied between the parties or any of them and also to the  exclusion of any
terms implied by law which may be excluded by  contract. THE PURCHASER
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE OPERATIONS, INCLUDING  THE TARGET BUSINESSES (WITH THE
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES THEREOF)  INSOFAR AS SITUATED IN OR CONNECTED WITH THE
UNITED STATES OF  AMERICA ARE BEING SOLD ON AN "AS      48   IS, WHERE
IS, WITH ALL FAULTS" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES, EITHER  EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER OTHER THAN THOSE  SPECIFICALLY SET FORTH
HEREIN. THE VENDORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY  IMPLIED WARRANTY OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND/OR SATISFACTORY QUALITY AND  ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, PROVIDED  THAT NOTHING IN THIS OR THE
PRECEDING SENTENCE SHALL OR SHALL BE  DEEMED TO MODIFY THE REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES CONTAINED IN  THIS AGREEMENT RELATING TO THE OPERATIONS
INCLUDING THE TARGET  BUSINESSES.  19.10. So far as is permitted by law and
except in the case of fraud, the  parties agree and acknowledge that the only
right and remedy which  shall be available to the Purchaser in connection
with or arising  out of or related to any of the statements contained in
the  Warranties shall be damages in contract for breach of this Agreement 
and not rescission of this Agreement, nor damages in tort or under  statute
(whether under the Misrepresentation Act 1967 or otherwise),  nor any other
remedy. The parties agree that irreparable damage may  occur in the event
that any of the provisions of this Agreement were  not performed in
accordance with their specific terms or were  otherwise breached. It is
accordingly agreed that the parties shall  be entitled to seek an injunction
or injunctions to prevent breaches  of this Agreement and to enforce
specifically the terms and  provisions of this Agreement in any court of
England, this being in  addition to any other remedy to which they are
entitled at law or in  equity.  19.11. In Clauses 19.8, 19.9 and 19.10,
"this Agreement" includes the  Disclosure Letter and all documents entered
into pursuant to this  Agreement.  BULK SALES LAWS  19.12. The Purchaser
acknowledges that the US Business Vendor will not  comply with the provision
of any bulk sales or transfer laws of any  jurisdiction within the United
States of America in connection with  the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. To the extent  permitted by applicable US laws the Purchaser (for
itself and on  behalf of the relevant Local Purchaser) hereby waives
compliance by  the US Business Vendor with the provisions of the bulk sales
or  transfer laws of all applicable jurisdictions within the United  States
of America.  MODIFICATIONS/WAIVERS  19.13. No modification or alteration
of this Agreement shall be enforceable  except by an amendment in writing
duly executed by all the parties  hereto or, in the case of a waiver, duly
executed by the party  waiving compliance.  APPOINTMENT OF PRINCIPAL VENDOR
AS AGENT  19.14. The Business Vendors and the Share Vendors hereby
irrevocably  appoint the Principal Vendor as their agent for the purposes
of  agreeing to any modification or alteration of or granting any waiver  or
other consent under this Agreement or the agreements to be  delivered
pursuant to it.      49  DELAY/FORBEARANCE  19.15. Except where a
specific time limit is specified, no delay or  forbearance by any party in
exercising any right or remedy provided  by law under or pursuant to this
Agreement shall impair such right  or remedy or operate or be construed as a
waiver or variation of it  or preclude its exercise at any subsequent time
and no single or  partial exercise of any right or remedy shall preclude any
other or  further exercise of it or the exercise of any other right or
remedy.  The rights and remedies of the parties under or pursuant to this 
Agreement are cumulative (provided that no party may make recovery  more than
once in respect of the same loss).  NO RESCISSION  19.16. This Agreement
may not be rescinded after Completion.  INTEREST  19.17. Where in terms of
or pursuant to this Agreement payment is expressed  to fall to be paid on a
particular day or date or would have been  paid on a particular date but for
the parties not having agreed the  amount of the payment or because the
parties have required to seek  the determination of a court, arbitrator, or
expert interest shall  be paid at the Interest Rate by the party due to make
the payment of  principal from the date upon which payment would have been
made had  the payment been agreed or the amount of the required payment
been  known at the earliest point possible under this Agreement until the 
date actually paid. Such interest shall accrue both before and after 
judgment.  ASSIGNMENT  19.18. Subject to Clause 19.19, this Agreement and
the Tax Deed are  personal to the parties to it. Accordingly, subject to
Clause 19.19  neither the Purchaser or the Local Purchasers nor the Vendors
may,  without the prior written consent of the Principal Vendor (in the 
case of assignment by the Purchaser or a Local Purchaser) or the  Purchaser
(in the case of assignment by a Vendor), assign the  benefit of all or any of
the obligations of any other party under  this Agreement or the Tax
Deed.  19.19. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement,
either the  Purchaser or the Local Purchaser or the Vendors may, without
the  consent of the others, assign to an Associated Company the benefit  of
all or any of the other parties\' obligations under this Agreement  and the
Tax Deed provided however that if the assignee ceases to be  an Associated
Company of the Principal Vendor, or as the case may be  the Purchaser, then
the Principal Vendor or as the case may be the  Purchaser shall procure that
the assignee re-assigns the benefit of  the assigned obligations to an
Associated Company or to itself (and  pending such re-assignment, the
assigned rights shall be  unenforceable) and provided further that the
maximum liability of  any party hereunder for breach of any obligation under
this  Agreement or under any covenant or indemnity contained in or entered 
into pursuant to this Agreement shall be limited to the liability  which
would have arisen in the absence of any such assignment.     
50  NOTICES  19.20. All notices, requests, demands or other communications
under this  Agreement or the Tax Deed to or upon a party shall be given by 
delivery or by being sent by first class recorded mail or air mail  (a) in
the case of the Principal Vendor or any Vendor, to the  registered office of
that party as set forth in this Agreement or by  facsimile transmission to
the number specified below and (b) in the  case of the Purchaser, to the
address set forth in the preamble to  this Agreement or by facsimile
transmission to the number specified  below. Any such notice, request, demand
or communication shall:   19.20.1. if delivered personally (which shall
include delivery by  courier), be deemed to have been received at the time
of  such delivery or if delivery is not on a Business Day on  the Business
Day following such delivery;   19.20.2. if given by first class recorded
mail or air mail, be  deemed to have been received when actually received;
and   19.20.3. if given by facsimile transmission, be deemed to have been 
received upon production of a transmission report showing  complete
transmission of the relevant document to the  appropriate number (or if the
time of such transmission is  not during normal working hours on a Business
Day in the  recipient country, at the commencement of normal working  hours
on the next Business Day in the recipient country).   Unless and until
notified otherwise to the Purchaser, all notices to  a Business Vendor or a
Share Vendor may be served on the Principal  Vendor.   The facsimile
numbers of the parties are:   Principal Vendor: + 44 161 721 1886  
Purchaser: +1 203 229 2613   Any party may by notice in writing to the other
in accordance with  this Clause 19.20 specify a different or additional
address or  facsimile number for the service of notices or copies of
notices.   All notices or communications to a Vendor shall be clearly marked
on  the exterior and on the first page "for the urgent attention of the 
Company Secretary" and shall be copied to (i) Avecia Holdings plc,  Hexagon
House, Blackley, Manchester, M9 8ZS, UK (facsimile number +  44 161 721 1886)
and (ii) the Vendors\' Solicitors (facsimile number  + 44 20 7628 0027)
clearly marked on the exterior and on the first  page "Urgent: Ref:
A112/024/ARD/JPU". All notices or communications  to the Purchaser shall be
clearly marked on the exterior and on the  first page "for the urgent
attention of the Corporate Secretary" and  shall be copied to the
Purchaser\'s Counsel (facsimile number +1 212  474 3700).     
51   COUNTERPARTS  19.21. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts each of  which shall be deemed an original, but all the
counterparts shall  together constitute one and the same
instrument.  ILLEGALITY/SEVERANCE  19.22. If any of this Agreement is held
to be illegal or unenforceable  against a party in any jurisdiction (in whole
or in part), then to  the greatest extent permitted by law, such illegality
or  unenforceability shall not limit or affect:   19.22.1. the enforcement
of any other part of this Agreement;   19.22.2. enforcement in any other
jurisdiction; or   19.22.3. enforcement against any other party.  20.
GOVERNING LAW/PROCESS AGENT  20.1. This Agreement and the Tax Deed shall be
governed by and construed  in accordance with English law and the parties,
expressly waiving  their rights to any other forum to which they may be
entitled,  irrevocably agree that the courts of England are to have
exclusive  jurisdiction to settle all disputes which may arise out of or in 
connection with this Agreement or the Tax Deed provided that this  Clause
20.1 shall not preclude the enforcement of or giving effect  to any judgment
of an English Court in any relevant foreign  jurisdiction or the enforcement
of any Local Agreement in the courts  of the relevant jurisdiction in a
manner consistent with Clause 6.6  and Clause 6.7.  20.2. Each of the
Vendors irrevocably appoints the Principal Vendor and  the Purchaser
irrevocably appoints (and shall procure that each  Local Purchaser not
incorporated in England shall irrevocably  appoint) Slaughter and May of One
Bunhill Row, London EC1Y 8YY as  its agent for the service of process in
England in relation to any  matter arising out of this Agreement or the Tax
Deed, service upon  whom shall be deemed completed whether or not forwarded
to or  received by any Vendor or the Purchaser (as appropriate).  20.3.
Each of the parties shall inform the other, in writing, of any  change in the
address of its process agents within 28 days.  20.4. If such process agents
cease to have an address in England, the  relevant appointor irrevocably
agrees to appoint new process agents  acceptable to the other parties and to
deliver within 14 days a copy  of a written acceptance of appointment by its
new process agents.  20.5. Nothing contained in this Agreement or the Tax
Deed shall affect the  right to serve process in any other manner permitted
by law.       SCHEDULE 1 - VENDORS, SHARES AND TARGET BUSINESSES  
PART 1 - DETAILS OF THE SHARE VENDORS AND SHARES
SOLD    ------------------------------ ---------------------
----------------------------------  NAME OF SHARE VENDOR COUNTRY OF SHARES
SOLD  INCORPORATION ------------------------------ ---------------------
----------------------------------    ~~   Avecia Holdings B.V.
Netherlands 100% of Avecia SA (Uruguay) ------------------------------
--------------------- ---------------------------------- Avecia Holdings B.V.
and Netherlands and UK 100% of Avecia Protection and Avecia UK Holdings Limited
Hygiene NV (Belgium) ------------------------------ ---------------------
---------------------------------- Avecia Holdings B.V. Netherlands 100% of
Avecia Protection and  Hygiene AB (Sweden) ------------------------------
--------------------- ---------------------------------- Avecia, Inc. USA
100% of Splashes, Inc. (USA) ------------------------------
--------------------- ----------------------------------      PART 2 -
DETAILS OF THE BUSINESS VENDORS AND SUMMARY  DETAILS OF THE TARGET
BUSINESSES    ------------------------------ -------------------
----------------------------------------  NAME OF BUSINESS VENDOR COUNTRY OF
SUMMARY OF TARGET BUSINESS  INCORPORATION ------------------------------
------------------- ----------------------------------------    ~~
  Avecia Inc. USA Manufacturing, research and  development, sales and
services,  named owner of IP, licences and 
registrations ------------------------------ -------------------
---------------------------------------- Avecia KK Japan Sales and
services ------------------------------ -------------------
---------------------------------------- Avecia Limited UK Manufacturing,
research and  development, sales and services,  named owner of IP, licences
and  registrations ------------------------------ -------------------
---------------------------------------- Avecia (SCDR) SARL France Sales and
services ------------------------------ -------------------
---------------------------------------- Avecia GmbH Germany Sales and
services ------------------------------ -------------------
---------------------------------------- Avecia Spain SL Spain Sales and
services ------------------------------ -------------------
---------------------------------------- Avecia Asia Pacific Pte Ltd
Singapore Sales and services ------------------------------
------------------- ---------------------------------------- Avecia Comercial
e Importada Limitada Brazil Sales and
services ------------------------------ -------------------
---------------------------------------- DTBA Limited UK Legal title to
property at Seal Sands ------------------------------ -------------------
----------------------------------------    
---------------------------------------------------  SCHEDULE 2 - Vendors,
Shares and Target Businessees 
---------------------------------------------------     53    SCHEDULE
2 - THE TARGET COMPANIEs   Name: Splashes, Inc.  Principal Place of
Business: 235 Cherry Lane, New Castle, DE 19720, USA  Place of
Incorporation: Delaware, USA  Date of Incorporation: 29th January
2004  Federal ID Number: 13-4273886  Officers: Simon Herriott (Director
and President)  Brenda Heffelfinger (Treasurer and Secretary)  Issued Share
Capital: 100 shares of common stock of US$0.01 each  Shareholders: Avecia,
Inc  % ownership by Vendors\' Group:
100%  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------  Name:
Avecia S.A.  Principal Place of Business: Plaza Independencia 831 Of. 808 
(11100) Montevideo  Uruguay  Place of Incorporation: Uruguay  Registered
Number: RUC 21.381501.0014  Directors: Carlos Humberto Canoura Pereira 
Mark Alan Kenline  Issued Share Capital: 7,369,716 ordinary shares of $1,00
each  Shareholder: Avecia Holdings B.V.  % ownership by Vendors\' Group:
100%  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------  Name:
Avecia Protection and Hygiene NV  Registered Address: 13B Avenue de Tervueren,
1040 Brussels,  Belgium  Place of Incorporation: Belgium  Date of
Incorporation: 30th December 2003  Registered Number: 0862.451.150   
------------------------------------------  SCHEDULE 2- The Target
Companies  ------------------------------------------     
54   Directors: Mark James Nugent  Robertus Theodorus Hendrikus
Vink  Issued Share Capital: (euro) 61,500  Shareholders: Avecia Holdings
B.V.,  Avecia UK Holdings Limited  % ownership by Vendors\' Group:
100%  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------  Name:
Avecia Protection and Hygiene AB  Registered Address: Box 437, 40126 Goteborg,
Sweden  Place of Incorporation: Sweden  Date of Incorporation: 14th
October 2003  Registered Number: 556648-6808  Officers: Mark James Nugent
(Sole Director)  Peter George Whitehouse (Deputy Director)  Issued Share
Capital: SEK 100,000  Shareholder: Avecia Holdings B.V.  % ownership by
Vendors\' Group:
100%  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------    
---------------------------------------  SCHEDULE 2- The Target Companies 
---------------------------------------     55    SCHEDULE 3 - PURCHASE
PRICE ADJUSTMENT  [Omitted]*              * This Schedule
contains certain information relating to the calculation of a  working
capital adjustment, an adjustment based on levels of cash and  indebtedness
at completion and certain deferred consideration, which will  be furnished
supplementally to the Commission upon
request.                              
-----------------------------------------  Schedule 3 - Purchase Price
Adjustment  -----------------------------------------     56   SCHEDULE
4 - Warranties  Specific references in this Schedule 4 to a "Business
Vendor" shall be deemed to refer to such Business Vendor only in connection
with the Target Business carried on by and the Business Assets and Business
Liabilities of such Business Vendor (and not to any unrelated business or
activity or assets and liabilities).  1. AUTHORITY AND CAPACITY  1.1. The
Vendors and the Target Companies are companies duly incorporated  and validly
existing under their respective laws of incorporation.  1.2. The Vendors
have the legal right and full power and authority to  enter into and perform
such of this Agreement and any other documents  to be entered into by the
Vendors pursuant to this Agreement. This  Agreement and such other documents
when executed will constitute  valid and binding obligations of the Vendors
in accordance with their  respective terms.  1.3. The execution and
delivery of, and the performance by the Vendors of  their obligations under,
such of this Agreement and any other  documents to be executed by the Vendors
pursuant to this Agreement  (or any Local Agreement) as are relevant to such
Vendors will not:   1.3.1. violate, conflict with or result in a breach of
any  provision of the constitutional documents or by-laws of  any such
Vendor or Target Company or, assuming the  provisions of Clause 10 are
effective to avoid any breach  of the Contracts, violate, conflict with or
result in a  breach of or constitute a default under any material 
instrument to which any Vendor or Target Company is a  party or by which they
are bound;   1.3.2. result in a breach of any order, judgment or decree of
or  undertaking to any court, governmental agency or  regulatory body to
which any Vendor or Target Company is a  party or by which any Vendor or
Target Company is bound;  or   1.3.3. violate, conflict with or result in
any breach of any  statute, legally binding rule or governmental regulation 
applicable to any Vendor.  1.4. The Business Vendors and the Target
Companies have the legal right  and power and authority to carry on the
Operations (or, in each case,  the relevant part thereof). This Warranty
shall not be construed as  extending to Intellectual Property matters, which
are the subject of  paragraph 8.4.  1.5. All corporate action required by
the Vendors validly and duly to  authorise the execution and delivery of, and
to exercise their  respective rights and perform their obligations under,
this Agreement  has been duly taken and all such action in relation to the
other  documents to be executed by the Vendors pursuant to this Agreement
or  any of the Local Agreements will have been taken by Completion.   
---------------------------------  SCHEDULE 4 - Warranties 
---------------------------------     57  1.6. No consent, approval or
authorisation of or declaration or filing  with any governmental authority is
required to be made or obtained  by any Vendor as a condition of the
execution or delivery of this  Agreement or the documents to be delivered
under this Agreement or,  save as contemplated by Clause 3, the consummation
of the  transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.  2. ACCURACY AND
ADEQUACY OF INFORMATION  2.1. The Disclosure Letter (other than documents
attached thereto or  listed therein as agreed disclosures) has been prepared
by the  Principal Vendor in good faith and the Principal Vendor has not 
knowingly included any matter which is untrue, inaccurate or  misleading or
knowingly omitted from it any matter the omission of  which would make its
contents materially misleading in the context  in which they appear.  2.2.
The documents attached to or incorporated by reference in the  Disclosure
Letter are accurate and (except where manifestly not the  case) complete
copies (in that all the pages relating to the  Operations have been included)
of the document which they purport to  be.  2.3. The information contained
in Schedule 2 insofar as it relates to the  Target Companies is true and
accurate.  3. ACCOUNTS AND RECORDS  3.1. 2002 ACCOUNTS AND 2003
ACCOUNTS:   3.1.1. were prepared in accordance with UK GAAP;   3.1.2. were
prepared applying bases, policies and methods of  accounting consistent with
these used in preparing the  audited consolidated accounts of the Vendors\'
Group for  the year to 31st December 2002;   3.1.3. were not, except as
disclosed therein, affected by any  exceptional or extraordinary items;
and   3.1.4. fairly present the state of affairs and results of the 
Operations as at the end of and for the periods to which  they
relate.  3.2. ACCOUNTING AND OTHER RECORDS   The books of account and
statutory books of the Target Companies and  the Books and Records (i) are in
all material respects up-to-date  and have been in all material respects
maintained in accordance with  all applicable legal requirements on a proper
and consistent basis  and (ii) in all material respects contain complete and
accurate  records of all matters required to be dealt with in such books.
All  such books and records are in the possession (or under the control)  of
the relevant Target Company or Business Vendor and no notice or  allegation
that any is materially incorrect or should be rectified  has been
received.      58  3.3. CHANGES SINCE ACCOUNTS DATE   During the
period between the Accounts Date and the date of this  Agreement
(inclusive):   3.3.1. no Vendor or Target Company has taken any action that,
if  taken after the date of this Agreement, would constitute a  breach of
Clause 5.2 (other than Clause 5.2.5 or Clause  5.2.9 thereof);   3.3.2. the
Operations have been carried on in the ordinary course  consistent with past
practice, without any interruption or  alteration in their nature, scope or
manner, and so as to  maintain the same as a going concern;   3.3.3. there
has been no Material Adverse Change; and   3.3.4. so far as the Principal
Vendor is aware, no provision,  reserve or accrual in the 2003 Accounts has
proved to be  materially inadequate in light of subsequent 
circumstances.  3.4. UNDISCLOSED LIABILITIES   The 2003 Accounts properly
account in accordance with UK GAAP for  all liabilities or obligations of any
nature which are known to the  Vendors\' Group and which would require to be
reflected on a  consolidated balance sheet as at the Accounts Date or in the
notes  thereto prepared under UK GAAP. Since the Accounts Date, the 
Operations have not incurred any liabilities or obligations other  than in
the ordinary course of the Operations consistent with past  practice and not
in violation of this Agreement.  4. LEGAL MATTERS  4.1. COMPLIANCE WITH
LAWS   The Operations have since 30th June 1999 been carried on and are 
being carried on in such manner so that there have been no material  breaches
of applicable laws (including laws concerning the health  and safety at work
of the Employees), legal duties, regulations and  by-laws in each country in
which they are carried on. There is no  order, decree, decision or judgment
of, nor (so far as the Principal  Vendor is aware) any investigation or
inquiry by any court,  tribunal, arbitrator, governmental agency or
regulatory body  outstanding or anticipated against any Business Vendor or
Target  Company or any person for whose acts or defaults they may be 
vicariously liable which has had or may result in a Material Adverse  Change,
nor has any notice or other communication from any court,  tribunal,
arbitrator, governmental agency or regulatory body been  received with
respect to an alleged material actual or potential  violation or failure to
comply with any such applicable law,  regulation or by-law.  4.2. LICENCES
AND CONSENTS   All Permits material to carrying on the Operations as now
carried on  have been validly obtained, are validly held by a Business Vendor
or  a Target Company,   -------------------------  SCHEDULE 4 -
Warranties  -------------------------    59   are in full force and
effect and have since 30th June 1999 been and  are being complied with in all
material respects. So far as the  Principal Vendor is aware, there is no
investigation, enquiry or  proceeding outstanding or anticipated which is
likely to result in  the suspension, cancellation, modification or revocation
of any such  Permits. So far as the Principal Vendor is aware, none of such 
Permits is likely to be suspended, cancelled, refused, modified or  revoked
(whether as a result of the entry into of this Agreement or  any Local
Agreement, Completion or otherwise). This Warranty is not  to be construed as
extending to Intellectual Property matters, which  are the subject of
paragraph 8.4.  4.3. LITIGATION   None of the Target Companies or the
Business Vendors is involved  whether as plaintiff or defendant or other
party in any material  claim, legal action, proceeding suit, litigation,
prosecution,  arbitration or dispute resolution (other than as plaintiff in
the  collection of debts arising in the ordinary course of trading which  in
aggregate do not exceed US$150,000 and in aggregate for any  particular
debtor do not exceed US$10,000) and, so far as the  Principal Vendor is
aware, no such claim, legal action, proceeding,  suit, litigation,
prosecution, arbitration or dispute resolution is  threatened by or against
the Target Companies or any Business Vendor  nor, so far as the Principal
Vendor is aware, is there any fact or  circumstance likely to give rise to
any such claim, legal action,  proceeding, suit, litigation, prosecution,
arbitration or dispute  resolution. So far as the Principal Vendor is aware,
none of the  Business Vendors or Target Companies is a party or subject to or
in  default under any material judgment, order or decree applicable to  the
conduct of the Operations.  4.4. Environment   4.4.1. The Target Companies
and the Business Vendors are and at  all times since 30th June 1999 have been
in material  compliance with all Environmental Laws and Environmental 
Permits. The Target Companies and Business Vendors have  not ceased
operations at, sold or transferred any real  property since 30th June
1999.   4.4.2. The Target Companies and the Business Vendors have not 
since 30th June 1999 received any claims, orders or  notices, including
notices of proceedings, relating to:   (i) the violation of or any liability
under  Environmental Laws; or   (ii) the failure to obtain or materially
comply with  any Environmental Permits; or   (iii) the investigation or
remediation of polluted or  contaminated land or water,   and so far as the
Principal Vendor is aware, there are no  circumstances arising since 30th
June 1999 that could give  rise to any such claim, order or notice.   
----------------------------  SCHEDULE 4 - Warranties 
----------------------------    60   4.4.3. There are included in the
Data Room copies of all external  audits, assessments, surveys, reports or
investigations  relating to the Environment and/or formal health and  safety
surveys, reports or investigations (other than  exclusively in relation to
third party tollers) (i) in the  possession of the Vendors\' Group or (ii)
carried out by or  on behalf of any member of the Vendors\' Group in
respect  of any of the Properties or otherwise relevant to the  Operations
since 30th June 1999.   4.4.4. The Disclosure Letter contains a list setting
out in  reasonable detail (i) all claims made by any member of the 
Vendors\' Group or, so far as the Principal Vendor is  aware, any third party
under the Environmental Deed and  (ii) any matters that so far as the
Principal Vendor is  aware were or should have been the subject of a claim by
a  member of the Vendors\' Group under clause 9.1 of the  Environmental
Deed.   4.4.5. So far as the Principal Vendor is aware, and other than as 
set out in the audits, assessments, surveys, reports or  investigations
referred to in paragraph 4.4.3, the  Principal Vendor is not aware of any
specific and material  contamination or pollution at any of the Properties.
The  Business Vendors and the Target Companies have not since  30th June
1999 created or exacerbated any condition at any  location or sent waste to
an off-site location in  connection with any of the Business Properties or
the  Operations that, in any such case, would (so far as the  Principal
Vendor is aware) require abatement or clean-up  under Environmental Laws or
would (so far as the Principal  Vendor is aware) subject the Business Vendors
or the  Target Companies to Liabilities (including third-party  claims)
under Environmental Laws.  4.5. INSOLVENCY   4.5.1. No order has been
made, petition presented, resolution  passed or meeting convened for the
winding up (or other  process whereby the business is terminated and the
assets  of the company concerned are distributed amongst the  creditors
and/or shareholders or other contributories) of  any Target Company or any
Vendor and there are no cases or  proceedings under any applicable
insolvency,  reorganisation or similar laws in any jurisdiction  concerning
any Target Company or Vendor and no events have  occurred which, under
applicable laws, would justify any  such cases or proceedings.   4.5.2. No
petition has been presented or other proceedings have  been commenced for an
administration order to be made (or  any other order to be made by which,
during the period it  is in force, the affairs, business and assets of the 
company concerned, are managed by a person appointed for  the purpose by a
Court, governmental agency or similar  body or by any creditor or group of
creditors) in relation  to any Target Company or Vendor, nor has any such
order  been made.   4.5.3. No receiver (including an administrative
receiver),  liquidator, trustee, administrator, custodian or similar 
official has been appointed in any jurisdiction in respect  of the whole or
any part of the business or assets   ----------------------------  SCHEDULE
4 - Warranties  ----------------------------    61   of any Target
Company or Vendor and no step has been taken  for or with a view to the
appointment of such a person.   4.5.4. Prior to and after giving effect to
the transactions  contemplated by this Agreement, no Target Company or 
Vendor (i) is insolvent or unable to pay its debts as they  fall due or (ii)
has stopped or will stop paying its debts  as they fall due.   4.5.5. No
distress, restraint, charging order, garnishee order,  execution or other
process has been levied or applied for  in respect of any of the Assets.  
4.5.6. No event has occurred causing, or which upon instruction  or notice by
any third party may cause, any floating  charge created by any Vendor to
crystallise over any  Shares or Asset or any charge created by it to become 
enforceable over any of the Shares or Assets. No such  crystallisation has
occurred nor is any such enforcement  in process.  5. TRADING AND
CONTRACTUAL ARRANGEMENTS  5.1. ARRANGEMENTS WITH CONNECTED PERSONS  
5.1.1. No member of the Vendors\' Group is party to any contract  or
arrangement with any current or former employee of any  Target Company or
Business Vendor or any current or former  director of any Target Company,
other than on normal  commercial terms in the ordinary course of trading 
consistent with past practice.   5.1.2. With the exception of the agreements
to be entered into at  Completion as provided for in this Agreement, there
are no  existing contracts or arrangements which will remain in  force or
effect after the Completion Date (a) between or  involving any Target Company
and any member of the  Vendors\' Group or (b) between or involving any
Business  Vendor and any member of the Vendors\' Group relating to  the
Operations.   5.1.3. Without prejudice to paragraph 5.1.2, there are no 
arrangements or contracts between any member of the  Vendors\' Group and any
Employee by which:   (a) any member of the Vendors\' Group has offered 
employment (conditionally or otherwise) to any  Employee to take effect on or
after Completion;  or   (b) payments or benefits may be received by such 
Employee after Completion dependent on the  discretion of any member of the
Vendors\' Group  (or any person acting on its behalf or 
instructions).  5.2. CONTRACTS   5.2.1. There is included in the Data Room
a complete copy of each  Contract and each contract or arrangement to which
any  member of the Vendors\'   ----------------------------  SCHEDULE 4 -
Warranties  ----------------------------    62   Group is a party that
arises out of, or is entered into in  connection with, the Operations (other
than agreements for  the supply of goods, services or utilities to the
Vendors\'  Group the benefit of which is to be provided to the  Purchaser or
a Local Purchaser under the Ancillary  Agreements) which as at the date of
this Agreement falls  into any of the following descriptions (the "Material 
Contracts"):   (a) a joint venture, consortium, partnership or  similar
arrangement (other than membership of a  trade association in relation to
which a Vendor  or Target Company has no liability or obligation  except for
the payment of annual subscription or  membership fees);   (b) a contract
or arrangement meeting the relevant  materiality criteria as set forth below
in terms  of which by virtue of the completion of the  transactions
contemplated by this Agreement:   (i) any other party will be relieved of 
any obligations or entitled to  exercise any right (including any  right of
termination or pre-emption);   (ii) any Business Vendor or any Target 
Company will be in default or loses  any benefit, right or licence which it 
currently enjoys or incurs or  increases any liability;   (iii) in respect
of contracts or  arrangements held by Target Companies,  the consent of the
other party(ies) to  such contract or arrangement is  required due to the
change in the  control of such Target Company or the  other party or parties
to such  contract or arrangement is granted any  preferential rights to
purchase any  Asset; or   (iv) in respect of contracts or  arrangements
held by a Business Vendor  relating to the Operations, the  consent of the
other party(ies) to  such contract or arrangement is  required to transfer
the benefit of  such contract or arrangement to the  Purchaser or a Local
Purchaser (as  appropriate) or the other party or  parties to such contract
or  arrangement is granted any  preferential rights to purchase any 
Asset;   (c) a material contract or arrangement entered into  otherwise
than by way of bargain at arm\'s length  and in the ordinary course of
business;   (d) a contract or arrangement meeting the relevant  materiality
criteria as set forth below (other  than leases of real property described in
the  Property List) which cannot be terminated by the  relevant Business
Vendor or Target Company at  any time on three months\' notice or less
without  giving rise to a breach of contract or liability  to pay
compensation;   ----------------------------  SCHEDULE 4 - Warranties 
----------------------------    63   (e) a contract or arrangement which
materially  restricts the freedom of the relevant Business  Vendor or Target
Company to carry on its  business in any part of the world in such manner 
as it thinks fit; or   (f) a finance lease or hire purchase agreement or 
similar arrangement with any person under which  (i) a Business Vendor or
Target Company is a  lessee of, or holds or uses, any machinery,  equipment,
vehicle or other tangible personal  property owned by any person or (ii) a
Business  Vendor or Target Company is a lessor or  sublessor of, or makes
available for use by any  person any machinery, equipment, vehicle or  other
tangible personal property owned or leased  by the relevant Business Vendor
or Target  Company, in any such case which has an aggregate  future
liability or receivable (as the case may  be) in excess of US$25,000;   (g)
a contract or arrangement granting an  Encumbrance upon any Asset other than
any  Permitted Encumbrance or Encumbrance arising by  operation of law or in
the ordinary course of  trading or which will be released at Completion;  
(h) a currency exchange, interest rate exchange,  commodity exchange or
similar contract or  arrangement;   (i) a guarantee, indemnity or
suretyship involving  third parties or other arrangement (including  any so-
called take-or-pay or keepwell agreement)  by which (i) a Business Vendor or
Target Company  is or may be obliged to pay, purchase or provide  funds in
excess of US$25,000 (whether by the  advance of money, the purchase of or 
subscription for shares or other securities, the  purchase of assets or
services or otherwise) as  a consequence of the default of any other person 
or (ii) any other person is or may be obliged to  pay, purchase or provide
funds in excess of  US$25,000 (whether by the advance of money, the 
purchase of or subscription for shares or other  securities, the purchase of
assets or services  or otherwise) as a consequence of the default of  a
Business Vendor or Target Company;   (j) a lease, sublease or similar
contract or  arrangement with any person under which any  Business Vendor or
Target Company is a lessor or  sublessor of, or makes available for use to
any  person, or is a lessee or sublessee of, or is in  possession or
occupancy of, (i) any Property or  (ii) any portion of any premises
otherwise  occupied by any Business Vendor or Target  Company;   (k) (i) a
continuing contract or arrangement for the  future purchase of materials,
supplies or  equipment (other than purchase orders for  inventory in the
ordinary course), (ii) a  management, service, tolling, consulting or  other
similar contract or arrangement or (iii)  an advertising agreement or
arrangement, in any  such case   ----------------------------  SCHEDULE 4
- Warranties  ----------------------------     64   where any Business
Vendor or Target Company has  an aggregate future liability to any person
in  excess of US$100,000 or extending for a term of  more than six months
from the date of this  Agreement (unless terminable without payment or 
penalty upon no more than three months\' notice);   (l) a contract or
arrangement (including a purchase  order), involving the aggregate future
payment  by any Business Vendor or Target Company of more  than
US$100,000;   (m) a contract or arrangement providing for the  services of
any dealer, distributor, sales  representative or similar representative 
involving the payment or receipt over the life  of such contract or
arrangement in excess of  US$100,000 by any Business Vendor or Target 
Company;   (n) an employment agreement or employment contract  (i) with any
Senior Employee or (ii) not  terminable by a Business Vendor or Target 
Company by notice of six months or less or (iii)  not terminable by a
Business Vendor or Target  Company for a cost of $10,000 or less (other 
than (a) salary and benefits throughout the  relevant notice period (or
payment in lieu  thereof), (b) payments under generally  applicable
severance plans disclosed to the  Purchaser and (c) compensation payable
under  statute or any other non-voluntary legal  requirement);   (o) a
collective bargaining agreement or other  contract or arrangement with any
labour  organisation, union or association;   (p) a licence or agreement
relating to Intellectual  Property, Regulatory Data or Know-how entered 
into by any of the Target Companies or Business  Vendors in relation to the
Operations which are  material to the Operations;   (q) any outstanding
offer made by a Business Vendor  or a Target Company which, if accepted,
would  result in a contract or arrangement as described  in paragraphs (a)
to (p) above.   For the purposes of sub-paragraphs (b) and (d) above a 
contract, agreement or arrangement meets the relevant  materiality criteria
if:   (i) the current annual turnover relating to products  which are the
subject of such contract,  agreement or arrangement is in excess of 2% of 
the turnover of the Operations for the year  ended on the Accounts Date;
or   (ii) the contract, agreement or arrangement is of  fundamental
importance to the Operations, taken  as a whole.  
----------------------------  SCHEDULE 4 - Warranties 
----------------------------     65  5.3. MATERIAL CONTRACTS   All the
Material Contracts are valid and binding obligations of each  Business Vendor
and/or Target Company party thereto and, so far as  the Principal Vendor is
aware, the counterparties thereto. No notice  of termination or of intention
to terminate has been received in  respect thereof nor are there any grounds
for termination by of any  counterparties thereto or, so far as the Principal
Vendor is aware,  by any Business Vendor or Target Company, in each case
prior to  their stated expiry date. None of the Business Vendors or Target 
Companies is in breach of any of the material terms of any of the  Material
Contracts and, so far as the Principal Vendor is aware,  neither is any of
the counterparties.  5.4. MATERIAL SUPPLIERS   The Disclosure Letter sets
out details of any single supplier from  whom the Operations purchased during
2003 goods or services for  which the aggregate purchase price exceeded 5% of
the aggregate  purchase price of the total amount of goods and services
purchased  by the Operations during 2003. Since the Accounts Date there has
not  been (i) any material adverse change in the business relationship of 
the Operations with any such supplier or (ii) any change in any  material
term (including credit terms) of the supply agreements or  related
arrangements with any such supplier.  5.5. MATERIAL CUSTOMERS   The
Disclosure Letter sets out details of (i) the eight most  significant
customers (by sales) of the Protection and Hygiene  business of the
Operations during 2003 and the amount of sales  attributable to each such
customer during 2003 and (ii) the six most  significant customers (by sales)
of the Pool and Spa business of the  operations during 2003 and the amount of
sales attributable to each  such customer during 2003. Since the Accounts
Date, there has not  been (i) any material adverse change in the business
relationship of  the Operations with any such customer or (ii) any change in
any  material terms (including credit terms) of the sales agreements or 
related agreements with any such customer. Since 30th June 1999, the 
Business Vendors and the Target Companies have not received any  written or
oral customer complaint concerning the products and  services of the
Operations, nor have they had any such products  returned by a purchaser
thereof (other than complaints and returns  made in the ordinary course of
trading that, individually or in the  aggregate, have not resulted in a
Material Adverse Change).  6. EMPLOYEES  6.1. EMPLOYMENT AND TERMS OF
EMPLOYMENT   6.1.1. Each individual referred to in the Employee List was 
employed by either the Business Vendor or a Target Company  at 18th February
2004 and was engaged primarily in the  Operations and there were on that date
no other  individuals who were so engaged.   ---------------------------- 
SCHEDULE 4 - Warranties  ----------------------------     66   6.1.2.
Particulars of the terms of employment of each Senior  Employee who is not a
party to a written contract of  employment are attached to or incorporated by
reference  into the Disclosure Letter. The Data Room includes details  of
the standard terms of employment generally applicable  to the other grades of
employee.   6.1.3. No Senior Employee has given to any member of the
Vendors\'  Group nor has received from any member of the Vendors\'  Group,
notice of termination of his or her employment.   6.1.4. No person who is
not an Employee has a right to return to  work or any right to be re-instated
or re-employed by any  Target Company or Business Vendor in connection with
the  Operations whether under statute or otherwise.   6.1.5. The terms of
all current recognition, procedural,  collective or other agreements between
any Business Vendor  or Target Company and any trade union or other body 
representing the Employees or any of them have been  included in the Data
Room.   6.1.6. The terms of all Employee Benefit Arrangements have been 
included in the Data Room and a list of all Employee  Benefit Arrangements
and Equity Schemes is set out in the  Disclosure Letter.   6.1.7. Except as
provided under the terms of the Employee Benefit  Arrangements, neither the
Business Vendors nor the Target  Companies have entered into any arrangement
or agreement  imposing an obligation on that company to provide to the 
Employees or any of them at any future date any share  incentive, share
option, profit-related pay, profit share  bonus or other similar incentive
schemes or any enhanced  severance payments.   6.1.8. In the last twelve
months prior to the date of this  Agreement, no payment has been made or
promised to be made  or benefits given or promised to be given by a Vendor
as  consideration for the variation of any contract of  employment of any
Employee or Employees, which are  material in the aggregate.   6.1.9. Since
the Accounts Date, no change has been made in the  emoluments or other terms
of engagement of any Employee or  Employees, which are material in the
aggregate.   6.1.10. Other than amounts for which the Vendors\' Group will
be  solely liable or which will be provided for in the  Completion Working
Capital Statement, paragraph 6.1.10 of  the Disclosure Letter sets out all
amounts now due to or  in respect of any Employee or Employees (other than
salary  for the month current at the date of this Agreement and  any normal
out of pocket expenses incurred by such  Employee) which are material in the
aggregate and are in  arrears and unpaid.   6.1.11. Other than amounts for
which the Vendors\' Group will be  solely liable or which will be provided
for in the  Completion Working Capital   ---------------------------- 
SCHEDULE 4 - Warranties  ----------------------------    67   Statement,
paragraph 6.1.11 of the Disclosure Letter sets  out, or in relation to
jurisdictions outside the United  States, refers to all written or unwritten
contracts of  employment (including any severance or termination  agreement,
plan or scheme) with an Employee which cannot  be terminated without payment
in lieu of notice, damages  or compensation (other than that payable under
applicable  law or pursuant to paragraph 1.5 of Part 1 of Schedule 7)  by
giving at any time three months\' notice or less in  writing.   6.1.12. All
current consultancy agreements with any Vendor in  connection with the
Operations have been included in the  Data Room.   6.1.13. Details of all
applicable redundancy policies or practices  relevant to the Employees,
whether or not contractually  binding and all arrangements or practices
regarding  redundancy payments whether contractual, customary or 
discretionary, above the minimum required by applicable  law have been
included in the Data Room.  6.2. LIABILITIES TO AND FOR EMPLOYEES   6.2.1.
No material liability (that has not been discharged) has  been incurred by
any Business Vendor or any Target Company  for breach or termination of any
contract of employment  with any Employee including, but not limited to,
any  redundancy payments or compensation or damages for  dismissal or breach
of contract.   6.2.2. Other than amounts for which the Vendors\' Group will
be  solely liable or which will be provided for in the  Completion Working
Capital Statement, paragraph 6.2.2 of  the Disclosure Letter sets out all
instances and  arrangements, other than those required by applicable law 
or, with respect to actions described in this paragraph  6.2.2 that occur
after the date of this Agreement, in the  ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice,  whereby any Business Vendor or any Target
Company has  agreed to make any non-contractual payment or provide any  non-
contractual benefit to any Employee or any dependent  of any such Employee in
connection with the actual or  proposed termination or suspension of
employment or  variation of any employment contract of any such
Employee.  6.3. CHANGE OF CONTROL   Other than amounts which will be
provided for in the Completion  Working Capital Statement, paragraph 6.3 of
the Disclosure Letter  sets out all arrangements under which any Employee
will become  entitled by virtue of his or her contract of employment or
otherwise  to any enhancement in or improvement to his or her remuneration, 
severance or other benefits or terms and conditions of employment  (including
any acceleration of the time of payment or vesting of any  remuneration or
benefits) or any remuneration or benefits the value  of which will be
calculated on the basis of any of the transactions  contemplated by this
Agreement by reason of the signing of this  Agreement and/or Completion.  
----------------------------  SCHEDULE 4 - Warranties 
----------------------------     68  6.4. EMPLOYMENT DISPUTES ETC.  
6.4.1. There is not, and during the six months before the date of  this
Agreement, there has not been any dispute between any  Vendor and any trade
union or other organisation formed  for a similar purpose or any industrial
action affecting  any Business Vendor, or the Target Companies.   6.4.2.
The Vendors and the Target Companies have not received any  threat of
industrial action falling under paragraph 6.4.1  above.   6.4.3. So far as
the Principal Vendor is aware, there are no  disputes with any trade union,
works council or any other  employee representative representing all or any
Employees  in relation to their employment in the operations or any 
circumstances likely to give rise to any action as  described in paragraph
6.4.1 above.   6.4.4. No Employee is represented by any labour union with 
respect to such Employee\'s employment by a Vendor.   6.4.5. Since 30th June
1999, none of the Business Vendors or  Target Companies has experienced any
union organisation  attempts or work stoppages due to labour disagreements.
No  grievance or arbitration proceeding arising out of a  collective
bargaining or other labour union contract or  arrangement is pending or, so
far as the Principal Vendor  is aware, threatened against any of the Business
Vendors  or Target Companies.   6.4.6. During the period of six months
before the date of this  Agreement, none of the Business Vendors or Target 
Companies has given notice of redundancies to any  governmental authority or
started consultations in respect  of redundancies with appropriate employee
representatives  under any requirement of applicable law.   6.4.7. There
are no outstanding applications for trade union  recognition or de-
recognition relating to any of the  Employees and there is no staff
association, works council  or similar employee body or employee
representatives  relating to any of the Employees.   6.4.8. There are no
litigation, arbitration, mediation,  administrative or criminal proceedings
pending or  threatened by any Employee or third party in respect of  any
accident or injury which concerns or may effect the  employment of any
Employee.  6.5. UK/US/OTHER EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT ARRANGEMENTS   6.5.1. Each
Employee Benefit Arrangement has been administered in  compliance in all
material respects with its terms and the  terms of all collective bargaining
agreements or other  contracts or arrangements with any labour
organisation,  union or association, and all contributions have been made 
in accordance with its terms and with applicable law. All  pension plans
required to have been approved by any  governmental  
----------------------------  SCHEDULE 4 - Warranties 
----------------------------    69   entity have been so approved or
timely submitted for  approval; no such approval has been revoked (nor has 
revocation been threatened) and no event has occurred  since the date of the
most recent approval or application  therefor that would affect any such
approval or increase  the costs relating thereto. The execution and delivery
of  this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions  contemplated
hereby (alone or in combination with any  other event) do not and will not
require the funding  (whether through a grantor trust or otherwise) of, or 
increase the cost of, any Employee Benefit Arrangement.  There are no
unfunded Employee Benefit Arrangements  providing for benefits payable on
retirement.   6.5.2. Other than Employee Benefit Arrangements that are
Avecia\'s  Benefit Plans and any schemes providing pensions or  benefits to
Employees which are administered by a  governmental authority and to which
the relevant member of  the Vendors\' Group\'s or a Target Company\'s only
financial  obligation is to make specified contributions (an  "Independent
Scheme") (together with Avecia\'s Benefit  Plans, the "Operations\' Plans")
the benefit or pensions  schemes set out or referred to at paragraph 6.5.2 of
the  Disclosure Letter are the only schemes to which the  Business Vendor in
relation to the Target Business and/or  the Target Companies make, are liable
to make or have  agreed to make payments for providing retirement, death, 
disability, medical or life assurance benefits in respect  of Employees. No
proposal has been announced to establish  any other scheme for providing
benefits in respect of any  Employee.   6.5.3. There are attached to the
Disclosure Letter or included in  the Data Room copies of all material
documents presently  governing the Operations\' Plans.   6.5.4. So far as
the Principal Vendor is aware, there is no  dispute about the benefits
payable under the Operations\'  Plans or the Employees\' membership in such
plans in  respect of any Employees.   6.5.5. Each member of the Vendors\'
Group in respect of the Avecia  UK Scheme (as defined in Part 2 of Schedule
8) holds or is  named in an appropriate contracting-out certificate  (within
the meaning of the Pension Schemes Act 1993) in  respect of those of its
Employees who are members of the  Avecia UK Scheme.   6.5.6. Except with
respect to incentive compensation Employee  Benefit Arrangements for which
the Vendors\' Group will be  solely liable, the performance targets
established for  2004 in connection with those incentive compensation 
Employee Benefit Arrangements which are based on the  results of the
Operations (as opposed to those of the  Vendors\' Group) are set out in
paragraph 6.5.6 of the  Disclosure Letter.   ---------------------------- 
SCHEDULE 4 - Warranties  ----------------------------     70  7.
TAXATION  7.1. RETURNS AND INFORMATION   All registrations, returns and
computations which are or have been  required to be filed, made or given on
or before the date of this  Agreement by each Target Company or any
consolidated, combined,  affiliated, unitary or similar group that includes a
Target Company  (to the extent it relates to any Target Company) for any
Taxation  purpose (i) have been properly made or given within the requisite 
periods and (ii) so far as the Principal Vendor is aware, are not  and are
not likely to be the subject of any material dispute with  any Tax Authority.
All such registrations, returns and computations  reflect in all material
respects the liability for Taxes and all  other information required to be
included in therein. All Taxes  shown as due and payable on such Tax Returns
have been timely paid  in full or will be timely paid in full by the due date
thereof so  far as the same require to be paid on or before the relevant 
Completion Date for the relevant Target Company. To the extent that  the
following Warranties 7.1.1, 7.1.2 and 7.1.3 below relate to  Business Assets
and to the extent only that a breach of the  following Warranties 7.1.1,
7.1.2 and 7.1.3 below may result in the  imposition of an Encumbrance on any
of the Business Assets or impose  a Liability on the Purchaser.   7.1.1 all
registrations, returns and computations which are or  have been required to
be filed, made or given on or before  the date of this Agreement have been
properly made or  given within the requisite periods, and so far as the 
Principal Vendor is aware, are not and are not likely to  be the subject of
any material dispute with any Tax  Authority;   7.1.2 all such
registrations, returns and computations reflect  in all material respects the
liability for Taxes and all  other information required to be included
therein; and   7.1.3 all Taxes shown are due and payable on such Tax
Returns  have been timely paid in full or will be timely paid in  full by
the date thereof.  7.2. TAXATION ARRANGEMENTS   The Disclosure Letter sets
out particulars of any agreement,  arrangement or election relating to the
Operations between any  Target Company or Vendor and any Tax Authority
pursuant to which the  relevant Target Company or Vendor is authorised not to
comply with  what but for such agreement, arrangement or election would be
its  statutory obligations and no Target Company or Vendor has taken any 
action which, so far as the Principal Vendor is aware, has had or  will have,
nor, so far as the Principal Vendor is aware, will  anything contemplated by
this Agreement have, the effect of  altering, prejudicing or in any way
disturbing any such agreement,  arrangements or election.  7.3. COMPANY
RESIDENCE   Each Target Company has been resident for tax purposes in the 
country of its incorporation (save where stated in the Disclosure  Letter
with express reference   ----------------------------  SCHEDULE 4 -
Warranties  ----------------------------    71   to this warranty) and
has not been resident anywhere else at any  time since its incorporation and
will be so resident at Completion  and so far as the Principal Vendor is
aware the country of  incorporation is the only country whose Tax Authority
has sought (in  writing) to charge Tax on the worldwide profits and gains of
the  Target Company and no Target Company has ever paid Tax on income, 
profit or gains to any Tax Authority in any other country. For the  avoidance
of doubt, references to residence in this Warranty shall  be construed as
references to residence as determined by the local  law of the jurisdiction
or jurisdictions concerned and not by  reference to the provisions of any
relevant double taxation  agreement or convention.  7.4. VALUE ADDED TAX
("VAT") AND TURNOVER TAX   7.4.1. Each Target Company is registered for VAT
and is a taxable  person for the purposes of the relevant VAT legislation 
and has complied in all respects with such legislation and  all regulations
made or notices issued thereunder and has  maintained full, complete,
correct, and up to date  records, invoices and other documents (as the case
may be)  appropriate or requisite for the purposes thereof.   7.4.2. None
of the Target Companies has been required by  appropriate fiscal authorities
to give security under the  relevant VAT legislation.   7.4.3. To the
extent that any liabilities of the Target  Businesses pass to the Purchaser
(or Local Purchaser)  under any country\'s legislation relating to a transfer
of  a business, the Warranties in 7.4.1 and 7.4.2 above apply.   7.4.4.
None of the Business Assets is a "chargeable asset" for  the purposes of
Section 44 of the Value Added Tax 1994  relating to the United Kingdom or
equivalent provisions in  other relevant countries.   7.4.5. None of the
Target Companies has waived the exemption in  respect of any exempted
activity where the relevant VAT  legislation allows such a waiver.  7.5.
DEDUCTION FROM PAYMENTS   So far as the Principal Vendor is aware, each
Target Company has  complied in all material respects with all statutory
provisions  relating to Taxation which require the deduction of Taxation
from  any payment made by it, and has properly accounted for any such 
Taxation which ought to have been accounted for.  7.6. STAMP, TRANSFER AND
REGISTRATION DUTIES   All documents to which any Target Company is a party,
or which form  part of the title to any asset owned or possessed by any
Target  Company, or which any Target Company or the Purchaser or any Local 
Purchaser may need to enforce or produce in evidence in any court of  law
have (where required) been duly stamped and any stamp  registration and
transfer duties relating to the same have been duly  paid.  
----------------------------  SCHEDULE 4 - Warranties 
----------------------------     71  7.7. TAX EQUALISATION PAYMENTS  
7.7.1. No Target Company is liable to make a payment for the  utilisation
surrender or other transfer of any Taxation  Benefit ("Taxation Equalisation
Payment"), nor is any  Taxation Equalisation Payment received by any Target 
Company liable to be refunded.   7.7.2. No Target Company is under any
obligation to surrender or  otherwise transfer any Relief (as defined in the
Tax  Deed). 7.8. Ownership of United States Real Property  Interests   For
United States federal income tax purposes, Avecia Inc.  is the owner of all
Business Properties that are United  States Real Property Interests for
purposes of Section 897  of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended.  7.9. TAX ON DISPOSAL OF ASSETS   On a disposal of all its assets
by any Target Company for:   7.9.1 in the case of each asset owned by that
Target Company at  the Accounts Date, a consideration equal to the value 
attributed to that asset in preparing the 2003 Accounts;  or   7.9.2 in the
case of each asset acquired since the Accounts  Date, a consideration equal
to the consideration given for  the acquisition,   then either:   in
respect of any asset falling within (A) above, the liability to  Tax (if any)
which would be incurred by that Target Company in  respect of that asset
would not exceed the amount taken into account  in respect of that asset in
computing the maximum liability to  deferred Taxation as stated in the 2003
Accounts; or in respect of  any asset within (B) above, no Tax liability
would be incurred by  that Target Company in respect of that asset.  7.10.
INTRA-GROUP TRANSACTIONS   No Target Company has, at any time within the
last six years,  acquired any asset from any other company which was, at the
time of  the acquisition, a member of the same group of companies as that 
company for the purposes of any Tax.  7.11. NON-ARM\'S LENGTH
TRANSACTIONS  As far as the Principal Vendor is aware, no Target Company is
a party  to any transaction or arrangement, under which it may be required
to  pay for any asset or services or facilities of any kind an amount  which
is in excess of the market value of that asset or services or  facilities or
will receive any such payment for any asset or  services or facilities of any
kind that it has supplied or provided  or is liable to supply.  
----------------------------  SCHEDULE 4 - Warranties 
----------------------------     73  7.12. CAPITAL GOODS SCHEME   None
of the Business Assets are or have been subject to the Capital  Goods
Adjustment Rules (in Part XV of The Value Added Tax  Regulations 1995), or
any equivalent rule in any jurisdiction.  7.13. OPTION TO ELECT TO TAX  
No election (or application to elect) has been made under paragraph  2 of
Schedule 10 the UK Value Added Tax Act 1994 in relation to any  of the
Business Properties or any part of any of them.  7.14. WASTING ASSETS  
None of the Business Assets is a wasting asset within section 44 of  the
Taxation of Chargeable Gains Act 1992 which does not qualify in  full for
capital allowances.  7.15. NO TRANSFER OF UK TARGET BUSINESS   In
connection with the sale of the Target Business of the UK  Business Vendor,
such Target Business has not within the six months  prior to the date of this
Agreement been subject to any transfer.  8. ASSETS AND LIABILITIES  8.1.
TITLE   8.1.1. All the Assets (other than (i) Business Intellectual 
Property, the Intellectual Property owned by the Target  Companies, Biocides
Exclusive Data and Assigned Know-how  and the Properties (title to which is
addressed in  paragraphs 8.3.1, 8.3.2 and 8.4.6 of this Schedule 4),  (ii)
assets held under hire purchase arrangements or  finance leases on normal
commercial terms and (iii) assets  subject to provisions regarding retention
of title pending  payment of sums to the supplier) which are included as 
assets in the 2003 Accounts were at the Accounts Date the  absolute property
and in the possession or under the  control of a Target Company or Business
Vendor. Save for  those subsequently disposed of or realised in the
ordinary  course of trading on arm\'s length commercial terms  consistent
with past practice, all such Assets and all  Assets (other than (i) Business
Intellectual Property, the  Intellectual Property owned by the Target
Companies,  Biocides Exclusive Data and Assigned Know-how and the 
Properties (title to which is addressed in paragraphs  8.3.1, 8.3.2 and 8.4.6
of this Schedule 4), (ii) assets  held under hire purchase arrangements or
finance leases on  normal commercial terms and (iii) assets subject to 
provisions regarding retention of title pending payment of  sums to the
supplier) which have subsequently been  acquired or arisen are the absolute
property and in the  possession or under the control of a Target Company or 
Business Vendor. None is the subject of any Encumbrance  (excepting only (a)
liens arising by operation of law in  the ordinary course of trading, (b)
Encumbrances of the  type described in (ii) and (iii) above and (c)  
----------------------------  SCHEDULE 4 - Warranties 
----------------------------    74   Encumbrances which will be released
before or with effect  from Completion).   8.1.2. There are no specific
items of non-routine maintenance,  renewal or replacement that are required
to correct any  material defect (ordinary wear and tear excepted) in any 
Asset having an individual replacement value exceeding  US$150,000 (other
than Stock, the Business IP, the  Intellectual Property owned by the Target
Companies or the  Properties) which have not been carried out in the 
ordinary course. All material Assets (other than Stock,  Business IP,
Intellectual Property owned by the Target  Companies or the Properties) (the
status if which is  addressed in paragraphs 8.3, 8.4 and 16 of this
Schedule  4)) have since 1st January 2003 been maintained in all  material
respects in accordance with the past practice of  the Operations and no
repairs, replacements or regularly  scheduled maintenance relating to any
such Assets has been  deferred otherwise than in the ordinary course of 
business, consistent with the past practice of the  Operations.   8.1.3.
Each of the Share Vendors is the sole and beneficial owner  of the Shares set
forth opposite its name in Schedule 1.  The Share Vendors are entitled to
sell and transfer to the  Purchaser or the Local Purchasers (as appropriate)
the  full legal and beneficial ownership of the Shares on the  terms of this
Agreement or any Local Agreement. Unless  otherwise specified in Schedule 2,
the Shares comprise the  whole of the allotted and issued share capital of
the  Target Companies, have been properly and validly allotted  and issued
and are each fully paid.   8.1.4. No person has the right (whether
exercisable now or in the  future and whether contingent or not) to call for
any  allotment, conversion, issue, sale or transfer of any  share or loan
capital or any other security giving rise to  a right over the capital of any
Target Company under any  option, instrument or other agreement (including 
conversion rights and rights of pre-emption) and there are  no Encumbrances
over such capital or arrangements or  obligations to create any such
Encumbrances.  8.2. INSURANCE   8.2.1. Summary particulars of the material
insurances of the  Business Vendors and the Target Companies are contained
in  the Data Room.   8.2.2. In respect of all such insurances:   (a) all
premiums have been duly paid to date;   (b) so far as the Principal Vendor
is aware no act,  omission, misrepresentation or non-disclosure by  or on
behalf of any of the Business Vendors or  Target Companies has occurred which
makes any of  such insurance policies voidable.   8.2.3. There are included
in the Data Room or attached to the  Disclosure Letter copies of all risk
assessment reports  received by the Vendors\'  
----------------------------  SCHEDULE 4 - Warranties 
----------------------------    75   Group in relation to the Operations
from its insurance  brokers in the two years preceding the date of this 
Agreement.   8.2.4. There is included in the Data Room a list prepared by 
Marsh of all claims made or notified to Marsh by a Target  Company or a
Business Vendor (to the extent it relates to  the Operations) since 30th June
1999 and so far as the  Principal Vendor is aware, such list is materially 
complete. Marsh is the only insurance broker of the  Vendors\' Group in
respect of the Operations.  8.3. PROPERTIES   8.3.1. The Properties set
out in the Property List, together with  all those properties made available
to members of the  Purchaser\'s Group under the Ancillary Agreements, are
the  only premises and land owned or occupied by the Business  Vendors in
connection with the Operations and include the  only premises and land owned
or occupied by or in which  the Target Companies has an interest as at the
date of  this Agreement.   8.3.2. The details relating to those of the
Properties which are  referred to in the Property List are in all material 
respects true, complete and accurate and not misleading  and the Property
Owner has under its control all of the  title deeds and documents in relation
to the Properties  referred to in Part 1 and Part 3 of the Property List 
listed in the Disclosure Letter which documents are  originals or properly
examined extracts unless otherwise  stated.   8.3.3. The Business Vendors
and the Target Companies have or will  have at the Completion Date exclusive
possession and  occupation of all parts of the Properties to the extent 
necessary for the carrying out of the Operations and none  of the Properties
are subject to any lease, sublease,  tenancy, licence to occupy or agreement
to grant any of  them.   8.3.4. Each of the Business Properties is owned
(freehold or  leasehold as indicated) by the Business Vendor named as  its
owner in the Property List. Each of the Target Company  Properties is owned
(freehold or leasehold as indicated)  by the Target Company named as its
owner in the Property  List.   8.3.5. The Property List sets out the
address and description of  each parcel of Freehold Property. With respect to
each  parcel of Freehold Property:   (a) the Property Owner is solely
legally and  beneficially entitled to the Properties and has  good and
indefeasible fee title, free and clear  of all Encumbrances except for
Permitted  Encumbrances, to the New Castle Delaware  premises referred to in
Part 3 of the Property  List; and   (b) there are no outstanding options,
rights of  first offer or rights of first refusal to  purchase such Freehold
Property or any portion  thereof or interest therein.  
----------------------------  SCHEDULE 4 - Warranties 
----------------------------     76   8.3.6. The Property List sets out
the addresses of each parcel of  Leasehold Property. With respect to each
Leasehold  Property:   (a) the Property Owner is solely legally and 
beneficially entitled to the Leasehold Property,  each lease of premises
referred to in Part 3 of  the Property List to which a Property Owner is a 
party is valid and in full force and effect and  no collateral assurances
undertakings or  concessions have been made or given; and   (b) so far as
the Principal Vendor is aware the  Property Owner has not received notice
from the  landlord of any lease of any breach or default  under the lease of
the Leasehold Property.   8.3.7. So far as the Principal Vendor is aware,
all buildings and  structures, including the roof, foundations, load-
bearing  walls and other structural elements thereof are in a  condition and
state of repair which is sufficient for the  operation of the Operations.  
8.3.8. In relation to the Properties set out in Part 3 of the  Property List
there is no condemnation or expropriation,  pending or threatened, affecting
any parcel of Property or  any portion thereof or interest therein.  
8.3.9. All material certificates of occupancy, permits, licenses, 
franchises, approvals and authorisations, including UK  planning legislation,
of all governmental authorities,  board of fire underwriters, association or
any other  entity having jurisdiction over the Properties, which are 
required to use or occupy the Properties or operate the  Property Owner\'s
business as currently conducted thereon,  have been issued and are in full
force and effect.   8.3.10. As far as the Principal Vendor is aware none of
the  Vendors or the Property Owners have received a notice that  the current
use and occupancy of the Freehold Properties  and the operation of the
Property Owner\'s business as  currently conducted thereon violates any
easement,  covenant, condition, restriction or similar provision in  any
instrument of record or other unrecorded agreement  affecting such Freehold
Property.   8.3.11. In respect of the Specialities East Plant Huddersfield
so  far as the Principal Vendor is aware the Property is in a  safe
condition in accordance with good practice and  working methods generally
applicable in the chemicals  industry and in accordance with all relevant
statutory  codes of practice.  8.4. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY   8.4.1.
Details of all the Business IP and the Intellectual  Property owned by Target
Companies which is registered or  the subject of any applications for
registration at any  national or supranational patent, trade mark or other 
intellectual property office (the "REGISTERED IP") and all  material trade
names and logos which either form part of  Business IP or Intellectual
Property owned by a Target  Company ("UNREGISTERED IP")  
----------------------------  SCHEDULE 4 - Warranties 
----------------------------     77   are set out in the Intellectual
Property List. Up to the  dates at which this Warranty is given, all
application,  renewal or other official fees which are due in respect of 
the Registered IP have been paid and all steps required  for the maintenance
of any Registered IP have been taken.  So far as the Principal Vendor is
aware, no Registered IP  or Unregistered IP or Regulatory Data, Know-how or 
material unregistered IP, in each case, owned by or  licensed to any Business
Vendor relating to the Operations  or owned by or licensed to any Target
Company is the  subject of any current litigation or opposition, 
revocation, cancellation or administrative proceedings and  no such
litigation or proceedings has been threatened in  writing.   8.4.2. So far
as the Principal Vendor is aware, no third party is  infringing or making
unauthorised use of, or has in the 12  months prior to Completion infringed
or made unauthorised  use of, any Business IP or any Intellectual Property, 
Know-how or Regulatory Data owned by or licensed to any  Target Company or
owned by or licensed to any Business  Vendor in relation to the
Operations.   8.4.3. There are no pending claims or litigation by any
third  party in which it is alleged that the conduct or  activities of any
of the Operations infringes or makes  unauthorised use of, or has since 30th
June 1999 infringed  or made unauthorised use of, any of the Intellectual 
Property or Know-how of such third party and no such  claims or litigation
have been threatened in writing. So  far as the Principal Vendor is aware,
the conduct and  activities of the Operations do not infringe or make 
unauthorised use of, and have not since 30th June 1999  infringed or made
unauthorised use of, any Intellectual  Property or Know-how of a third
party.   8.4.4. The licences and agreements relating to Intellectual 
Property, the Regulatory Data and/or Know-how included in  the Data Room
comprise all of the licences and agreements  relating to Intellectual
Property, Regulatory Data and/or  Know-how entered into by any of the Target
Companies or by  any Business Vendor in relation to the Operations, which 
are material to the Operations. So far as the Principal  Vendor is aware, all
of said licences and agreements are  in full force and effect. No notice has
been given by any  party to terminate any of them. None of the relevant 
Business Vendors or any Target Company is in breach of any  of the material
terms of such licences and agreements and  so far as the Principal Vendor is
aware, neither is any of  the relevant counterparties.   8.4.5. No Employee
is making any claim against any member of the  Vendors\' Group under any
contract or applicable law for  any compensation, royalty, consideration or
payment or for  any right or interest in respect of any of the Business  IP,
Assigned Know-how or Intellectual Property or Know-how  owned by any Target
Company and so far as the Principal  Vendor is aware, no such claim has been
threatened in  writing and there are no grounds on which such a claim  might
reasonably be expected to be made.   ----------------------------  SCHEDULE
4 - Warranties  ----------------------------     78   8.4.6. All
Registered IP, Biocides Exclusive Data, Assigned  Know-how and Know-how owned
by any Target Company is owned  legally and beneficially by a member of the
Vendors\'  Group. There are no Encumbrances over the Business IP, the 
Intellectual Property owned by any Target Company, the  Assigned Know-how,
the Know-how owned by any Target  Company or the Biocides Exclusive Data and
no exclusive or  sole licences have been granted to any third parties in 
respect of such.   8.4.7. Other than in respect of any of the following:  
(a) the Intellectual Property in computer software  and computer systems
which is the subject matter  of the Ancillary Agreement identified as the 
Transitional IT Services Agreement;   (b) the Excluded Names; and   (c)
any registered or unregistered trademarks, logos  or other devices
incorporating the Excluded  Names,   as far as the Principal Vendor is
aware the Business IP  and the Intellectual Property owned by the Target 
Companies together with any further Intellectual Property  being licensed to
the Purchaser, pursuant to this  Agreement and the Intellectual Property
licensed to the  Business Vendors or the Target Companies by third parties 
pursuant to licences referred to under Warranty 8.4.4  comprises all the
Intellectual Property necessary to carry  on the Operations in all material
respects as presently  carried on.   8.4.8. So far as the Principal Vendor
is aware, no Business  Vendor or Target Company has disclosed any material 
Regulatory Data or material Know-how relating to the  Operations or any
Assigned Know-how to any third party  other than under an undertaking of
confidentiality by the  relevant third party.   8.4.9. The consummation of
the proposed acquisition of the  Operations and the other transactions
contemplated by this  Agreement do not conflict with, alter, prejudice or
impair  the ownership of (a) the Registered IP or the Unregistered  IP by
the Business Vendors or Target Companies or (b) the  Biocides Exclusive Data
or the Assigned Know-how by the  Business Vendors, or (c) the Regulatory Data
or Know-how  owned by the Target Companies or except to the extent that  the
said proposed acquisition includes the transfer of  ownership of the
Registered IP and Unregistered IP,  Biocides Exclusive Data, Assigned Know-
how and the shares  in the Target Companies to the Purchaser.   8.4.10. So
far as the Principal Vendor is aware, all material  Regulatory Data or
material Know-how or any Assigned  Know-how relating to the Operations which
is proprietary  to any of the Business Vendors or Target Companies has  been
maintained in confidence in accordance with  protection procedures
customarily used in the industry to  protect rights of like importance.  
----------------------------  SCHEDULE 4 - Warranties 
----------------------------     79   8.4.11. Copies of all agreements
whereby Business IP or  Intellectual Property or Know-how owned by Target 
Companies, Biocides Exclusive Data or Assigned Know-how  has been licensed by
any Business Vendor or Target Company  to any member of the Astra Zeneca
Group and whereby any  Intellectual Property, Know-how or Regulatory Data
used in  the Operations has been licensed by any member of the  Astra Zeneca
Group to any Business Vendor or Target  Company (in each case in relation to
the Operations) are  listed in the Disclosure Letter and included in the
Data  Room.   8.4.12. No member of the Vendors\' Group has entered into
any  contract with Clariant, Prom or Thor which affects,  prejudices, or
impairs any Biocides Exclusive Data owned  by any Business Vendor or Target
Company.   8.4.13. All material confidentiality agreements relating to the 
Operations and entered into by any member of the Vendors\'  Group are set out
in the Data Room.   8.4.14. No Target Company nor any Business Vendor is a
party to  any confidentiality or other agreement, or subject to any 
contractual duty, which restricts the free use or  disclosure of information
forming part of the Assigned  Know-how or material Know-how or Regulatory
Data owned by  a Target Company or Business Vendor relating to the 
Operations.   8.4.15. All Regulatory Data required to carry on the
Operations in  all material respects as presently carried on is owned by  or
licensed to (under a licence referred to under Warranty  8.4.4) either a
Target Company or a Business Vendor.   8.4.16. As far as the Principal
Vendor is aware all Know-how  required to carry on the Operations in all
material  respects as presently carried on is owned by or licensed  (under a
licence referred to under paragraph 8.4.4) to  either a Target Company or a
Business Vendor.  8.5. RECEIVABLES   All the book and other debts
receivable by or owing to the Target  Companies or the Business Vendors, to
the extent that they arose in  connection with the Operations, (a) represent
actual indebtedness  incurred by the applicable account debtors and (b) have
arisen from  bona fide transactions in the ordinary course of the Operations.
As  far as the Principal Vendor is aware, all such receivables are good  and
collectible at the aggregate recorded amounts thereof, net of  any applicable
reserves for doubtful accounts reflected in the 2003  Accounts. Since the
Accounts Date no receivables have been  written-off as uncollectible, except
in the ordinary course of the  Operations consistent with past practice.  
----------------------------  SCHEDULE 4 - Warranties 
----------------------------     80  8.6. SUFFICIENCY OF ASSETS   The
Assets other than the Business IP, Intellectual Property owned  by the Target
Companies, the Biocides Exclusive Data and the  Assigned Know-how (which are
addressed in paragraph 8.4 of this  Schedule 4) (together with the other
rights and services to be  provided by or in accordance with this Agreement
and the other  agreements to be entered into at each Completion) comprise all
the  assets necessary to carry on the Operations in substantially all 
respects as carried on as at the date of this Agreement. The  Principal
Vendor is not aware if any reason why it would not be able  to provide the
goods and services to be provided under the Ancillary  Agreements.  8.7.
TARGET COMPANIES\' ASSETS AND ACTIVITIES   8.7.1. The Target Companies (i)
only have properties, rights,  assets, Liabilities and employees related to
the Business  and (ii) are not engaged in any operation or activity  other
than the Business.   8.7.2. Prior to the transfer of a portion of the
Operations to  each of Avecia Protection and Hygiene NV and Avecia  Protection
and Hygiene AB, such Target Companies had no  liabilities of any nature
(whether accrued, absolute,  contingent, unasserted or otherwise).  9.
BANKING AND FINANCE  9.1. The Disclosure Letter sets out details of any loan
agreement,  facility letter, or other agreement for Indebtedness (other
than  Intra-Group Payables or Intra-Group Receivables) in excess of 
(pound)150,000 as at the date of this Agreement for the provision of  credit
or financing facilities to any Target Company or for the  sale, factoring or
discounting of its debts.  9.2. Other than Third Party Indebtedness and
Intra-Group Payables, no  Target Company has as at the date of this Agreement
outstanding any  Indebtedness.  9.3. The Disclosure Letter sets out with
respect to each Intra-Group  Payable, Intra-Group Receivable and item of
Third Party Indebtedness  as at 31st December 2003:   9.3.1. the identity
of the payer and payee; and   9.3.2. the amount of the obligation in the
relevant currency.  10. COMPETITION AND FAIR TRADING   None of the acts,
omissions, practices, agreements or arrangements  of any Business Vendor or
Target Company:  10.1. is, so far as the Principal Vendor is aware, the
subject of any  pending investigation, inquiry, proceedings, report or
reference by  any governmental or regulatory authority or court under any
law,  legislation or regulation (civil or criminal) relating to 
competition, restrictive trade practices, anti-trust,  
----------------------------  SCHEDULE 4 - Warranties 
----------------------------     81   monopolies, merger control, fair
trading or restraint of trade in  any part of the world ("COMPETITION LAW");
or  10.2. is the subject of any enforceable undertaking or assurance given
to  any governmental or regulatory authority or court under Competition  Law
and nor has such undertaking or assurance been requested,  provided that in
respect of any application of this Warranty after the date of this Agreement,
there shall be deemed to be excluded from its scope any matter arising out of
or relating to the sale of the Operations.  11. CONDUCT OF THE
OPERATIONS  The Business Vendors and the Target Companies have carried on
the relevant Operations since 30th June 1999 to the date of this Agreement
and no person other than members of the Vendors\' Group has had any ownership
interest in the Operations since 30th June 1999.  12. POWERS OF
ATTORNEY  No Target Company has given any power of attorney or other
authority (express, implied or ostensible) which is still outstanding or
effective to any person to enter into any contract, agreement, arrangement or
commitment on its behalf other than to its employees to enter into routine
trading contracts and otherwise perform their duties.  13. INFORMATION
TECHNOLOGY  13.1. The Operations have not since 1st January 2003 experienced
any  material disruption in operations or activities as a result of (a)  any
security breach in relation to any Information Technology, or  (b) any
failure (whether arising from any bug, virus, defect or  otherwise), lack of
capacity or other sub-standard performance of  any Information
Technology.  13.2. Details of all domain names which are, or have been,
used  exclusively in connection with the Operations and which are owned by 
any Business Vendor or Target Company or other member of the  Vendors\' Group
are set out in the Intellectual Property List. All  registrations in relation
to such domain names have been maintained  and all related fees and necessary
administrative steps required for  the maintenance of such domain names up to
Completion have been  (respectively) paid and taken.  13.3. Details of all
material Information Technology which is used in the  Operations (including
details with respect to the ownership and  license arrangements, if any, with
respect to such Information  Technology), are included in the Data
Room.  13.4. Details of all material agreements and arrangements relating
to  Information Technology (including, without limitation, development, 
security, disaster recovery, EDI, source code escrow, computer  bureau
services, maintenance and support, facilities management, web  site, domain
name and outsourcing agreements) entered into by, or  pursuant to which any
benefit is obtained by, any Business Vendor or  member of the Vendors\' Group
in relation to the   ----------------------------  SCHEDULE 4 -
Warranties  ----------------------------     82   Operations are
included in the Data Room. So far as the Principal  Vendor is aware no third
party is in breach of any such agreement or  arrangement.  14. GRANTS AND
ALLOWANCES  In relation to the Operations, no grant, allowance, aid,
subsidy, loan or guarantee has been applied for or received from any
supranational, national or local authority or government agency since 30th
June 1999.  15. INDUCEMENTS  No inducement (financial or otherwise) has
been given to any person with a view to any Business Vendor or Target Company
entering into any contract or other arrangement or obtaining any benefit in
relation to the Operations which was either unlawful or in violation of the
Vendors\' Group\'s applicable written ethical policy. No such inducement has
been received by any Business Vendor or Target Company or any director or
employee of them or any associate of any such person.  16. STOCKS  The
amounts of raw materials, work in progress, finished goods and packaging and
promotional material comprised in the Stock are appropriate and normal
for the present level of trading of the relevant Target Businesses.  17.
DATA PROTECTION  17.1. The UK Business Vendor is either:   17.1.1. duly
registered as a data controller under the Data  Protection Act 1998 (or is
deemed to be so registered by  notification regulations made by virtue of
section 19(3)  of that Act) for all purposes for which registration is 
required in respect of the relevant Target Business; or   17.1.2. exempt
from section 17(1) of the Data Protection Act 1998  under paragraph 2 of
schedule 14 to that Act and is duly  registered as a data user under the Data
Protection Act  1984 for all purposes for which registration is required  in
respect of the relevant Target Business;   and details of the relevant
registration is set out in the  Disclosure Letter.  17.2. The UK Business
Vendor has not received any notice (including,  without limitation, any
enforcement notice), letter or complaint  from the Information Commissioner
alleging breach by it of the Data  Protection Act 1984 or the Data Protection
Act 1998 and no threats  in writing have been made which would give the UK
Business Vendor  reason to believe that there are any circumstances which
exist which  might give rise to any such notice, letter or complaint being 
served, given or made.  17.3. No individual has been awarded compensation
from the UK Business  Vendor under the Data Protection Act 1984 or the Data
Protection Act  1998, no claim for such compensation is outstanding and no
threats  in writing have been made which would give the UK Business Vendor 
reason to believe that any   ----------------------------  SCHEDULE 4 -
Warranties  ----------------------------     83   circumstances exist
which might lead to any claim for compensation  being made.  17.4. No order
has been made against the UK Business Vendor for the  rectification,
blocking, erasure or destruction of any data under  the Data Protection Act
1984 or the Data Protection Act 1998, no  application for such an order is
outstanding and no threats in  writing have been made which would give the UK
Business Vendor  reason to believe that any circumstances exist which might
lead to  any application for such an order being made.  18. DELINQUENT AND
WRONGFUL ACTS  So far as the Principal Vendor is aware, no investigation or
inquiry is being or has been conducted by any government, governmental,
supranational or trade agency, court or regulatory body in respect of the
Operations.  19. DEFECTIVE PRODUCTS  The Disclosure Letter sets out
details of all customer claims received by the Operations since 1st January
2003 alleging that the products or services provided by the Operations were
defective or not to specification or not compliant with legal requirements
where the amounts claimed by the relevant customer or the costs to the
Operations of rectifying the defect have exceeded or would exceed US$100,000.
Since 1st January 2003, no Business Vendor nor any Target Company has had to
carry out any recall of products manufactured by the Operations.  20.
POSITION OF BUSINESS VENDORS  No member of the Vendors\' Group other than
the Business Vendors and the Target Companies owns any Assets (or any
interest in any Assets) necessary for the carrying on of the Operations in
substantially all respects as carried on at the date of this
Agreement.  21. CONSIDERATION SHARES  21.1. The US Business Vendor
understands that the issuance of the  Consideration Shares by the Purchaser
to the US Business Vendor is  intended to be exempt from registration under
the Securities Act  pursuant to section 4(2) thereof.  21.2. The US
Business Vendor (either alone or together with its advisors)  has sufficient
knowledge and experience in financial and business  matters so as to be
capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its  investment in the
Consideration Shares and is capable of bearing the  economic risks of such
investment.  21.3. The US Business Vendor is acquiring the Consideration
Shares for its  own account (or for accounts over which it exercises
investment  authority), and not with a view to the public resale or
distribution  thereof, in violation of any securities law.  21.4. The US
Business Vendor understands that the Consideration Shares will  be issued in
a transaction exempt from the registration or  qualification  
----------------------------  SCHEDULE 4 - Warranties 
----------------------------     84   requirements of the Securities Act
and applicable US state  securities laws, and that such securities must be
held indefinitely  unless a subsequent disposition thereof is registered or
qualified  under the Securities Act and such laws or is exempt from such 
registration or qualification.  21.5. The US Business Vendor can bear the
economic risk of (i) an  investment in the Consideration Shares indefinitely
and (ii) a total  loss in respect of such investment, and has such knowledge
and  experience in business and financial matters so as to enable it to 
understand and evaluate the risks of and form an investment decision  with
respect to its investment in the Consideration Shares and to  protect its own
interest in connection with such investment.          
----------------------------  SCHEDULE 4 - Warranties 
----------------------------      SCHEDULE 5 - Limitations  1. The
Principal Vendor\'s and the UK Business Vendor\'s liability in  respect of
any claim under the Warranties shall be limited as  follows:   1.1 the
Principal Vendor and the UK Business Vendor shall have  no liability for any
breach of any of the Warranties  (other than a Specified Warranty), unless
the amount of  such claim (excluding the Purchaser\'s own interest, costs 
and expenses of enforcing the claim against the Principal  Vendor or the UK
Business Vendor) when aggregated with  other like claims based on the same or
a series of related  facts (including any such claims under the Tax Deed) 
exceeds US$100,000;   1.2 the Principal Vendor and the UK Business Vendor
shall have  no liability for any breach of any of the Warranties  (other
than a Specified Warranty) until the aggregate  liability for all claims
(other than those excluded by  paragraph 1.1 and excluding the Purchaser\'s
own interest,  costs and expenses enforcing such claims against the 
Principal Vendor or the UK Business Vendor) shall equal or  exceed US$2.25
million in which case the Principal Vendor  and the UK Business Vendor shall
be liable for the whole  amount and not merely the excess over US$2.25
million;   1.3 the Principal Vendor and the UK Business Vendor shall not 
be liable for any breach of the Warranties (other than the  Tax Warranties
and the Environmental Warranties) unless a  written claim has been made by
the Purchaser to the  Principal Vendor and the UK Business Vendor giving
notice  as described in paragraph 10 of this Schedule 5 of the  relevant
facts and the Warranty or Warranties which are  alleged to have been breached
on or before 31st December  2005;   1.4 the Principal Vendor and the UK
Business Vendor shall not  be liable in respect of a breach of any of the 
Environmental Warranties unless a written claim has been  made by the
Purchaser to the Principal Vendor and the UK  Business Vendor giving notice
as described in paragraph 10  of this Schedule 5 of the relevant facts and
the Warranty  or Warranties which are alleged to have been breached on  or
before31st March 2008; and   1.5 the Principal Vendor and the UK Business
Vendor shall not  be liable in respect of a breach of any of the Tax 
Warranties unless a written claim has been made by the  Purchaser to the
Principal Vendor and the UK Business  Vendor giving notice as described in
paragraph 10 of this  Schedule 5 of the relevant facts and the Warranty or 
Warranties which are alleged to have been breached on or  before 31st March
2009,   provided however that for the purposes only of determining the 
Principal Vendor\'s and the UK Business Vendor liability in respect  of any
breach of the Warranties (other than the Specified  Warranties), but for the
avoidance of doubt not for the purpose of  determining whether there has been
a breach of such Warranty on its  terms, the Warranties shall be deemed not
to be qualified by any  references therein to materiality.  
---------------------------------  SCHEDULE 5 - Limitations 
---------------------------------     86  2. Subject to paragraph 13,
the maximum aggregate liability of the  Vendors for all claims under this
Agreement (other than claims for  breach of the Specified Warranties) or the
documents in the Agreed  Form AF7, AF12, AF13 (other than AF13A and AF13B),
AF15A and the  Local Agreements shall not exceed 50 per cent of the Purchase
Price.  3. Any claim for breach of Warranties which is made within the
time  limits specified above shall, unless previously satisfied, settled  or
withdrawn, be deemed to be withdrawn and no longer enforceable  unless legal
proceedings in respect thereof are commenced by validly  issuing and serving
legal process within one year of the making of  such claim provided that in
respect of claims in respect of losses  which remain contingent, the relevant
time limit under this  paragraph 3 shall be one year after such contingency
crystallises.  4. The Principal Vendor and the UK Business Vendor shall not
be liable  in respect of any claim under the Warranties, except for claims 
under the Specified Warranties, to the extent that such claim would  not have
arisen but for a change or changes in law, rules,  regulation or published
administrative practice of any government,  governmental department agency or
regulatory body or legislation  (whether relating to rates or imposition of
Tax or otherwise) made  after the date of this Agreement.  5. The Principal
Vendor and the UK Business Vendor shall not be liable  under the
Warranties:   5.1 to the extent that such claim would not have arisen but 
for or is exacerbated by any voluntary act, omission,  transaction or
arrangement of the Purchaser or the  Purchaser\'s Group or, after the
Completion Date, any  Target Company outside the ordinary course of
trading;   5.2 to the extent that such claim would not have arisen but  for
or is increased by any change in practices or policies  of the Target
Companies in respect of Taxation after  Completion other than one made to
comply with standard Tax  practices and policies existing at Completion;  
5.3 if and to the extent that such claim would not have arisen  but for or is
increased by a change of accounting policy,  bases or practice of any the
Operations after Completion  (other than ones effected in order to comply
with  accounting standards or practices applicable at  Completion);   5.4
to the extent that the claim relates to any losses covered  under a policy of
insurance in force for the benefit of  the Purchaser, the Purchaser\'s Group
or any Target  Company;   5.5 to the extent that the claim arises or is
increased as a  consequence of the failure of the Purchaser to comply with 
or to procure the compliance of any Local Purchaser or  Target Company with
their respective obligations under  this Agreement or to act or procure
action in accordance  with the reasonable instructions of the Principal
Vendor  or   ---------------------------------  SCHEDULE 5 - Limitations 
---------------------------------     87   its authorised representative
under Clause 8 (Claims  Procedure) in respect of that claim;   5.6 to the
extent the matter giving rise to the claim for  breach of Warranty was
provided for or accrued in the 2003  Accounts or the Completion Working
Capital Statement; or   5.7 to the extent such claim arises or is increased
as a  result of in relation to Taxation any withdrawal of a  claim,
election, surrender or disclaimer made, or notice  or consent in relation to
Taxation given after Completion.  6. The Principal Vendor and the UK
Business Vendor shall not be liable  under the Warranties to the extent the
circumstances giving rise to  or representing the breach of Warranty were
fairly disclosed in or  by the Disclosure Letter or the documents attached to
or  incorporated by reference in the Disclosure Letter.  7. If in respect
of any claim under the Warranties the losses of the  Purchaser or the
Purchaser\'s Group are contingent only, the  Principal Vendor and the UK
Business Vendor shall not be under any  obligation to make any payment to the
Purchaser until such time as  the contingent losses cease to be contingent
and become actual  provided always that this paragraph is without prejudice
to the  ability of the Purchaser to notify the claim.  8. For the avoidance
of doubt the amount of any claim for breach of the  Warranties shall take
into account the amount of any Relief (as  defined in the Tax Deed) and any
other corresponding saving or net  benefit enjoyed by the Purchaser or the
Purchaser\'s Group.  9. The Purchaser and the Local Purchasers taken
together shall not be  entitled to recover from the Principal Vendor (or any
other Vendor)  under this Agreement or the documents to be entered into
pursuant to  this Agreement more than once in respect of the same losses,
and  accordingly the Principal Vendor and any other Vendor shall not be 
liable under any one such document if and to the extent that the  losses are
or have been recovered under another such document.  10. As soon as
reasonably practicable after a member of the Purchaser\'s  Group becomes
aware of any matter which may give rise to a claim  against the Principal
Vendor or the UK Business Vendor for breach of  Warranty, the Purchaser shall
give written notice of such matter to  the Principal Vendor and the UK
Business Vendor and shall (then and  from time to time) take reasonable steps
to provide to the Principal  Vendor and the UK Business Vendor all such
information as may be in  its possession or under its control which is
relevant to the  determination of the Principal Vendor\'s or the UK Business
Vendor\'s  liability for such matter provided that any failure to give such 
timely notice or information shall not affect the rights of the  Purchaser or
any member of the Purchaser\'s Group except to the  extent the Principal
Vendor or the UK Business Vendor is prejudiced  by such failure.  11. If
the Purchaser has alleged that a breach of any of the Warranties  has
occurred then to the extent that such breach or the effects of  such breach
are capable of being remedied, the Principal Vendor and  the UK Business
Vendor shall be   ---------------------------------  SCHEDULE 5 -
Limitations  ---------------------------------     88   afforded an
opportunity to effect such remedy within 30 days of its  receipt of written
notice from the Purchaser of such alleged breach.  12. Notwithstanding any
other provision of this Agreement, the Purchaser  acknowledges that neither
the Principal Vendor nor any other member  of the Vendors\' Group nor any of
their directors, employees,  representatives, agents or advisers have given
(nor shall they be  liable in respect of) any warranty, assurance,
representation,  undertaking or covenant relating to any budget or forecast
of the  financial or trading position of the Operations after the date of 
this Agreement or the Completion.  13. Nothing in this Schedule shall
operate to limit the liability of any  Vendor (or the remedies available to
the Purchaser) in respect of a  fraudulent act or fraudulent
misrepresentation by any such Vendor.         
---------------------------------  SCHEDULE 5 - Limitations 
---------------------------------     89   SCHEDULE 6 - ANCILLARY
AGREEMENTS   The following agreements are the Ancillary Agreements to be
executed and delivered by the relevant parties at Completion. The
Transitional IT Services Agreement is to be signed simultaneously with this
Agreement and accordingly will not be an "Ancillary Agreement" solely for the
purposes of the deliveries to be made pursuant to Schedule 9.   PART 1 -
TRANSITIONAL SERVICES AGREEMENTS    ------
--------------------------------------- ------------------------------
--------------------  DESCRIPTION OF AGREEMENT PARTIES AGREED FORM 
NUMBER ------ ---------------------------------------
------------------------------ --------------------    ~~   1.
Transitional IT Services Agreement Avecia Limited N/A  and the
Purchaser ------ ---------------------------------------
------------------------------ -------------------- 2. Transitional Services
Agreement The Principal Vendor AF10A  (Spain, Singapore) and the
Purchaser ------ ---------------------------------------
------------------------------ -------------------- 3. Reverse Transitional
Services The Purchaser, Avecia AF10B  Agreement (Spain, Singapore) Limited
and Avecia Inc. ------ ---------------------------------------
------------------------------ -------------------- 4. USA Transitional
Services Agreement Avecia Inc. and the Purchaser AF10C ------
--------------------------------------- ------------------------------
-------------------- 5. UK Transitional Services Agreement Avecia Limited and
AF10D  and the Purchaser ------ ---------------------------------------
------------------------------ --------------------    PART 2 - ONGOING
COMMERCIAL AGREEMENTS    ------ ---------------------------------------
------------------------------ --------------------  DESCRIPTION OF AGREEMENT
PARTIES AGREED FORM  NUMBER ------ ---------------------------------------
------------------------------ --------------------    ~~   1. Site
Services Agreement relating to Avecia Limited and the AF11A  Huddersfield
Purchaser ------ ---------------------------------------
------------------------------ -------------------- 2. Site Services
Agreement relating to Avecia Limited and the AF11B  Blackley
Purchaser ------ ---------------------------------------
------------------------------ -------------------- 3. Manufacturing Services
Agreement Avecia Limited and the AF11C  relating to Grangemouth Biocides
Plant Purchaser ------ ---------------------------------------
------------------------------ -------------------- 4. Analytical Sciences
Group Services Avecia Limited and the AF11D  Agreement Purchaser ------
--------------------------------------- ------------------------------
-------------------- 5. Site Services Agreement for New Avecia Inc. and the
AF11E  Castle Purchaser ----- ----------------------------------------
------------------------------ -------------------- 6. Site Services
Agreement for Avecia Inc. and the AF11F  Wilmington Purchaser ------
--------------------------------------- ------------------------------
-------------------- 7. Supply Agreement re Proxel GXL Avecia Inc. and the
AF11G  Antimicrobial and Vantocil IB (USA) Purchaser ------
--------------------------------------- ------------------------------
-------------------- 8. Supply agreement re Proxel GXL Avecia Limited and the
AF11H ------ ---------------------------------------
------------------------------ --------------------     
---------------------------------  SCHEDULE 6 - Ancillary Agreements 
---------------------------------      90    ------
--------------------------------------- ------------------------------
--------------------  DESCRIPTION OF AGREEMENT PARTIES AGREED FORM 
NUMBER ------ ---------------------------------------
------------------------------ --------------------    ~~   
Antimicrobial (UK) Purchaser ------ ---------------------------------------
------------------------------ --------------------     PART 3 - IP
ASSIGNMENTS, LICENCES OR OTHER AGREEMENTS    ------
--------------------------------------- ------------------------------
--------------------  DESCRIPTION OF AGREEMENT PARTIES AGREED FORM 
NUMBER ------ ---------------------------------------
------------------------------ --------------------    ~~   1. Know-how
Assignment and Licence Avecia Limited and the AF13A  Purchaser ------
--------------------------------------- ------------------------------
-------------------- 2. Regulatory Data Transfer and Access Avecia Limited
and the AF13B  Agreement Purchaser ------
--------------------------------------- ------------------------------
-------------------- 3. Patent Assignment Avecia Limited and the AF13C 
Purchaser ------ ---------------------------------------
------------------------------ -------------------- 4. Patent Assignment
Avecia Inc. and the AF13D  Purchaser ------
--------------------------------------- ------------------------------
-------------------- 5. Trade Mark Assignment Avecia Limited and the AF13E 
Purchaser ------ ---------------------------------------
------------------------------ -------------------- 6. Software Assignment
Agreement Avecia Limited and the AF13F  (RABIT) Purchaser ------
--------------------------------------- ------------------------------
-------------------- 7. Trade Mark Assignment Avecia Inc. and the AF13G 
Purchaser ------ ---------------------------------------
------------------------------ -------------------- 8. Domain Name Assignment
Avecia Limited and the AF13H  Purchaser ------
--------------------------------------- ------------------------------
-------------------- 9. Dainippon Inc. Contract Assignment Avecia Limited and
the AF13I  Purchaser ------ ---------------------------------------
------------------------------ -------------------- 10. Eastman Kodak
Contract Assignment Avecia Limited and the AF13J  Purchaser ------
--------------------------------------- ------------------------------
-------------------- 11. Syngenta Partial Contract Avecia Limited and the
AF13K  Assignment Purchaser ------ ---------------------------------------
------------------------------ --------------------     PART 4 - PROPERTY
DOCUMENTS    ------ ---------------------------------------
------------------------------ --------------------  DESCRIPTION OF AGREEMENT
PARTIES AGREED FORM  NUMBER ------ ---------------------------------------
------------------------------ --------------------    ~~   1. Underlease
agreement relating to Avecia Limited and the AF14A  part of the ground floor
of the North Purchaser  Laboratory at Huddersfield ------
--------------------------------------- ------------------------------
-------------------- 2. Court claims form relating to part of Avecia Limited
and the AF14B  the ground floor of the North Purchaser  Laboratory at
Huddersfield ------ ---------------------------------------
------------------------------ -------------------- 3. Deed of Covenant
relating to part of Avecia Limited AF14C1  the ground floor of the North
Purchaser and Syngenta ------ ---------------------------------------
------------------------------ --------------------    
---------------------------------  SCHEDULE 6 - Ancillary Agreements 
---------------------------------     91     ~~   ------
--------------------------------------- ------------------------------
--------------------  Laboratory at Huddersfield Limited ------
--------------------------------------- ------------------------------
-------------------- 4. Deed of Indemnity relating to part of Avecia Limited
and the AF14C2  North Laboratory at Purchaser  Huddersfield ------
--------------------------------------- ------------------------------
-------------------- 5. Transfer of the Lease for the Avecia Limited and the
AF14D  Specialities East Plant at Purchaser  Huddersfield ------
--------------------------------------- ------------------------------
-------------------- 6. Licence to Assign and Authorised Avecia Limited the
N/A  Guarantee Agreement re the Purchaser and Syngenta  Specialities East
Plant at Limited  Huddersfield ------
--------------------------------------- ------------------------------
-------------------- 7. Assignment of beneficial interest in Avecia Limited
and the AF14E  the Seal Sands land and buildings Purchaser ------
--------------------------------------- ------------------------------
-------------------- 8. Transfer of legal title to the Seal DTBA Limited and
the AF14F  Sands land and buildings Purchaser ------
--------------------------------------- ------------------------------
-------------------- 9. Lease of Biocide 1 and first floor of Avecia Limited
and the AF14G  Biocide 2 buildings, Blackley Purchaser ------
--------------------------------------- ------------------------------
-------------------- 10. Court Claim Form re Biocide 1 and Avecia Limited and
the AF14H  first floor of Biocide 2 buildings, Purchaser  Blackley ------
--------------------------------------- ------------------------------
-------------------- 11. Lease of part of tenth floor, Hexagon Avecia Limited
and the AF14I  Tower, Blackley Purchaser ------
--------------------------------------- ------------------------------
-------------------- 12. Court Claim Form re part of tenth Avecia Limited and
the AF14J  floor, Hexagon Tower, Blackley Purchaser ------
--------------------------------------- ------------------------------
-------------------- 13. Lease Agreement for the Biocides Avecia Inc. and the
AF14K  Pool, New Castle Purchaser ------
--------------------------------------- ------------------------------
-------------------- 14. Lease Agreement for the Lab Parcel, Avecia Inc. and
the AF14L  New Castle Purchaser ------
--------------------------------------- ------------------------------
-------------------- 15. Assignment of Mt Pleasant Ground Avecia Inc. and the
AF14M  lease Purchaser ------ ---------------------------------------
------------------------------ --------------------     PART 5 - OTHER
TRANSACTIONAL DOCUMENTS    ------ ---------------------------------------
------------------------------ --------------------  DESCRIPTION OF AGREEMENT
PARTIES AGREED FORM  NUMBER ------ ---------------------------------------
------------------------------ --------------------    ~~   1. Non-
Competition Agreement Principal Vendor, Avecia AF15A  Limited, Avecia,
Inc.,  Avecia Comercial e  Importada Limitada and  the Purchaser ------
--------------------------------------- ------------------------------
-------------------- 2. Deed of Covenant in favour of Stahl The Target
Companies AF15B  Netherlands I B.V. ------
--------------------------------------- ------------------------------
-------------------- 3. Assignment of the PHMB Avecia Inc. and the AF12A 
Manufacturing Services Agreement Purchaser  with Cytec Industries
Inc. ------ ---------------------------------------
------------------------------ --------------------    
---------------------------------  SCHEDULE 6 - Ancillary Agreements 
---------------------------------     92   SCHEDULE 7 - EMPLOYMENT
MATTERS    [Omitted]*                * This Schedule
contains certain information relating to employee matters, which will be
furnished supplementally to the Commission upon request.      
---------------------------------  SCHEDULE 7 - Employment Matters 
---------------------------------     93   SCHEDULE 8 - EMPLOYEE BENEFIT
MATTERS  [Omitted]*                * This Schedule contains
certain information relating to employee benefits and pension-related
matters, which will be furnished supplementally to the Commission upon
request.       ---------------------------------------  SCHEDULE 8 -
Employment Benefit Matters  ---------------------------------------    
94   SCHEDULE 9 - COMPLETION  1. At Completion, the Principal Vendor shall
or shall procure that the  relevant Vendor shall deliver or make available to
the Purchaser or  a Local Purchaser the following:   1.1 evidence
satisfactory to the Purchaser (acting reasonably)  of the fulfilment of the
Conditions Precedent for which  the Principal Vendor is responsible;   1.2
those Business Assets held by a Business Vendor which are  capable of
transfer by delivery (such delivery to take  place where such Business Assets
are actually located);   1.3 the Ancillary Agreements duly executed by the
relevant  members of Vendors\' Group;   1.4 duly executed documentation
sufficient to transfer (or to  the extent agreed by the Principal Vendor and
the  Purchaser allow the Purchaser to implement the transfer)  into the name
of the Purchaser or the relevant Local  Purchaser all of the Shares held by
the Share Vendors;   1.5 a global release of security over the Shares and
the  Assets of a Business Vendor or a Target Company, and of  the guarantees
by a Target Company granted, in each case,  in favour of JP Morgan Europe
Limited in relation to the  borrowings of the Vendors\' Group;   1.6 the
following property documents:   1.6.1 the title deeds to the Seal Sands
property;   1.6.2 a DS1 executed by Chase Manhattan International  Limited
("CMIL") releasing the Specialties East  Plant, Huddersfield from the
registered charge  dated 30th June 1999 in favour of CMIL;   1.6.3 the
title deeds, including the relevant lease,  to the Specialties East Plant,
Huddersfield;   1.6.4 a letter of consent to the underlease of part of  the
ground floor, North Laboratory, Huddersfield  signed by CMIL as mortgagee
pursuant to a  debenture dated 30th June 1999;   1.6.5 a letter of consent
to the lease of Biocide 1  and first floor, Biocide 2 buildings signed by 
CMIL as mortgagee pursuant to a debenture dated  30th June 1999; and  
1.6.6 a letter of consent to the lease of part of the  tenth floor, Hexagon
Tower signed by CMIL as  mortgagee pursuant to a debenture dated 30th  June
1999;   ---------------------------------  SCHEDULE 9 - Completion 
---------------------------------   95      1.7 an affidavit that the
transfer of the shares of Splashes,  Inc. does not constitute a transfer of a
US real property  interest under Section 897 of the US Internal Revenue
Code  of 1986;   1.8 an affidavit of non-foreign status of the US
Business  Vendor conforming to the model certification in Section 
1.1445-2(b)(2) of the United States Treasury Regulations;  and   1.9 an
assignment of the benefit (insofar as relating to  information pertaining to
the Operations) of the  confidentiality undertakings entered into between
Goldman  Sachs International and prospective purchasers of the  Operations,
together with (i) copies of the relevant  confidentiality undertakings and
(ii) copies of any  notices or demands served on such prospective
purchasers  for the return or destruction of information or documents.  2.
At Completion the Principal Vendor shall procure that the following  occur,
provided that sufficient notice is given by the Purchaser to  allow the same
to occur at Completion:   2.1 any person nominated by the Purchaser for
appointment as a  director, secretary, auditor or other officer of each 
Target Company shall (subject only to being qualified so  to act) be so
appointed;   2.2 if requested by the Purchaser, each of the current 
directors, secretaries or other officers of the Target  Companies (other than
those who are Employees) shall  resign or be removed from office without
compensation; and   2.3 if requested by the Purchaser, the current auditors
of  each Target Company shall, where permissible, resign or be  removed from
office without compensation.  3. At Completion, the Purchaser shall (for
itself and on behalf of the  Local Purchasers as appropriate) pay to the
Principal Vendor (for  itself and on behalf of the other Vendors as
appropriate) by  electronic transfer of cleared funds for same day value to
the  Principal Vendor\'s Bank Account an amount which is equal to 
US$200,258,000, being the number calculated in accordance with  Clause
4.1.1.  4. At Completion, the Purchaser shall deliver to the US Business
Vendor  a certificate or certificates representing the Completion 
Consideration Shares, which shall be in definitive form and  registered in
the name of the US Business Vendor and in a single  certificate or in such
other denominations as the US Business Vendor  shall request not later than
five Business Days prior to the  Completion Date.  5. At Completion:  
5.1 the Purchaser shall (on behalf of the Target Companies)  pay to the
Principal Vendor (on behalf of the relevant  member of the Vendors\' Group)
by electronic transfer of  cleared funds for same day value to the  
---------------------------------  SCHEDULE 9 - Completion 
---------------------------------     96   Principal Vendor\'s Bank
Account an amount equal to the  Estimated Intra-Group Payables attributable
to the Target  Companies; and   5.2 the Principal Vendor on behalf of the
relevant members of  the Vendors\' Group shall pay to the Purchaser on behalf
of  the Target Companies an amount equal to the Estimated  Intra-Group
Receivables attributable to the Target  Companies.   The Principal Vendor
may direct that any sums it would be liable to  pay under paragraph 5.2 shall
be off-set against sums it is to  receive under paragraph 3 or paragraph 5.1.
Any such off-set shall  not relieve the Purchaser of its obligation to
account to the Target  Companies for the sum which, but for such off-set, it
would have  received on their behalf.  6. At Completion, the Purchaser
shall or shall procure that the  relevant Local Purchaser shall deliver or
make available to the  Principal Vendor:   7.1 evidence satisfactory to the
Principal Vendor (acting  reasonably) of the fulfilment of the Conditions
Precedent  for which the Purchaser is responsible; and   7.2 the Ancillary
Agreements duly executed by the Purchaser or  the relevant Local
Purchaser.  8. Each of the parties shall, subject to sufficient advance
notice of  the relevant request being received to allow the same to occur
at  Completion, at Completion do or procure that there is done all such 
acts reasonably in its power and/or execute and deliver all such  further
documents as such other party may reasonably consider  necessary for giving
full effect to this Agreement and the  transactions and agreements
contemplated by this Agreement.  9. If the New Castle Release Condition is
satisfied on or before the  Completion Date, the Purchaser shall at
Completion deliver to the US  Business Vendor a certificate or certificates
representing the New  Castle Consideration Shares, which shall be in
definitive form and  registered in the name of the US Business Vendor and in
a single  certificate or in such denominations as the US Business Vendor
shall  request not later than five Business Days prior to the Completion 
Date.   ---------------------------------  SCHEDULE 9 - Completion 
---------------------------------     97   SCHEDULE 10 - DEFINITIONS AND
INTERPRETATION  1. DEFINITIONS  In this Agreement, the following words and
expressions shall bear the meanings given to them below:  "2002 Accounts"
means the unaudited non-statutory financial statements of the Operations as
at and for the year ended 31st December 2002 in the Agreed
Form AF1A;  "2003 Accounts" means the unaudited non-statutory financial
statements of the Operations as at and for the year ended on the Accounts
Date in the Agreed Form AF1B;  "Accounts Date" means 31st December
2003;  "Actual Cash/Indebtedness Statements" means the Intra-Group
Indebtedness Statement, the Third Party Indebtedness Statement and the Cash
Statement;  "Actuary\'s Letter" means the letter from Hewitt Bacon and Woodrow
to Lane Clark and Peacock in the Agreed Form AF15C;  "Agreed Form" means a
form agreed between or identified by the parties for the purposes of this
Agreement and signed or initialled for identification purposes by them or on
their behalf;  "Ancillary Agreements" means the agreements described in
Schedule 6;  "Assets" means the Business Assets and all the property, rights
and assets owned by any of the Target Companies;  "Assigned Know-how" means
all Know-how owned by the Business Vendors and used exclusively in the Target
Businesses in the twelve months prior to Completion;  "Associated Company"
means a company which is from time to time a subsidiary of the party
concerned or which is a holding company of such party or a subsidiary of such
holding company;  "Audited Non-Statutory Accounts" means the non-statutory
financial statements of the Operations (including a statement of income and
statement of cash flows for the year to 31st December 2001, a balance sheet,
statement of shareholders\' equity, statement of income and statement of cash
flows as at and for the year to 31st December 2002 and a balance sheet,
statement of shareholders\' equity, statement of income and statement of cash
flows as at and for the year to 31st December 2003) prepared and audited in
accordance with UK GAAP together with an audited reconciliation of such
financial statements to a US GAAP basis of preparation;  "Avecia\'s Benefit
Plans" is defined in paragraph 1.4, Part 1 of Schedule 7;  "Avecia Payment
Creditors" means those Creditors which are (i) creditors ledger items,
accruals for goods received not invoiced or accruals for manufacturing,
production or operational services and tolling, or (ii) non-trade operating
creditors owed by the Business Vendors as at the Effective Time to the extent
they arose in   --------------------------------------------  SCHEDULE 10 -
Definitions and Interpretation 
--------------------------------------------     98  connection with the
Operations, relating to deductions made from payroll processing, including
but not limited to amounts owing in respect of payroll taxes, social
security, and payments to pension funds;  "Base Allocation" means, in
respect of any Transfer of Operations, the amount shown in the Transaction
Breakdown;  "Base Spanish Working Capital" means the Base Working Capital in
respect of the Spanish Operations, as shown in the Transaction
Breakdown;  "Base Working Capital" means the amount shown in the Transaction
Breakdown;  "Basic Warranties" means the Warranties set out at the following
paragraphs of Schedule 4: 1 (Authority and Capacity); 2 (Accuracy and
Adequacy of Information); 3.1 (2002 Accounts and 2003 Accounts); 3.2
(Accounting and Other Records); 4.5 (Insolvency); 5.1 (Arrangements with
Connected Persons); 6.2.2 (non-contracted payments to Employees) 6.3 (Change
of Control); 8.1.1 (Title to Assets); 8.1.3 and 8.1.4 (Title to Shares);
8.4.6 and 8.4.7 (Title to and Sufficiency of IP); 8.4.9 (No Conflicts with
IP); 8.6 (Sufficiency of Assets); 8.7 (Target Companies\' Assets and
Activities); 9 (Banking and Finance), 10 (Competition and Fair Trading); 11
(Conduct of the Operations) and 21 (Consideration Shares);  "Biocides
Exclusive Data" bears the meaning assigned to it under the Regulatory Data
Transfer and Access Agreement in the Agreed Form AF13B;  "Books and Records"
means the Business Vendors\' books and records as at the Effective Time (in
whatever form) (including details of customers and suppliers and the terms of
trading with them) to the extent that they relate to the
Business;  "Business" means:  (i) the research, design, development,
manufacture, packaging,  distribution, marketing, sale and/or provision of
anti-microbials  (including, but not limited to, bactericides, algaecides,
virucides  and fungicides), in each case:   (a) to provide non-medicinal
and non-phytochemical  anti-microbial effects to consumers; and/or   (b)
for the preservation, odour control and disinfection of  industrial and
recreational media, such media including,  but not limited to, aqueous
emulsions, solutions and  suspensions, household and personal care products,
mineral  slurries, inks, agrochemicals, adhesives, sealants, dyes, 
pigments, paper, starches, industrial cleaning products,  metal working
fluids, paints, architectural structures,  chemicals, plastics materials,
textiles, leather, timber,  pet litter and water systems (including, but not
limited  to, baths, pools and spas);  (ii) the research, design,
development, manufacture, packaging,  distribution, marketing, sale and/or
provision of automated  micro-organism and biocides enumeration technologies
in the fields  defined in sub-paragraphs (i)(a) and (i)(b) above;  
--------------------------------------------  SCHEDULE 10 - Definitions and
Interpretation  --------------------------------------------    
99  (iii) the research, design, development, manufacture, packaging, 
distribution, marketing, sale and/or provision of (a) chemicals  other than
anti-microbials (including but not limited to fragrances,  filtration aids,
cleaners, oxidizers and titrants for water testing)  for use in the treatment
of recreational water; (b) equipment  accessory products for use in the
maintenance of pools, baths and  spas; and (c) aromatherapy candles;  (iv)
(a) the research, design, development, manufacture, packaging,  distribution,
marketing, sale and/or provision of any and  all products currently or in the
past three years sold,  offered for sale, designed, developed,
manufactured,  packaged, distributed or marketed using any of the 
Intellectual Property on the Intellectual Property List  and/or any of the
Assigned Know-how (other than by using  any of the Assigned Know-how licensed
back to the Business  Vendors or any of them in the Avecia\'s Field (as
defined  in the Know-how Assignment and Licence Agreement in the  Agreed
Form AF13A) pursuant to the Know-how Assignment and  Licence Agreement);
and   (b) the research, design, development, manufacture, packaging, 
distribution, marketing, sale and/or provision of the  "Biocides Exclusive
Compounds" listed on the Products  List, including but not limited to 
polyhexamethylenebiguanide ("PHMB"), benzisothiazolinone  (BIT),
N-butylbenzisothiazolin-3-one (BBIT),  Dithio-2,2-bis (benzmethylamide)
(DTBA) and Hexamethylene  bis dicyanodiamide (HMBDA), without limitation of
field,   EXCLUDING, for the avoidance of doubt in the case of sub-
paragraphs  (iv)(a) and (iv)(b) above, the research, design, development, 
manufacture, packaging, distribution, marketing, sale and/or  provision of
any and all non-anti-microbial inkjet printing products  which contain PHMB
(but not PHMB itself) and the purification, anion  exchange, packaging,
distribution, marketing, re-sale and/or  provision of PHMB (but for avoidance
of doubt, not the research,  design, development of PHMB for any application
other than for  non-anti-microbial applications in the inkjet printing market
or the  manufacture of PHMB) for use in non-anti-microbial applications 
solely in the inkjet printing market,  and for the purposes of this
definition the sale of anti-microbials (including, but not limited to, PHMB)
to third parties for use in formulations for topical disinfection (including,
but not limited to, wound treatment and/or contact lens cleaning) does not
constitute the sale of anti-microbials to provide a medicinal effect to
consumers; and for the avoidance of doubt the terms "medicinal" and "non-
medicinal" apply to both humans and animals;  "Business Assets"
means:  (i) the Plant and Equipment;  (ii) the Stock;  (iii) the
Debtors;   --------------------------------------------  SCHEDULE 10 -
Definitions and Interpretation 
--------------------------------------------     100  (iv) the
Goodwill;  (v) the Business IP;  (vi) the Books and Records;  (vii) the
benefit (subject to the burden) of the Contracts;  (viii) the Business
Properties;  (ix) any Permits of a Business Vendor that are capable of
transfer to the  Purchaser or a Local Purchaser in accordance with Clause
13.13;  (x) the benefit (so far as the same can lawfully be assigned or 
transferred to or held in trust for the Purchaser or a Local  Purchaser) of
the Claims (including but not limited to the right to  receive the proceeds
of any claim under any insurance policy of any  Vendor in respect of any
Business Liability);  (xi) the Biocides Exclusive Data and the Assigned
Know-how; and  (xii) all other property, assets and rights of the Business
Vendors (not  being Intellectual Property, Regulatory Data or Know-how, which
are  addressed at (v) and (xi) above) primarily used in the Operations or 
in connection with the Business Properties at Completion,  but, in each
case, not including the Excluded Assets;  "Business Day" means a day (other
than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which banks are open for normal
business both in London and New York City;  "Business IP" or "Business
Intellectual Property" means:  (i) the Intellectual Property (other than the
Excluded IP and  Intellectual Property in computer software) owned by the
Business  Vendors which at Completion is or has been used or enjoyed 
predominantly in connection with the Target Businesses including  without
limitation the registered (and applications for registration  of)
Intellectual Property set out in the list in the Agreed Form AF4  but
excluding any and all Intellectual Property owned by the  Business Vendors in
Regulatory Data and Know-how other than any  Intellectual Property owned by
the Business Vendors in the Biocides  Exclusive Data and the Assigned Know-
how; and  (ii) the Intellectual Property owned by the Business Vendors in
computer  software which at Completion is or has been used or enjoyed 
exclusively in connection with the Target Businesses;  "Business
Liabilities" means:  (i) the Creditors;  (ii) all other Liabilities of the
Business Vendors incurred in relation  to or in carrying on the Business and
existing, outstanding or in  force at Completion or arising, accruing or
assessed after  Completion in consequence of any  
--------------------------------------------  SCHEDULE 10 - Definitions and
Interpretation  --------------------------------------------     101  
transaction or event incurred or entered into or occurring in  relation to or
in carrying on the Business prior thereto including  without limitation, the
Liabilities assumed under Clause 10.3;  (iii) Liabilities relating to the
Environment insofar as they relate to or  arise from the Business Assets or
the Operations;  (iv) any other Liabilities included in the Completion
Working Capital  Statement; and  (v) all Liabilities otherwise expressly
assumed by the Purchaser under  this Agreement,  but, in each case,
excluding the Excluded Liabilities and the Insured Liabilities;  "Business
Properties" means the freehold and leasehold properties and interests in real
property in each case vested in the Business Vendors at the date of this
Agreement and specified as such in the Property List;  "Cash" means cash on
hand or credited to an account with a financial institution;  "Cash
Determination Date" means the date on which the process described in Part 2
of Schedule 3 for the agreement or determination of the Cash Statement is
complete;  "Cash Statement" means a statement of the Target Companies Cash
to be prepared pursuant to Clause 4 in accordance with the provisions of Part
2 of Schedule 3 as agreed (or deemed to be agreed) or as finally determined
in accordance with the relevant provisions of Schedule 3;  "Claimant" bears
the meaning given in Clause 8.1;  "Claims" means all rights and claims of
the Business Vendors arising at any time (whether before or after Completion)
out of or in connection with the Business (whether arising under any
warranties, conditions, guarantees, indemnities, contracts, agreements (in
each case whether express or implied) or otherwise howsoever) insofar as they
relate to any of the Business Assets or any Business Liability but excluding
rights and claims under (i) any insurance policy (save to the extent
expressly included in the definition of Business Assets) or (ii) without
prejudice to the Environmental Deed of Assignment, the agreements by which
the Principal Vendor and certain of its Associated Companies contracted to
acquire the Zeneca Specialties business from Zeneca Limited and others in
1999;  "Completion" means the completion to occur pursuant to Clause
6.1;  "Completion Consideration Shares" means 446,500 shares of common stock
of the Purchaser less, in the event that a Delayed Completion is required
under Clause 4.25, the number of Spanish Consideration Shares (such number of
shares to be appropriately adjusted in the event of any share split,
stock combination, stock dividend or similar reclassification or other
change applicable to shares of common stock of the Purchaser after the date
of this Agreement and before the issuance of the Completion Consideration
Shares);   --------------------------------------------  SCHEDULE 10 -
Definitions and Interpretation 
--------------------------------------------     102  "Completion Date"
means the date on which Completion occurs;  "Completion Spanish Working
Capital" means the amount of net consolidated working capital of the Spanish
Operations as at the effective time of the Delayed Completion as set out in
the Completion Spanish Working Capital Statement;  "Completion Spanish
Working Capital Statement" means the statement of the consolidated net
working capital of the Spanish Operations as at the effective time of the
Delayed Completion as agreed (or deemed to be agreed) or as finally
determined in accordance with the relevant provisions of Schedule
3;  "Completion Working Capital" means, the amount of consolidated net
working capital of the Target Companies and the Target Businesses as at the
Effective Time as set out in the Completion Working Capital
Statement;  "Completion Working Capital Determination Date" means the date
on which the process described in Part 2 of Schedule 3 for the agreement or
determination of the Completion Working Capital Statement is
complete;  "Completion Working Capital Statement" means the statement of the
consolidated net working capital of the Target Companies and the Target
Businesses as at the Effective Time as agreed (or deemed to be agreed) or as
finally determined in accordance with the relevant provisions of Schedule
3;  "Conditions Precedent" means the conditions to Completion set out in
Clause 3.1;  "Confidentiality Agreement" means the confidentiality
agreement dated 4th June 2003 between the Purchaser and Goldman Sachs
International;  "Consideration Shares" means the shares of common stock of
the Purchaser to be issued to the US Business Vendor as Completion
Consideration Shares, New Castle Consideration Shares or Delayed
Consideration Shares in partial satisfaction of the Purchase Price, in
accordance with Schedule 9;  "Contracts" means any contract, agreement or
other legally binding arrangement, whether oral or written, entered into by
any of the Business Vendors and subsisting at Completion (including, without
limitation, contracts with customers or suppliers of goods or services and
operating or finance leases and licences and agreements relating to
Intellectual Property) to the extent it relates to the Business provided that
(i) any such contract or agreement shall not be a "Contract" to the extent it
relates to an Excluded Asset or an Excluded Liability, (ii) where a Contract
is of a type dealt with more specifically in this Agreement (such as
employment agreements) and those other provisions are inconsistent with the
provisions relating to Contracts generally, such more specific provisions
shall prevail and (iii) the term "Contracts" shall not include those
agreements for the supply of goods, services or utilities to the Vendors\'
Group the benefit of which is to be provided to the Purchaser or a Local
Purchaser under the Ancillary Agreements;  "Conversion Rate" means the
average of the spot selling and buying rates for a transaction between the
two currencies in question as quoted on the relevant Reuters page as at the
close of business (London time) on the Business Day prior to the  
--------------------------------------------  SCHEDULE 10 - Definitions and
Interpretation  --------------------------------------------    
103  Relevant Conversion Date (as defined in paragraph 3 of this Schedule)
or, if no such rate is quoted on that date, on the preceding date on which
such rates are quoted;  "CP Satisfaction Date" means the date on which the
Conditions Precedent in Clause 3.1 are all satisfied or deemed to be
satisfied or waived;  "Creditors" means all amounts owed by a Business
Vendor as at the Effective Time to the extent they arose in connection with
the Business (whether or not due and payable) and including without
limitation amounts owed to trade creditors for the supply of goods or
services but excluding Indebtedness;  "Cumulative Gross (Variable) Margin"
means net sales less costs of raw materials and intermediates less variable
production cost less variable selling and distribution expenses;  "Current
Use" means, in relation to the Properties, the use given for such Property in
the Property List;  "Data Room" means the documents listed in Appendices 1
and 2 to the Disclosure Letter;  "Debtors\'" means the book and other debts
receivable by or owing to the Business Vendors to the extent that they arose
in connection with the Business (and whether or not yet due or payable) as at
the Effective Time but excluding:  (i) debts owing by any employee who is
not an Employee;  (ii) debts due from any Taxation Authority; and  (iii)
Cash;  "Delayed Consideration Shares" means the number of shares of common
stock of the Purchaser equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) US$5.0
million minus the Pension Deficit Reduction Adjustment Amount by (ii)
US$22.3964, but not to exceed 223,250 shares (such number of shares to be
appropriately adjusted in the event of any share split, stock combination,
stock dividend or similar reclassification or other change applicable to
shares of common stock of the Purchaser after the date of this Agreement and
before the issuance of the Delayed Consideration Shares);  "Delayed Share
Issue Date" means the date falling ten Business Days after the date on which
the payment required by paragraph 5.1 (and, if applicable, paragraph 7.2) of
Part 2 of Schedule 8 is made;  "Disclosure Letter" means the letter of even
date with this Agreement from the Principal Vendor to the Purchaser (together
with its attachments) disclosing:  (i) information constituting exceptions
to the Warranties; and  (ii) details of other matters referred to in this
Agreement;   "Effective Time" means 23:59 hours on the Completion Date;  
--------------------------------------------  SCHEDULE 10 - Definitions and
Interpretation  --------------------------------------------    
104  "Employee Benefit Arrangements" means the schemes or arrangements
operated or maintained by the Business Vendors or Target Companies or in
which the Business Vendors or any Target Company participates or contributes
in respect of Employees (other than (i) mandatory state or statutory social
security, unemployment, insurance, workers compensation or pension
arrangements and (ii) schemes relating solely to the issue or transfer or
ownership of shares in Avecia Holdings plc) and providing for benefits
payable during employment or on retirement, death or disability and voluntary
withdrawal from or involuntary termination of employment, including each
"employee benefit plan" within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA and each
other life assurance, accidental death and dismemberment schemes, medical
benefit arrangements (including retiree medical benefits) and termination
indemnity payments, profit sharing, incentive arrangements, life, accident
and health insurances, hospitalisation, savings, holiday, holiday bonus,
vacation, severance pay, sick pay, sick leave, tuition refund, service
awards, company car, scholarship, relocation or any other employee or
executive benefits;  "Employee List" means the list in the Agreed Form
AF3;  "Employees" means the Target Companies Employees, the US Employees,
the UK Employees and the Overseas Employees;  "Employment Costs" means, in
respect of any Employee, a sum equivalent to the aggregate of (i) the amount
payable or paid to or in respect of the employment of the relevant Employee
(including, but not limited to, salary, wages, tax and social security
contributions, employer\'s pension contributions, bonus, insurance premia,
payments or allowances or any other consideration for employment) and (ii)
the cost of providing any non-cash benefits, which the employer is required
to provide, by law or contract or customarily provides in connection with
such employment;  "Employment Liabilities" means any and all Liabilities
arising out of or connected with employment or the employment relationship,
or termination of employment, or of the employment relationship (including,
but not limited to, all Liabilities in connection with any claim for
redundancy pay, or damages or compensation for unfair or wrongful dismissal
or breach of contract);  "Encumbrance" means any charge, mortgage, security,
lien, option, equity, power of sale, hypothecation or other similar third
party right;  "Environment" has the meaning given in the Environmental
Deed;  "Environmental Deed" means the environmental deed of covenant dated
30th June 1999 among Zeneca Limited (now Syngenta Limited) and others,
AstraZeneca plc and the Principal Vendor;  "Environmental Deed of
Assignment" means the deed in the Agreed Form AF8 to be entered into between
the Principal Vendor, the Purchaser and the Local Purchasers at
Completion;  "Environmental Laws" has the meaning given in the Environmental
Deed provided that all references to Completion in such definition in the
Environmental Deed shall be deemed to be references to the date of this
Agreement;   --------------------------------------------  SCHEDULE 10 -
Definitions and Interpretation 
--------------------------------------------     105  "Environmental
Liabilities" has the meaning given in the Environmental
Deed;  "Environmental Permits" means all Permits required under
Environmental Laws to conduct the Operations;  "Environmental Pooling
Agreement" means the deeds of adherence in the Agreed Form AF9 to be entered
into between the Principal Vendor and the Purchaser and the Local Purchaser
at Completion;  "Environmental Warranties" means the Warranties set out at
paragraph 4.4 of Schedule 4;  "Equity Schemes" means (i) the schemes or
arrangements operated or maintained by the Business Vendors or Target
Companies or in which any Business Vendor, Target Company or Employee
participates or contributes in respect of Employees (including any individual
arrangement with any Employee) that relate to the issue or transfer or
ownership of shares in Avecia Holdings plc and (ii) the arrangements set out
in paragraph 5.1.3 (b) of the Disclosure Letter;  "ERISA" means the US
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended;  "Estimated
Cash" means the amount of Cash shown in the Transaction
Breakdown;  "Estimated Intra-Group Indebtedness" means the aggregate of the
Estimated Intra-Group Payables of the Target Companies minus the aggregate of
the Estimated Intra-Group Receivables of the Target Companies;  "Estimated
Intra-Group Payables" means, in respect of each Target Company, the amount of
Intra-Group Payables shown in the Transaction Breakdown;  "Estimated Intra-
Group Receivables" means, in respect of each Target Company, the amount of
Intra-Group Receivables shown in the Transaction Breakdown;  "Estimated
Third Party Indebtedness" means the amount of Third Party Indebtedness shown
in the Transaction Breakdown;  "Exchange Act" means the US Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;  "Excluded Assets" means:  (i) any Cash
of the Business Vendors;  (ii) the benefit of or sums owed under any
insurance policy relating to  the Operations or otherwise incepted by or on
behalf of the Vendors\'  Group (save to the extent expressly included in the
definition of  Business Assets);  (iii) any rights in or to the Excluded
Names;  (iv) any right to receive a repayment of Taxation and (to the
extent  possible to exclude from the sale and purchase under this
Agreement)  any other Taxation benefit or advantage of the Business Vendors 
(including losses, reliefs, deductions or credits available in  computing
liability for Taxation) to the extent  
--------------------------------------------  SCHEDULE 10 - Definitions and
Interpretation  --------------------------------------------     106  
that such right, benefit or advantage relates to Taxation that is an 
Excluded Liability;  (v) the benefit of any amount owed at the Effective
Time to the Business  Vendors by another member of the Vendors\' Group (other
than the  Target Companies and other than ordinary course trading balances 
included in calculating Completion Working Capital);  (vi) the following
assets at the Grangemouth site:   (a) caustic storage tank 46/222 and
associated equipment;   (b) HCI storage tank 43/233 and associated
equipment;   (c) main plant effluent tank;   (d) biocides finished product
warehouse and associated storage  slab;   (e) North Site, West area storage
slab;   (f) the warm room that is used to heat IBCs of Bisulphate and 
other non-biocides products;  (vii) photocopiers at the Blackley
site;  (viii) assets primarily used by the Vendors\' Group prior to
Completion to  provide services to the Target Businesses and Target Companies
under  the Ancillary Agreements; (ix) any rights in the Vendors\' Group 
business information processing systems including without limitation  SAP or
network servers on which such systems run;  (x) the contract between the US
Business Vendor and Ceridian Corporation  relating to the provision of human
resource and payroll services  dated 31st July 2002; and  (xi) any other
asset of the Business Vendors which is not primarily used  in the conduct of
the Business;  "Excluded IP" means the Excluded Names and any registered or
unregistered trade marks, logos or other devices incorporating the Excluded
Names and the domain name aveciabiocides.com;  "Excluded Liabilities" means
any Liabilities of the Business Vendors (other than those included in the
Completion Working Capital Statement to the extent so included) to the extent
they represent:  (i) Indebtedness or any security, guarantee or indemnity in
respect of  Indebtedness;  (ii) Taxation (other than Taxation relating to
Employees);   --------------------------------------------  SCHEDULE 10 -
Definitions and Interpretation 
--------------------------------------------     107  (iii) any sum owed
at Completion by the Business Vendors to another member  of the Vendors\'
Group (other than the Target Companies other than  ordinary course trading
balances included in calculating Completion  Working Capital);  (iv) any
Liability to the extent expressly reserved to a Business Vendor  or in
respect of which and to the extent an indemnity or covenant to  pay is given
by the Principal Vendor under this Agreement;  (v) any Liability relating to
or arising from Equity Schemes;  (vi) any Liability in respect of the
arrangements described at paragraph  6.3(a) of the Disclosure
Letter;  (vii) any Liability in respect of the removal of asbestos as
described at  paragraph 4.4.5 of the Disclosure Letter;  (viii) any
Liability in respect of the Rodriguez claim referred to at  paragraph 4.3 of
the Disclosure Letter;  (ix) any Liability in respect of the enhanced
severance terms (including  enhanced notice periods) for Shivers,
Heffelfinger, Polkus, Sipple,  Dever, Giofre, Palermo, Herriott and Kenline
referred to at  paragraphs 6.1.2 or 6.1.11 of the Disclosure Letter to the
extent  the relevant employee is dismissed by the Purchaser, or a Local 
Purchaser, prior to the first anniversary of Completion and then  only to the
extent such Liability exceeds the regular severance  benefits that would be
payable under the written terms of the Avecia  Severance Plan (as defined in
paragraph 1 of Part 1 of Schedule 8)  as in effect on the date of this
Agreement determined as if, solely  for purposes of determining the Liability
excluded by this paragraph  (ix), the Avecia Severance Plan was in effect at
such time; and  (x) any fines or penalties imposed by the Florida Department
of  Agriculture and Consumer Services in respect of the lack of 
registration issue referred to at paragraph 4.1(vii) of the  Disclosure
Letter, to the extent such fines or penalties relate to  sales of the
relevant product made prior to Completion;  "Excluded Names" means the name
"Avecia" and any other names confusingly similar to its logos;  "Freehold
Properties" means those of the Properties identified in the Property List as
being freehold or owned in fee simple by a Business Vendor or a
Target Company;  "Goodwill" means the goodwill of the Business Vendors in
connection with the Business together with the exclusive right (so far as the
Business Vendors have the right to grant the same) for the Purchaser or the
relevant Local Purchaser to represent itself as carrying on the Target
Businesses in succession to the Business Vendors and includes the goodwill
associated with the trade marks included in the Business IP but excludes all
other goodwill associated with the Excluded Names or any trade marks or names
not included in the Business IP;  "HSR Act" bears the meaning given in
Clause 3.1.1;    --------------------------------------------  SCHEDULE 10
- Definitions and Interpretation 
--------------------------------------------     108  "Indebtedness"
means:  (i) all monies borrowed or raised from any persons outside the
Vendors\'  Group (whether under or not under normal commercial lending terms
or  upon the issue of bills, bonds, debentures, notes, loan stock or  other
evidence of indebtedness or borrowing);  (ii) obligations in respect of
foreign exchange contracts and all  derivative instruments (including,
without limitation, any interest  or currency protection, hedging or
financial future transactions) of  the Operations; and  (iii) obligations
in respect of any guarantee, counter-indemnity, letter  of credit, indemnity
or similar assurance against the financial loss  of any person other than the
Target Companies;  "Information Technology" means computer hardware,
software, networks and/or other information technology whether embedded or
otherwise;  "Insured Liabilities" means the Lechner, Stepler and potential
employment related personal injury claims referred to at paragraph 4.3 of the
Disclosure Letter together with legal defence costs incurred in connection
with such claims, provided that any portion of such claim or costs in respect
of which the Vendors\' Group is not actually covered by insurance (and for
the avoidance of doubt the amount of any deductible is not to be treated as
being covered by insurance) shall not be an "Insured Liability" and shall be
a "Business Liability";  "Intellectual Property" or "IP" means trade marks
and service marks and all goodwill associated with such marks, trade names,
business names, logos, get-up, patents, inventions, registered and
unregistered design rights, copyrights (including copyrights in computer
software), semi-conductor topography rights, database rights and all other
similar proprietary rights which may subsist in any part of the world
(whether or not registered) and including, where such rights are obtained or
enhanced by registration, any registration of such rights and applications
including, without limitation, pending patent applications, and rights to
apply for such registrations;  "Intellectual Property List" means the list
of Intellectual Property in the Agreed Form AF4;  "Interest Rate" means
LIBOR plus 2%, accruing daily and compounding on the last Business Day of
each calendar quarter;  "Intra-Group Indebtedness" means the aggregate
amount of the Intra-Group Payables minus the aggregate amount of the Intra-
Group Receivables of the Target Companies;  "Intra-Group Indebtedness
Determination Date" means the date on which the process described in Part 2
of Schedule 3 for the agreement or determination of the Intra-Group
Indebtedness Statement is complete;  "Intra-Group Indebtedness Statement"
means a statement of Intra-Group Indebtedness identifying separately each of
the Intra-Group Payables and Intra-Group Receivables to be prepared pursuant
to Clause 4 in accordance with the provisions of  
--------------------------------------------  SCHEDULE 10 - Definitions and
Interpretation  --------------------------------------------    
109  Part 2 of Schedule 3 as agreed (or deemed to be agreed) or as
finally determined in accordance with the relevant provisions of Schedule
3;  "Intra-Group Payables" means all outstanding loans or other liabilities
or obligations owed by a Target Company to a member of Vendors\' Group as at
the Effective Time, but excluding any item which falls to be included
in calculating Target Companies Cash, Third Party Indebtedness or
Completion Working Capital;  "Intra-Group Receivables" means all
outstanding loans or other liabilities or obligations owed by a member of the
Vendors\' Group to a Target Company as at the Effective Time, but excluding
any item which falls to be included in calculating Target Companies Cash,
Third Party Indebtedness or Completion Working Capital;  "Know-how" means
confidential industrial, technical or commercial information and techniques
in any form (including paper, electronically stored data, magnetic media,
film and microfilm) including (without limiting the foregoing) drawings,
laboratory notebooks, formulae, test results, reports, research reports,
project reports and testing procedures, shop practices, instruction and
training manuals, tables of operating conditions, market forecasts, marketing
methods and procedures, show-how and advertising copy but
excluding Regulatory Data;  "Leasehold Properties" means those of the
Properties identified in the Property List as being leased by a Business
Vendor or a Target Company;  "Liabilities" means all liabilities, duties and
obligations of every description, whether deriving from contract, common law,
statute or otherwise, whether present or future, actual or contingent,
ascertained or unascertained or disputed and whether owed or incurred
severally or jointly or as principal or surety;  "LIBOR" means in respect
of pounds sterling or euros or US dollars, the London inter-bank offered rate
for three month deposits of the relevant currency quoted by the Financial
Times in London on the first Business Day of each calendar quarter (or if no
such rate is quoted on that day, on the first preceding day on which such a
rate was quoted);  "Local Agreements" means the agreements for the sale and
purchase of the Shares and/or Business Assets (and assumption of Business
Liabilities) in particular jurisdictions;  "Local Purchasers" means the
persons nominated pursuant to Clause 2.5 to purchase any of the Shares or the
Business Assets (and assume the Business Liabilities);  "Long Stop Date"
means 31st August 2004;  "Losses" means all losses, Liabilities, costs
(including without limitation reasonable legal costs), charges and
expenses;  "Material Adverse Change" means any materially adverse change or
effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), turnover, results of
operations, business, properties or assets of the Operations taken as a whole
(not being an event affecting or likely to affect to a similar extent
generally companies carrying on a similar business or businesses in the
territories within which the Operations carry on business);  
--------------------------------------------  SCHEDULE 10 - Definitions and
Interpretation  --------------------------------------------    
110  "Material Breach of Undertaking" means a breach in any material respect
by the Principal Vendor of any of its undertakings in Clause 5.2 or Clause
6.3;  "Material Breach of Warranty" means:  (i) as of the date of this
Agreement (except to the extent expressly  made as of a specified date, in
which case as of such specified  date), any failure of the Warranties, to the
extent the Warranties  are qualified by materiality or material adverse
effect, to be true  and correct, and any failure of the Warranties, to the
extent the  Warranties are not so qualified, to be true and correct in all 
material respects; and  (ii) as of the Completion Date (except to the extent
expressly made as of  a specified date, in which case as of such specified
date), (A) any  failure of the Basic Warranties, to the extent the Basic
Warranties  are qualified by materiality or material adverse effect, to be
true  and correct, and any failure of the Basic Warranties, to the extent 
the Basic Warranties are not so qualified, to be true and correct in  all
material respects, and (B) any failure of the Non-Basic  Warranties to be
true and correct, except to the extent that the  facts or matters as to which
the Non-Basic Warranties are not true  and correct as of such date (without
giving effect to any  qualifications as to materiality or material adverse
effect set  forth therein), individually or in the aggregate, do not have
and  would not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse
Change;  "Material Contracts" bears the meaning given in paragraph 5.2.1 of
Schedule 4;  "New Castle Consideration Shares" means 223,250 shares of
common stock of the Purchaser (such number of shares to be appropriately
adjusted in the event of any share split, stock combination, stock dividend
or similar reclassification or other change applicable to shares of common
stock of the Purchaser after the date of this Agreement and before the
issuance of the New Castle Consideration Shares);  "New Castle Lab Lease"
means the document in the Agreed Form AF14L;  "New Castle Lab Property"
means the property which is the subject of the New Castle Lab Lease and which
is located at 235 Cherry Lane, New Castle, Delaware, USA;  "New Castle
Release Condition" means the first to occur of the following circumstances
(i) and (ii):  (i) the delivery to the Purchaser of all of:   (a) a
recordable original of the New Castle Lab Lease or a  memorandum thereof,
duly executed by the US Business  Vendor and subject only to Permitted
Encumbrances (as such  term is defined in the New Castle Lab Lease);   (b)
a release of that certain mortgage ("Mortgage") held by  Chase Manhattan
International Limited ("CMIL") dated 30th  June 1999 in the original amount
of US$16,500,000 with  respect to the New Castle Lab Property or a  non-
disturbance agreement from CMIL, in a form  
--------------------------------------------  SCHEDULE 10 - Definitions and
Interpretation  --------------------------------------------     111  
reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser, in respect of the  New Castle Lab
Lease; and   (c) an opinion from Delaware counsel in a form acceptable to 
the Purchaser acting reasonably opining that the New  Castle Lab Lease is
valid and enforceable under the laws  of the State of Delaware; or  (ii)
the occurrence of all of:   (a) the receipt by the US Business Vendor of
Subdivision  Approval (as such term is defined in the New Castle Lab 
Lease);   (b) a release of the Mortgage with respect to the New Castle  Lab
Property; and   (c) the transfer of fee simple title to the New Castle Lab 
Property from the US Business Vendor to the Purchaser or a  Local Purchaser
in accordance with article II of the New  Castle Lab Lease;  "Non-Basic
Warranties" means the Warranties other than the Basic
Warranties;  "Operations" means the Target Businesses and the operations and
activities of the Target Companies;  "Overseas Employees" means all the
persons employed by the Business Vendors (other than the US Employees and the
UK Employees) wholly or mainly in connection with the Target Businesses at
Completion (being as at 18th February 2004 those identified as such in the
Employee List);  "Pension Deficit Reduction Adjustment Amount" bears the
meaning given in paragraph 6.1 of Part 2 of Schedule 8;  "Permits" means
all certificates, consents, licences, permits, authorisations, orders,
warrants, confirmations, permissions and approvals by a Business Vendor or
Target Company that are necessary for or used, held for use or intended to be
used primarily in connection with the Operations;  "Permitted Encumbrances"
means with respect to each parcel of Business Property: (i) real estate
taxes, assessments and other governmental levies, fees or charges imposed
with respect to such Business Property which are not due and payable as of
Completion, or which are being contested in good faith; (ii) landlord\'s
liens arising by operation of law in the ordinary course of business for sums
which are not overdue; (iii) planning, building codes and other land use laws
regulating the use or occupancy of such Business Property or the activities
conducted thereon which are imposed by any governmental authority having
jurisdiction over such Business Property which are not violated by the
current use or occupancy of such Business Property or the operation of the
Target Businesses as currently conducted thereon; and (iv) easements,
covenants, conditions, restrictions and other similar matters of record
affecting title to such Business Property which do not materially impair the
continued use or occupancy of such Business Property in the operation of the
Target Businesses as currently conducted thereon;  
--------------------------------------------  SCHEDULE 10 - Definitions and
Interpretation  --------------------------------------------    
112  "Plant and Equipment" means the fixed and loose plant and machinery,
tools, Information Technology, office equipment, furniture, fittings and
other personal property owned by the Business Vendors which at Completion is
used primarily in connection with the Business including the assets described
on the list in the Agreed Form AF2;  "Principal Vendor\'s Bank Account"
means:  (i) in respect of payments to be made in Euros, the bank account
of  Avecia Limited with JP Morgan Chase Bank, Frankfurt, SWIFT code 
CHASDEFX, account number 6231400604 for account of JP Morgan Chase  Bank,
London, SWIFT code CHASGB2L, account number 23423205, for  account of Avecia
Limited;  (ii) in respect of payments to be made in pounds sterling, the
bank  account of Avecia Limited with JP Morgan Chase Bank, London, SWIFT 
code CHASGB2L, sort code 60-92-42, account number 23423207; and  (iii) in
respect of payments to be made in US dollars, the bank account of  Avecia
Limited with JP Morgan Chase Bank, New York, SWIFT code  CHASUS33, account
number 001-0-962009 for account of JP Morgan Chase  Bank, London, SWIFT code
CHASGB2L, account number 23423211 for  account of Avecia Limited,  or in
each case such other account as the Principal Vendor may have notified to the
Purchaser at least 5 Business Days in advance of the relevant
payment requiring to be made;  "Products List" means the list of biocides
compounds set out in schedule 1 of the Regulatory Data Transfer and Access
Agreement in the Agreed Form AF13B;  "Properties" means the Business
Properties and the Target Companies Properties;  "Property List" means the
list of properties in the Agreed Form AF5;  "Property Owner" means, in
relation to any Property, the relevant Business Vendor or Target Company
named as its freehold or leasehold owner in the Property List;  "Purchase
Price" mean the aggregate consideration payable for the Shares, the Target
Businesses and the Business Assets under Clause 4;  "Purchaser\'s Counsel"
means Cravath, Swaine and Moore LLP, 825 Eighth Avenue, New York, NY 10019, USA
- Attn: Robert I Townsend III;  "Purchaser\'s Group" means the Purchaser and
any holding company of the Purchaser and any subsidiary of such holding
company from time to time including after Completion the Target
Companies;  "Recipient" bears the meaning given in Clause
8.1;  "Regulatory Data" means, in relation to a molecule used to make a
product, or a product, information:  
--------------------------------------------  SCHEDULE 10 - Definitions and
Interpretation  --------------------------------------------    
113  (i) required to facilitate the making of an application for a
regulatory  approval (or to facilitate confirmation of legal compliance in
order  to be able to sell) or to maintain a regulatory approval (or 
confirmation of legal compliance in order to be able to sell) for  that
molecule or product; or  (ii) which relates to employee health and safety,
hazard prevention and  environmental protection and is required for the
completion of  safety data labelling and classification sheets, as well as
such  safety data, labelling and classification sheets;  "Relevant Period"
means the period from 1st January 2004 to 31st December 2005 (both dates
inclusive);  "Reporting Accountants" means a Chartered Accountant or firm of
Chartered Accountants to be agreed by the Principal Vendor and the Purchaser
within seven days of a notice by one to the other requiring such agreement or
failing such agreement to be nominated on the application of either of them
by or on behalf of the President for the time being of the Institute of
Chartered Accountants in England and Wales;  "Scheduled Completion Date"
shall be determined as follows:  (i) if the CP Satisfaction Date occurs
before 2nd April 2004, the  Scheduled Completion Date shall be 2nd April
2004;  (ii) if the CP Satisfaction Date occurs on 3rd April 2004, the
Scheduled  Completion Date shall be 5th April 2004;  (iii) if the CP
Satisfaction Date occurs from 4th April 2004 to 7th April  2004 (inclusive),
the Scheduled Completion Date shall be 8th April  2004;  (iv) if the CP
Satisfaction Date occurs on 8th or 9th April 2004, the  Scheduled Completion
Date shall be 13th April 2004;  (v) if the CP Satisfaction Date occurs after
9th April 2004 and:   (a) is any day other than Friday, the Scheduled
Completion  Date shall be the next Friday that is a Business Day; or   (b)
is a Friday, the Scheduled Completion Date shall be the  next Business
Day;  "SEC" means the US Securities and Exchange Commission;  "Second Long
Stop Date" means 31st October 2004;  "Securities Act" means the US
Securities Act 1933, as amended;  "Senior Employee" means an employee of the
Vendors\' Group classified as being at Grade 33 or above or having an annual
basic salary in excess of US$75,000;  "Settlement Date" means the date
falling five Business Days after the Cash Determination Date, Completion
Working Capital Determination Date, Intra-Group  
--------------------------------------------  SCHEDULE 10 - Definitions and
Interpretation  --------------------------------------------    
114  Indebtedness Determination Date or Third Party Indebtedness
Determination Date, whichever is the latest;  "Shares" means the shares in
the capital of the Target Companies as specified in Part 1 of Schedule
2;  "Spanish Consideration Shares" means 111,625 shares of common stock of
the Purchaser (such number of shares to be appropriately adjusted in the
event of any share split, stock combination, stock dividend or similar
reclassification or other change applicable to shares of common stock of the
Purchaser after the date of this Agreement and before the Delayed Completion
Date);  "Spanish Settlement Date" means the date falling five Business Days
after the date the Completion Spanish Working Capital Statement is
determined;  "Specified Warranties" means the Warranties set out in the
following paragraphs of Schedule 4:  (i) 1 (Authority and
Capacity);  (ii) 4.5 (Insolvency);  (iii) 8.1 (Title);  (iv) 8.3.4
(Ownership of Properties);  (v) 8.4.1 (Ownership of IP);  (vi) 8.7 (Target
Companies\' Assets and Activities);  "Spot Rate" means in respect of the
conversion of any currency into US dollars, the foreign currency exchange
rate notified to the UK Business Vendor by JP Morgan as the spot rate for
such currency exchange in respect of the third last Business Day of the
calendar month in which the Completion Date falls (being, for illustrative
purposes 29th March 2004 in respect of a Completion Date of 31st March
2004);  "Stock" means the raw materials, stock-in-trade, work-in-progress,
finished goods, suppliers, parts, spare parts and other inventories owned or
agreed to be bought by the Business Vendors primarily in connection with the
Business as at the close of business on the Effective Time;  "Target
Businesses" means the operations and activities of the Business Vendors in
conducting the Business as at and up to the Effective Time;  "Target
Companies" means the companies identified in Schedule 2;  "Target Companies
Cash" means, in relation to each Target Company, the amount of its Cash as
set out in its cash ledger as at the Effective Time;  "Target Companies
Creditors" means all trade and non-trade creditors of the Target Companies as
at the Effective Time including balances due to the Vendors\' Group, but
excluding any item which falls to be included in calculating Intra-Group
Indebtedness;   --------------------------------------------  SCHEDULE 10 -
Definitions and Interpretation 
--------------------------------------------     115  "Target Companies
Debtors" means all trade and non trade debtors of the Target Companies as at
the Effective Time including balances due from the Vendors\' Group, but
excluding any item which falls to be included in calculating Intra-Group
Indebtedness;  "Target Companies Employees" means the persons employed by
any of the Target Companies at Completion (being as at 18th February 2004
those identified as such in the Employee List);  "Target Companies
Properties" means the freehold and leasehold properties and interests in real
property in each case vested in the Target Companies at the date hereof and
listed and identified as such in the Property List;  "Taxation" or "Tax"
have the meaning given to them in the Tax Deed;  "Taxation Benefits" means
any Taxation benefit or advantage or repayment of Taxation, including any
loss, relief, allowance, exemption, set-off, deduction or credit available in
the computation of any liability to Taxation;  "Tax Authority" has the
meaning given to it in the Tax Deed;  "Tax Deed" means the deed of covenant
in respect of Taxation in the Agreed Form AF7 to be entered into between the
Principal Vendor and the Purchaser at Completion;  "Tax Return" bears the
meaning given in the Tax Deed;  "Tax Warranties" means the Warranties set
out at paragraph 7 of Schedule 4;  "Third Party Indebtedness" means the
aggregate amount (including interest, prepayment penalties and other costs of
discharge) as at the Effective Time of (i) all outstanding loans and finance
leases owing by the Target Companies to any third party other than a member
of the Vendors\' Group (ii) if applicable, finance leases owing by the
Business Vendors to the extent that such leases fall within the definition of
Contracts for the purposes of this Agreement but, in each case, excluding any
item included in respect of such Completion in the calculation of Cash
balances or Intra-Group Indebtedness or Completion Working Capital;  "Third
Party Indebtedness Determination Date" means the date on which the process
described in Part 2 of Schedule 3 for the agreement or determination of a
Third Party Indebtedness Statement is complete;  "Third Party Indebtedness
Statement" means the statement of Third Party Indebtedness to be prepared
pursuant to Clause 4 in accordance with the provisions of Part 2 of Schedule
3 as agreed (or deemed to be agreed) or as finally determined in accordance
with the relevant provisions of Schedule 3;  "Transaction Breakdown" means
the document bearing that title in the Agreed Form AF6 and identifying in
relation to each Transfer of Operations the Base Allocation, the Base Working
Capital, the Estimated Cash, the Estimated Third Party Indebtedness, the
Estimated Intra-Group Payables and the Estimated Intra-Group Receivables;  
--------------------------------------------  SCHEDULE 10 - Definitions and
Interpretation  --------------------------------------------    
116  "Transfer of Operations" means, separately, each sale by a Vendor and
each transfer to the Purchaser or a Local Purchaser of:  (i) the Shares;
and  (ii) the Target Businesses;  "TUPE" means the Transfer of
Undertakings (Protection of Employment) Regulations 1981, as amended;  "UK
Business Vendor" means Avecia Limited, one of the Business Vendors;  "UK
Employees" means all the persons employed by the UK Business Vendor wholly or
mainly in connection with the Target Businesses as at Completion (being as at
18th February 2004 those identified as such in the Employee List);  "UK
GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles in the United Kingdom,
consistently applied; "US Business Vendor" means Avecia Inc, one of the
Business Vendors;  "US GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles
in the United States, consistently applied;  "US Employees" means all the
persons employed by the US Business Vendor wholly or mainly in connection
with the Business as at Completion (being as at 18th February 2004 those
identified as such in the Employee List);  "VAT" means within the European
Community such Tax as may be levied in accordance with (but subject to
derogations from) the Directive 77/388/EEC and outside the European Community
any Taxation levied by reference to added value or sales of goods or
services;  "Vendors" means the Business Vendors, the Share Vendors and the
Principal Vendor;  "Vendors\' Group" means the Principal Vendor and any
holding company of the Principal Vendor and any subsidiary of such holding
company from time to time but excluding for the purposes of the definitions
of Intra-Group Payables, Intra-Group Receivables and Third Party
Indebtedness, the Target Companies;  "Vendors\' Solicitors" means Dickson
Minto W.S., Royal London House, 22-25 Finsbury Square, London, EC2A 1DX;
and  "Warranties" means the warranties contained in paragraph 8 of Part 5
of Schedule 3 and in Schedule 4.  2. INTERPRETATION  In this
Agreement:  2.1. the masculine gender shall be deemed to include the
feminine and  neuter and the singular number shall be deemed to include the
plural  and vice versa;   -------------------------------------------- 
SCHEDULE 10 - Definitions and Interpretation 
--------------------------------------------     117  2.2. the Clause
headings, use of bold or italic type and contents page  are for convenience
of reference only and shall not affect its  construction or
interpretation;  2.3. references to Recitals, Clauses, and Schedules are to
the recitals  and clauses of and the schedules to this Agreement and
references to  paragraphs are to the paragraphs of a Schedule;  2.4.
reference to any statute or statutory provision shall include any  statute or
statutory provision which amends, extends, consolidates  or replaces the
same, or which has been amended, extended,  consolidated or replaced by the
same, and shall include any orders,  regulations, instruments or other
subordinate legislation made under  the relevant statute, provided that no
such amendment, extension,  consolidation replacement, order, regulation,
instrument or other  subordinate legislation made after the date of this
Agreement shall  increase the liability of any party;  2.5. references to
persons shall include references to firms,  corporations or unincorporated
associations;  2.6. where a word or expression is given a particular
meaning, other  parts of speech and grammatical forms of that word or
expression  have a corresponding meaning;  2.7. the expressions
"subsidiary", "holding company" and "group  undertaking" shall have the same
meanings in this Agreement as their  respective definitions in the Companies
Act 1985;  2.8. references to any English legal term or concept (including,
without  limitation, those for any action, remedy, method or judicial 
proceeding, document, statute, court official, governmental  authority or
agency) shall in respect of any jurisdiction other than  England be construed
as references to the term or concept which most  nearly corresponds to it in
that jurisdiction; and  2.9 any reference to the date of this Agreement
shall be construed as  meaning 4th March 2004.  3. CURRENCY
CONVERSION  Any amount to be converted from one currency into a second
currency for the purposes of the following provisions of this Agreement and
the Tax Deed shall be converted into an equivalent amount at the Relevant
Conversion Date at the Conversion Rate prevailing at the Relevant Conversion
Date. The "Relevant Conversion Date" for the purposes of:  3.1. paragraphs
1.1 and 1.2 of Schedule 5 and paragraphs 3.2.1 and 5.8 of  the Tax Deed shall
be the date on which the relevant claim was made;  and  3.2. paragraph 2 of
Schedule 5 and paragraph 3.2.2 of the Tax Deed shall  be the date(s) on which
the Principal Vendor makes payment(s) in  respect of the relevant
claims.  In relation to the determination of the Cash, Third Party
Indebtedness, Intra-Group Indebtedness and the Completion Working Capital,
the Spot Rate shall apply as provided for in Part 1 of Schedule 3.  
--------------------------------------------  SCHEDULE 10 - Definitions and
Interpretation  --------------------------------------------    
118  In relation to the calculation of Effects Sales and Product Margins,
any sales not made in US dollars will be converted to US dollars at the rate
adopted by the Purchaser for the purpose of its own audited accounts in
respect of the year in question or such other rate as the Purchaser and the
Principal Vendor acting reasonably shall agree.  4. AVOIDANCE OF OVERLAP OF
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS  The definitions of each component of the Business
Assets stated above shall be deemed to exclude any item which falls within
the definition of "Excluded Assets" and which would otherwise be included
within such definitions.           
--------------------------------------------  SCHEDULE 10 - Definitions and
Interpretation 
--------------------------------------------     EXECUTED AS
FOLLOWS:   Executed on behalf of AVECIA INVESTMENTS LIMITED by: 
----------------------------------------------- 
-----------------------------------------------  Attorney  Executed on
behalf of AVECIA HOLDINGS BV by: 
----------------------------------------------- 
-----------------------------------------------  Attorney  Executed on
behalf of AVECIA UK HOLDINGS LIMITED by: 
----------------------------------------------- 
-----------------------------------------------  Attorney  Executed on
behalf of AVECIA, INC. by: 
----------------------------------------------- 
-----------------------------------------------  Attorney  Executed on
behalf of AVECIA KK by:  ----------------------------------------------- 
-----------------------------------------------  Attorney  Executed on
behalf of AVECIA LIMITED by: 
----------------------------------------------- 
-----------------------------------------------  Attorney  Executed on
behalf of AVECIA (SCDR) SARL by: 
----------------------------------------------- 
----------------------------------------------- 
Attorney       Executed on behalf of AVECIA GMBH by: 
----------------------------------------------- 
-----------------------------------------------  Attorney  Executed on
behalf of AVECIA SPAIN SL by: 
----------------------------------------------- 
-----------------------------------------------  Attorney  Executed on
behalf of AVECIA ASIA PACIFIC PTE LIMITED by: 
---------------------------------------------- 
----------------------------------------------  Attorney  Executed on
behalf of AVECIA COMERCIAL E IMPORTADA LIMITADA by: 
---------------------------------------------- 
----------------------------------------------  Attorney  Executed on
behalf of DTBA LIMITED by: 
---------------------------------------------- 
----------------------------------------------  Attorney  Executed on
behalf of ARCH CHEMICALS, INC. by: 
---------------------------------------------- 
----------------------------------------------  Attorney/Duty Authorised
Officer      '

