   EXHIBIT 2.1    EXECUTION
COPY   ================================================================================        
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   Dated as of January 12, 2004   by and
among   ABBOTT LABORATORIES,   CORVETTE ACQUISITION CORP.   and  
THERASENSE,
INC.         ================================================================================        
TABLE OF CONTENTS   Page  ----  ARTICLE I
Definitions..........................................................1 
Section 1.1
Definitions................................................1   ARTICLE II
The Merger..........................................................9 
Section 2.1 The Merger.................................................9 
Section 2.2 Closing....................................................9 
Section 2.3 Effective Time.............................................9 
Section 2.4 Effects of the Merger......................................9 
Section 2.5 Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws...................9 
Section 2.6 Directors.................................................10 
Section 2.7
Officers..................................................10  ARTICLE III
Effect of the Merger on the Capital Stock of the Constituent  Corporations;
Exchange of Certificates.........................10  Section 3.1 Effect on
Capital Stock...................................10  Section 3.2 Exchange of
Certificates..................................10  Section 3.3 Dissenting
Shares.........................................12  Section 3.4 Adjustment of
Merger Consideration..........................  ARTICLE IV Representations
and Warranties of the Company......................13  Section 4.1
Organization, Standing and Corporate Power................13  Section 4.2
Subsidiaries..............................................13  Section 4.3
Capital Structure.........................................14  Section 4.4
Authority; Noncontravention...............................14  Section 4.5 SEC
Documents; Financial Statements; Undisclosed 
Liabilities...............................................16  Section 4.6
Information Supplied......................................17  Section 4.7
Absence of Certain Changes or Events......................17  Section 4.8
Litigation................................................17  Section 4.9
Contracts.................................................17  Section 4.10
Compliance with Laws......................................18  Section 4.11
Employment Matters........................................19  Section 4.12
Employee Benefit Plans; ERISA.............................20  Section 4.13
Taxes.....................................................23  Section 4.14
Environmental.............................................24  Section 4.15
Title to Properties.......................................25  Section 4.16
Intellectual Property.....................................26  Section 4.17
Voting Requirements.......................................27  Section 4.18
State Takeover Statutes...................................27  Section 4.19
Rights Agreement..........................................27  Section 4.20
Tangible Assets...........................................27      Section
4.21 Brokers; Schedule of Fees and Expenses....................28  Section
4.22 Opinion of Financial Advisor..............................28  Section
4.23 Regulatory Compliance.....................................28  Section
4.24 Insurance.................................................29  Section
4.25 Affiliate Transactions....................................30  ARTICLE V
Representations and Warranties of Parent and Sub....................30 
Section 5.1 Organization, Standing and Corporate Power................30 
Section 5.2 Authority; Noncontravention...............................30 
Section 5.3 Information Supplied......................................31 
Section 5.4 Brokers...................................................31 
Section 5.5 Interim Operations of Sub.................................31 
Section 5.6 Financing.
..............................................32  ARTICLE VI Covenants
Relating to Conduct of Business..........................32  Section 6.1
Conduct of Business.......................................32  Section 6.2 No
Solicitation...........................................36  ARTICLE VII
Additional Agreements.............................................39  Section
7.1 Preparation of the Proxy Statement; Stockholders Meeting..39  Section 7.2
Access to Information; Confidentiality....................40  Section 7.3
Reasonable Efforts; Notification..........................40  Section 7.4
Public Announcements......................................41  Section 7.5
Indemnification and Insurance.............................42  Section 7.6
Benefits and Employment...................................42  Section 7.7
Stock Options/ESPP........................................43  Section 7.8
Stockholder Litigation....................................44  ARTICLE VIII
Conditions Precedent.............................................45  Section
8.1 Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect the 
Merger....................................................45  Section 8.2
Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Sub...............45  Section 8.3
Conditions to Obligation of the Company...................46  ARTICLE IX
Termination, Amendment and Waiver.................................... 
Section 9.1 Termination...............................................46 
Section 9.2 Effect of Termination.....................................48 
Section 9.3 Fees and Expenses.........................................48 
Section 9.4 Amendment.................................................48 
Section 9.5 Extension;
Waiver.........................................49  ARTICLE X General
Provisions..................................................49  Section 10.1
Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties.............49  Section 10.2
Notices...................................................49  Section 10.3
Interpretation............................................50  Section 10.4
Counterparts..............................................50  Section 10.5
Entire Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries............50  Section 10.6
Governing Law.............................................51    ii    
Section 10.7 Assignment................................................51 
Section 10.8 Enforcement...............................................51 
Section 10.9
Severability..............................................51    
iii      AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of January 12, 2004, by
and among Abbott Laboratories, an Illinois corporation ("Parent"), Corvette
Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Parent ("Sub"), and TheraSense, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
"Company").   WHEREAS, the respective Boards of Directors of Parent, Sub and
the Company each have determined that it is advisable and in the best
interests of their respective companies and stockholders to enter into a
business combination by means of the merger of Sub with and into the Company
(the "Merger") upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
herein;   WHEREAS, simultaneously with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement, and as a condition and inducement to the willingness of Parent and
Sub to enter into this Agreement, Parent, Sub and certain stockholders of the
Company are entering into a stockholder agreement (the "Stockholder
Agreement") pursuant to which, among other things, such stockholders have
agreed to vote to approve and adopt this Agreement and the Merger and to take
certain other actions in furtherance of the Merger, upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth therein; and   WHEREAS, Parent, Sub and
the Company desire to make certain representations, warranties, covenants and
agreements in connection with the Merger and also to prescribe various
conditions to the Merger.   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
foregoing and the respective representations, warranties, covenants and
agreements contained in this Agreement and the Stockholder Agreement, the
parties hereto agree as follows:    ARTICLE I   Definitions   Section
1.1 Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have
the following meanings:   "Acquisition Agreement" has the meaning set forth
in Section 6.2(b).   "Activities to Date" has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.23(a)(i)(A).   "Affiliate" of any Person means another Person that
directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is
controlled by or is under common control with, such first Person.  
"Alternative Acquisition" means any direct or indirect acquisition, in
one transaction or a series of transactions, including any merger, tender
offer, exchange offer, stock acquisition, asset acquisition, statutory share
exchange, business combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution,
joint venture or similar transaction, of (i) assets or businesses that
constitute or represent twenty percent (20%) or more of the total revenue or
assets of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (ii)
twenty percent (20%) or more of the outstanding shares of Company Common
Stock or (iii) twenty percent (20%) or more of the     outstanding
shares of capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests in, any of
the Company Subsidiaries directly or indirectly holding, individually
or taken together, the assets or businesses referred to in clause (i) above,
in each case other than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  
"Alternative Acquisition Proposal" has the meaning set forth in
Section 6.2(a).   "Applicable Law" means any statute, law (including common
law), ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or any Company
Subsidiary or Parent and Sub, as applicable, or their respective properties
or assets.   "Approvals" has the meaning set forth in Section
4.23(a)(i)(A).   "Business Day" means any day on which the principal offices
of the SEC in Washington, D.C. are open to accept filings, or, in the case of
determining a date when any payment is due, any day on which banks are not
required or authorized to close in The City of New York.   "Certificate of
Merger" means a certificate of merger, or other appropriate documents, to be
filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to effect the
Merger.   "Certificates" means certificates evidencing shares of Company
Common Stock entitled to receive the Merger Consideration pursuant to Section
3.1(c).   "Closing" means the closing of the Merger.   "Closing Date"
means the date of the Closing.   "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended.   "Company" has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.  
"Company Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.   "Company
Common Stock" means common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the
Company.   "Company Disclosure Schedule" has the meaning set forth in
Article IV.   "Company Employees" means the employees of the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries.   "Company Financial Advisor" has the meaning set
forth in Section 4.21.   "Company Material Adverse Effect" means any change
or effect that is, or is reasonably likely to be, materially adverse to the
business, assets and liabilities (taken together), financial condition or
operations or results of operations of the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; provided, however, that none of the following
shall be deemed (either alone or in combination) to constitute such a change
or effect:   2    (i) (A) any adverse change attributable to the
announcement or  pendency of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
or (B) any  adverse change attributable to or conditions generally affecting
(1) the  medical diagnostics products industry as a whole, (2) the United
States  economy or financial markets in general or (3) any foreign economy
or  financial markets in any location where the Company or any Company 
Subsidiary has material operations or sales;   (ii) any act or threat of
terrorism or war anywhere in the world, any  armed hostilities or terrorist
activities anywhere in the world, any  threat or escalation of armed
hostilities or terrorist activities anywhere  in the world or any
governmental or other response or reaction to any of  the foregoing; or  
(iii) any action by the Company or any Company Subsidiary approved or 
consented to in writing by Parent or Sub.   "Company Representatives" has
the meaning set forth in Section 6.2(a).   "Company Subsidiary" means each
Person which is a Subsidiary of the Company.   "Confidentiality Agreement"
means the Confidentiality Agreement, dated October 13, 2003, between Parent
and the Company (as it may be amended from time to time).   "Continuing
Employees" means Company Employees who continue employment with Parent or the
Surviving Corporation following the Effective Time.   "control" means, as to
any Person, the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and
policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities,
by contract or otherwise. The term "controlled" shall have a correlative
meaning.   "Copyrights" means the copyright registrations set forth in
Section 1.1(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule.   "DandO; Insurance" means
directors\' and officers\' liability insurance.   "DGCL" means the Delaware
General Corporation Law, as amended from time to time.   "Dissenting
Shares" means shares of Company Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to
the Effective Time and held by a holder who has not voted in favor of the
Merger or consented thereto in writing and who has properly demanded
appraisal for such shares of Company Common Stock in accordance with the
DGCL.   "DOL" means the United States Department of Labor.   "Domain
Names" means the Internet domain names set forth in Section 1.1(b) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule.   "Effective Time" has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.3.    3     "End Date" has the meaning set forth in Section
9.1(b)(i).   "Environmental Laws" means the Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 and the Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, each as amended, together with all
other Applicable Laws (including rules, regulations, codes, common law,
injunctions, judgments, Orders, decrees and rulings thereunder) of any
Governmental Entity concerning pollution or protection of the environment,
including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened
releases of Hazardous Substances into ambient air, surface water, ground
water or lands or otherwise relating to the manufacture, generation,
processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, clean-up,
transport or handling of Hazardous Substances, in each case as now in
effect.   "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974,
as amended.   "ERISA Affiliate" has the meaning set forth in Section
4.12(a).   "ERISA Plans" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.12(a).  
"ESPP" means the Company 2001 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.   "Exchange Act"
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.   "Exchange Fund" has
the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(a).   "FDA" means the United States
Food and Drug Administration, or any successor agency.   "FDCA" means the
Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended.   "Filed SEC Documents" has
the meaning set forth in Section 4.5(c).   "Foreign Plan" means any Plan
established or maintained outside of the United States of America primarily
for the benefit of employees of the Company or any Company Subsidiary
residing outside the United States of America.   "GAAP" means generally
accepted accounting principles.   "Governmental Entity" means any:   (i)
federal, state, local, municipal or foreign government;   (ii) governmental
authority of any nature (including any governmental  agency, branch, board,
department, official, instrumentality or entity and  any court or other
tribunal); or   (iii) body exercising, or entitled to exercise, any
administrative,  executive, judicial, legislative, police, regulatory or
taxing authority  or power of any nature.    4     "Hazardous
Substance" means (i) any petrochemical or petroleum products, radioactive
materials, asbestos in any form that is or could become friable, urea
formaldehyde foam insulation, transformers or other equipment that
contain dielectric fluid containing polychlorinated biphenyls and radon gas
or (ii) any chemicals, materials or substances defined by any Governmental
Entity as or included in the definition of "hazardous substances," "hazardous
wastes," "hazardous materials," "restricted hazardous materials," "extremely
hazardous substances," "toxic substances," "contaminants" or "pollutants" or
words of similar meaning and regulatory effect.   "Health and Safety Laws"
means the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, as amended, together
with all other Applicable Laws (including rules, regulations, codes, common
law, plans, injunctions, judgments, Orders, decrees, and rulings thereunder)
of any Governmental Entity concerning public health and safety or employee
health and safety.   "HSR Act" means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended.   "Incentive Plan" means each
incentive or bonus plan or arrangement maintained by the Company or any
Company Subsidiary (other than the Option Plans and the ESPP).  
"Indemnified Party" has the meaning set forth in Section 7.5(a).  
"Intellectual Property Rights" means any or all of the following and
all worldwide common law and statutory rights in, arising out of, or
associated with: (i) patents and applications therefor and all reissues,
divisions, renewals, extensions, provisionals, continuations and
continuations-in-part thereof; (ii) trade secrets (including proprietary
know-how, technology, technical data and customer lists, and all
documentation relating to any of the foregoing); (iii) copyrights, copyright
registrations and applications therefor; (iv) Internet domain names; (v)
industrial designs and any registrations and applications therefor; and (vi)
trade names, logos, common law trademarks and service marks, trademark and
service mark registrations and applications therefor.   "IRS" means the
Internal Revenue Service.   "Knowledge" as it relates to the Company, means
the knowledge of any of the executive officers of the Company or the Company
Subsidiaries upon reasonable inquiry by such persons of those management
level employees of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries whose duties
would, in the normal course of the Company\'s or any of the Company
Subsidiaries\' affairs, result in such management level employees having
knowledge concerning such subject, area or state of affairs.   "Legal
Restraints" has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1(c).   "Licenses In"
means the license agreements set forth in Section 1.1(c) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule.    5     "Licenses Out" means the license
agreements set forth in Section 1.1(d) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule.   "Liens" means liens, charges, security interests, options,
claims, mortgages, pledges, or other encumbrances and restrictions of any
nature whatsoever.   "Material Intellectual Property Rights" means all
Intellectual Property Rights that are material to the business, properties
(including intangible properties), assets, liabilities, financial condition
or operation or results of operations of the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, any Intellectual Property Right that is a material element of a
material Product is a Material Intellectual Property Right.   "Merger" has
the meaning set forth in the Preamble.   "Merger Consideration" has the
meaning set forth in Section 3.1(c).   "Notice of Superior Company Proposal"
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.2(b).   "Option" has the meaning set
forth in Section 7.7(a).   "Option Plans" means the Company 1997 Stock Plan,
as amended, and the Company 2001 Stock Plan, as amended.   "Order" means,
with respect to any Person, any award, decision, injunction, judgment, order,
ruling, writ, decree, consent decree, or verdict entered, issued, made or
rendered by any court, administrative agency, arbitrator or other
Governmental Entity affecting such Person or any of its properties.  
"Parent" has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.   "Patents Licensed"
means the patents and patent applications set forth in Section 1.1(e) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule.   "Patents Owned" means the patents and patent
applications set forth in Section 1.1(f) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule.   "Paying Agent" means such paying agent selected by Parent and
reasonably satisfactory to the Company.   "Permits" means federal, state,
local and foreign governmental approvals, authorizations, certificates,
filings, franchises, licenses, notices, permits and rights, including all
authorizations under Environmental Laws.   "Person" means any individual,
firm, corporation (including any non-profit corporation), general or limited
partnership, company, limited liability company, trust, joint venture,
estate, association, organization, labor union or other entity or
Governmental Entity.    6     "Plans" has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.12(a).   "Post-Signing Returns" has the meaning set forth in
Section 6.1(b).   "Proceeding" means any action, arbitration, audit, claim,
hearing, proceeding, investigation, litigation or suit (whether civil,
criminal, administrative or investigative) commenced, brought, conducted or
heard by or before, or otherwise involving, any Governmental Entity or
arbitrator.   "Products" means, collectively, each of the Company\'s and the
Company Subsidiaries\' products and products under development.   "Proxy
Statement" means a proxy statement relating to the adoption by the Company\'s
stockholders of this Agreement (as amended or supplemented from time to
time).   "Rights Agreement" means the Rights Agreement, dated as of March 7,
2003, between the Company and Computershare Investor Services, as rights
agent.   "SEC" means the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission.   "SEC Documents" has the meaning set forth in Section
4.5(a).   "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  
"Significant Agreements" means (i) any agreement, bond,
commitment, concession, contract, indenture, instrument, franchise, lease,
license, mortgage, note, understanding, undertaking or other arrangement that
is filed or required to be filed as an exhibit to the Company\'s SEC
Documents, (ii) the agreements set forth in Section 1.1(g) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule and (iii) any loan or credit agreements, notes, bonds,
mortgages, indentures and other agreements and instruments pursuant to which
any indebtedness of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries in an aggregate
principal amount in excess of $500,000 is outstanding or may be incurred
(which agreements, including the respective principal amounts currently
outstanding and credit limits thereunder, are set forth in Section 1.1(g) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule).   "Stockholder Agreement" has the meaning
set forth in the Preamble.   "Stockholder Approval" has the meaning set
forth in Section 4.17.   "Stockholders Meeting" has the meaning set forth in
Section 7.1(b).   "Sub" has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.  
"Subsidiary" or "Subsidiaries" means, with respect to any Person,
any corporation, association, general or limited partnership, company,
limited liability company, trust, joint venture, organization or other entity
of which more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of shares of
capital stock or other interests (including partnership interests) entitled
(without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election
of directors,    7    managers or trustees thereof is at the time
owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by (i) such Person, (ii) such
Person and one or more Subsidiaries of such Person or (iii) one or more
Subsidiaries of such Person.   "Subsidiary Organizational Documents" means
the certificate of incorporation and by-laws or similar organizational
documents of each Company Subsidiary.   "Superior Company Proposal" means
any written bona fide proposal made by a third party to acquire all the
equity securities or assets of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries
through a tender or exchange offer, a merger, a consolidation or other
similar transaction that is (i) not subject to a financing contingency and
(ii) on terms that the Company Board determines in its good faith judgment
(after consultation with a financial advisor of nationally recognized
reputation, with only customary qualifications, and independent legal
counsel) to be superior for the holders of the Company Common Stock, from a
financial point of view, to the Merger, taking into account (A) all the terms
and conditions of such proposal and this Agreement (including any proposal by
Parent to amend the terms of this Agreement and the Merger) and (B) the
likelihood of consummation in light of all financial, regulatory, legal
and other aspects of such proposal (including, without limitation, any
antitrust or competition law approvals or non-objections); provided, that
such a proposal shall no longer be deemed a Superior Company Proposal if,
prior to any termination of this Agreement by the Company pursuant to the
terms of Section 9.1(e), Parent proposes adjustments in the terms and
conditions of this Agreement and the Merger as favorable from a financial
point of view to the Company\'s stockholders as such proposal.   "Surviving
Corporation" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.   "Surviving
Corporation Plans" has the meaning set forth in Section 7.6(b).   "Tax" or
"Taxes" means any and all present or future taxes (including income, gross
receipt, minimum or alternative minimum taxable income, sales, rental, use,
turnover, value added taxes that are in the nature of sales and use taxes,
property (tangible and intangible), transfer, capital, excise and stamp
taxes), licenses, levies, imposts, duties, recording charges or
fees, charges, assessments and withholdings of any nature whatsoever,
together with any and all assessments, penalties, fines, additions thereto
and interest thereon, in each case, imposed by any Governmental Entity (each,
individually a "Tax").   "Tax Return" means any return, declaration, form,
report, statement, information statement or other document required to be
filed with respect to Taxes under any applicable federal, state, local or
foreign law.   "Termination Fee" has the meaning set forth in Section
9.3(b).   "Trademarks" means the marks set forth in Section 1.1(h) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule.   "Voting Debt" has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.3.    8     "WARN Act" means the Worker Adjustment Retraining
Notification Act of 1988, as amended.    ARTICLE II   The Merger  
Section 2.1 The Merger. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in this Agreement, and in accordance with the DGCL, Sub shall be
merged with and into the Company at the Effective Time. Following the Merger,
the separate corporate existence of Sub shall cease, and the Company shall
continue as the surviving corporation (the "Surviving Corporation") and shall
succeed to and assume all the rights and obligations of Sub in accordance
with the DGCL. At the election of Parent, any direct wholly-owned Subsidiary
of Parent may be substituted for Sub as a constituent corporation in the
Merger. In such event, the parties hereto agree to execute an appropriate
amendment to this Agreement in order to reflect such substitution.  
Section 2.2 Closing. The Closing shall take place at the offices of Skadden,
Arps, Slate, Meagher and Flom LLP, 333 West Wacker Drive, Chicago, Illinois at
10:00 a.m., Chicago time, as soon as practicable, but in any event within two
(2) Business Days after satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in
Article VIII (other than conditions that by their terms are to be satisfied
at the Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or waiver of such conditions
at the Closing), unless another place, time and date are agreed to in writing
by Parent and the Company.   Section 2.3 Effective Time. Subject to the
provisions of this Agreement, as soon as practicable on or after the Closing
Date, the parties shall file the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of
State of the State of Delaware executed in accordance with the relevant
provisions of the DGCL and shall make all other filings or recordings
required under the DGCL in order to effect the Merger. The Merger shall
become effective at such time as the Certificate of Merger is duly filed with
the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, or at such other time as
Parent and the Company shall agree should be specified in the Certificate of
Merger (the time the Merger becomes effective being, the "Effective
Time").   Section 2.4 Effects of the Merger. The Merger shall have the
effects set forth in Section 259 of the DGCL.   Section 2.5 Certificate of
Incorporation and By-Laws.   (a) The certificate of incorporation of Sub, as
in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the certificate
of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter changed or
amended as provided therein or by Applicable Law, except that the name of the
Surviving Corporation in such Certificate of Incorporation shall be changed
to "TheraSense, Inc.".   (b) The by-laws of Sub, as in effect immediately
prior to the Effective Time, shall be the by-laws of the Surviving
Corporation until thereafter changed or amended as provided therein or by
Applicable Law.    9     Section 2.6 Directors. The directors of Sub
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the directors of the
Surviving Corporation, until the earlier of their resignation or removal or
until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case
may be.   Section 2.7 Officers. The officers of the Company immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall be the officers of the Surviving
Corporation, until the earlier of their resignation or removal or until their
respective successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case may
be.    ARTICLE III   Effect of the Merger on the Capital Stock of the 
Constituent Corporations; Exchange of Certificates   Section 3.1 Effect on
Capital Stock. As of the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without
any action on the part of the holder of any shares of Company Common Stock,
or any shares of capital stock of Sub:   (a) Capital Stock of Sub. Each
issued and outstanding share of capital stock of Sub shall be converted into
and become one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of common
stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Surviving Corporation.   (b)
Cancellation of Treasury Stock and Parent-Owned Stock. Each share of Company
Common Stock that is owned by the Company or any Company Subsidiary and each
share of Company Common Stock that is owned by Parent or Sub
shall automatically be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and
no consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor.   (c) Conversion
of Company Common Stock. Subject to Section 3.3, each issued and outstanding
share of Company Common Stock (other than shares to be canceled in accordance
with Section 3.1(b)), together with each associated "Right" (as defined in
the Rights Agreement), shall be converted into the right to receive $27.00 in
cash (the "Merger Consideration") payable, without interest, to the holder of
such share of Company Common Stock upon surrender of the Certificate that
formerly evidenced such share of Company Common Stock in the manner provided
in Section 3.2.   Section 3.2 Exchange of Certificates.   (a) Paying
Agent. Prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall select the Paying Agent for
the payment of the Merger Consideration upon surrender of Certificates
representing Company Common Stock. When and as needed, Parent or Sub shall
deposit, or cause to be deposited, in trust with the Paying Agent, the Merger
Consideration to which holders of shares of Company Common Stock shall have
the right to receive at the Effective Time pursuant to Section 3.1(c) (such
amount being hereinafter referred to as the "Exchange Fund").   (b) Exchange
Procedures. As soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Time,
Parent shall cause the Paying Agent to mail to each Person who was, at
the    10    Effective Time, a holder of record of shares of Company
Common Stock entitled to receive the Merger Consideration pursuant to Section
3.1(c), (i) a letter of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall
be effected, and risk of loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only
upon delivery of the Certificates to the Paying Agent and shall be in such
form and have such other provisions as Parent may reasonably specify) and
(ii) instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates in
exchange for payment of the Merger Consideration. Upon surrender of a
Certificate for cancellation to the Paying Agent, or to such other agent or
agents as may be appointed by Parent, together with such letter of
transmittal, duly completed and validly executed, and such other documents as
may reasonably be required by the Paying Agent, the holder of such
Certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor the Merger
Consideration for each share of Company Common Stock theretofore represented
by such Certificate, and the Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith be
canceled. If payment of the Merger Consideration is to be made to a Person
other than the Person in whose name the surrendered Certificate
is registered, it shall be a condition precedent of payment that (x)
the Certificate so surrendered shall be properly endorsed or shall be
otherwise in proper form for transfer and (y) the Person requesting such
payment shall have paid any transfer and other Taxes required by reason of
the payment of the Merger Consideration to a Person other than the registered
holder of the Certificate surrendered or shall have established to the
satisfaction of the Surviving Corporation that such Tax either has been paid
or is not required to be paid. Until surrendered as contemplated by this
Section 3.2, each Certificate shall be deemed after the Effective Time to
represent only the right to receive the applicable Merger Consideration,
without interest thereon.   (c) No Further Ownership Rights in Company
Common Stock. All Merger Consideration paid in accordance with the terms of
this Section 3.2 upon conversion of any shares of Company Common Stock shall
be deemed to have been paid in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to
such shares of Company Common Stock. At the close of business on the day on
which the Effective Time occurs, the stock transfer books of the Company
shall be closed, and there shall be no further registration of transfers on
the stock transfer books of the Surviving Corporation of the shares of
Company Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time. If, after the Effective Time, any Certificates are presented to the
Surviving Corporation, Parent or the Paying Agent for any reason, they shall
be canceled and exchanged as provided in this Article III.   (d)
Termination of Exchange Fund. Any portion of the Exchange Fund (including any
earnings received with respect thereto) that remains undistributed to the
holders of Certificates six (6) months after the Effective Time shall be
delivered to the Surviving Corporation, and any holder of a Certificate who
has not theretofore complied with this Article III shall thereafter look only
to the Surviving Corporation (subject to abandoned property, escheat or
similar Applicable Law) for payment of its claim for Merger
Consideration.   (e) Investment of Exchange Fund. The Paying Agent shall
invest any cash included in the Exchange Fund, as directed by Parent, on a
daily basis. Any interest and other income resulting from such investments
shall be paid to Parent or the Surviving Corporation.    11     (f) No
Liability. None of Parent, the Surviving Corporation nor the Paying Agent
shall be liable to any holder of a Certificate for any Merger Consideration
delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property,
escheat or similar Applicable Law.   (g) Lost Certificates. If any
Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an
affidavit of that fact by the Person claiming such Certificate to be lost,
stolen or destroyed and, if required by the Surviving Corporation, the
posting by such Person of a bond in such reasonable amount as the Surviving
Corporation may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made
against it with respect to such Certificate, the Paying Agent shall issue in
exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate the Merger
Consideration deliverable in respect thereof as determined in accordance with
Section 3.1(c).   (h) Withholding of Tax. The Paying Agent, the Surviving
Corporation or Parent shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the
consideration otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement to any holder of
Company Common Stock such amounts as the Paying Agent, the Surviving
Corporation or Parent, as the case may be, is required to deduct and withhold
with respect to such payment under the Code or any provisions of state, local
or foreign Tax law. Any amounts so withheld shall be treated for all purposes
of this Agreement as having been paid to the holder of the Company Common
Stock in respect of which such deduction and withholding was made.  
Section 3.3 Dissenting Shares. Dissenting Shares shall not be converted into
a right to receive the Merger Consideration as set forth herein, but rather
such holder shall be entitled to receive such consideration as shall
be determined pursuant to the DGCL; provided, however, that if, after
the Effective Time, such holder fails to perfect or withdraws or loses his
right to appraisal, such shares of Company Common Stock shall be treated as
if they had converted as of the Effective Time into a right to receive the
Merger Consideration, without interest thereon, and such shares shall no
longer be Dissenting Shares. The Company shall provide Parent (i) prompt
notice of any demands for appraisal of any shares of Company Common Stock,
attempted withdrawals of any such demands and any other instruments served
pursuant to the DGCL and received by the Company relating to rights of
appraisal and (ii) the opportunity to participate in and direct all
negotiations and Proceedings with respect to such demands. The Company shall
not, except with the prior written consent of Parent, make any payment with
respect to, or settle or offer to settle, any such demands, or agree to do
any of the foregoing.   Section 3.4 Adjustment of Merger Consideration.
Without limiting or in any way modifying the covenant of the Company set
forth in Section 6.1(a)(i), if prior to the Effective Time the outstanding
shares of Company Common Stock shall have been changed into a different
number of shares or a different class, by reason of any stock dividend,
reclassification, recapitalization, split, division, combination, exchange of
shares or similar transaction, the Merger Consideration shall be
proportionately adjusted to reflect such change.    12     ARTICLE
IV   Representations and Warranties of the Company   Except as set forth
in a schedule delivered to Parent prior to the execution of this Agreement
(the "Company Disclosure Schedule"), the Company represents and warrants to
Parent and Sub as set forth below. Each exception set forth in the Company
Disclosure Schedule shall be identified by reference to, or be grouped under
a heading referring to, a specific individual section or subsection of this
Agreement and shall relate only to such section or subsection, except to the
extent that (a) one portion of the Company Disclosure Schedule specifically
refers to another portion thereof by specific cross reference or (b) it is
readily apparent from the text of the disclosure in the Company Disclosure
Schedule that an item disclosed in one section or subsection of the Company
Disclosure Schedule is omitted from another section or subsection where such
disclosure would be appropriate, in which case such item shall be deemed to
have been disclosed in the section or subsection of the Company Disclosure
Schedule from which such item is omitted.   Section 4.1 Organization,
Standing and Corporate Power. The Company is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware
and has all requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease, possess
and operate its properties and assets and to carry on its business as now
being conducted. The Company is duly qualified or licensed to do business and
is in good standing in each jurisdiction where the nature of its business or
the ownership, leasing or operation of its properties makes such
qualification or licensing necessary, other than in such jurisdictions where
the failure to be so qualified or licensed, individually or in the aggregate,
would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect. The Company has delivered
to Parent true and complete copies of its certificate of incorporation and
by-laws, in each case as amended to the date hereof. The Company is not in
violation of any of the provisions of its certificate of incorporation and
by-laws.   Section 4.2 Subsidiaries.   (a) Section 4.2(a)(i) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth the name, jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization and authorized and outstanding capital of each
Company Subsidiary. Except as set forth in Section 4.2(a)(ii) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, other than with respect to the Company Subsidiaries, the
Company does not own, directly or indirectly, any capital stock or other
equity securities of any Person or have any direct or indirect equity or
ownership interest in any business. All of the outstanding capital stock (or
similar equity interests) of each Company Subsidiary is owned directly or
indirectly by the Company free and clear of all Liens, and is validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable. There are no outstanding options, rights or
agreements of any kind relating to the issuance, sale or transfer of any
capital stock (or similar equity interests) of any such Company Subsidiary to
any Person except the Company or another wholly-owned Company Subsidiary.  
(b) Each Company Subsidiary (i) is duly organized, validly existing and in
good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation
or organization, (ii) has all requisite corporate power and authority to
own, lease, possess and operate its properties and assets and to carry on
its business as now being conducted and (iii) is duly qualified or
licensed    13    to do business and is in good standing in each
jurisdiction where the nature of such Company Subsidiary\'s business or the
ownership, leasing or operation of its properties makes such qualification or
license necessary, other than in such jurisdictions where the failure to be
so licensed or qualified, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a
Company Material Adverse Effect.   (c) The Company has delivered to Parent
true and complete copies of the Subsidiary Organizational Documents, in each
case as amended to the date hereof. No Company Subsidiary is in violation of
any provision of the applicable Subsidiary Organizational Documents.  
Section 4.3 Capital Structure. The authorized capital stock of the
Company consists of 205,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock and 5,000,000
shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share. As of the date hereof,
(a) 41,887,260 shares of Company Common Stock are issued and outstanding,
none of which are subject to stock repurchase rights pursuant to the Option
Plans, (b) no shares of Company Common Stock are held by the Company in its
treasury, (c) 8,995,583 shares of Company Common Stock are subject to
outstanding Options, (d) 858,420 shares of Company Common Stock are reserved
for issuance pursuant to the ESPP, (e) 13,045,592 shares of Company Common
Stock are reserved for issuance pursuant to the Option Plans and (f) 200,000
shares of the Company\'s Series A Cumulative Participating Preferred Stock
are reserved for issuance in connection with the Rights Agreement. Except as
set forth above, as of the date hereof, no shares of capital stock or other
voting securities of the Company are issued, reserved for issuance or
outstanding. All outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are, and
all shares which may be issued pursuant to the Option Plans and the ESPP
shall be when issued in accordance with the terms thereof, duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and not subject to preemptive
rights. There are no bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness of the
Company or any Company Subsidiaries having the right to vote (or convertible
into securities having the right to vote) on any matters on which
stockholders of the Company may vote ("Voting Debt"). Except as set forth
above or as set forth in Section 4.3 of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
there are no securities, options, warrants, calls, conversion rights, stock
appreciation rights, redemption rights, repurchase rights, preemptive rights,
subscriptions or other rights, commitments, agreements, arrangements
or undertakings of any kind to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary is
a party, or by which either is bound, obligating the Company or any
Company Subsidiary to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued,
delivered or sold, additional shares of capital stock or other securities or
assets of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or obligating the Company or
any Company Subsidiary to issue, grant, extend or enter into any such
security, option, warrant, call, conversion right, stock appreciation right,
redemption right, repurchase right, preemptive right, subscription or other
right, commitment, agreement, arrangement or undertaking. There are no
outstanding contractual obligations of the Company to repurchase, redeem or
otherwise acquire any shares of capital stock of the Company.   Section 4.4
Authority; Noncontravention.   (a) The Company has all necessary corporate
power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and, subject to
obtaining Stockholder Approval in the case of the Merger, to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The execution,   
14    delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company and the
consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the
part of the Company, subject to obtaining Stockholder Approval in the case of
the Merger. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the
Company and constitutes (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery
by Parent and Sub) a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable
against the Company in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that
enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors\'
rights generally and subject to general principles of equity.   (b) The
Company Board, at a meeting duly called and held prior to execution of this
Agreement, duly and unanimously adopted resolutions (i) approving and
declaring advisable this Agreement, the Stockholder Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (such approvals having been made
in accordance with the DGCL, including for purposes of Section 203 thereof),
(ii) determining that the terms of the Merger are fair to and in the best
interests of the Company and its stockholders, (iii) recommending that
the Company\'s stockholders approve and adopt this Agreement and the Merger,
(iv) adopting this Agreement and (v) amending the Rights Agreement (as
provided in Section 4.19), which resolutions have not been modified,
supplemented or rescinded and remain in full force and effect.   (c) Except
as otherwise provided in Section 4.4(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
the execution and delivery of this Agreement do not, and the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and compliance with the
provisions of this Agreement shall not, (i) conflict with, or result in any
violation of, the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the Company or
any of the Subsidiary Organizational Documents, (ii) conflict with, or result
in any violation of, any Applicable Law or (iii) result in any breach of, or
constitute a default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both)
under, or give rise to a right of termination, amendment, cancellation
or acceleration of any obligation or to a loss of a material benefit under,
or result in the creation of any Liens in or upon any of the properties or
assets of the Company or any Company Subsidiary, pursuant to any loan or
credit agreement, note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease, license, sublease,
easement, covenant, condition, restriction, contract, instrument, permit,
concession, franchise license or other instrument or obligation other than,
in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), any such conflicts, violations,
breaches, defaults, rights or Liens that, individually or in the aggregate,
would not (x) be material to the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken
as a whole, (y) impair in any material respect the ability of the Company to
perform its obligations under this Agreement or (z) prevent or materially
delay the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   (d) No consent, approval, Order or authorization of,
or registration, declaration or filing with, or notification to, any
Governmental Entity is required by or with respect to the Company or any
Company Subsidiaries in connection with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement by the Company or the consummation by the Company of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except (i) the filing of a pre-
merger notification and report form by the Company under the HSR Act, and
compliance with the pre-merger notification requirements in Austria, Germany,
Ireland, Italy and the Czech Republic, (ii) the    15    filing with
the SEC of the Proxy Statement and such reports under the Exchange Act as may
be required in connection with this Agreement, the Stockholder Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, (iii) the filing of the
Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
and appropriate documents with the relevant authorities of other states in
which the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries is qualified to do
business and (iv) such other consents, approvals, Orders,
authorizations, registrations, declarations, filings and notifications, the
failure of which to be obtained or made would not, individually or in the
aggregate, (x) be material to the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken
as a whole, (y) impair in any material respect the ability of the Company to
perform its obligations under this Agreement or (z) prevent or materially
delay the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   Section 4.5 SEC Documents; Financial Statements; Undisclosed
Liabilities.   (a) The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms,
statements and other documents (including exhibits and other information
incorporated therein) required to be filed by the Company with the SEC since
October 17, 2001 (the "SEC Documents") in a timely manner. As of their
respective dates (or, if amended or superceded by a subsequent filing made
prior to the date hereof, on the date of such subsequent filing), each of the
SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the
Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and the rules and
regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to such SEC
Documents, and none of the SEC Documents at the time they were filed
contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading.   (b) The financial statements (including, in each case, any
related notes thereto) of the Company included in the SEC Documents comply as
to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and
the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, have
been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis during
the periods involved (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto and
except, in the case of the unaudited interim statements, as may be permitted
under Form 10-Q of the Exchange Act) and fairly present in all material
respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its
consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated
results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended
(subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit
adjustments).   (c) The Company and the Company Subsidiaries have no
liabilities of any nature, whether accrued, absolute, contingent or
otherwise, and whether or not required to be disclosed on a balance sheet
prepared in accordance with GAAP, except liabilities (i) disclosed in the SEC
Documents filed prior to the date of this Agreement (the "Filed SEC
Documents"), including liabilities stated or reserved against in the
financial statements of the Company or in the notes thereto included in the
Filed SEC Documents, (ii) relating to any obligations remaining to be
performed by the Company or any Company Subsidiary in accordance with the
terms of any agreement to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary is a
party (other than liabilities for Product warranty obligations thereunder),
(iii) incurred in the ordinary and usual course of business consistent with
past practice since September 30, 2003 or (iv) that would not,   
16    individually or in the aggregate, be material to the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.   Section 4.6 Information Supplied.
None of the information supplied or to be supplied by or on behalf of the
Company for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Proxy Statement
will, at the date the Proxy Statement is first mailed to the stockholders of
the Company or at the time of the Stockholders Meeting, contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading, except
that no representation or warranty is made by the Company with respect to
statements made or incorporated by reference therein based on information
supplied in writing by or on behalf of Parent or Sub specifically for
inclusion or incorporation by reference therein. The Proxy Statement will
comply as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.   Section
4.7 Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Except as set forth in Section
4.7(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, since September 30, 2003, (a) the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries have conducted their business only in
the ordinary and usual course of business consistent with past practice,
(b) there has not been any Company Material Adverse Effect, (c) none of the
Company or any Company Subsidiary has taken any action that, if taken after
the date of this Agreement, would constitute a breach of any of the covenants
set forth in Section 6.1(a)(iv), 6.1(a)(v), 6.1(a)(vi), 6.1(a)(xiii) or
6.1(a)(xx) of this Agreement and (d) the Company and the Company Subsidiaries
have not made any capital expenditure or expenditures in excess of the
amounts set forth in Section 4.7(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule.  
Section 4.8 Litigation.   (a) Except as set forth in Section 4.8(a) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, as of the date hereof, there is no Proceeding
pending in which the Company or any Company Subsidiary is a named party or,
to the Knowledge of the Company, any material Proceeding threatened against
or affecting the Company or any Company Subsidiary.   (b) There are no
outstanding Orders against the Company or any Company Subsidiary, any of
their properties, assets or businesses, or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
any Person whom the Company has agreed to indemnify that, individually or in
the aggregate, are material to the Company and the Company Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole.   Section 4.9 Contracts.   (a) The Company has made
available to Parent prior to the date of this Agreement complete and correct
copies of each of the Significant Agreements, each as amended or modified to
the date hereof (including any waivers currently in effect with respect
thereto). Each of the Significant Agreements is valid and binding on the
Company or a Company Subsidiary, as applicable, and, to the Knowledge of the
Company, on each other party thereto, and is in full force and effect, except
in each case as may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors\'
rights    17    generally, and subject in each case to general
principles of equity. Except as set forth in Section 4.9(a)(i) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has
received any notice (written or oral) of cancellation or termination of, or
expressed desire to cancel or terminate, any of the Significant Agreements.
Except as set forth in Section 4.9(a)(ii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
since January 1, 2003, no party to a Significant Agreement has requested any
material amendment to such agreement.   (b) No condition exists or event has
occurred that (whether with or without notice or lapse of time or both) would
constitute a material violation or default by the Company or any Company
Subsidiary or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any other party thereto under
any Significant Agreement or result in a right of termination of any
Significant Agreement.   (c) Except as set forth in Section 4.9(c)(i) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule or with respect to restrictions imposed by
Licenses In and Licenses Out, the Company is not subject to the terms of any
right of first refusal, option or exclusivity agreement (including any area
restrictions) that may restrict in any way the conduct or operations or
future conduct or operations of the business of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary or the use of any Intellectual Property Rights. Except as set
forth in Section 4.9(c)(ii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company
is not subject to the terms of any non-competition agreement.   (d) Set
forth in Section 4.9(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedule is a list of all
written agreements between the Company or any Company Subsidiary and any
distributor or reseller currently in effect, complete and correct copies of
which have been delivered or made available to Parent prior to the date of
this Agreement (including any waivers currently in effect with respect
thereto).   Section 4.10 Compliance with Laws.   (a) The business and
operations of the Company and each of the Company Subsidiaries has been and
is being conducted in compliance in all material respects with all Applicable
Laws and Orders, including, without limitation, ERISA, Environmental Laws,
Health and Safety Laws, and all Applicable Laws and Orders relating to
antitrust or trade regulation, and employment practices and procedures. None
of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries has, since December 31,
1998, been subject to any Order with respect to any of the foregoing or
received any written notice, demand letter, federal or state administrative
inquiry, or formal complaint or claim with respect to any of the foregoing or
the enforcement of any of the foregoing, nor has the Company or any Company
Subsidiary been the subject of any criminal Proceedings or convicted of any
felony or misdemeanor. In particular, and without limiting the foregoing,
none of the Company, the Company Subsidiaries, or any director, officer or,
to the Knowledge of the Company, agent or employee of the Company or the
Company Subsidiaries acting in such capacity has, directly or indirectly, (i)
violated or been under investigation for violating any Applicable Law or
regulation relating to Medicare or Medicaid anti-kickback fraud and abuse or
been debarred from participating in the Medicare or any state Medicaid
program, (ii) used any corporate funds of the Company or any of the Company
Subsidiaries for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment, or other
unlawful expenses relating to political activity, (iii) made any
unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials   
18    or employees or to foreign or domestic political parties or
campaigns from corporate funds, (iv) violated any provision of the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, (v) established or maintained any
unlawful or unrecorded fund of corporate moneys or other assets or properties
of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries, (vi) made any false or
fictitious entry on the books or records of the Company or any of the
Company Subsidiaries, (vii) made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence
payment, kickback, or other unlawful payment, or made any other payment of a
similar or comparable nature, whether lawful or not, to any Person,
regardless of form, whether in money, property, or services, to obtain
favorable treatment in securing business or to obtain special concessions, or
to pay for favorable treatment for business secured or for special
concessions already obtained, which as to the preceding clauses (i) through
(vii) would be reasonably likely, individually or in the aggregate, to be
material to the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. Each
of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries has adequate financial controls
that would reasonably be expected to prevent such improper or unlawful
contributions, payments, gifts, entertainment or expenditures.   (b) The
Company and each of the Company Subsidiaries have in effect all Permits
necessary for them to own, lease, sublease, license or operate their
properties and assets and to carry on their businesses as now conducted, and
there has occurred no default under, or violation of, any such Permit, except
for defaults under, or violations of, Permits which default or
violation individually or in the aggregate would not be material to the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.   Section 4.11
Employment Matters. Except as set forth in Section 4.11 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule:   (a) In the last three (3) years, neither the Company
nor any Company Subsidiary has experienced, nor were there threatened or
pending, any labor strikes, slowdowns, lockouts, grievances or other disputes
arising out of any collective bargaining agreement. There are no unfair labor
practice charges or complaints against the Company or any Company Subsidiary
pending before the National Labor Relations Board or any foreign equivalent.
To the Knowledge of the Company, there has been no organizational effort made
or threatened by or on behalf of any labor union with respect to employees of
the Company or any Company Subsidiary.   (b) There are no collective
bargaining or other labor union agreements to which the Company or any
Company Subsidiary is a party or by which it is bound.   (c) The Company
has heretofore delivered or made available copies to Parent of each material
personnel policy, rule or procedure applicable to employees of the Company
and the Company Subsidiaries.   (d) Neither the Company nor any Company
Subsidiary is a party to, or otherwise bound by, any consent decree or
settlement agreement with, or citation by, any Governmental Entity relating
to employees or employment practices.   (e) In the past three (3) years,
the Company has complied in all material respects with the notification
provisions (or paid severance in lieu thereof) of the WARN Act and similar
state or foreign laws.    19     (f) Neither the Company nor any
Company Subsidiary has caused any of its employees to suffer an "employment
loss" (as defined in the WARN Act) during the ninety (90) day period prior to
the date hereof.   (g) Except as set forth in Section 4.11(g) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, there is no material employment law or labor relations
suit, claim, charge, action, investigation, hearing or Proceeding pending or,
to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or any
Company Subsidiary.   Section 4.12 Employee Benefit Plans; ERISA.   (a)
Section 4.12(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains a true and
complete list of each employment (other than at-will offer letters with
no severance or compensation term guarantee), bonus, deferred
compensation, incentive compensation, stock purchase, stock option, stock
appreciation right or other stock-based incentive, severance, change-in-
control, or termination pay, hospitalization or other medical, disability,
life or other insurance, supplemental unemployment benefits, profit-sharing,
pension, or retirement plan, program, agreement or arrangement and each other
employee benefit plan, program, agreement or arrangement, sponsored,
maintained or contributed to or required to be contributed to by the Company
or any Company Subsidiary, or by any trade or business, whether or not
incorporated (an "ERISA Affiliate"), that together with the Company or any
Company Subsidiary would be deemed a "single employer" under Section 414(b),
(c), (m) or (o) of the Code, for the benefit of any current or former
employee or director of the Company, or any Company Subsidiary or any ERISA
Affiliate (the "Plans"). Section 4.12(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
identifies each Plan that is an "employee welfare benefit plan" or "employee
pension benefit plan" as such terms are defined in Sections 3(1) and 3(2) of
ERISA (such plans being hereinafter referred to collectively as the "ERISA
Plans").   (b) With respect to each of the Plans, the Company has
heretofore delivered or made available to Parent true and complete copies of
each of the following documents, as applicable:   (i) a copy of the Plan
(including all amendments thereto) for each  written material Plan or a
written description of any material Plan that  is not otherwise in
writing;   (ii) a copy of the annual report or IRS Form 5500 Series, if
required  under ERISA, with respect to each ERISA Plan for the last two (2)
Plan  years ending prior to the date of this Agreement for which such a
report  was filed;   (iii) a copy of the actuarial report, if required
under ERISA, with  respect to each ERISA Plan for the last two (2) Plan years
ending prior to  the date of this Agreement;   (iv) a copy of the most
recent Summary Plan Description, together  with all Summary of Material
Modifications issued with respect to such  Summary Plan Description, if
required under ERISA, with respect to each  ERISA    20     Plan, and
all other material employee communications relating to each ERISA  Plan;  
(v) if the Plan is funded through a trust or any other funding  vehicle (or
if a rabbi trust or a similar arrangement has been established  in connection
with a Plan), a copy of the trust, other funding vehicle, or  arrangement
(including all amendments thereto) and the latest financial  statements
thereof, if any;   (vi) all contracts relating to the Plans with respect to
which the  Company, any Company Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate may have
any  material liability; and   (vii) the most recent determination letter
received from the IRS with  respect to each Plan that is intended to be
qualified under Section 401(a)  of the Code.   (c) None of the Company, any
Company Subsidiary nor any ERISA Affiliate has any formal plan or binding
commitment to create any additional Plan or modify or change any existing
Plan that would affect any current or former employee or director of the
Company, any Company Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate, except as required by
Applicable Law or to conform such Plan to the requirements of any Applicable
Law. There are no understandings, agreements or undertakings, written or
oral, or omissions that would prevent or impair any Plan (including any Plan
covering retirees or other former employees) from being amended or terminated
by the Company or the applicable Company Subsidiary (or any successor
thereto) on or at any time after the Effective Time.   (d) None of the
Company, any Company Subsidiary nor any ERISA Affiliate has ever maintained,
contributed to or been obligated to contribute to any employee pension
benefit plan that is, or ever was, subject to Title IV of ERISA. No Plan is a
"multi-employer pension plan," as such term is defined in Section 3(37) of
ERISA.   (e) None of the Company, any Company Subsidiary, any ERISA
Affiliate, any of the ERISA Plans, any trust created thereunder, nor to the
Company\'s Knowledge, any trustee or administrator thereof has engaged in a
transaction or has taken or failed to take any action in connection with
which the Company, any Company Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate could be
subject to any material liability for either a civil penalty assessed
pursuant to Section 409 or 502(i) of ERISA or a Tax imposed pursuant to
Section 4975, 4976 or 4980B of the Code.   (f) Each of the Plans has been
operated and administered in all material respects in accordance with
Applicable Laws, including but not limited to ERISA and the Code.   (g)
Other than routine claims for benefits, there are no suits, claims, actions,
audits, investigations, IRS or DOL voluntary compliance programs or other
Proceedings pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against
or otherwise involving any Plan.    21     (h) The Company has received
a determination letter from the IRS stating that each of the ERISA Plans that
is intended to be "qualified" within the meaning of Section 401(a) of the
Code is so qualified, and the Company is aware of no event that has occurred
that would affect such qualified status. Any fund established under an ERISA
Plan that is intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 501(c)(9) of the
Code has satisfied such requirements.   (i) Except as set forth in Section
4.12(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not, either alone or in
combination with any other event, (i) entitle any current or former employee,
officer, director or consultant of the Company, any Company Subsidiary or any
ERISA Affiliate to severance pay, unemployment compensation or any other
similar termination payment or (ii) accelerate the time of payment or
vesting, or increase the amount of, or otherwise enhance, any benefit due to
any such employee, officer, director or consultant.   (j) Except as set
forth in Section 4.12(j) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no amounts
payable under any of the Plans or any other contract, agreement or
arrangement with respect to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary may
have any liability could fail to be deductible for federal income tax
purposes by virtue of Section 162(m) or Section 280G of the Code.   (k) No
Plan provides benefits, including without limitation death or medical
benefits (whether or not insured), with respect to current or
former employees of the Company, any Company Subsidiary or any ERISA
Affiliate after retirement or other termination of service (other than (i)
coverage mandated by Applicable Laws, (ii) death benefits or retirement
benefits under any employee pension benefit plan or (iii) benefits, the full
direct cost of which are borne by the current or former employee (or
beneficiary thereof)).   (l) Section 4.12(l) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule lists all outstanding Options as of the date hereof, showing for
each Option: (i) the total number of shares subject to such Option, (ii) the
number of vested shares subject to such Option at December 31, 2003, in the
case of Options granted on or prior to December 31, 2003, and at the date
hereof, in the case of Options granted after December 31, 2003, in each case
not giving effect to any acceleration of Options pursuant to Section 7.7
hereof, (iii) the date of expiration of such Option, (iv) the exercise price
per share of such Option and (v) the Option Plan under which the Option was
granted.   (m) With respect to each Foreign Plan: (i) all employer and
employee contributions to each Foreign Plan required by Applicable Law or by
the terms of such Foreign Plan have been made, or, if applicable, accrued, in
accordance with normal accounting practices; (ii) the fair market value of
the assets of each funded Foreign Plan, the liability of each insurer for any
Foreign Plan funded through insurance or the book reserve established for any
Foreign Plan, together with any accrued contributions, is sufficient to
procure or provide for the accrued benefit obligations with respect to all
current and former participants in such plan according to the actuarial
assumptions and valuations most recently used to determine employer
contributions to such Foreign Plan, and no transaction contemplated by this
Agreement shall cause such assets or insurance obligations to be less than
such benefit obligations; and (iii) each Foreign Plan   
22    required to be registered has been registered and has been
maintained in good standing with applicable regulatory authorities.   (n)
As of the date hereof, to the Knowledge of the Company, other than as
provided under the terms of the Plans, none of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary has made any representation or commitment to, or entered into any
formal or informal understanding with, any employee of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary with respect to compensation, benefits, or terms
of employment to be provided by Parent, the Surviving Corporation or any of
the Surviving Corporation\'s Subsidiaries at or subsequent to the Effective
Time.   (o) None of assets of any Plan that are plan assets for purposes
of Title I of ERISA are employer securities or employer real property.  
(p) Section 4.12(p) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth (i) the
aggregate amount of payroll deductions as of the date of this Agreement that
have been allocated for purchases of common stock of the Company with respect
to each offering period underway on the date of this Agreement and (ii) the
fair market value of a share of common stock of the Company on the
Offering Date (as defined in the ESPP) with respect to each offering period
underway on the date of this Agreement.   Section 4.13 Taxes.   (a)
Except as set forth in Section 4.13(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
all material Tax Returns required to be filed by or with respect to the
Company or any Company Subsidiary have been filed and all material
Taxes required to be paid by or with respect to the Company or any
Company Subsidiary, whether disputed or not and whether or not shown on any
Tax Return, have been paid, except Taxes that are being contested in good
faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate provision in
accordance with GAAP has been made in the pertinent financial statements
referred to in Section 4.5 hereof. All such material Tax Returns were true,
correct and complete in all material respects when filed. The provisions for
Taxes on the financial statements are sufficient as of their respective dates
for the payment of all accrued and unpaid Taxes of any nature of the Company
and the Company Subsidiaries, whether or not assessed or disputed, to the
extent required by GAAP.   (b) All material Taxes and other assessments and
levies which the Company or any Company Subsidiary is required to withhold or
collect have been withheld and collected and have been paid over to the
proper Governmental Entities in connection with amounts paid or owing to any
employee, independent contractor, creditor, stockholder or other third party
in accordance with Applicable Law.   (c) There is no pending or proposed
dispute or Proceeding concerning any Tax liability of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary either (i) claimed or raised by any Governmental Entity in
writing and delivered to the Company or (ii) as to which the Company has
Knowledge based upon personal contact with any agent of or other Person
acting on behalf of or for such Governmental Entity. Neither the Company nor
any of the Company Subsidiaries has received notice of any claim made by any
Governmental Entity in a jurisdiction where the    23    Company or
such Company Subsidiary does not file Tax Returns that the Company or such
Company Subsidiary is or may be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction.  
(d) There is no outstanding agreement, waiver or consent providing for an
extension of the statutory period of limitations with respect to any Taxes or
Tax Returns of the Company or a Company Subsidiary.   (e) There are no Liens
for Taxes with respect to the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries,
other than (i) Liens for Taxes not yet due and payable and (ii) Liens in
respect of Taxes being contested in good faith and for which appropriate
reserves have been established.   (f) Neither the Company nor any of the
Company Subsidiaries is a party to or is otherwise bound by any agreement or
understanding providing for the allocation or sharing of Taxes or has any
obligation or liability under any such agreement or understanding to which it
was once a party or otherwise bound.   (g) Neither the Company nor any of
the Company Subsidiaries is a party to a "tax shelter" or a "listed
transaction" as defined in Section 6111 of the Code or the regulations
thereunder.   (h) Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has (i)
been a member of an affiliated group as defined under Section 1504 of the
Code (other than an affiliated group of which the common parent was the
Company) and (ii) liability for Taxes of any Person (other than the Company
or a Company Subsidiary) under Treas. Reg. 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision
of state, local or foreign law), as a transferee or successor, by contract or
otherwise.   Section 4.14 Environmental.   (a) Except as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, be material to the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, each of the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries has complied with all applicable Environmental Laws, and no
Proceeding, charge, demand, or notice has been filed, commenced or, to the
Knowledge of the Company, threatened against any of the Company or the
Company Subsidiaries alleging any failure to so comply. Without limiting the
generality of the preceding sentence, each of the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries has obtained all Permits that are required under, and has
complied with all other limitations, restrictions, conditions, standards,
prohibitions, requirements, obligations, schedules, and timetables that are
contained in, all Environmental Laws, except in each foregoing case where the
failure to obtain any such Permit or any non-compliance, individually or in
the aggregate, would not be material to the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.   (b) Except as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, be material to the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole:   (i) none of the Company or any of the
Company Subsidiaries has any  liability for damage to any site, location or
body of water (surface or  subsurface), for any illness of or personal injury
to any employee or    24     other individual, or for any other reason,
in each case under applicable  Environmental Laws; and   (ii) none of the
Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries has  handled or disposed of any
Hazardous Substance, arranged for the disposal  of any Hazardous Substance,
exposed any employee or other individual to  any Hazardous Substance or
condition or owned or operated any property or  facility in any manner that
could reasonably be expected to form the basis  for any present or future
Proceeding, charge, or demand against the  Company or any Company
Subsidiary.   (c) All properties and equipment used in the business of the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries are now and have been free from any
Hazardous Substance that would be material to the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except for reasonable quantities of
substances typically used and reasonably necessary for the ordinary operation
of the business of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries or the
maintenance of any real property set forth on Section 4.15(a) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, so long as such substances are used, transported, stored
and handled in accordance with applicable Environmental Laws.   Section
4.15 Title to Properties.   (a) Set forth in Section 4.15(a) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule is a list of all of the real property leased, subleased
or otherwise occupied by the Company or any Company Subsidiary. Neither the
Company nor any Company Subsidiary owns either directly or as a beneficiary
any real property. Other than with respect to Intellectual Property Rights,
which are addressed in Section 4.16, each of the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries has good and marketable title to, or valid leasehold interests
in, all its properties and assets, free and clear of all Liens and other
encumbrances, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, be
material to the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. Each
of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries enjoys peaceful and undisturbed
possession of the properties under all real property leases, except as would
not, individually or in the aggregate, be material to the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.   (b) Neither the Company nor any
Company Subsidiary has received or given notice of default under any real
property leases and, to the Knowledge of the Company, there is no event that,
with notice or the passage of time or both, would constitute a material
default under such leases. The Company has not received notice of any pending
or threatened taking by eminent domain or condemnation of any of the real
property identified in Section 4.15(a) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule.   (c) All premises constituting a part of the real property
identified in Section 4.15(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule are in good
operating condition and repair, and there are no material defects in the
physical condition of any land, buildings or improvements constituting part
of such real property.    25     (d) The execution and delivery of
this Agreement do not, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement shall not, impair in any material respect, or give rise to
a right of termination, amendment, cancellation or acceleration of any
obligation or to a loss of a material benefit under, any material lease,
license, sublease, easement, covenant, condition, restriction, contract,
instrument, permit or other instrument or obligation relating to the real
property identified in Section 4.15(a) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule.   Section 4.16 Intellectual Property. The Company and the
Company Subsidiaries own or possess adequate licenses or other valid rights
to use the Material Intellectual Property Rights, which Material Intellectual
Property Rights are included in Sections 1.1(a), 1.1(b), 1.1(c), 1.1(e),
1.1(f) and 1.1(h) of the Company Disclosure Schedule. Except as set forth in
Section 1.1(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor
any of the Company Subsidiaries has granted to any other Person any license
to use any of the foregoing, other than "label or product use licenses"
granted to customers and distributors of the Company or the Company
Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice. Except as set forth in Section 4.16 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, to the Knowledge of the Company, there is no infringement by any
Person of any Material Intellectual Property Rights. Except as set forth in
Section 4.16 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company or a Company
Subsidiary holds all right, title and interest in, has maintained in good
standing, and has no Liens, oppositions, actions for cancellation, nullity,
invalidation or the like pending against Patents Owned, Copyrights,
Trademarks and Domain Names. To the Knowledge of the Company, all Patents
Licensed have been maintained in good standing, and have no Liens,
oppositions, actions for cancellation, nullity, invalidation or the like
pending against them. All Licenses In and Licenses Out are in full force and
effect, have not terminated or expired, and there are no material disputes or
actions threatened or pending regarding the same. Except as set forth
in Section 4.16 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there are no third
party Intellectual Property Rights (other than patents and trademarks) and,
to the Knowledge of the Company, no third party patents or trademarks, that
are infringed by any Products (including Products under development if they
were currently being sold) or existing activities of the Company or a
Company Subsidiary. To the Knowledge of the Company, all employees of the
Company have entered into written agreements with the Company obligating the
employee (a) to assign to the Company the employee\'s rights in any
invention, whether patentable or patented, software, trade secret or
technical information conceived, generated, made or reduced to practice by
the employee under his/her employment with the Company, and (b) to maintain
the confidentiality of Company information. The sections of the Company
Disclosure Schedule referenced under the definitions for Copyrights, Domain
Names, Licenses In, Licenses Out, Patents Owned, Patents Licensed and
Trademarks list (i) all patents and patent applications, copyright
registrations, trademarks, service marks and Internet domain names owned by
the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries that are material to the
business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (ii) all
licenses, sublicenses and other agreements pursuant to which the Company or
any Company Subsidiary is authorized to use any third party
patents, copyrights, trademarks or service marks and that are material to the
business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole and (iii) all
licenses, sublicenses and other agreements pursuant to which the Company or
any Company Subsidiary authorizes any third party to use any patents,
copyrights, trademarks or service marks owned or licensed by the Company or
any Company    26    Subsidiary and that are material to the business
of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.   Section 4.17
Voting Requirements. The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares of Company Common Stock in favor of the approval and
adoption of this Agreement and the Merger (the "Stockholder Approval") is the
only vote of the holders of any class or series of the Company\'s capital
stock necessary to approve this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby.   Section 4.18 State Takeover Statutes. The Company Board has
unanimously approved the terms of this Agreement and the consummation of the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the
Stockholder Agreement, and such approval is sufficient to render inapplicable
to the Merger, this Agreement, the Stockholder Agreement, and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Stockholder Agreement the
provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL to the extent, if any, such Section is
applicable to the Merger, this Agreement, the Stockholder Agreement, and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Stockholder
Agreement. To the Company\'s Knowledge after consultation with the Company\'s
outside legal counsel, no other state takeover statute or similar statute or
regulation applies to or purports to apply to the Merger, this Agreement, the
Stockholder Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or
the Stockholder Agreement.   Section 4.19 Rights Agreement. The Rights
Agreement has been amended to (a) render the Rights Agreement inapplicable to
this Agreement, the Stockholder Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Stockholder Agreement,
(b) ensure that (i) none of Parent, Sub, or their respective Affiliates is or
will be an Acquiring Person (as defined in the Rights Agreement) pursuant to
the Rights Agreement solely by virtue of the execution of this Agreement or
the Stockholder Agreement or the consummation of the Merger or the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Stockholder Agreement and
(ii) a Distribution Date, a Section 8(a)(ii) Event, a Section 10 Event or a
Stock Acquisition Date (as such terms are defined in the Rights Agreement)
does not occur solely by reason of the execution of this Agreement or the
Stockholder Agreement, the consummation of the Merger or the consummation of
the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Stockholder
Agreement and (c) provide that the Final Expiration Date (as defined in the
Rights Agreement) shall occur immediately prior to the Effective Time.  
Section 4.20 Tangible Assets. Except as set forth in Section 4.20 of
the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company and each Company Subsidiary
owns, leases or has the legal right to use all the tangible properties and
assets necessary for the conduct of its business and, with respect to
contract rights, is a party to all, and enjoys the right to the benefits of
all, contracts or other agreements necessary for the conduct of its business,
except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, be material to the
Company and Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. All of the property,
plant and equipment of the Company and each Company Subsidiary has been
maintained in good operating condition and repair, ordinary wear and tear
excepted, and is sufficient to permit the Company and each Company Subsidiary
to conduct its operations in the ordinary course of business consistent with
their past practices.    27     Section 4.21 Brokers; Schedule of Fees
and Expenses. Except for U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray Inc. (the "Company
Financial Advisor"), a complete and correct copy of whose engagement
agreement (which engagement agreement includes all fee arrangements between
the Company and the Company Financial Advisor) has been provided to Parent
and whose fees and expenses will be paid by the Company, no broker, finder,
investment banker, financial advisor or other Person is entitled to any
broker\'s, finder\'s, financial advisor\'s or other similar fee or commission
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon
arrangements made by or on behalf of the Company.   Section 4.22 Opinion of
Financial Advisor. The Company Board has received the opinion of the Company
Financial Advisor dated the date hereof, to the effect that, as of such date,
the consideration to be received in the Merger by the Company\'s stockholders
is fair to the Company\'s stockholders from a financial point of view, and a
signed copy of such opinion has been, or promptly shall be, provided to
Parent.   Section 4.23 Regulatory Compliance.   (a) (i) With respect to
each of the Products (including, to the extent applicable, Products under
development): (A) the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, and to the
Knowledge of the Company, the suppliers and distributors material to the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, have obtained all
applicable approvals, clearances and registrations required by any
governmental or supranational regulatory authority or private accreditation
body, including but not limited to the FDA, European Union Competent
Authorities and Notified Bodies, and public and private Institutional Review
Boards (IRBs) and Independent Ethics Committees (IECs), to permit
any manufacturing, distribution, sales, customer service, marketing or
human research and development activities of the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries to date (the "Activities to Date") with respect to each Product
(collectively, "Approvals"); (B) the Company and the Company Subsidiaries,
and to the Knowledge of the Company, the suppliers and distributors material
to the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are in
compliance in all material respects with the terms and conditions of each
Approval and with all requirements pertaining to the Activities to Date with
respect to each Product which is not required to be the subject of an
Approval; and (C) the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, and to the
Knowledge of the Company, the suppliers material to the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are in compliance in all material
respects with all applicable requirements (as set forth in relevant statutes
and regulations) regarding registration or notification for each site (in any
country) at which each Product is manufactured, packed, held for distribution
or from which and into which it is distributed; (ii) all manufacturing
operations performed by or on behalf of the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries have been and are being conducted in all material respects in
compliance with relevant current good manufacturing practices, including, but
not limited to, the quality system regulations issued by the FDA, and to the
extent applicable, counterpart regulations in the European Union and all
other countries where compliance is required; (iii) all nonclinical
laboratory studies of Products under development sponsored by the Company and
the Company Subsidiaries and intended to be used to support regulatory
clearance or approval have been and are being conducted in all material
respects in compliance with the good laboratory practices as set forth in 21
C.F.R. Part 58 and applicable counterpart regulations in the European Union
and other countries; (iv) all clinical studies of marketed or investigational
Products    28    sponsored by the Company and the Company Subsidiaries
and intended to support a regulatory clearance or approval have been and are
being conducted in all material respects in compliance with relevant good
clinical practices including as reflected in the FDA\'s regulations and the
International Conference on Harmonisation (ICH) GCP consolidated Guideline
(E6), as applicable; and (v) the Company and the Company Subsidiaries are in
all material respects in compliance with all reporting requirements for all
Approvals or plant registrations described in clause (a)(i) above; except, in
the case of the preceding clauses (a)(i) through (a)(v), for any such failure
to obtain or noncompliance that, individually or in the aggregate, would not
be material to the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.
Other than in Japan, all Approvals are held in the name of the Company or a
Company Subsidiary. The Company\'s Japanese distributor is the holder of the
Japanese Approvals and is contractually obligated to assign them to the
Company upon termination of its distribution agreement with the Company.
Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is engaged in the servicing of
any Product. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing definition of
"Approvals," such definition shall specifically include, as applicable,
premarket approval applications under Section 515 of the FDCA, premarket
notifications under Section 510(k) of the FDCA, investigational device
exemptions under Section 520(g) of the FDCA, product export permits issued
under Sections 801(e) and 802 of the FDCA and European Union Conformity
Markings (CE marks) issued by a European Union Notified Body.   (b) To the
Knowledge of the Company, there are no pending voluntary or involuntary
market withdrawals, field corrective actions (including recalls), destruction
orders, seizures, corrections or other major regulatory enforcement actions
related to any Product that would be, individually or in the aggregate,
material to the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.  
(c) To the Knowledge of the Company, neither the Company, the Company
Subsidiaries nor any of their respective officers, employees or agents has
made any untrue statement of a material fact or fraudulent statement to
any governmental or supranational regulatory authority or private
accreditation body in any jurisdiction, failed to disclose a fact required to
be disclosed to such an authority in any jurisdiction, or committed any act,
made any statement or failed to make any statement that would reasonably be
expected to provide a basis for (i) the FDA to invoke its policy respecting
"Fraud, Untrue Statements of Material Facts, Bribery and Illegal Gratuities"
set forth in 56 Fed. Reg. 46,191 (September 10, 1991) or (ii) any foreign
Person to invoke an equivalent policy or to effect a similar result.   (d)
The Company has, prior to execution of this Agreement, made available to
Parent copies of or made available for Parent\'s review any and all documents
in its or any of the Company Subsidiaries\' possession that the Company
believes are material to assessing the Company\'s or any of the
Company Subsidiaries\' compliance with the FDCA or the International
Standards Organization (and their respective implementing regulations) or any
other similar regulations in any applicable jurisdiction.   Section 4.24
Insurance. Section 4.24 of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a
complete and correct list of all material insurance policies owned or held by
the Company and each Company Subsidiary, true and complete copies of which
have been made available to Parent. All such policies are in full force and
effect, all premiums with respect    29    thereto covering all periods
up to and including the date hereof have been paid and no notice of
cancellation, termination or reservation of rights has been received with
respect to any such policy. Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary
has been refused any insurance with respect to its assets or operations, nor
has coverage been materially limited, by any insurance carrier to which it
has applied for any such insurance or with which it has carried insurance
during the last three (3) years. No material claims have been asserted during
the three-year period prior to the date of this Agreement by the Company or
any Company Subsidiary under any of the insurance policies of the Company or
the Company Subsidiaries or relating to their properties, assets or
operations.   Section 4.25 Affiliate Transactions. Except as set forth in
Section 4.25 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, as of the date hereof there
are, and except as permitted under Section 6.1(a)(xiii)(F) of this Agreement,
as of the Closing there will be, no loans, leases or other continuing
transactions between the Company or any Company Subsidiary and any present or
former director or officer thereof or any member of such director\'s or
officer\'s family, or any Person controlled by such officer or director or
his or her family, including, without limitation, any transaction that would
be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of SEC Regulation S-K.
Except as set forth in Section 4.25 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no
director or officer of the Company or any Company Subsidiary nor, to the
Knowledge of the Company, any of their respective spouses or family members,
owns directly or indirectly on an individual or joint basis any material
interest in, or serves as an officer or director or in another similar
capacity of, any entity that is a party to a Significant Agreement (other
than the Company and the Company Subsidiaries).    ARTICLE V  
Representations and Warranties of Parent and Sub   Parent and Sub hereby
represent and warrant to the Company as follows:   Section 5.1 Organization,
Standing and Corporate Power. Each of Parent and Sub is a corporation duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction in which it is incorporated and has all requisite corporate
power and authority to own, lease, possess and operate its properties and
assets and to carry on its business as now being conducted.   Section 5.2
Authority; Noncontravention.   (a) Parent and Sub each have all necessary
corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement by Parent and Sub and the
consummation by Parent and Sub of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the
part of each of Parent and Sub. This Agreement has been duly executed and
delivered by Parent and Sub and constitutes (assuming due authorization,
execution and delivery by the Company) a valid and binding obligation of each
of Parent and Sub, enforceable against each of Parent and Sub in accordance
with its terms.    30     (b) The execution and delivery of this
Agreement do not, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement and compliance with the provisions of this Agreement shall
not, (i) conflict with, or result in any violation of, the certificate of
incorporation or by-laws of either of Parent or Sub, (ii) conflict with, or
result in any violation of, any Applicable Law, or (iii) result in any breach
of, or constitute a default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or
both) under any loan or credit agreement, note, bond, mortgage, indenture,
lease, contract, instrument, permit, concession, franchise license or other
instrument or obligation other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii),
any such conflicts, violations, breaches or defaults that, individually or in
the aggregate, would not (x) impair in any material respect the ability of
either Parent or Sub to perform its obligations under this Agreement, or (y)
prevent or materially delay the consummation of any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.   (c) No consent, approval, Order or
authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with, or
notification to, any Governmental Entity is required by or with respect to
Parent or Sub in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement
by the Parent and Sub or the consummation by Parent or Sub of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except (i) the filing of a pre-
merger notification and report form by Parent and Sub under the HSR Act, and
compliance with the pre-merger notification requirements in Austria, Germany,
Ireland, Italy and the Czech Republic, (ii) the filing with the SEC of such
reports under the Exchange Act as may be required in connection with this
Agreement, the Stockholder Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby, (iii) the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware, and (iv) such other consents, approvals,
Orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations, filings and
notifications, the failure of which to be obtained or made would not,
individually or in the aggregate, (x) impair in any material respect the
ability of either Parent or Sub to perform its obligations under this
Agreement, or (y) prevent or materially delay the consummation of any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   Section 5.3 Information
Supplied. None of the information supplied or to be supplied by or on behalf
of Parent or Sub in writing expressly for inclusion in the Proxy Statement
will, at the date mailed to the Company\'s stockholders and at the time of
any meeting of the Company\'s stockholders to be held in connection with the
Merger, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are
made, not misleading.   Section 5.4 Brokers. No broker, finder, investment
banker, financial advisor or other Person, other than Morgan Stanley and Co.
Incorporated (whose fees and expenses will be paid by Parent), is entitled to
any broker\'s, finder\'s, financial advisor\'s or other similar fee or
commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Parent or Sub.   Section
5.5 Interim Operations of Sub. Sub was formed solely for the purpose of
engaging in the transactions contemplated hereby, has engaged in no other
business activities and has conducted its operations only as
contemplated hereby.    31     Section 5.6 Financing. Parent will make
available to Sub prior to the Closing sufficient cash, available lines of
credit or other sources of immediately available funds to enable it to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and to pay the
related fees and expenses of Parent and Sub.    ARTICLE VI   Covenants
Relating to Conduct of Business   Section 6.1 Conduct of Business.   (a)
Conduct of Business by the Company. During the period from the date of this
Agreement to the Effective Time, the Company shall, and shall cause each
Company Subsidiary to, in all material respects, conduct its businesses in
the ordinary course consistent with past practice and use all commercially
reasonable efforts to preserve intact its current business organization, keep
available the services of its current officers and employees and maintain its
existing relationships with customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees,
distributors, regulators, creditors, business partners and others having
business dealings with it. In addition, and without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, except as otherwise permitted by this Agreement, from the
date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, the Company shall not, and
shall cause each Company Subsidiary not to, without Parent\'s prior
written consent:   (i) (A) declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, or
make any other  distributions (whether in cash, stock or property) in respect
of, any of  its capital stock, other than dividends and distributions by a
direct or  indirect wholly-owned Subsidiary to its parent, (B) split, combine
or  reclassify any of its capital stock or issue or authorize the issuance
of  any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for 
shares of its capital stock, (C) purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any 
shares of capital stock of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or any 
other securities thereof or any rights, warrants or options to acquire any 
such shares or other securities, or (D) adopt a plan of complete or  partial
liquidation (or resolutions providing for or authorizing such  liquidation),
dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring,  recapitalization or
reorganization of the Company or any of the Company  Subsidiaries (other than
the Merger);   (ii) issue, deliver, sell, grant or encumber or authorize
the  issuance, delivery, sale, grant or encumbrance of, (A) any shares of
its  capital stock, (B) any Voting Debt or other voting securities, (C) any 
securities convertible into or exchangeable for, or any options, warrants  or
rights to acquire, any such shares, voting securities or convertible or 
exchangeable securities or (D) any "phantom" stock, "phantom" stock  rights,
stock appreciation rights or stock-based performance units; in the  case of
each of clauses (A) through (D), other than (x) upon the exercise  of Options
in accordance with their terms, (y) the issuance of shares of  Company Common
Stock (and associated Rights) pursuant to the ESPP in  accordance with its
present terms or (z) the issuance of Options with an  exercise price of 100%
of the then-current market price to promoted or    32     newly hired
employees pursuant to Option Plans in the ordinary course of  business
consistent with past practice (including with respect to the  number of
Options for the grade of employee);   (iii) amend its certificate of
incorporation, by-laws or other  comparable charter or organizational
documents;   (iv) acquire or agree to acquire (A) by merging or
consolidating  with, or by purchasing a substantial portion of the assets of,
or by any  other manner, any business or any Person, or division thereof or
(B) any  assets, except purchases of inventory, materials, supplies or
equipment in  the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
and except  for capital expenditures permitted under Section 6.1(a)(vii);  
(v) sell, lease, sublease, license, mortgage, sell and leaseback or 
otherwise encumber or permit to be subject to any Lien or otherwise  dispose
of any of its properties or assets, except sales of inventory,  Products,
surplus equipment or obsolete equipment in the ordinary course  of business
consistent with past practice;   (vi) (A) incur any long-term indebtedness
for borrowed money, incur  any short-term indebtedness for borrowed money or
guarantee any such  long-term or short-term indebtedness of another Person,
issue or sell any  debt securities or warrants or other rights to acquire any
debt securities  of the Company or any Company Subsidiaries, guarantee any
debt securities  of another Person, enter into any "keep well" or other
agreement to  maintain any financial statement condition of another Person or
enter into  any arrangement having the economic effect of any of the
foregoing or (B)  make any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or
investments in,  any other Person; in the case of each of clauses (A) and
(B), other than  (x) in or to the Company or the Company Subsidiaries, (y)
borrowings from  the Company\'s credit facilities existing as of the date
hereof or (z)  extensions of credit to customers, distributors or suppliers
of the  Company or the Company Subsidiaries; in the case of each of clauses
(x),  (y) and (z), in the ordinary course of business consistent with past 
practice (including with respect to any amounts borrowed);   (vii) make or
agree to make any new capital expenditure or  expenditures in excess of the
amounts set forth in Section 6.1(a)(vii) of  the Company Disclosure
Schedule;   (viii) (A) discharge, settle, assign or satisfy any claims,
whether  or not pending before a Governmental Entity, in excess of $200,000 
individually or $1,000,000 in the aggregate, or (B) cancel any material 
indebtedness;   (ix) except in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past  practice, modify, amend or terminate any Significant Agreement
or    33     agreement relating to Material Intellectual Property
Rights to which the  Company or any Company Subsidiary is a party or waive,
release or assign  any material rights or claims thereunder;   (x) (A)
enter into or extend any Significant Agreement or (B) enter  into or extend
any contracts, agreements, arrangements or understandings  relating to the
distribution, right to sell, license or co-promotion by or  with third
parties of the Products (including Products under development),  other than
contracts, agreements, arrangements or understandings that (x)  would not be
binding on the Parent, Surviving Corporation or any of their  Affiliates
following the Effective Time or (y) are terminable by the  Company and any
Company Subsidiary without payment or penalty upon thirty  (30) days\'
notice;   (xi) except in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past  practice, transfer, assign, terminate, cancel, abandon or modify any 
Approvals or fail to maintain any such Approvals as currently in effect;  
(xii) fail to use all commercially reasonable efforts to maintain all 
insurance policies as currently in effect or to prevent the lapse of any 
such policies;   (xiii) except as required to comply with Applicable Law,
(A) grant to  any officer, director or employee of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary  any increase in compensation, fringe benefits or other terms or
conditions  of employment, other than in connection with periodic increases
to  employee compensation and promotions conducted in the ordinary course
of  business and consistent with past practice, (B) grant to any present or 
former employee, officer, director, agent or consultant of the Company or 
any Company Subsidiary any increase in severance or termination pay, (C) 
enter into or amend any employment, consulting, indemnification,  change-in-
control, severance or existing termination agreement with any  present or
former employee, officer, director, agent or consultant, (D)  establish,
adopt, enter into or amend any Plan or other benefit or  compensation plan,
program, arrangement or agreement, except as may be  necessary to maintain
appropriate qualification under the Code or other  Applicable Law, (E) except
as permitted or required under Section 7.7,  take any action to accelerate
any rights or benefits, or make any material  determinations not in the
ordinary and usual course of business, under any  Plan, (F) loan or advance
money or other property in violation of the  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 or in
excess of $10,000 to any present or  former employees, officers or directors
of the Company or any Company  Subsidiary or make any change in any existing
borrowing or lending  arrangements on or on behalf of any such persons, (G)
grant any new, or  amend any existing, Option or enter into any agreement
under which any  Option would be required to be issued, including, but not
limited to, a  grant, or agreement to grant, any Option in connection with
the settlement  or payment of any award granted pursuant to an incentive or
bonus plan or  arrangement maintained by the Company or any Company
Subsidiary, except  (x) as permitted or required under Section 7.7 or (y) in
the case of the  issuance of Options with an    34     exercise price
of 100% of the then-current market price to promoted or  newly hired
employees pursuant to Option Plans in the ordinary course of  business
consistent with past practice (including with respect to the  number of
Options for the grade of employee) or (H) except as set forth in  Section 7.6
or as set forth in writing by Parent for the express purpose  of
communications with employees of the Company and the Company  Subsidiaries,
make any representation or commitment to, or enter into any  formal or
informal understanding with, any employee of the Company or any  Company
Subsidiary with respect to compensation, benefits, or terms of  employment to
be provided by Parent, the Surviving Corporation or any of  the Surviving
Corporation\'s Subsidiaries at or subsequent to the Effective  Time;  
(xiv) (A) terminate any employee who is a party to a Change of  Control
Severance Agreement with the Company or any Company Subsidiary,  (B)
terminate any related group of employees (in one or a series of  related
terminations), (C) hire any employee at the director level or  above or (D)
hire more than eight (8) sales force employees (other than an  employee hired
to replace an active sales force employee whose employment  is terminated
voluntarily or in accordance with the terms of this  Agreement);   (xv)
except as contemplated by Section 4.19, waive, amend or  otherwise alter the
Rights Agreement or redeem the Rights or take any  action to render Section
203 of the DGCL inapplicable to any transaction  other than the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and the  Stockholder Agreement;   (xvi)
transfer or license to any Person or allow to lapse or go  abandoned any
Material Intellectual Property Rights of the Company;   (xvii) enter into
any license agreement with any Person to obtain any  material Intellectual
Property Rights;   (xviii) commence, discharge or settle any Proceeding
relating to  Material Intellectual Property Rights;   (xix) accept any
returns of Products outside the ordinary course of  business consistent with
past practice;   (xx) except as required by GAAP, make any change in
accounting  methods, principles or practices;   (xxi) waive any provision
of any confidentiality agreement not  entered into in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past  practice (or otherwise entered into with a
third party in contemplation of  an Alternative Acquisition) or standstill
agreement to which the Company  or any Company Subsidiary is a party; or  
(xxii) commit or agree to take any of the foregoing actions.    35    
(b) Certain Tax Matters. From the date hereof until the Effective Time, the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries will (i) timely file or cause to be
timely filed all material Tax Returns, which shall be true, correct
and complete in all material respects ("Post-Signing Returns"), required to
be filed by it (after taking into account any applicable extensions); (ii)
timely pay all material Taxes due and payable with respect to such Post-
Signing Returns that are so filed; (iii) accrue a liability in its books and
records and financial statements in accordance with past practice and GAAP
for Taxes payable by the Company for which no Post-Signing Return is due
prior to the Effective Time; (iv) promptly notify Parent of any Proceeding
pending against or with respect to the Company or a Company Subsidiary in
respect of any Tax where there is a reasonable possibility of a determination
or decision that would have a material adverse effect on the Company\'s Tax
liabilities or Tax attributes and will not settle or compromise any such
Proceeding without Parent\'s prior written consent; (v) not make any material
Tax election, consent to any claim or assessment relating to any material
Taxes or any waiver of the statute of limitations for such claim or
assessment, settle or compromise any Tax liability or refund, change or adopt
a Tax accounting method or file any amended Tax Return without Parent\'s
prior written consent; and (vi) not engage in any "tax shelter" or "listed
transaction" as defined in Section 6111 of the Code or the regulations
thereunder.   (c) Advice of Changes; Filings. The Company and Parent
shall promptly advise the other party in writing of (i) any representation
or warranty made by it (and, in the case of Parent, made by Sub) contained in
this Agreement that becomes untrue or inaccurate in any respect or (ii) the
failure by it (and, in the case of Parent, by Sub) to comply with or satisfy
in any material respect any covenant, condition or agreement to be complied
with or satisfied by it under this Agreement. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the Company shall promptly advise Parent orally and in
writing of (i) any changes or events that, to the Knowledge of the Company,
individually or in the aggregate, would have, or be reasonably likely to
have, a Company Material Adverse Effect or (ii) the cancellation or
termination of any material insurance policy; provided, however, that no such
notification pursuant to this sentence or the preceding sentence shall affect
the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of the parties (or
remedies with respect thereto) or the conditions to the obligations of the
parties under this Agreement. The Company and Parent shall use all
commercially reasonable efforts to promptly provide the other with copies of
all filings made by such party with any Governmental Entity in connection
with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, other than the
portions of such filings that include confidential information not directly
related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   Section 6.2
No Solicitation.   (a) From the date of this Agreement until the earlier of
the Effective Time or the termination of this Agreement, the Company and
the Company Subsidiaries shall not (and the Company will not permit any of
its or any of the Company Subsidiaries\' officers, directors or employees or
any investment banker, financial advisor, attorney, accountant or
other representative retained by it or any of the Company Subsidiaries
(collectively, "Company Representatives") to) directly or indirectly (i)
solicit, initiate, facilitate, encourage, engage in discussions or negotiate
with any Person or take any other action intended or designed to facilitate
any inquiry or effort of any Person relating to any possible Alternative
Acquisition, (ii) provide information with respect to the Company or any
Company Subsidiary to any Person    36    relating to any possible
Alternative Acquisition or (iii) enter into any agreement with respect to any
proposal for any possible Alternative Acquisition. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, at any time prior to obtaining Stockholder Approval, the Company
Board may, to the extent necessary to inform itself with respect to an
unsolicited written bona fide proposal for an Alternative Acquisition (an
"Alternative Acquisition Proposal") that did not result from a breach of this
Section 6.2 and that the Company Board determines in good faith (after
consultation with outside legal counsel) is a Superior Company Proposal,
subject to providing prior written notice of its decision to take such action
to Parent, (x) furnish information with respect to the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries to the Person making such Alternative
Acquisition Proposal and its representatives pursuant to a confidentiality
agreement with terms no more favorable to the Person making the Alternative
Acquisition Proposal than those applicable to Parent under the
Confidentiality Agreement and (y) participate in discussions with such Person
and its representatives regarding such Alternative Acquisition Proposal. The
Company shall, and shall cause the Company Subsidiaries and Company
Representatives to, cease and cause to be terminated immediately all existing
discussions or negotiations conducted heretofore with respect to any proposal
that constitutes, or may reasonably be expected to lead to, an Alternative
Acquisition Proposal and obtain the return of all information provided to any
third party pursuant to a confidentiality agreement (subject to any rights
existing as of the date hereof of such third party to destroy such
information in lieu of returning such information to the Company and to
retain a copy solely for archival purposes, in either case pursuant to any
such confidentiality agreement) or otherwise in connection with such
discussions or negotiations. For purposes of this Section 6.2, the
term "Person" shall include any group as defined in the Exchange Act.   (b)
Except as expressly permitted by this Section 6.2, neither the Company Board
nor any committee thereof shall (i) withdraw or modify, or propose to
withdraw or modify, in a manner adverse to Parent or Sub, the approval or
recommendation by the Company Board or any such committee of this Agreement
or the Merger, (ii) approve or cause or permit the Company or any Company
Subsidiary to enter into any letter of intent, agreement in
principle, definitive agreement or similar agreement constituting or relating
to, or which is intended to or is reasonably likely to lead to, an
Alternative Acquisition (an "Acquisition Agreement"), (iii) approve or
recommend, or propose to approve or recommend, any Acquisition Agreement or
Alternative Acquisition Proposal or (iv) agree or resolve to take actions set
forth in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) of this sentence. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if, at any time prior to obtaining Stockholder Approval, the
Company Board receives a Superior Company Proposal that did not result from a
breach of this Section 6.2, the Company Board may, during such period, in
response to such Superior Company Proposal, withdraw or modify its
recommendation of this Agreement and the Merger at any time after the fourth
Business Day following Parent\'s receipt of written notice (a "Notice of
Superior Company Proposal") advising Parent that the Company Board has
received a Superior Company Proposal and intends to withdraw or modify its
recommendation, identifying the Person making such Superior Company Proposal
and specifying the financial and other material terms and conditions of such
Superior Company Proposal (it being understood that any amendment to the
price or material terms of a Superior Company Proposal shall require
an additional Notice of Superior Company Proposal and an additional two
(2) Business Day period thereafter to the extent permitted under Applicable
Law). In addition, at any time prior to obtaining Stockholder Approval, the
Company Board, to the extent required by the fiduciary obligations of the
Company Board under Delaware Law, as determined in good faith by the Company
Board (after consultation with outside legal counsel),    37    may
cause the Company to terminate this Agreement in accordance with
Section 9.1(e) (and concurrently with or after such termination, cause the
Company to enter into an Acquisition Agreement with respect to a Superior
Company Proposal); provided, however, that the Company shall not terminate
this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.1(e), and any purported termination
pursuant to Section 9.1(e) shall be void and of no force or effect, unless
the Company shall have complied with the provisions of this Section 6.2 and
the Company shall have paid to Parent the Termination Fee prior to or
concurrently with such termination; and provided further, however, that the
Company shall not be entitled to exercise its right to terminate this
Agreement pursuant to Section 9.1(e), (A) until after the fourth Business Day
following Parent\'s receipt of a Notice of Superior Company Proposal (it
being understood that any amendment to the price or any other material term
of a Superior Company Proposal shall require a new Notice of Superior Company
Proposal and an additional two (2) Business Day period) and (B) unless within
the four (4) Business Day period following the delivery of the Notice of
Superior Company Proposal (or the two (2) Business Day period following the
delivery of a new Notice of Superior Company Proposal due to an amendment of
a Superior Company Proposal), Parent has not proposed adjustments in the
terms and conditions of this Agreement as favorable from a financial point of
view to the Company\'s stockholders as such Superior Company Proposal.  
(c) In addition to the obligations of the Company set forth in paragraphs (a)
and (b) of this Section 6.2, the Company promptly, and in any event within
twenty-four (24) hours, shall (i) advise Parent in writing of receipt by it
(or any Company Representatives) of any Alternative Acquisition Proposal or
any inquiry indicating that any Person is considering making or wishes to
make an Alternative Acquisition Proposal, identifying such Person and the
financial and other material terms and conditions of any
Alternative Acquisition Proposal or potential Alternative Acquisition
Proposal and (ii) notify Parent after receipt of any request for nonpublic
information relating to the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries or for
access to the Company\'s or any of the Company Subsidiaries\' properties,
books or records by any Person that may be considering making, or has made,
an Alternative Acquisition Proposal, identifying such Person and the
information requested by such Person, and provide Parent with any nonpublic
information that is given to such Person pursuant to this Section 6.2(c). The
Company shall (i) keep Parent reasonably informed as to the status and the
financial and other material terms and conditions of any such Alternative
Acquisition Proposal, indication or request and (ii) provide to Parent as
promptly as practicable any applicable written agreement that describes any
of the terms or conditions of any Alternative Acquisition Proposal.   (d)
Nothing contained within this Section 6.2 shall prevent the Company Board
from complying with Rule 14e-2(a) under the Exchange Act with regard to any
Alternative Acquisition Proposal; provided, however, that except as set forth
in Section 6.2(b), in no event shall the Company Board or any committee
thereof withdraw or modify, or propose to withdraw or modify, its position
with respect to this Agreement or the Merger or adopt, approve or recommend,
or propose to adopt, approve or recommend, any Alternative Acquisition
Proposal.   (e) The parties agree that if any Company Representative takes
any action which may not be taken by the Company or any Company Subsidiary
under this Section 6.2, such action shall be deemed a material breach of
this Agreement by the Company.    38     ARTICLE VII   Additional
Agreements   Section 7.1 Preparation of the Proxy Statement; Stockholders
Meeting.   (a) As promptly as practicable following the date of this
Agreement, but in no event later than ten (10) Business Days thereafter, the
Company shall prepare and file with the SEC the preliminary Proxy Statement.
Each of the parties shall furnish all information concerning itself and its
Affiliates that is required to be included in the Proxy Statement or that is
customarily included in proxy statements prepared in connection with
transactions of the type contemplated by this Agreement. The Company shall
use all commercially reasonable efforts to respond as promptly as practicable
to any comments of the SEC with respect to the Proxy Statement and to cause
the definitive Proxy Statement to be mailed to the Company\'s stockholders as
promptly as reasonably practicable after the date of this Agreement. The
Company shall promptly notify Parent upon the receipt of any comments from
the SEC or its staff or any request from the SEC or its staff for amendments
or supplements to the Proxy Statement or for additional information and shall
provide Parent with copies of all correspondence between the Company and its
representatives, on the one hand, and the SEC and its staff, on the other
hand. If at any time prior to the Effective Time any information relating to
the Company or Parent, or any of their respective directors, officers or
Affiliates, should be discovered by the Company or Parent which should be set
forth in an amendment or supplement to the Proxy Statement, so that the Proxy
Statement would not include any misstatement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, the party which
discovers such information shall promptly notify the other parties, and an
appropriate amendment or supplement describing such information shall be
promptly filed with the SEC and, to the extent required by Applicable Law,
disseminated to the stockholders of the Company. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary stated above, prior to filing or mailing the Proxy Statement (or
any amendment or supplement thereto) or responding to any comments of the SEC
with respect thereto, the Company shall (i) provide Parent an opportunity to
review and comment on such document or response, (ii) include in such
document or response all comments reasonably proposed by Parent and (iii) not
file or mail such document or respond to the SEC prior to receiving Parent\'s
approval, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.  
(b) The Company shall, as soon as reasonably practicable following the date
of this Agreement, establish a record date (which will be as soon
as reasonably practicable following the date of this Agreement) for, duly
call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of its stockholders
(the "Stockholders Meeting") for the purpose of obtaining the Stockholder
Approval. The Company shall cause the Stockholders Meeting to be held as
promptly as reasonably practicable after the date of this Agreement. The
Company shall, through the Company Board, recommend to its stockholders that
they approve and adopt this Agreement and the Merger and include such
recommendation in the Proxy Statement, except to the extent that the Company
Board shall have withdrawn its recommendation of this Agreement or the Merger
as permitted by Section 6.2. Unless the Company Board has withdrawn its
recommendation in compliance with this Agreement, the Company shall use its
reasonable best efforts to solicit from    39    its stockholders
proxies in favor of the approval and adoption of this Agreement and the
Merger and to secure the Stockholder Approval.   Section 7.2 Access to
Information; Confidentiality. The Company shall, and shall cause each of the
Company\'s Subsidiaries to, afford to Parent, and to Parent\'s officers,
employees, accountants, legal counsel, financial advisors and other
representatives, full and complete access upon reasonable notice during
normal business hours during the period prior to the Effective Time or the
termination of this Agreement to all their respective properties,
books, contracts, commitments, personnel and records and, during such period,
the Company shall furnish promptly to Parent (i) a copy of each report,
schedule, registration statement and other document filed by it during such
period pursuant to the requirements of federal or state securities laws and
(ii) all other information concerning its business, properties and personnel
as Parent may reasonably request. Except as required by Applicable Law,
Parent shall hold, and shall cause its officers, employees, accountants,
legal counsel, financial advisors and other representatives and Affiliates to
hold, any and all information received from the Company, directly or
indirectly, in confidence, in accordance with the Confidentiality Agreement.
No investigation pursuant to this Section 7.2 shall affect any representation
or warranty in this Agreement of any party hereto or any condition to the
obligations of the parties hereto.   Section 7.3 Reasonable Efforts;
Notification.   (a) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
in this Agreement, each of the parties agrees to use all commercially
reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or
cause to be done, and to assist and cooperate with the other parties in
doing, all things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make
effective, in the most expeditious manner practicable, the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Stockholder
Agreement, including, but not limited to, (i) the obtaining of all necessary
actions or nonactions, waivers, consents and approvals from Governmental
Entities and the making of all necessary registrations and filings (including
filings with Governmental Entities pursuant to the HSR Act and any pre-merger
notification requirements in Austria, Germany, Ireland, Italy and the Czech
Republic) and the taking of all reasonable steps as may be necessary to
obtain any necessary approval or waiver from, or to avoid an action or
Proceeding by, any Governmental Entity, (ii) the obtaining of all necessary
consents, approvals or waivers from third parties, (iii) the defending of any
lawsuits or other legal proceedings, whether judicial or administrative,
challenging this Agreement, the Stockholder Agreement or the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including seeking to have
any stay or temporary restraining order entered by any court or other
Governmental Entity vacated or reversed and (iv) the execution and delivery
of any additional instruments necessary to consummate the transactions
contemplated by, and to fully carry out the purposes of, this Agreement. The
Company and the Company Board shall, if any state takeover statute or similar
statute or regulation is or becomes applicable to this Agreement, the
Stockholder Agreement, the Merger or any other transactions contemplated by
this Agreement or the Stockholder Agreement, use all their commercially
reasonable efforts to ensure that the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or the Stockholder Agreement may be
consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated by
this Agreement or the Stockholder Agreement, as applicable, and otherwise
to minimize the effect of such statute or regulation on    40    the
Merger, this Agreement, the Stockholder Agreement and the other transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby.   (b) The Company and Parent shall make
appropriate filings under each of the HSR Act and the pre-merger notification
requirements in Austria, Germany, Ireland, Italy and the Czech Republic with
respect to the transactions contemplated hereby within ten (10) Business Days
of the date hereof and respond as promptly as practicable to any inquiries
received from the Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division of the
Department of Justice for additional information or documentation and respond
as promptly as practicable to all inquiries and requests received from any
other Governmental Entity in connection with antitrust matters. Concurrently
with the filing of notifications under the HSR Act or as soon thereafter as
practicable, the Company and Parent shall each request early termination of
the HSR Act waiting period.   (c) In furtherance of the agreements of the
parties contained in this Section 7.3 and not in limitation thereof, if any
objections are asserted with respect to the Merger under the HSR Act, or if
any suit is instituted (or threatened to be instituted) by the Federal Trade
Commission, the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice or any other
Governmental Entity or any third party challenging any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, or which would otherwise prohibit or
materially impair or materially delay the consummation of the Merger, each of
Parent and the Company shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to
resolve any such objections or suits so as to permit consummation of the
Merger; provided, however, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
this Agreement, (i) the Company shall not, without Parent\'s prior written
consent, commit to any divestitures, licenses, hold separate arrangements or
similar matters, including covenants affecting business operating practices
(or allow any of the Company Subsidiaries to commit to any divestitures,
licenses, hold separate arrangements or similar matters), and the Company
shall commit to, and shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to effect
(and shall cause each of the Company Subsidiaries to commit to and use all
their commercially reasonable efforts to effect), any such divestitures,
licenses, hold separate arrangements or similar matters as Parent shall
request, but solely if such divestitures, licenses, hold
separate arrangements or similar matters are contingent on consummation of
the Merger and (ii) neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be
required to agree (with respect to (A) Parent or its Subsidiaries or (B) the
Company or the Company Subsidiaries) to any divestitures, licenses, hold
separate arrangements or similar matters, including covenants affecting
business operating practices.   (d) The Company and Parent each shall use
all commercially reasonable efforts to keep the other apprised of the status
of matters relating to completion of the transactions contemplated hereby,
including promptly furnishing the other with copies of notices or other
communications received by Parent, Sub or the Company, as the case may be, or
any of their respective Subsidiaries, from any third party and/or any
Governmental Entity with respect to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   Section 7.4 Public Announcements. Parent and Sub, on the one
hand, and the Company, on the other hand, shall consult with each other and
shall mutually agree upon any press release or other public statements with
respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except as may be
required by Applicable Law, court process or by obligations   
41    pursuant to any listing agreement with any national securities
exchange or national securities quotation system, in which case the party
proposing to issue such press release shall use all reasonable efforts to
give as much advance notice to the other party as possible and to consult in
good faith with the other party before issuing such press release or making
any such public announcement. The parties agree that the initial press
release to be issued with respect to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in the form heretofore agreed to by the parties.  
Section 7.5 Indemnification and Insurance.   (a) Parent and Sub agree that
all rights to indemnification for acts or omissions occurring prior to the
Effective Time now existing in favor of the directors or officers of the
Company (each an "Indemnified Party") as provided in its certificate of
incorporation or bylaws shall survive the Merger and shall continue in full
force and effect in accordance with their terms for a period of six (6) years
following the Effective Time, and accordingly, during such period, the
Surviving Corporation shall indemnify the Indemnified Parties to the same
extent as such Indemnified Parties currently are entitled
to indemnification.   (b) Parent shall, or shall cause the Surviving
Corporation to, maintain the Company\'s existing DandO; Insurance for a period
of not less than six (6) years after the Effective Time; provided, however,
that Parent or the Surviving Corporation may substitute therefor policies of
substantially similar coverage and amounts; provided further, that if the
existing DandO; Insurance expires or is cancelled during such period, Parent or
the Surviving Corporation shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to
obtain substantially similar DandO; Insurance; and provided further, that
neither Parent nor the Surviving Corporation shall be required to expend, in
order to maintain or procure an annual DandO; Insurance policy, an amount for
annual premiums in excess of two hundred fifty percent (250%) of the last
annual premium paid prior to the date hereof, but in such case shall purchase
as much coverage as possible for such amount.   (c) The provisions of this
Section 7.5 are intended to be for the benefit of, and shall be enforceable
by, each Indemnified Party and his or her heirs and representatives.  
Section 7.6 Benefits and Employment.   (a) As of the Effective Time, Parent
agrees to assume the Change in Control Severance Agreements listed in Section
7.6 of the Company Disclosure Schedule and to perform the Company\'s
obligations thereunder in the same manner and to the same extent as the
Company would be required thereunder to perform such obligations in the
absence of such assumption.   (b) As soon as commercially practicable after
the Effective Time, the Continuing Employees shall receive compensation and
benefits substantially comparable in the aggregate to those of similarly
situated employees of Parent based on Parent\'s evaluation of the nature and
scope of the employee\'s duties; principal location where those duties are
performed; grade level; and performance. Benefits provided to Continuing
Employees following the Effective Time may be provided through continuation
of the Plans or through employee benefit    42    plans of the
Surviving Corporation (or of Parent or the Surviving
Corporation\'s Subsidiaries, as the case may be), including, but not limited
to, retiree health plans, maintained, established or contributed to by
Parent, the Surviving Corporation or any of the Surviving Corporation\'s
Subsidiaries at or subsequent to the Effective Time (collectively, the
"Surviving Corporation Plans"). The Continuing Employees shall receive full
credit for periods of service with the Company or any Company Subsidiary
prior to the Effective Time for purposes of determining eligibility and
vesting under the Surviving Corporation Plans; provided, that credit will not
be given for purposes of benefit accruals (other than vacation policies), and
provided further, that as to any retiree health plan, Continuing Employees
will not receive credit for purposes of eligibility, vesting and benefit
accrual with respect to service for Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the
Surviving Corporation\'s Subsidiaries before the Effective Time. Any amounts
previously expended by Continuing Employees for purposes of satisfying
deductibles under any Plan for the applicable current plan year shall be
credited for purposes of satisfying any corresponding deductibles under the
Surviving Corporation Plans. No pre-existing condition limitations not
applicable under the Plans shall be imposed on Continuing Employees upon
admittance into any Surviving Corporation Plan. Nothing contained in this
Section 7.6 shall require Parent, the Surviving Corporation, or any of their
Affiliates to continue to employ or to continue any level of compensation and
benefits of any Company Employee for any period following the Effective Time
or create any third party rights.   (c) Except as set forth in Section
7.6(a) and Section 7.6(b), none of Parent, the Surviving Corporation or any
of the Surviving Corporation\'s Subsidiaries shall have any obligation to
continue any Plan as of or subsequent to the Effective Time; and each of
Parent and the Surviving Corporation shall have the right to amend, modify,
or terminate any Plan at or subsequent to the Effective Time.   Section 7.7
Stock Options/ESPP.   (a) Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall
take all action, including obtaining consents from holders of Options (as
defined below), necessary to cause each unexpired and unexercised stock
option under the Option Plans or otherwise granted by the Company outside the
Option Plans (each an "Option"), whether vested or unvested, to be canceled
immediately prior to the Effective Time. In consideration for such
cancellation, the holder of each such Option shall receive, as soon as
reasonably practicable at or after the Effective Time, a cash payment from
the Parent or the Surviving Corporation equal to the product of (i) the total
number of shares that were subject to such Option immediately prior to the
Effective Time, whether such Option was vested or unvested, and (ii) the
excess (if any) of (A) the Merger Consideration over (B) the exercise price
per share subject to such Option, such cash payment to be reduced by any
required withholding of Taxes.   (b) The Company shall take all such steps
as may be required to cause any dispositions of Company Common Stock
(including derivative securities with respect to the Company Common Stock)
resulting from the transactions contemplated by this Agreement by each
officer or director of the Company who is subject to the reporting
requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act with respect to the Company
to be exempt under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act, such steps
to be taken in accordance with the No-Action    43    Letter, dated
January 12, 1999, issued by the SEC to Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher and Flom
LLP.   (c) As of or prior to the Effective Time, the ESPP shall
be terminated. The rights of participants in the ESPP with respect to any
offering period then underway under the ESPP shall be determined in
accordance with Section 19(c) of the ESPP by the Company Board setting a new
exercise date under the ESPP to occur immediately following the final payroll
date prior to the Effective Time, on which date all purchase periods and
offering periods shall terminate. Immediately following the date of this
Agreement, the Company shall cause the administrator of the ESPP to prohibit
any participant in the ESPP from increasing his or her payroll deduction rate
prior to the Effective Time. The Company shall not commence any new purchase
periods or offering periods pursuant to the ESPP following the date of this
Agreement. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall take all actions
that are necessary to give effect to the transactions contemplated by this
Section 7.7(c).   (d) By adopting or approving this Agreement, the Company
Board shall be deemed to have approved and authorized, and the stockholders
of the Company shall be deemed to have approved and ratified, each and every
amendment to (and such other actions in respect of) the Option Plans and the
ESPP (and any other plan) and the agreements evidencing awards under the
Option Plans and the ESPP (and any other plan) as the officers of the Company
may deem necessary or appropriate to give effect to the provisions of this
Section 7.7.   (e) The Company shall deliver to Parent no later than three
(3) days prior to the new exercise date under Section 7.7(c) a list of
amounts allocated to the ESPP accounts of each participant in the ESPP on
such date with respect to each offering period then underway.   (f) Prior
to the Effective Time, the Company and each Company Subsidiary, as
applicable, shall take any and all actions necessary to ensure that each
Incentive Plan is amended and/or interpreted to provide that such plan shall
not permit the payment or settlement of awards thereunder in Company Common
Stock or Options (or any other stock or derivative security of the Company or
any Company Subsidiary). No amendment or interpretation adopted in accordance
with the preceding sentence shall increase the aggregate payments made with
respect to any award granted pursuant to an Incentive Plan.   Section 7.8
Stockholder Litigation. The Company shall give Parent the opportunity to
participate in the defense or settlement of any stockholder litigation
against the Company and/or its directors relating to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or the Stockholder Agreement, and no such
settlement shall be agreed to without Parent\'s prior written consent, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.    44     ARTICLE VIII  
Conditions Precedent   Section 8.1 Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to
Effect the Merger. The respective obligation of each party to effect the
Merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver on or prior to the Closing
Date of each of the following conditions:   (a) Stockholder Approval. This
Agreement shall have been approved and adopted by the stockholders of the
Company in accordance with Delaware Law.   (b) Antitrust Filings. The
waiting period (and any extension thereof) applicable to the Merger under the
HSR Act shall have been terminated or shall have expired, and all applicable
waiting periods (and any extensions thereof) under the pre-merger
notification requirements in Germany and Ireland shall have been terminated
or shall have expired (or, to the extent applicable, all approvals under such
requirements shall have been obtained).   (c) No Injunctions or Restraints.
No Applicable Law shall have been enacted or promulgated by any Governmental
Entity that prohibits the consummation of the Merger, and there shall be no
Order or injunction of a court of competent jurisdiction in effect that
prohibits the consummation of the Merger (collectively, "Legal
Restraints").   Section 8.2 Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Sub. The
obligations of Parent and Sub to effect the Merger are subject to
satisfaction or waiver (to the extent permitted by Applicable Law) of each of
the following conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties. The
representations and warranties of the Company set forth in this Agreement
(disregarding all qualifications and exceptions contained therein relating to
"materiality" or "Company Material Adverse Effect") shall be true and correct
in all respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date
as though made on and as of the Closing Date (except to the extent any such
representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which
case as of such earlier date), with only such exceptions as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect.  
(b) Performance of Obligations of the Company. The Company shall have
performed in all material respects all obligations required to be performed
by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date.   (c) Company
Certificate. Parent shall have received a certificate, dated as of the
Closing Date, signed by the chief executive officer of the Company, to the
effect that the conditions set forth in Section 8.2(a) and Section 8.2(b)
have been satisfied.   (d) No Governmental Litigation. There shall not be
pending any Proceeding by any Governmental Entity (i) seeking to restrain or
prohibit the consummation of the Merger or seeking to obtain from the
Company, Parent or Sub any damages that are material in relation to the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (ii) seeking to
prohibit or impose any limitations on Parent\'s or Sub\'s ownership or
operation (or that of any of    45    their respective Subsidiaries or
Affiliates) of any portion of their or the Company\'s businesses or assets,
or to compel any such Person to dispose of or hold separate any portion of
the business or assets of the Company or Parent and their respective
Subsidiaries, (iii) seeking to impose limitations on the ability of Parent or
any of its Affiliates to acquire or hold, or exercise full rights of
ownership of, any shares of Company Common Stock, (iv) seeking to prohibit
Parent or any of its Affiliates from effectively controlling the business or
operations of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries or (v) which otherwise
is reasonably likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect; and no court,
arbitrator or Governmental Entity shall have issued any Order, and there
shall not be any Applicable Law, that is likely, directly or indirectly, to
result in any of the consequences referred to in the preceding clauses
(i) through (v).   (e) No Company Material Adverse Effect. At any time on
or after the date of this Agreement, there shall not have occurred any
Company Material Adverse Effect (or, if one shall have occurred, it shall
have been cured to the reasonable satisfaction of Parent).   Section 8.3
Conditions to Obligation of the Company. The obligation of the Company to
effect the Merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver (to the extent
permitted by Applicable Law) of each of the following conditions:   (a)
Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of Parent
and Sub set forth in this Agreement (disregarding all qualifications and
exceptions contained therein relating to "materiality") shall be true and
correct in all respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the
Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date (except to the
extent any such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier
date, in which case as of such earlier date), with only such exceptions as
would (x) impair in any material respect the ability of either Parent or
Sub to perform its obligations under this Agreement, or (y) prevent or
materially delay the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement.   (b) Performance of Obligations of Parent and Sub. Parent
and Sub shall have performed in all material respects all obligations
required to be performed by them under this Agreement at or prior to the
Effective Time.   (c) Parent Certificate. Company shall have received a
certificate, dated as of the Effective Time, signed by the chief executive
officer or chief financial officer of Parent, to the effect that the
conditions set forth in Section 8.3(a) and Section 8.3(b) have been
satisfied.    ARTICLE IX   Termination, Amendment and Waiver   Section
9.1 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated, and the
Merger contemplated hereby may be abandoned, at any time prior to the
Effective Time, whether before or after the Stockholder Approval has been
obtained:   (a) by mutual written consent of Parent and the Company;   (b)
by either Parent or the Company if:    46     (i) the Merger shall not
have been consummated by September 30, 2004  (the "End Date"); provided,
however, that the right to terminate this  Agreement under this Section
9.1(b)(i) shall not be available to any party  whose failure to fulfill in
any material respect any obligation under this  Agreement has caused or
resulted in the failure of the Merger to occur on  or before the End
Date;   (ii) any Legal Restraint having the effect set forth in Section 
8.1(c) shall be in effect and be final and not subject to further appeal;  
(iii) the Stockholder Approval shall not have been obtained by reason  of the
failure to obtain the required vote at the Stockholders Meeting  duly
convened therefor or at any adjournment or postponement thereof; or   (iv)
there shall have been a breach by the other of any of its  respective
representations, warranties, covenants or obligations contained  in this
Agreement, which breach would result in the failure to satisfy one  or more
of the conditions set forth in Section 8.2(a) or (b) (in the case  of the
Company) or Section 8.3(a) or (b) (in the case of Parent), and in  any such
case, such breach shall be incapable of being cured or, if  capable of being
cured, shall not have been cured within thirty (30) days  after written
notice thereof shall have been received by the party alleged  to be in
breach.   (c) by Parent if:   (i) the Company Board or any committee
thereof withdraws or modifies  in a manner adverse to Parent or Sub its
recommendation of this Agreement  or the Merger, or fails to reconfirm such
recommendation if so requested  by Parent within ten (10) Business Days
following such request, or if the  Company Board or any committee thereof
resolves to take any of the  foregoing actions;   (ii) the Company Board or
any committee thereof approves or  recommends any Alternative Acquisition
Proposal, or fails to recommend  against, or takes a neutral position with
respect to, a tender or exchange  offer related to an Alternative Acquisition
Proposal, or the Company Board  or any committee thereof resolves to take any
of the foregoing actions; or   (iii) the Company shall have violated or
breached any of its  obligations under Section 6.2;   (d) by Parent in the
event that changes or developments occur which, individually or in the
aggregate, have resulted in a Company Material Adverse Effect, and in any
such case, such Company Material Adverse Effect shall be incapable of being
cured; and   (e) by the Company in accordance with the terms and subject to
the conditions of Section 6.2(b).    47      Section 9.2 Effect of
Termination. In the event of termination of this Agreement by either the
Company or Parent as provided in Section 9.1, this Agreement shall forthwith
become void and have no effect, and, except to the extent that such
termination results from fraud or the willful and material breach by a party
of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements set forth
in this Agreement, there shall be no liability or obligation on the part of
Parent, Sub or the Company, other than with respect to Section 4.21, Section
5.4, this Section 9.2, Section 9.3 and Article X, which provisions shall
survive such termination.   Section 9.3 Fees and Expenses.   (a) All fees
and expenses incurred in connection with the Merger, this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be paid by the party
incurring such fees or expenses, whether or not the Merger
is consummated.   (b) If this Agreement is terminated: (i) by Parent
pursuant to Section 9.1(c) or (ii) by the Company pursuant to Section 9.1(e),
then the Company shall immediately prior to any such termination by the
Company or, in the event of a termination by Parent, promptly, but in no
event later than two (2) days after the date of such termination, pay Parent
a fee equal to $44,500,000 (the "Termination Fee"). If this Agreement is
terminated by any party hereto: (x) pursuant to Section 9.1(b)(i) following a
failure by the Company to hold the Stockholders Meeting in breach of its
obligations under Section 7.1(b) or (y) pursuant to Section 9.1(b)(iii) and
at or prior to the time of the Stockholders Meeting an Alternative
Acquisition Proposal shall have been publicly announced and, prior to the
date twelve (12) months following the date of the termination of this
Agreement, the Company shall either (A) consummate an Alternative Acquisition
or (B) enter into an Acquisition Agreement providing for an Alternative
Acquisition, which Alternative Acquisition is subsequently consummated, then
the Company shall pay the Termination Fee in the case of clause (A)
concurrently with the consummation of such Alternative Acquisition or in the
case of clause (B) concurrently with the consummation of the transaction
subject to such Acquisition Agreement (whether or not such transaction is
consummated prior to the date twelve (12) months following the date of the
termination of this Agreement). All payments made pursuant to this Section
9.3(b) shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an
account designated by Parent.   (c) The Company acknowledges that the
agreements contained in Section 9.3(b) are an integral part of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and that, without these
agreements, Parent would not enter into this Agreement. If the Company shall
fail to pay the Termination Fee when due, the Termination Fee shall be deemed
to include the costs and expenses incurred by Parent (including, without
limitation, fees and expenses of counsel) in connection with the collection
under and enforcement of this Section 9.3, together with interest on such
unpaid Termination Fee, commencing on the date that the Termination Fee
became due, at a rate equal to the rate of interest publicly announced by
Citibank, N.A., from time to time, in the City of New York, as such bank\'s
Base Rate plus one percent (1%).   Section 9.4 Amendment. This Agreement may
be amended by the parties hereto at any time, whether before or after the
Stockholder Approval is obtained. This Agreement may not be amended except by
an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the parties.   
48     Section 9.5 Extension; Waiver. At any time prior to the Effective
Time, the parties may (a) extend the time for the performance of any of
the obligations or other acts of the other parties, (b) waive any
inaccuracies in the representations and warranties contained herein or in any
document delivered pursuant hereto or (c) waive compliance with any of the
agreements or conditions contained herein. Any agreement on the part of a
party to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an
instrument in writing signed on behalf of such party. The failure of any
party to this Agreement to assert any of its rights under this Agreement or
otherwise shall not constitute a waiver of such rights.    ARTICLE X  
General Provisions   Section 10.1 Nonsurvival of Representations and
Warranties. None of the representations and warranties in this Agreement or
in any instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the
Effective Time. This Section 10.1 shall not limit any covenant or agreement
of the parties which by its terms contemplates performance after the
Effective Time.   Section 10.2 Notices. All notices, requests, claims,
demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be
deemed given if delivered personally, telecopied (which is confirmed) or sent
by nationally recognized overnight courier (providing proof of delivery) to
the parties at the following addresses (or at such other address for a party
as shall be specified by like notice):   if to Parent or Sub, to:  
Abbott Laboratories  100 Abbott Park Road  Building AP6D, Department 6392 
Abbott Park, Illinois 60064-6020  Attention: President and Chief Operations
Officer,  Medical Products Group  Telecopier: (847) 938-6277   with a copy
to:   Abbott Laboratories  100 Abbott Park Road  Building AP6D, Department
322  Abbott Park, Illinois 60064-6020  Attention: Divisional Vice
President,  Domestic Legal Operations  Telecopier: (847) 938-1206   
49     with a copy to:   Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher and Flom LLP  333
West Wacker Drive  Chicago, Illinois 60606  Attention: Charles W. Mulaney,
Jr.  Telecopier: (312) 407-0411   if to the Company, to:   TheraSense,
Inc.  1360 South Loop Road  Alameda, California 94502  Attention: Bob
Brownell  Vice President, General Counsel  Telecopier: (510) 749-5438  
with a copy to:   Davis Polk and Wardwell  1600 El Camino Real  Menlo Park,
California 94025  Attention: Francis S. Currie  Telecopier: (650)
752-3602   Section 10.3 Interpretation. When a reference is made in this
Agreement to a Section, Annex or Schedule, such reference shall be to a
Section of, or an Annex or Schedule to, this Agreement unless otherwise
indicated. The table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are
for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words "include," "includes" or
"including" are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed
by the words "without limitation." The words "hereof," "herein" and
"hereunder" and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall
refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of
this Agreement. The definitions contained in this Agreement are applicable to
the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms.   Section 10.4
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed (including by facsimile
transmission) in one or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered
one and the same agreement and shall become effective when one or more
counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to
the other parties.   Section 10.5 Entire Agreement; No Third-Party
Beneficiaries. This Agreement, the Company Disclosure Schedules, the
Stockholder Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement constitute the entire
agreement and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, both written
and oral, among the parties with respect transactions   
50    contemplated by this Agreement. Other than Section 7.5 of this
Agreement, no provision of this Agreement is intended to confer upon any
Person other than the parties hereto any rights or remedies.   Section 10.6
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in
accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of the
applicable principles of conflict of laws thereof.   Section 10.7
Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or
obligations hereunder shall be assigned, in whole or in part, by operation of
law or otherwise by any of the parties without the prior written consent of
the other parties, except that Sub may assign, in its sole discretion, any or
all of its rights, interests and obligations under this Agreement to Parent
or to any direct wholly-owned Subsidiary of Parent, but no such assignment
shall relieve Sub of any of its obligations hereunder. Any purported
assignment without such consent shall be void. Subject to the preceding
sentences, this Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and
be enforceable by, the parties and their respective successors
and assigns.   Section 10.8 Enforcement. The parties agree that irreparable
damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement
were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise
breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to an
injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to
enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement in any
federal court located in the State of Delaware or in any Delaware state
court, this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled
at law or in equity. In addition, each of the parties hereto (a) consents to
submit itself to the personal jurisdiction of any federal court located in
the State of Delaware or of any Delaware state court in the event any dispute
arises out of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, (b) agrees that it will not attempt to deny or defeat such
personal jurisdiction by motion or other request for leave from any such
court, (c) agrees that it will not bring any action or counterclaim relating
to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in any
court other than a court of the United States located in the State of
Delaware or a Delaware state court and (d) waives any right to trial by jury
with respect to any action related to arising out of this Agreement or any of
the transactions contemplated hereby.   Section 10.9 Severability. If any
term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of
being enforced by any rule of law or public policy, all other conditions and
provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and
effect. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid,
illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in
good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of
the parties as closely as possible to the fullest extent permitted by
Applicable Law in an acceptable manner to the end that the transactions
contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible.    51     IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Sub and the Company have caused this Agreement to be
signed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, all as of the
date first written above.    ABBOTT LABORATORIES    By: /s/ Richard A.
Gonzalez  -------------------------------------  Name: Richard A. Gonzalez 
Title: President and Chief  Operating Officer, Medical  Products Group    
CORVETTE ACQUISITION CORP.    By: /s/ Thomas C. Freyman 
-------------------------------------  Name: Thomas C. Freyman  Title:
President     THERASENSE, INC.    By: /s/ W. Mark Lortz 
-------------------------------------  Name: W. Mark Lortz  Title: Chairman,
President and  Chief Executive Officer     '

