 CONTRACT   Exhibit 10.02    AGREEMENT OF
ACQUISITION  THIS AGREEMENT IS ENTERED INTO this 18th day of July 2005, by
and between 4 OF A KIND ENTERPRISES, a Nevada corporation whose principal
place of business is 24338 El Toro Road, Suite. E, Laguna Woods, CA 92637,
hereinafter referred to as 4KE, and GOLDEN SPIRIT GAMING LTD., Delaware
corporation whose principal place of business is 1288 Alberni Street, Suite
806, Vancouver, B.C. V6E 4N5, hereinafter referred to as GSGL.  GSGL is a
corporation duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the state
of Delaware. It is a publicly traded company currently trading in
the "Bulletin Board OTC" under the symbol GSGL. The authorized capital stock
of GSGL consists of 500,000,000 shares of the par value of $0.0001 per share,
of which 108,125,555 are issued and outstanding. Per GSGL\'s bylaws, the
Company has the power to acquire any general purpose corporation, and may
issue shares of its stock in exchange for shares of another corporation\'s
stock. GSGL will not be responsible for any liability or debt that 4KE has
incurred to date.  4KE is a corporation duly organized and validly existing
under the laws of the state of Nevada . The authorized capital stock of 4KE
consists of 25,000,000 shares of the par value of .001 per share, of which
11,000,000 are issued and outstanding, no shares are held in the treasury,
and no options or warrants exist for any shares. Per 4KE\'s bylaws, the
company has the power to be acquired by any general purpose corporation, and
may issue shares of its common stock in exchange for shares of another
corporation\'s stock. A Schedule of the acquired assets of 4KE by GSGL is
attached hereto and marked Exhibit "C". Under no circumstances is the current
debt of 4KE included in the purchase of its shares.  The two corporations
acting by their respective boards of directors deem it desirable and in the
best interests of the corporations and their stockholders that GSGL acquire
One Hundred Percent (100%) of 4KE on a share for share exchange.  In
consideration of the premises and mutual agreements and covenants
contained herein, it is agreed by and between the parties that, in accordance
with the provisions of their respective bylaws, that GSGL shall acquire One
Hundred Percent (100%) of 4KE, and that 4KE will become a wholly owned
subsidiary of GSGL. Both Companies shall continue to have separate and
distinct corporate existence.   ARTICLE I  1. This agreement of
acquisition shall be submitted for adoption and approval by the Board of
Directors of each Company.  2. Upon the adoption and approval of this
agreement by the respective boards of directors of 4KE and GSGL, the facts
shall be certified on this agreement and this agreement shall be signed,
acknowledged, filed and recorded in the manner required by the bylaws of the
corporations.   ARTICLE II  The two corporations shall keep their
respective corporate existence, however, 4KE. shall hereinafter be referred
to as 4OF A KIND ENTERPRISES, INC., a wholly owned subsidiary of GOLDEN
SPIRIT GAMING, LTD., Each corporation shall keep its respective identity,
existence, purposes, powers, objects, franchises, rights and immunities all
of the aforesaid being unaffected by the acquisition.   ARTICLE III  1.
The laws of the state of Delaware shall govern GSGL, and the laws of
the state of Nevada shall govern 4KE. The bylaws of GSGL shall govern GSGL,
and the bylaws of 4KE shall govern 4KE.   ARTICLE IV  1. It is hereby
agreed that upon signing of this agreement that 4KE shall appoint one
individual to be its representative on the Board of Directors of GSGL, and
that GSGL shall appoint one individual to be a member of the Board
of Directors of 4KE. Each of the so appointed directors shall hold office and
serve unless or until their successors have been duty elected and shall
have qualified, or as otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation
of the respective corporations or their respective bylaws.  2. The parties
agree to hold an annual meeting for each company within twelve months of the
signing of this agreement, unless otherwise agreed. They further agree that,
barring cause, that the respective boards shall be nominated as a unified
slate and remain the same.  3. The parties agree that GSGL shall appoint an
individual named by 4KE, as an officer of GSGL. Said individual shall hold
office unless and until a successor is either elected or appointed and shall
have qualified, or as otherwise provided in its bylaws.  4. If, on or after
the acquisition date, a vacancy shall for any reason exist on either board or
in any of the offices, the vacancy shall be filled in the manner provided in
the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the respective corporation.  
ARTICLE V  1. The manner and basis of converting the shares of stock of each
of the constituent corporations into shares of the other corporation shall be
as follows:  a. Each issued share of common stock of GSGL shall on the
acquisition date continue to be issued shares of common stock, and the
respective shareholders shall maintain the full number of shares they
possess.  b. At the time of the signing of this acquisition agreement the
Board of Directors of 4KE shall collect and present to Board of Directors of
GSGL One Hundred Percent (100%) of the issued and outstanding shares of 4KE
along with all necessary documentation to exchange said shares for shares of
GSGL on the following basis;   i. One (1) share of common stock of 4KE for
9.0909 shares of restricted  common stock of GSGL.  c. At the time of
signing of the acquisition agreement, GSGL shall cause to be issued One
Hundred Million (100,000,000) shares of its restricted common stock to 4KE.
4KE agrees to redistribute said shares to the individuals and entities listed
in Exhibit "A". 4KE and GSGL further agree that GSGL will issue 9,500,000
options to purchase free trading common stock of GSGL, to the consultants and
officers and directors of 4KE, for services rendered, at a price of .02 cents
per share, and 4KE agrees to have said consultants, officers, and directors
purchase said shares. Exhibit "B" contains the list of individuals purchasing
said options. The offering of the options and the purchase by
the consultants, officers and directors of 4KE are material conditions to
this contract. It is agreed, that all funds received by the purchase of
these options shall be put in a bank account, exclusively, for the use of
4KE.   ARTICLE VI  1. On the acquisition date, all property, real,
personal or mixed and all debts due from each corporation including but not
limited to any rights of creditors liens or tax liabilities, on whatever
account, shall remain the property and debts of the respective corporations.
Any action or proceeding pending by or against either of the constituent
corporations may be prosecuted to judgment as if the acquisition had not
taken place.   ARTICLE VII  1. The corporations hereby expressly
acknowledge that up to and including the acquisition date, that each has
conducted its business in its usual and ordinary manner, and has not entered
into any transaction other than the usual and ordinary course of such
business except as provided herein. Without limiting the generality of the
above, both corporations agree they have not and will not permit any
subsidiary to, except as otherwise consented to in writing or as otherwise
provided in this agreement:   a. Issue or sell shares of its capital stock
in addition to those issued and  outstanding on this date;   b. Issue
rights to subscribe to or options to purchase any shares of its  stock in
addition to those outstanding on this date;   c. Amend its certificate of
incorporation or its bylaws;   d. Issue or contract to issue funded debt
(except between the constituent  corporations or any of their
subsidiaries;   e. Declare or pay any dividend or make any distribution upon
or with respect  to its capital stock;   f. Repurchase any of its
outstanding stock or by any other means transfer any  of its funds to its
shareholders either selectively or ratably, in return for  value or
otherwise, except as salary or other compensation in the ordinary or  normal
course of business;   g. Undertake or incur any obligations or liabilities
except current  obligations or liabilities in the ordinary course of business
and except for  reasonable liabilities for fees and expenses in connection
with the  negotiation and consummation of the acquisition;   h. Mortgage,
pledge, subject to lien or otherwise encumber any realty or any  tangible or
intangible personal property;   i. Sell, assign or otherwise transfer any
tangible assets of whatever kind,  or cancel any claims, except in the
ordinary course of business;   j. Sell, assign, or otherwise transfer any
trademark, trade name, patent or  other intangible asset;   k. Default in
performance of any material provision of any material contract  or other
obligations;   l. Waive any right of any substantial value; or   m.
Purchase or otherwise acquire any equity or debt security of another 
corporation except to realize on an otherwise worthless debt.   ARTICLE
VIII  1. GSGL and 4KE covenant, warrant, and represent to each other
that:   a. It and each of its subsidiaries are on the date of this agreement
(1) a  corporation duty organized and existing and in good standing under the
laws  of the jurisdiction in which it was incorporated, (2) duly authorized
under  its certificate of incorporation, as amended to date, and under
applicable  laws, to engage in the business carried on by it, and (3) it or
its  subsidiaries are fully qualified to do business in all states where it
or  they operate, conduct business or own or lease space;   b. All federal,
state and local tax returns required to be filed by it, or by  its
subsidiaries, on or before the acquisition date will have been filed, and 
all taxes shown required to be paid on or before said date will have been 
paid;   c. It and each of its subsidiaries will use its best efforts to
collect the  accounts receivable owned by it in its ordinary and usual manner
of doing  business and will follow its past practices in connection with the
extension  of any credit prior to the acquisition date;   d. All fixed
assets owned by it or any of its subsidiaries and employed in  their
respective businesses are of the type, kind and condition appropriate  for
their respective businesses and will operate in the ordinary course of 
business until the acquisition date;   e. All leases with an annual rental
in excess of Five Thousand Dollars  ($5,000.00) now held by it are now and
will be on the merger date in good  standing and not voidable or void by
reason of any default whatsoever;   f. During the period between July 1,
2005, and the date of this agreement,  except as disclosed in writing to the
other party, neither corporation nor  any of their respective subsidiaries
has taken any action, or suffered any  conditions to exist, to any material
or substantial extent in the aggregate,  which it has agreed in this
agreement not to take or to permit to exist up to  and including the date of
acquisition;   g. It has not been represented by any broker in connection
with the  transaction contemplated, except as it has advised the other party
in  writing; and   h. Its Board of Directors has been given the authority
from its shareholders  to authorize and approve the execution and delivery of
this agreement, and  the performance of the transactions contemplated by this
agreement.  Both Parties, subject to the provision of this agreement
concerning additions to the board and offices of each, agree to use their
best efforts to keep employed and available all present officers and
employees of their corporations and subsidiaries, and to preserve their
respective existing relationships with supplier and customers, and will not
permit an unreasonable increase in the compensation, wages, or other benefits
payable to it or its subsidiary\'s officers or employees.   ARTICLE
IX  1. All expenses incurred in completing the acquisition shall, except
as otherwise agreed in writing between the constituent corporations, be borne
by the party incurring them. If the acquisition is not completed, each of
the constituent corporations shall be liable for, and shall pay, the
expenses incurred.  2. This agreement of acquisition may be voided within
ninety (90) days of the signing of this agreement based on any of the
following:   a. The warranties and representations of the other constituent
corporation  contained in this agreement shall not be substantially accurate
in all  material respects on or as of the date of signing; or the covenants
contained  of the other constituent corporation shall not have been performed
or  satisfied in all material respects; or   b. Each party has not received
evidence that any other constituent corporation  and its subsidiaries are
corporations duly organized, validly existing and  in good standing under the
laws of their respective states of  incorporation.   c. Each party has not
received evidence that all outstanding shares of the  other constituent
corporation have been duly and validly authorized, are  validly issued and
outstanding, and are fully paid and non assessable.   d. The taking of any
steps necessary to effect this acquisition by either  corporation has been
permanently or temporarily enjoined by a court having  jurisdiction.  
ARTICLE X  1. Both parties agree that neither party shall amend its
certificate of incorporation, unless required by law, for a period of twelve
(12) months following the date of signing of this acquisition agreement,
unless expressly agreed to in writing by both constituent corporations.  
ARTICLE XI  1. This agreement represents the entire agreement between the
parties with respect to the acquisition of 4KE by GSGL. It is meant to and
does supersede any and all other agreements, representations, statements or
proposals whether expressed or implied, written or oral, that may have
preexisted.  2. Any subsequent alteration, amendment or variation from the
terms and condition as set forth in this acquisition must be agreed to in
writing and signed by a representative of both parties.  3. For the
convenience of the parties, any number of counterparts may be executed and
each executed counterpart shall be deemed an original instrument.  4. This
agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of Nevada.  5. This
agreement may not be assigned or transferred by either party without
the prior written consent of the other constituent corporation.  6. No acts
or course of conduct shall constitute a waiver of the terms and conditions
hereof unless such waiver is specific, in writing, and waiver of
the condition on one or more occasion shall not constitute waiver of the
terms and conditions hereof on any other occasion.  7. Notices or written
communications shall be delivered or mailed to the respective addresses of
the constituent corporations as listed in the opening paragraphs of this
agreement any notice shall be deemed delivered the next business day from
mailing if sent by overnight mail or courier, or five days from the date of
mailing if sent by ordinary mail.  8.GSGL agrees to make all necessary
public disclosures concerning this acquisition, however, it further agrees to
providing 4KE with a draft of any release prior to disclosure for 4KE \'s
written approval of the content.  9. Time is of the essence for this
agreement.  BY THEIR SIGNATURES BELOW, each of the following represents that
they have the authority to execute this agreement and to bind the party on
whose behalf their execution is made.  DATED: July 18, 2005  GOLDEN
SPIRIT GAMING, LTD..  /s/: Carlton
Parfitt _________________________________ by CARLTON PARFITT,
DIRECTOR   DATED: July 18, 2005  4 OF A KIND ENTERPRISES /s/: Abdul
Rahman Aref _________________________________ by ABDUL RAHMAN AREF,
PRESIDENT      EXHIBIT "A"   Distribution of 100,000,000 shares of
GSGL for the acquisition of 100% shares of 4 of a Kind Enterprises, Inc. is
as follows:  Capt. Tom Franklin\t\t\t 35,000,000 shares Abdul R.
Aref\t\t\t\t 25,000,000 AFG Enterprise for Naim Ismail\t 10,000,000 Steven
Nemergut\t\t\t 9,000,000 Lance Nemergut\t\t\t 7,500,000 Jean Robert
Bellande\t\t\t 6,000,000 Omar M. Arif\t\t\t \t 3,000,000 Suraya Aref\t\t\t\t
2,500,000 Jean Gluck\t\t\t\t 2,000,000  ------------------ Total
Shares\t\t\t 100,000,000 shares  ===================   EXHIBIT
"B"   Distribution of 9,500,000 free trading option shares of GSGL is as
follows:  Capt. Tom Franklin\t\t\t 6,000,000 shares Steven Nemergut\t\t\t
2,500,000 Suraya Aref\t\t\t\t 1,500,000  -------------------- Total
Shares\t\t\t 9,500,000 shares 
====================             '

