 EXHIBIT 2.2       EXHIBIT 2.2  
AMENDMENT   TO   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER AND REORGANIZATION   
THIS AMENDMENT TO AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER AND
REORGANIZATION ("Amendment") is made and entered into as of July 25, 2000, by
and among: DITECH COMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation
("Parent"); OXYGEN ACQUISITION CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation and a
wholly owned subsidiary of Parent ("Merger Sub"); and ATMOSPHERE NETWORKS,
INC., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"). Certain other capitalized terms
used in this Amendment are defined in Exhibit A to the Reorganization
Agreement (as defined below).     RECITALS   A. The parties entered into
an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization dated as of June 21, 2000
(the "Reorganization Agreement"), pursuant to which the parties have agreed
to effect a merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company in accordance with
the Reorganization Agreement and Delaware General Corporation Law.   B. The
parties wish to amend the Reorganization Agreement for the limited purposes
described below.    AGREEMENT   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of these
premises and of the mutual agreements, representations, warranties and
covenants herein contained, the parties do hereby agree as
follows:   SECTION 1. AMENDMENT OF REORGANIZATION AGREEMENT   1.1
AMENDMENT OF SECTION 1.8(C). Section 1.8(c) of the Reorganization Agreement
is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:   For
purposes of this Section 1.8, "Escrow Fraction" shall mean a  fraction (A)
whose numerator is the number of shares representing 10%  of the sum of (i)
the Fully Diluted Company Shares, (ii) the Series B  Escrow Share Adjustment
(as defined below), and (iii) the Series C  Escrow Share Adjustment (as
defined below), and (B) whose denominator  is the sum of (1) the number of
shares of the   2.     Fully Diluted Company Shares that are actually
issued and outstanding  immediately prior to the Effective Time, (2) the
Series B Escrow  Share Adjustment, and (3) the Series C Escrow Share
Adjustment. With  respect to those Merger Stockholders whose shares of
Company Common  Stock are subject to repurchase by the Company (pursuant to
a  restricted stock purchase agreement or otherwise), and who exchange  such
shares for shares of Company Series A Preferred Stock in the 
Recapitalization Transaction, the number of Escrow Shares deposited  on
behalf of each such Merger Stockholder shall be prorated between  such Merger
Stockholder\'s shares subject to repurchase ("Unvested  Shares") and such
Merger Stockholder\'s shares not subject to  repurchase ("Vested Shares")
based on the respective number of  Unvested Shares and Vested Shares held by
such Merger Stockholders  immediately prior to the Effective Time. The
"Series B Escrow Share  Adjustment" shall be the product obtained by
multiplying (A) the  number of shares of Company Series B Preferred Stock
outstanding  immediately prior to the Effective Time, by (B) a fraction
having a  numerator equal to the excess (if any) of $3.2937 over the Common 
Share Price, and a denominator equal to the Common Share Price. The  "Series
C Escrow Share Adjustment" shall be the product obtained by  multiplying (A)
the number of shares of Company Series C Preferred  Stock outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time, by (B) a  fraction having a
numerator equal to the excess of $6.53 over the  Common Share Price, and a
denominator equal to the Common Share  Price.   1.2 ADDITION OF SECTION
1.12. A new section 1.12 of the Reorganization Agreement is hereby added to
the Reorganization Agreement, which shall read in its entirety as
follows:   At the Effective Time, each Company Warrant that is then
outstanding  shall be assumed by Parent. Each Company Warrant so assumed by
Parent  under this Agreement will continue to have, and be subject to, the
same  terms and conditions of such Company Warrant immediately prior to the 
Effective Time (including any terms of such Company Warrant permitting  the
"net exercise" thereof), except that (a) each Company Warrant  assumed by
Parent may be exercisable solely for shares of Parent Common  Stock, (b) the
number of shares of Parent Common Stock subject to each  assumed Company
Warrant shall be equal to the product of the number of  shares of Company
Preferred Stock that were issuable upon exercise of  such Company Warrant
immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied  by the Applicable
Fraction, rounded to the nearest whole number of  shares of Parent Common
Stock, (c) the per share exercise price for the  shares of Parent Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of such assumed  Company Warrant will be equal
to the quotient determined by dividing  (1) the exercise price per share of
Company Preferred Stock issuable  upon the exercise of such Company Warrant
immediately prior to the  Effective Time, by (2) the Applicable Fraction,
such quotient rounded  up to the nearest whole cent, and (d) all restrictions
on the exercise  of each such assumed Company Warrant shall continue in full
force and  effect, and the term, exercisability and other provisions of
such  Company Warrant shall otherwise remain unchanged; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, 
that each such assumed Company Warrant shall, in accordance with its  terms,
be subject to further adjustment as appropriate to reflect any  stock split,
reverse stock split, stock   3.      dividend, recapitalization or
other similar transaction effected by  Parent after the Effective Time. The
Company and Parent shall take  all action that may be necessary to effectuate
the provisions of this  Section 1.12.   1.3 FULLY DILUTED PRE-TERMINATION
SHARES. The definition of "Fully Diluted Pre-Termination Shares" in Section
1.5(b)(iv) of the Reorganization Agreement is hereby amended and restated in
its entirety to read as follows:   The "Fully Diluted Pre-Termination
Shares" shall be the sum of (A) the  aggregate number of shares of Company
Common Stock outstanding  immediately prior to the Effective Time (including
any such shares that  are subject to a repurchase option or risk of
forfeiture under any  restricted stock purchase agreement or other
agreement), (B) the  aggregate number of shares of Company Common Stock
issuable upon  conversion of all shares of Company Preferred Stock
outstanding  immediately prior to the Effective Time, (C) the aggregate
number of  shares of Company Common Stock purchasable under or otherwise
subject  to all Company Options outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective  Time (including all shares of Company Common Stock that may
ultimately  be purchased under Company Options that are unvested or are
otherwise  not then exercisable), (D) an additional 33,580 shares of
Company  Common Stock (which the parties have agreed to in consideration of
the  outstanding Company Warrants as of the Effective Time, whether or not 
such Company Warrants are ultimately exercised), and (E) the aggregate 
number of shares of Company Common Stock issuable upon conversion of  all
other convertible securities of the Company outstanding immediately  prior to
the Effective Time.   1.4 NO OTHER AMENDMENTS. Except as it has been
specifically amended pursuant to Sections 1.1, 1.2 and 1.3, the
Reorganization Agreement shall from and after the date hereof continue in
full force and effect.  SECTION 2. ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS   2.1 ENTIRE
AGREEMENT AND MODIFICATION. The Reorganization Agreement (including the
exhibits thereto), together with this Amendment, constitutes the entire
agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter thereof and
hereof and supersedes any prior understandings, agreements,
or representations by or among the parties, written or oral, to the extent
they related in any way to the subject matter hereof and thereof.
The Reorganization Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, may not be
further amended except by a written agreement executed by all parties.  
2.2 COUNTERPARTS. This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed an original but all of which together will constitute
one and the same instrument.   2.3 HEADINGS. The Section headings contained
in this Amendment are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect in
any way the meaning or interpretation of this Amendment.   4.     2.4
SEVERABILITY. Any term or provision of this Amendment that is invalid or
unenforceable in any situation in any jurisdiction shall not affect the
validity or enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions hereof or
the validity or enforceability of the offending term or provision in any
other situation or in any other jurisdiction.   5.       IN WITNESS
WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment as of the date first
written above.     PARENT: DITECH COMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION    By: /s/
WILLIAM J. TAMBLYN  --------------------------------------------  Name:
William J. Tamblyn  Title: Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   
MERGER SUB: OXYGEN ACQUISITION CORPORATION    By: /s/ WILLIAM J. TAMBLYN 
--------------------------------------------  Name: William J. Tamblyn 
Title: Vice President and Chief Financial Officer    COMPANY: ATMOSPHERE
NETWORKS, INC.    By: /s/ ROBERT M. NEWMAN 
--------------------------------------------  Name: Robert M. Newman  Title:
Chief Executive Officer and President    6.   '

