 FORM OF VOTING AGREEMENT     EXHIBIT
2.2    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------     
VOTING AGREEMENT   BY AND AMONG   UTI CORPORATION,   PINE MERGER
CORPORATION   AND   CERTAIN STOCKHOLDERS OF MEDSOURCE TECHNOLOGIES,
INC.   DATED AS OF APRIL __,
2004     --------------------------------------------------------------------------------      
VOTING AGREEMENT, dated as of April __, 2004 (this "Agreement"), by and among
UTI Corporation, a Maryland corporation ("Parent"), Pine Merger Corporation,
a Delaware corporation formed for the purpose of effecting the Merger (as
defined below) ("Merger Sub"), and the parties listed on Annex A hereto
(each, a "Stockholder" and collectively, the "Stockholders").   WHEREAS,
simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement, Medical Device
Manufacturing, Inc., a Colorado corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of
Parent ("Purchaser"), Merger Sub and MedSource Technologies, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (the "Company"), are entering into an Agreement and Plan
of Merger (the "Merger Agreement") (with all capitalized terms used but not
defined herein having the meanings set forth in the Merger Agreement),
pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the
Company continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary
of Purchaser (the "Merger"), which Merger Agreement has been approved by the
Boards of Directors of the Company, Parent, Merger Sub and Purchaser;  
WHEREAS, each Stockholder owns the number of shares of Common Stock set forth
opposite such Stockholder\'s name on Annex A hereto (such shares of
Common Stock, together with any other shares of capital stock of the Company
acquired by such Stockholder after the date hereof and during the term of
this Agreement, including any shares issued upon the exercise of any warrants
or options, the conversion of any convertible securities or otherwise, being
collectively referred to herein as the "Subject Shares");   WHEREAS, upon
completion of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the
Subject Shares will be converted into the right to receive the Merger
Consideration; and   WHEREAS, as a condition to the willingness of Purchaser
and Merger Sub to enter into the Merger Agreement, Purchaser has required
that each Stockholder agree and, in order to induce Purchaser and Merger Sub
to enter into the Merger Agreement, each Stockholder has agreed, to enter
into this Agreement.   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and
the respective representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set
forth in this Agreement and intending to be legally bound, the parties hereto
agree as follows:   ARTICLE 1.  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE
STOCKHOLDERS   Each Stockholder, severally and not jointly, hereby
represents and warrants to Parent and Merger Sub as follows:   SECTION 1.1.
ORGANIZATION. If such Stockholder is not an individual, such Stockholder is
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its organization. If such Stockholder is an individual, such
Stockholder is a natural Person residing in the United States.   SECTION
1.2. AUTHORITY. If such Stockholder is not an individual, such Stockholder
has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement,
to perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement to be consummated by such Stockholder, all
without the need for consent from any other Person. If such Stockholder is an
individual, such Stockholder has the capacity to execute and deliver this
Agreement, to perform such Stockholder\'s obligations hereunder and to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement to be
consummated by such Stockholder, all without the need for spousal or other
consent. If such Stockholder is not an individual, the execution and delivery
of this Agreement by such Stockholder and the consummation by it of the
transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by all
necessary corporate, limited liability company, partnership or other
ownership action and no other proceedings on the part of such Stockholder and
no stockholder or other votes or similar consents are necessary to authorize
this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This
Agreement has been validly executed and delivered by such Stockholder and
constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Stockholder,
enforceable against such Stockholder in accordance with its terms (except as
enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws
affecting the enforcement of creditors\' rights generally, and except that
the   availability of the remedy of specific performance or other equitable
relief is subject to the discretion of the court before which any proceedings
may be brought).   SECTION 1.3. THE SUBJECT SHARES. Except as set forth on
Annex A hereto, such Stockholder is the sole record and beneficial owner of
the Subject Shares set forth opposite such Stockholder\'s name on Annex A
hereto. As of the date of this Agreement, such Stockholder does not own, of
record or beneficially, any shares of capital stock of the Company (or rights
to acquire any such shares) other than the Subject Shares set forth opposite
such Stockholder\'s name on Annex A hereto. Except as set forth on Annex A
hereto, such Stockholder has, and will have through and including the
Effective Time, (a) the sole right to vote, (b) the sole power of
disposition, (c) the sole power to issue instructions with respect to the
matters set forth in Articles 3, 4 and 5 hereof, (d) the sole power to demand
dissenters\' rights and (e) the sole power to agree to all of the matters set
forth in this Agreement, in each case with respect to all of
such Stockholder\'s Subject Shares with no limitations, qualifications or
restrictions on such rights, subject to applicable federal securities laws
and the terms of this Agreement. Except for this Agreement, such
Stockholder\'s Subject Shares are free and clear of any pledge, lien,
security interest, mortgage, charge, claim, equity, option, proxy, voting
restriction, voting trust, adverse claim of ownership or other agreement,
arrangement, limitation or restriction with respect to the voting or
disposition of such Subject Shares; provided, however, that the failure of
this representation to be true and correct in all respects shall not be a
breach of this Agreement if such failure does not, in any manner, impair or
the delay the ability of such Stockholder to perform its obligations under
this Agreement.   SECTION 1.4. NO CONFLICTS. The execution and delivery of
this Agreement by such Stockholder do not, and the performance of this
Agreement by such Stockholder will not, (a) if such Stockholder is not an
individual, conflict with or violate any provision of the certificate or
articles of incorporation or bylaws, trust agreement or other similar
documents relating to a trust or any equivalent organizational documents of
such Stockholder, (b) to such Stockholder\' knowledge, conflict with or
violate any Law applicable to such Stockholder or by which any property or
asset of such Stockholder is bound or affected, (c) require any consent or
approval under, result in any breach of, or loss of any benefit under, or
constitute a change of control or default (or any event which with notice or
lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any
right of termination, vesting, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or
result in the creation of a lien or other encumbrance on any property or
asset of such Stockholder pursuant to, any note, bond, mortgage, indenture,
contract, agreement, lease, license, permit or other instrument or obligation
to which such Stockholder is a party; provided, however, that the failure of
this representation to be true and correct in all respects shall not be a
breach of this Agreement if such failure does not, in any manner, impair
or the delay the ability of such Stockholder to perform its obligations under
this Agreement. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by such
Stockholder does not, and the performance of this Agreement by such
Stockholder will not, require any consent, approval, authorization or permit
of, or filing with or notification to, any Governmental Entity or other
Person, except such as may be required under the Exchange Act and the rules
and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder; provided, however, that
the failure of this representation to be true and correct in all respects
shall not be a breach of this Agreement if such failure does not, in any
manner, impair or the delay the ability of such Stockholder to perform its
obligations under this Agreement.   ARTICLE 2.  REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB   Each of Parent and Merger Sub, jointly
and severally, hereby represents and warrants to each Stockholder as
follows:   SECTION 2.1. ORGANIZATION. Parent is a corporation duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State
of Maryland. Merger Sub is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.   SECTION 2.2.
AUTHORITY. Each of Parent and Merger Sub has all necessary corporate power
and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform its
obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement to be consummated by Parent and Merger Sub, respectively.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub and
the consummation by Parent and Merger Sub of the transactions contemplated
hereby have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate
action    2  and no other corporate proceedings on the part of Parent or
Merger Sub and no stockholder votes are necessary to authorize this Agreement
or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has
been duly authorized and validly executed and delivered by Parent and Merger
Sub and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of Parent and
Merger Sub, enforceable against Parent and Merger Sub in accordance with its
terms (except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or
other laws affecting the enforcement of creditors\' rights generally, and
except that the availability of the remedy of specific performance or other
equitable relief is subject to the discretion of the court before which any
proceedings may be brought).   ARTICLE 3.  AGREEMENT TO VOTE   Each
Stockholder, severally and not jointly, agrees that:   SECTION 3.1.
AGREEMENT TO VOTE IN FAVOR OF THE ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT. During
the period commencing on the date of this Agreement and ending on the
Expiration Date (as defined below), at any meeting of stockholders of
the Company called to vote upon the Merger Agreement (as amended from time to
time) and the transactions contemplated thereby, however called, or at any
adjournment thereof or in connection with any written consent of the holders
of Common Stock or in any other circumstances upon which a vote, consent or
other approval with respect to the Merger Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby is sought, such Stockholder shall be present (in Person
or by proxy) and shall vote (or cause to be voted) all Subject Shares then
owned by such Stockholder (i) in favor of the Merger and adoption of the
Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby and (ii) in favor
of any other matter necessary for the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement. Each Stockholder acknowledges receipt
and review of a copy of the Merger Agreement.   SECTION 3.2. AGREEMENT TO
VOTE AGAINST ACQUISITION PROPOSALS. During the period commencing on the date
of this Agreement and ending on the Expiration Date, at any meeting of
stockholders of the Company, however called, or at any adjournment thereof or
in connection with any written consent of the holders of Common Stock or in
any other circumstances upon which a vote, consent or other approval is
sought, such Stockholder shall be present (in Person or by proxy) and shall
vote (or cause to be voted) all Subject Shares then owned by such Stockholder
against any of the following (to the extent such a vote, consent or approval
is sought): (a) any Acquisition Proposal or other extraordinary corporate
transaction involving the Company or its Subsidiaries (other than
the Merger); (b) a sale, lease, license or transfer of a material amount of
assets of the Company or its Subsidiaries or a reorganization,
recapitalization, dissolution, winding up or liquidation of the Company or
its Subsidiaries; (c) any change in the management or board of directors of
the Company, except as contemplated by the Merger Agreement or otherwise
agreed to in writing by Purchaser; (d) any material change in the present
capitalization or dividend policy of the Company; (e) any material change in
the Company\'s corporate structure, business, certificate of incorporation or
bylaws (each as currently in effect); or (f) any action or agreement that
would, to such Stockholder\'s knowledge, result in a breach of any
representation, warranty, covenant, agreement or other obligation of the
Company under the Merger Agreement or which could result in any of the
conditions to the Company\'s obligations under the Merger Agreement not being
fulfilled.   ARTICLE 4.  GRANT OF IRREVOCABLE PROXY; APPOINTMENT OF
PROXY   SECTION 4.1. GRANT OF PROXY. Each Stockholder hereby irrevocably
grants to and appoints Parent and its successors and assigns, such
Stockholder\'s proxy and attorney-in-fact (with full power of substitution
and resubstitution), for and in the name, place and stead of such
Stockholder, to vote such Stockholder\'s Subject Shares, or grant a consent
or approval in respect of such Subject Shares, (a) in favor of the Merger and
adoption of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby
and (b) against any of the following (to the extent such a vote, consent or
approval is sought): (i) any Acquisition Proposal or other extraordinary
corporate transaction involving the Company or its Subsidiaries (other than
the Merger); (ii) a sale, lease, license or transfer of a material amount of
assets of the Company or its Subsidiaries or a reorganization,
recapitalization, dissolution, winding up or liquidation of the Company or
its Subsidiaries; (iii) any change in the board of directors of the Company,
except as contemplated by the Merger Agreement or otherwise agreed to in
writing by Purchaser; (iv) any material change in the present
capitalization or dividend policy of the Company; (v) any material change in
the Company\'s corporate   3   structure, business, certificate of
incorporation or bylaws (each as currently in effect) or (vi) any action or
agreement that would, to such Stockholder\'s knowledge, result in a breach of
any representation, warranty, covenant, agreement or other obligation of the
Company under the Merger Agreement or which could result in any of the
conditions to the Company\'s obligations under the Merger Agreement not being
fulfilled.   SECTION 4.2. REVOCATION OF PRIOR PROXIES. Each Stockholder
represents that any proxies heretofore given in respect of such
Stockholder\'s Subject Shares with respect to matters covered by this
Agreement are revocable, that such Stockholder has taken any and all action
necessary to revoke all such proxies, and that all such proxies are hereby
revoked.   SECTION 4.3. IRREVOCABLE PROXY COUPLED WITH AN INTEREST.
Such Stockholder hereby affirms that the irrevocable proxy set forth in this
Article 4 is intended to secure the obligations of the Stockholder under
Article 3 hereof, given to induce the Purchaser to enter into the Merger
Agreement and coupled with an interest, and may under no circumstances be
revoked until its termination upon the Expiration Date. Such Stockholder
hereby ratifies and confirms all that such proxy may lawfully do or cause to
be done by virtue hereof. Such irrevocable proxy is executed and intended to
be irrevocable in accordance with the provisions of Section 212(e) of the
DGCL.   SECTION 4.4. COMPANY\'S ACCEPTANCE OF PROXY. Each Stockholder
covenants to take any and all action necessary or appropriate to assure that
the Company or inspector of elections, as applicable, will accept and give
effect to the irrevocable proxy appointment set forth in this Article 4,
including, without limitation, delivery of this executed Agreement to any
inspector of elections, officer or agent of the Company authorized to
tabulate votes.   ARTICLE 5.  COVENANTS AND AGREEMENTS   SECTION 5.1.
RESTRICTION ON TRANSFER. Each Stockholder agrees not (a) to sell, transfer,
pledge, encumber, assign or otherwise dispose of (collectively, "Transfer"),
or enter into any contract, option or other arrangement or understanding with
respect to the Transfer by such Stockholder of, any of the Subject Shares or
offer any interest in any thereof to any Person other than pursuant to the
terms of the Merger, provided that, however, each Stockholder may sell such
number of Subject Shares as required to satisfy any tax obligation arising
out of the vesting of restricted stock awards, (b) to enter into any voting
arrangement or understanding, whether by proxy, power of attorney, voting
agreement, voting trust or otherwise with respect to the Subject Shares in
connection with any Acquisition Proposal and agrees not to commit or agree to
take any of the foregoing actions or (c) take any action that would make any
representation or warranty of such Stockholder contained herein untrue or
incorrect or have the effect of preventing or disabling such Stockholder from
performing such Stockholder\'s obligations under this Agreement.   SECTION
5.2. NO SOLICITATION OF ALTERNATIVE TRANSACTIONS. Each Stockholder agrees to
be bound by the following provisions of Section 7.10 of the Merger Agreement
to the same extent that the Company is bound (inserting the term "such
Stockholder" in lieu of the term "the Company" in each instance that the term
"the Company" appears in the applicable provision of Section 7.10 of the
Merger Agreement) as if such provisions were restated herein in
their entirety: (i) the first sentence of Section 7.10(a); (ii) the first
sentence of Section 7.10(b), but excluding the proviso contained therein and
the exception contained in clause (iii) of Section 7.10(b); and (iii) the
first two sentences of Section 7.10(c). Each Stockholder also agrees (x) not
to enter into any agreement, arrangement or understanding requiring the
Company to abandon, terminate or fail to consummate the Merger or any other
transaction contemplated by this Agreement or the Merger Agreement, and (y)
to promptly request that all confidential information furnished by such
Stockholder with respect to any discussions or negotiations relating to any
matter covered by clause (i) of the preceding sentence be returned.  
4    SECTION 5.3. FURTHER ASSURANCES. Each Stockholder shall, from time
to time, execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered,
such additional or further consents, documents and other instruments and
shall take all such other action as Parent and Merger Sub may reasonably
request for the purpose of effectively carrying out the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.   SECTION 5.4. WAIVER OF DISSENTER\'S
RIGHTS. Each Stockholder agrees that it will not exercise any rights to
dissent from the Merger or demand payment of its respective Subject Shares
pursuant to Section 262 of the DGCL or any other similar provisions of law in
connection with the Merger.   SECTION 5.5. DISCLOSURE. Each Stockholder
hereby authorizes Purchaser, Merger Sub and the Company to publish and
disclose in the Proxy Statement (and all other documents and schedules filed
with the SEC in connection with the Merger) its identity and ownership of the
Subject Shares and the nature of its commitments, arrangements and
understandings under this Agreement.   ARTICLE 6.  GENERAL PROVISIONS  
SECTION 6.1. TERMINATION. This Agreement, and all obligations, agreements and
waivers hereunder, will terminate and be of no further force and effect on
the earliest of (a) unanimous consent of the parties hereto, (b) such date
and time as the Merger Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms,
and (c) the Effective Time (the "Expiration Date"); provided, however, that
nothing herein shall relieve any party from liability for any breach hereof.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the proxy appointment set
forth in Article 4 shall remain in full force and effect until this Agreement
is terminated in accordance with this Section 6.1.   SECTION 6.2. BOARD OF
DIRECTORS ACTION. No action taken by the Board of Directors of the Company
(other than termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms)
shall modify, alter, change or otherwise affect the obligations of any
Stockholder hereunder.   SECTION 6.3. STOCKHOLDER CAPACITY. No Person
executing this Agreement who is or becomes during the term hereof a director
or officer of the Company makes any agreement or understanding herein in his
or her capacity as such director or officer. Each Stockholder signs solely in
its capacity as the record holder and beneficial owner of such Stockholder\'s
Subject Shares and nothing in this Agreement shall limit or affect the duties
of or any actions taken by any Stockholder in his or her capacity as an
officer or director of the Company to the extent consistent with the Merger
Agreement. This Section 6.3 shall survive termination of this Agreement.  
SECTION 6.4. ENFORCEMENT. The parties agree that irreparable damage would
occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were
not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise
breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to the
remedy of specific performance of such provisions and to an injunction or
injunctions and/or such other equitable relief as may be necessary to prevent
breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and
provisions of this Agreement in any court of competent jurisdiction, this
being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in
equity.   SECTION 6.5. STOP TRANSFER ORDER; LEGEND. In furtherance of
this Agreement, concurrently herewith, each Stockholder shall, and hereby
does authorize the Company to, notify the Company\'s transfer agent that
there is a stop transfer order with respect to all of the Subject Shares (and
that this Agreement places limits on the voting and transfer of such shares).
If requested by Merger Sub, each Stockholder agrees as promptly as is
reasonably practicable to apply a legend to all certificates representing the
Subject Shares referring to the rights granted to Parent and Merger Sub
pursuant to this Agreement.   SECTION 6.6. ADJUSTMENTS TO PREVENT DILUTION,
ETC. In the event of a stock dividend or distribution, or any change in the
Company\'s capital stock by reason of any stock dividend, split-up,
reclassification, recapitalization, combination or the exchange of shares,
the term "Subject Shares" shall be deemed to refer to and include the Subject
Shares as well as all such stock dividends and distributions and any shares
into which or for which any or all of the Subject Shares may be changed or
exchanged.   SECTION 6.7. AMENDMENTS. This Agreement may not be modified,
altered, supplemented or amended except by an instrument in writing signed by
each of the parties hereto.   SECTION 6.8. NOTICE. All notices and other
communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if
delivered personally or sent by overnight courier (providing proof of
delivery) to Parent    5   (c/o Purchaser) or Merger Sub, or to the
Stockholders at their respective addresses set forth in Annex A hereto (or to
such other address as any party may have furnished to the other parties in
writing), in accordance with Section 10.2 of the Merger Agreement.  
SECTION 6.9. INTERPRETATION. When a reference is made in this Agreement to
Sections, such reference shall be to a Section to this Agreement
unless otherwise indicated. The headings contained in this Agreement are for
reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement.   SECTION 6.10. COUNTERPARTS. This
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall be
considered one and the same agreement, and shall become effective when one or
more of the counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and
delivered to the other party, it being understood that each party need not
sign the same counterpart.   SECTION 6.11. SEVERABILITY. If any term or
other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being
enforced by any rule of Law or public policy, all other conditions and
provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and
effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions
contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any
party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid,
illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in
good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of
the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner to the end that
the transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the
extent possible.   SECTION 6.12. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; NO THIRD-PARTY
BENEFICIARIES. This Agreement (including, without limitation, the documents
and instruments referred to herein) (a) constitutes the entire agreement and
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral,
among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and (b) is not
intended to confer upon any Person other than the parties hereto and the
proxies appointed in Section 4.1 any rights or remedies hereunder.  
SECTION 6.13. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by,
and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware.  
SECTION 6.14. COSTS AND EXPENSES. All costs and expenses incurred
in connection with this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such
expenses.   SECTION 6.15. MULTIPLE STOCKHOLDERS. All representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements of the Stockholders in this Agreement
are several and not joint, and solely relate to matters involving the subject
Stockholder and not the other Stockholders.   SECTION 6.16. WAIVER OF JURY
TRIAL. EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY
ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT
ISSUES, AND THEREFORE IT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY
RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR
INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY OF THE
AGREEMENTS DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY OR THEREBY. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (A) NO
REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED,
EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF
LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE EITHER OF SUCH WAIVERS, (B) IT UNDERSTANDS AND
HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF SUCH WAIVERS, (C) IT MAKES SUCH
WAIVERS VOLUNTARILY, AND (D) IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT
BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION
6.16.   SECTION 6.17. CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. Except as otherwise
expressly provided in this Agreement, the parties hereto agree that any suit,
action or proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of, or based   
6   on any matter arising out of or in connection with, this Agreement or
the transactions contemplated hereby shall be brought exclusively in the
Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, County of New Castle or, if such
court does not have jurisdiction over the subject matter of such proceeding
or if such jurisdiction is not available, in the United States District Court
for the District of Delaware, and each of the parties hereby consents to the
exclusive jurisdiction of those courts (and of the appropriate appellate
courts therefrom) in any suit, action or proceeding and irrevocably waives,
to the fullest extent permitted by Law, any objection which it may now or
hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any suit, action or proceeding
in any of those courts or that any suit, action or proceeding which is
brought in any of those courts has been brought in an inconvenient forum.
Process in any suit, action or proceeding may be served on any party anywhere
in the world, whether within or without the jurisdiction of any of the named
courts. Without limiting the foregoing, each party agrees that service of
process on it by notice as provided in Section 6.8 shall be deemed effective
service of process.    (Signature Pages Follow)             
7      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Merger Sub and each Stockholder have
caused this Voting Agreement to be signed individually or by their respective
officers, as applicable, thereunto duly authorized as of the date first
written above.   UTI CORPORATION    By: 
-------------------------------------  Name: 
-----------------------------------  Title: 
----------------------------------     PINE MERGER CORPORATION    By: 
-------------------------------------  Name: 
-----------------------------------  Title: 
----------------------------------             8     
[STOCKHOLDERS]    By:  -------------------------------------  Name: 
-----------------------------------  Title: 
----------------------------------    [OR]     Name: 
-----------------------------------                 
9     ANNEX A   NUMBER OF  NAME SUBJECT SHARES  ----
--------------   Richard J. Effress (1)
5,027                               (1) Mr.
Effress may also be deemed to be the beneficial owner of (1) 624,834  shares
of common stock (which include 201,666 shares of restricted stock)  owned by
a family limited partnership, the general partner of which is a  limited
liability company in which Mr. Effress\'s spouse holds a majority  interest
and Mr. Effress holds a minority interest, and the limited  partners of which
are Mr. Effress\'s spouse and a trust and (2) 3,724 shares  of common stock
owned by a trust established for the benefit of Mr.  Effress\'s children. The
address of Mr. Effress is c/o MedSource  Technologies, Inc., 110 Cheshire
Lane, Suite 100, Minneapolis, Minnesota  55305.       ANNEX A  
NUMBER OF  NAME SUBJECT SHARES  ---- --------------   Joseph Ciffolillo(2)
17,694                               (2) Mr.
Ciffolillo may also be deemed to be the beneficial owner of 28,178  shares of
common stock owned by River Edge Partners, Inc. The address of  Mr.
Ciffolillo is c/o MedSource Technologies, Inc., 110 Cheshire Lane,  Suite
100, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55305.       ANNEX A   NUMBER OF  NAME
SUBJECT SHARES  ---- --------------   Paul E. Fulchino(3)
5,896                               (3) The
address of Mr. Fulchino is c/o MedSource Technologies, Inc., 110  Cheshire
Lane, Suite 100, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55305.       ANNEX A   NUMBER
OF  NAME SUBJECT SHARES  ---- --------------   John Galiardo(4)
46,305                               (4) The
address of Mr. Galiardo is 56 Crooked Tree Lane, Princeton, New Jersey 
08540.           ANNEX A   NUMBER OF  NAME SUBJECT SHARES  ----
--------------   William J. Kidd(5)
15,390                               (5) Mr.
Kidd may also be deemed to be the beneficial owner of (1) 725,593  shares of
common stock that are owned by Mr. Kidd\'s spouse; (2) 665,098  shares of
common stock owned by a trust for the benefit of Mr. Kidd\'s  spouse and
descendants; and (3) 806,990 shares of common stock owned by  certain trusts
established for the benefit of Mr. Kidd\'s children. The  address of Mr. Kidd
is c/o MedSource Technologies, Inc., 110 Cheshire Lane,  Suite 100,
Minneapolis, Minnesota 55305.        ANNEX A   NUMBER OF  NAME
SUBJECT SHARES  ---- --------------   William J. Kullback(6)
109,053                               (6) The
address of Mr. Kullback is c/o MedSource Technologies, Inc., 110  Cheshire
Lane, Suite 100, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55305.        ANNEX A  
NUMBER OF  NAME SUBJECT SHARES  ---- --------------   T. Michael Long(7)
17,694                               (7) Mr.
Long, a general partner of Brown Brothers Harriman and Co., which is the 
general partner of The 1818 Fund III, L.P., may also be deemed to be the 
beneficial owner of the 3,418,366 shares held of record by The 1818 Fund 
III, L.P. due to his role as co-manager of The 1818 Fund III, L.P. The 
address of Mr. Long is 59 Wall Street, New York, New York 10005.       
ANNEX A   NUMBER OF  NAME SUBJECT SHARES  ---- --------------   Ross W.
Manire(8)
30,718                               (8) Mr.
Manire, as director and officer of Odyssey Corp., the general partner  of
Manire Limited Partnership, may also be deemed to be the beneficial  owner of
the 48,833 shares of common stock owned by the Manire Limited  Partnership.
The address of Mr. Manire is c/o MedSource Technologies, Inc.,  110 Cheshire
Lane, Suite 100, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55305.       ANNEX A   NUMBER
OF  NAME SUBJECT SHARES  ---- --------------   Carl S. Sloane(9)
32,006                               (9) The
address of Mr. Sloane is c/o MedSource Technologies, Inc., 110 Cheshire 
Lane, Suite 100, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55305.       ANNEX A   NUMBER
OF  NAME SUBJECT SHARES  ---- --------------   The 1818 Fund III, L.P.(10)
3,418,366                               (10)
Brown Brothers Harriman and Co., which is the general partner of The 1818  Fund
III, L.P., and the co-managers of The 1818 Fund III, L.P. (one of whom  is T.
Michael Long) may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of the  3,418,366
shares of common stock owned by The 1818 Fund III, L.P. The  address of The
1818 Fund III, L.P. is 59 Wall Street, New York, New York 
10005.        ANNEX A   NUMBER OF  NAME SUBJECT SHARES  ----
--------------   Dean Schauer(11)
3,304                               (11) The
address of Mr. Schauer is c/o MedSource Technologies, Inc., 110  Cheshire
Lane, Suite 100, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55305.       ANNEX A   NUMBER
OF  NAME SUBJECT SHARES  ---- --------------   Manire Limited
Partnership(12)
48,833                               (12)
Odyssey Corp., the general partner of Manire Limited Partnership, and Ross 
W. Manire as director and officer of Odyssey Corp., may also be deemed to 
share the beneficial ownership of the 48,833 shares of common stock owned  by
the Manire Limited Partnership. The address of the Manire Limited 
Partnership is c/o MedSource Technologies, Inc., 110 Cheshire Lane, Suite 
100, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55305.        ANNEX A   NUMBER OF  NAME
SUBJECT SHARES  ---- --------------   Rolf Dahl(13)
86,560                               (13) The
address of Mr. Dahl is c/o MedSource Technologies, Inc., 110 Cheshire  Lane,
Suite 100, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55305.        ANNEX A   NUMBER OF 
NAME SUBJECT SHARES  ---- --------------   Daniel C. Croteau(14)
109,793                               (14) The
address of Mr. Croteau is c/o MedSource Technologies, Inc., 110  Cheshire
Lane, Suite 100, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55305.        ANNEX A  
NUMBER OF  NAME SUBJECT SHARES  ---- --------------   William G.
Ellerkamp(15)
10,356                               (15) The
address of Mr. Ellerkamp is c/o MedSource Technologies, Inc., 110  Cheshire
Lane, Suite 100, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55305.        ANNEX A  
NUMBER OF  NAME SUBJECT SHARES  ---- --------------   Ralph M. Polumbo(16)
94,969                               (16) The
address of Mr. Polumbo is c/o MedSource Technologies, Inc., 110  Cheshire
Lane, Suite 100, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55305.        ANNEX A  
NUMBER OF  NAME SUBJECT SHARES  ---- --------------   R. Richard
Snider(17)
181,343                               (17) The
address of Mr. Snider is c/o MedSource Technologies, Inc., 110 Cheshire 
Lane, Suite 100, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55305.       ANNEX A   NUMBER
OF  NAME SUBJECT SHARES  ---- --------------   Carla G. Kidd(18)
725,593                               (18) Mrs.
Kidd may also be deemed to be the beneficial owner of (1) 665,098  shares of
common stock owned by a trust for the benefit of Mrs. Kidd and  her spouse\'s
descendants; and (2) 806,990 shares of common stock owned by  certain trusts
established for the benefit of Mrs. Kidd\'s children. Mrs.  Kidd\'s address
c/o Kidd and Company, LLC, Three Pickwick Plaza, Greenwich,  Connecticut
06830.        ANNEX A   NUMBER OF  NAME SUBJECT SHARES  ----
--------------   River Edge Partners, Inc.(19)
28,178                               (19)
Joseph Ciffolillo may also be deemed to share beneficial ownership of the 
28,178 shares of common stock owned by River Edge Partners, Inc. The  address
of River Edge Partners, Inc is c/o MedSource Technologies, Inc.,  110
Cheshire Lane, Suite 100, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55305.       ANNEX
A   NUMBER OF  NAME SUBJECT SHARES  ---- --------------   Sand Dollar
Partners, L.P.(20)
624,834                               (20) Sand
Dollar Partners, LLC, as general partner of Sand Dollar Partners, L.P.  and
Jessica Effress, as manager of Sand Dollar Partners, LLC, may be deemed  to
share beneficial ownership of the 624,834 shares of common stock owned  by
Sand Dollar Partners, L.P. The address of Sand Dollar Partners, L.P. is  c/o
MedSource Technologies, Inc., 110 Cheshire Lane, Suite 100,  Minneapolis,
Minnesota 55305.       ANNEX A   NUMBER OF  NAME SUBJECT SHARES 
---- --------------   Catherine M. Kidd Trust(21)
210,612                               (21)
William J. Kidd and Carla G. Kidd may also be deemed to share beneficial 
ownership of the shares owned by the Catherine M. Kidd Trust. The address  of
the Catherine M. Kidd Trust is c/o MedSource Technologies, Inc., 110 
Cheshire Lane, Suite 100, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55305.       ANNEX
A   NUMBER OF  NAME SUBJECT SHARES  ---- --------------   Cara E. Kidd
Trust(22)
220,163                               (22)
William J. Kidd and Carla G. Kidd may also be deemed to share beneficial 
ownership of the Cara E. Kidd Trust. The address of the Cara E. Kidd Trust 
is c/o MedSource Technologies, Inc., 110 Cheshire Lane, Suite 100, 
Minneapolis, Minnesota 55305.        ANNEX A   NUMBER OF  NAME
SUBJECT SHARES  ---- --------------   Thomas C. Kidd Trust(23)
220,163                               (23)
William J. Kidd and Carla G. Kidd may also be deemed to share beneficial 
ownership of the Thomas C. Kidd Trust. The address of the Thomas C. Kidd 
Trust is c/o MedSource Technologies, Inc., 110 Cheshire Lane, Suite 100, 
Minneapolis, Minnesota 55305.       ANNEX A   NUMBER OF  NAME SUBJECT
SHARES  ---- --------------   Richard J. Effress Family Trust(24)
3,724                               (24)
Richard J. Effress and Jessica Effress may also be deemed to share 
beneficial ownership of 3,724 shares of common stock owned by the Richard  J.
Effress Family Trust. The address of the Richard J. Effress Family Trust  is
c/o MedSource Technologies, Inc., 110 Cheshire Lane, Suite 100,  Minneapolis,
Minnesota 55305.       ANNEX A   NUMBER OF  NAME SUBJECT SHARES 
---- --------------   Catherine M. Kidd Grantor Trust(25)
9,551                               (25)
William J. Kidd and Carla G. Kidd may also be deemed to share beneficial 
ownership of the shares owned by the Catherine M. Kidd Grantor Trust. The 
address of the Catherine M. Kidd Grantor Trust is c/o MedSource 
Technologies, Inc., 110 Cheshire Lane, Suite 100, Minneapolis, Minnesota 
55305.       ANNEX A   NUMBER OF  NAME SUBJECT SHARES  ----
--------------   William J. Kidd Grantor Trust(26)
146,501                               (26)
William J. Kidd and Carla G. Kidd may also be deemed to share beneficial 
ownership of the shares owned by the William J. Kidd Grantor Trust. The 
address of the William J. Kidd Grantor Trust is c/o MedSource Technologies, 
Inc., 110 Cheshire Lane, Suite 100, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55305.      
ANNEX A   NUMBER OF  NAME SUBJECT SHARES  ---- --------------   Mohegan
Investments, LLC(27)
665,098                               (27)
William J. Kidd and Carla G. Kidd may also be deemed to share beneficial 
ownership of the shares owned by Mohegan Investments, LLC. The address of 
Mohegan Investments, LLC is c/o MedSource Technologies, Inc., 110 Cheshire 
Lane, Suite 100, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55305.     '

