 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER    1 
Exhibit 99.1    AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   This Agreement and Plan of
Merger (the "Agreement") is entered into as of the 11th of June, 2000 by and
among Engage, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Engage"), Engage Subsidiary,
Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Engage (the
"Transitory Subsidiary"), and MediaBridge Technologies, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the "Company""), and, with respect to Article VI only, Standish
H. O\'Grady (the "Shareholder Representative"). Engage, Transitory
Subsidiary, the Company and the Shareholder Representative are referred to
collectively herein as the "Parties."   This Agreement contemplates a merger
of Transitory Subsidiary with and into the Company, with the Company being
the surviving corporation. The merger is intended to qualify as a tax-free
reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the "Code").   Now, therefore, in consideration of the
representations, warranties and covenants herein contained, the Parties agree
as follows.   ARTICLE I  THE MERGER   1.1 The Merger. Upon and subject to
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Transitory Subsidiary shall merge
with and into the Company (with such merger referred to herein as the
"Merger") at the Effective Time (as defined below). From and after the
Effective Time, the separate corporate existence of Transitory Subsidiary
shall cease and the Company shall continue as the surviving corporation in
the Merger (the "Surviving Corporation"). The "Effective Time" shall be the
time at which the Surviving Corporation files the Certificate of Merger (the
"Certificate of Merger") in the form required by the General Corporation Law
of the State of Delaware (the "DGCL") in accordance with Section 251 of the
DGCL, with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. The Merger shall
have the effects set forth in Section 259 of the DGCL.   1.2 The Closing.
The closing of the Merger (the "Closing") shall take place at the offices of
Hale and Dorr LLP in Boston, Massachusetts, on a date agreed upon by Engage
and the Company, which date (the "Closing Date") shall not, without the
written consent of Engage and the Company, be later than three business days
after the satisfaction or waiver of all conditions (excluding the delivery of
any documents to be delivered at the Closing by any of the Parties) set forth
in Article V hereof.   1.3 Actions at the Closing. At the Closing:   (a)
the Company shall deliver to Engage and Transitory Subsidiary the various
certificates, instruments and documents referred to in Section 5.2;    
2   (b) Engage and Transitory Subsidiary shall deliver to the Company
the various certificates, instruments and documents referred to in Section
5.3;   (c) the Surviving Corporation shall file with the Secretary of State
of the State of Delaware the Certificate of Merger;   (d) Engage shall
deliver a certificate for the Closing Shares (as defined below) to EquiServe
LP, Engage\'s transfer agent, or any other bank trust company or other entity
reasonably satisfactory to the Company, appointed by Engage to act as the
exchange agent (the "Exchange Agent") in accordance with Section 1.7; and  
(e) Engage, the Shareholder Representative and State Street Bank, N.A.
(the "Escrow Agent") shall execute and deliver the Escrow Agreement in the
form attached hereto as EXHIBIT 1.3 (the "Escrow Agreement"), with such
changes as may be reasonably requested by the Escrow Agent and consented to
by both Engage and the Shareholder Representative, which consents shall not
be unreasonably withheld, and Engage shall deliver to the Escrow Agent a
certificate for the Escrow Shares being placed in Escrow (as such terms are
defined below) on the Closing Date pursuant to Section 1.6.   1.4
Additional Action. The Surviving Corporation may, at any time after
the Effective Time, take any action, including executing and delivering
any document, in the name and on behalf of either the Company or
Transitory Subsidiary, in order to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.   1.5 Conversion of Shares. At the Effective Time, by
virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of any Party or the
holder of any securities of the Company, each share of capital stock of the
Company outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be
converted into the right to receive Engage Common Stock to the extent as
provided in this Section:   (a) DEFINITIONS.   (i) The "Gross Merger
Consideration" means Fourteen Million Five Hundred Thousand (14,500,000)
shares of Engage Common Stock, subject to adjustment as provided in clauses
(A), (B) and (C) below.   (A) If the Average Closing Price (as defined
herein) is greater than $24.14 but not greater than $30.00, the Gross Merger
Consideration will be equal to the number of shares of Engage Common Stock,
rounded to the nearest share, obtained by dividing (x) Three Hundred Fifty
Million Dollars ($350,000,000) by (y) the Average Closing Price.   (B) If
the Average Closing Price is greater than $30.00, the Gross Merger
Consideration will be equal to Eleven Million Six Hundred Sixty-six Thousand
Six Hundred Six-Seven (11,666,667) shares of Engage Common Stock.     
2   3    (C) The method of determining the Gross Merger Consideration
shall be equitably adjusted in the event of any stock split, stock dividend,
reverse stock split or similar event affecting the Engage Common Stock
between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time.   (ii) The "Net
Merger Consideration" means the Gross Merger Consideration reduced by a
number of shares of Engage Common Stock, rounded to the nearest whole share,
equal to the result obtained by dividing (x) the aggregate amount of all fees
and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby (including, without limitation, all
accounting, banking, legal and printing expenses and regulatory filing fees),
as allocated pursuant to Section 4.8 hereof, by (y) the Average Closing
Price.   (iii) The "Conversion Ratio" shall be the result obtained
by dividing (x) the number of shares constituting the Net Merger
Consideration less the Liquidation Preference Shares (as defined below) by
(y) the number of shares of Company Common Stock equal to the sum of (A) the
total number of shares of Company Common Stock outstanding immediately prior
to the Effective Time, and (B) the number of shares of Company Common Stock
which would be issuable upon conversion of all Company Preferred Stock, all
Company Options and all Company Warrants or any other like instruments or
obligations to issue shares of Company Common Stock, if any, outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time.   (b) CONVERSION OF SERIES A
PREFERRED STOCK, SERIES B PREFERRED STOCK AND SERIES C PREFERRED STOCK. Each
share of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series C
Preferred Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time (other than Dissenting Shares) shall be converted into and represent the
right to receive (i) the number of shares of Engage Stock equal to the result
obtained by dividing (x) the liquidation preference of such share through and
including the Closing Date, as set forth in the Company\'s Certificate of
Incorporation, by (y) the Average Closing Price and (ii) the number of shares
of Engage Common Stock determined by multiplying the Conversion Ratio by one.
The shares of Engage Common Stock allocated to the holders of Series A
Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock in
accordance with clause (i) of the immediately preceding sentence plus
the shares allocated to the holders of Series D Preferred Stock in accordance
with Section 1.5(c) hereof are collectively referred to in this Agreement as
the "Liquidation Preference Shares." The shares of Engage Common Stock
remaining after deducting from the Net Merger Consideration the Liquidation
Preference Shares are collectively referred to in this Agreement as the
"Common Equity Shares."   (c) CONVERSION OF SERIES D PREFERRED STOCK. Any
share of Series D Preferred Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to
the Effective Time (other than Dissenting Shares) shall be converted into and
represent the right to receive the number of shares of Engage Common Stock
with an aggregate Average Closing Price equal to the liquidation preference
of such share, as adjusted, as set forth in the Company\'s Certificate of
Incorporation.   (d) CONVERSION OF COMPANY COMMON STOCK. Each share of
Company Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time (other than Dissenting      3  4  Shares) shall be
converted into and represent the right to receive the number of shares of
Engage Common Stock determined by multiplying the Conversion Ratio
by one.   (e) CANCELLATION OF SHARES. Each share of Company Common Stock
and Company Preferred Stock held in the Company\'s treasury immediately prior
to the Effective Time shall be canceled and retired without payment of
any consideration therefor.   (f) CONVERSION OF TRANSITORY SUBSIDIARY
STOCK. Each share of Transitory Subsidiary Stock issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into and
thereafter evidence a share of Surviving Corporation Common Stock. The
Surviving Corporation Common Stock will have the same terms as the Company
Common Stock.   1.6 Escrow.   (a) At the Closing, there shall be withheld
from the Company Shareholders and deposited into escrow (the "Escrow") to be
held and disposed of in accordance with the terms of the Escrow Agreement an
aggregate number of shares of Engage Common Stock equal to ten percent (10%)
of the Gross Merger Consideration rounded to the nearest whole number.  
(b) At the Closing, there shall be withheld from the amount of Common Equity
Shares distributed to a Company Shareholder at Closing a number of shares of
Engage Common Stock (collectively, the "Escrow Shares") equal to the
product, rounded to the nearest whole share, of (x) the number of Common
Equity Shares such holder would have otherwise received pursuant to Section
1.5 multiplied by (y) ten percent (10%).   (c) At the Closing, Engage shall
deliver to the Escrow Agent a certificate (issued in the name of the Escrow
Agent or its nominee) representing the Escrow Shares for the purpose of
securing the indemnification obligations of the Company Shareholders set
forth in this Agreement. The Escrow Shares shall be held by the Escrow Agent
under the Escrow Agreement pursuant to the terms thereof. The Escrow Shares
shall be held as a trust fund and shall not be subject to any lien,
attachment, trustee process or any other judicial process of any creditor of
any party, and shall be held and disbursed solely for the purposes and in
accordance with the terms of the Escrow Agreement and this Agreement.   1.7
Exchange of Shares.   (a) Prior to the Effective Time, Engage shall appoint
the Exchange Agent to effect the exchange for the Closing Shares (as defined
below) of certificates that, immediately prior to the Effective Time,
represented Company Shares converted into shares of Engage Common Stock
pursuant to Section 1.5 (including any Company Shares referred to in the last
sentence of Section 1.9(a)). For purposes of this Agreement, the term
"Closing Shares" means those Merger Shares, other than the Escrow Shares, to
which the Company Shareholders are entitled upon completion of the
Merger.   (b) On the Closing Date, Engage shall deliver to the Exchange
Agent, in trust for the benefit of holders of such certificates, a stock
certificate (issued in the name of the Exchange      4  5  Agent or
its nominee) representing the Closing Shares. As soon as practicable after
the Effective Time, Engage shall cause the Exchange Agent to send a
notice and a transmittal form to each holder of a certificate advising such
holder of the effectiveness of the Merger and the procedure for surrendering
to the Exchange Agent such certificate in exchange for the Closing Shares
issuable pursuant to Section 1.5. Each holder of a certificate, upon proper
surrender thereof to the Exchange Agent in accordance with the instructions
in such notice, shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor (subject to
any taxes required to be withheld) the Closing Shares issuable pursuant to
Section 1.5 plus cash in lieu of any fractional shares, as provided in
Section 1.8 below. Until properly surrendered, each such certificate shall be
deemed for all purposes to evidence only the right to receive a certificate
for the Closing Shares issuable pursuant to Section 1.5 and any Escrow Shares
distributed to the Company Shareholders pursuant to the terms of the Escrow
Agreement. Holders of certificates representing Company Common Stock shall
not be entitled to receive certificates for the Merger Shares to which they
would otherwise be entitled until such certificates are properly
surrendered.   (c) If any Merger Shares are to be issued in the name of a
person other than the person in whose name the certificate surrendered in
exchange therefor is registered, it shall be a condition to the issuance of
such Merger Shares that (i) the certificate so surrendered shall be
transferable, and shall be properly assigned, endorsed or accompanied by
appropriate stock powers, (ii) such transfer shall otherwise be proper, and
(iii) the person requesting such transfer shall pay to the Exchange Agent any
transfer or other taxes payable by reason of the foregoing or establish to
the satisfaction of the Exchange Agent that such taxes have been paid or are
not required to be paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Exchange
Agent nor any Party shall be liable to a holder of Company Shares for any
Merger Shares issuable to such holder pursuant to Section 1.5 that are
properly delivered to a public official pursuant to applicable abandoned
property, escheat or similar laws.   (d) In the event any certificate shall
have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that
fact by the person claiming such certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed,
Engage shall issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate
the Merger Shares issuable in exchange therefor pursuant to Section 1.5. The
Board of Directors of Engage may, in its discretion and as a condition
precedent to the issuance thereof, require the owner of such lost, stolen or
destroyed certificate to give Engage a bond in such sum as it may direct as
indemnity against any claim that may be made against Engage with respect to
the certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed.   (e) No
dividends or other distributions that are payable to the holders of record of
Engage Common Stock as of a date on or after the Closing Date shall be paid
to the Company Shareholders (as defined below) entitled by reason of
the Merger to receive Merger Shares until such holders surrender their
certificates for certificates representing the Merger Shares. Upon such
surrender, Engage shall pay or deliver to the persons in whose name the
certificates representing such Closing Shares are issued any dividends or
other distributions that are payable to the holders of record of Engage
Common Stock as of a date on or after the Closing Date and which were paid or
delivered between the Effective Time and the time of such surrender; provided
that no such person shall be entitled to receive any interest on such
dividends or other distributions.         5  6   1.8 Fractional
Shares. No certificates or scrip representing fractional Merger Shares shall
be issued to former Company Shareholders upon the surrender for exchange of
certificates, and such former Company Shareholders shall not be entitled to
any voting rights, rights to receive any dividends or distributions or other
rights as a stockholder of Engage with respect to any fractional
Merger Shares that would have otherwise been issued to such former
Company Shareholders. Each former Company Shareholder that would have been
entitled to receive a fractional Merger Share shall receive a cash payment
equal to the Average Closing Price of Engage Common Stock multiplied by the
fraction of a Merger Share that such former Company Shareholder would
otherwise be entitled to receive rounded to the nearest whole cent.   1.9
Dissenting Shares.   (a) For purposes of this Agreement, "Dissenting Shares"
means (i) Company Common Stock and/or Company Preferred Stock (collectively,
the "Company Shares") held as of the Effective Time by a Company Shareholder
who has not voted such Company Shares in favor of the adoption of this
Agreement and the Merger and with respect to which appraisal shall have been
duly demanded and perfected in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL and
not effectively withdrawn or forfeited prior to the Effective Time.
Dissenting Shares shall not be converted into or represent the right to
receive any portion of the Net Merger Consideration, unless such Company
Shareholder\'s right to appraisal shall have ceased in accordance with
Section 262 of the DGCL. If such Company Shareholder has so forfeited or
withdrawn his, her or its right to appraisal of Dissenting Shares, then, (i)
as of the occurrence of such event, such holder\'s Dissenting Shares shall
cease to be Dissenting Shares and shall be converted into and represent the
right to receive the Net Merger Consideration issuable in respect of such
Company Shares pursuant to Section 1.5, and (ii) promptly following
the occurrence of such event, Engage shall deliver to the Exchange Agent
a certificate representing the Closing Shares to which such holder is
entitled pursuant to Section 1.5 (which shares shall be considered Closing
Shares for all purposes of this Agreement) and shall deliver to the Escrow
Agent a certificate representing the remaining Common Equity Shares to which
such holder is entitled pursuant to Section 1.6 (which shares shall be
considered Escrow Shares for all purposes of this Agreement).   (b) The
Company shall give Engage (i) prompt notice of any written demands for
appraisal of any Company Shares, withdrawals of such demands, and any
other instruments that relate to such demands received by the Company and
(ii) the opportunity to direct all negotiations and proceedings with respect
to demands for appraisal under the DGCL. The Company shall not, except with
the prior written consent of Engage, make any payment with respect to any
demands for appraisal of Company Shares or offer to settle or settle any such
demands.   1.10 Company Options. Each option to purchase Company Common
Stock issued by the Company pursuant to its stock option plans or otherwise
(a "Company Option") which is not exercised prior to the Effective Time shall
be canceled, and Engage shall grant with respect to each an option to acquire
shares of Engage Common Stock (an "Engage Option") in accordance with the
terms of Engage\'s stock option plan, with the following terms:       
6   7   (a) The number of shares of Engage Common Stock for which the
Engage Option may be exercised shall be equal to the product of the number of
shares of Company Common Stock previously subject thereto and the Conversion
Ratio, rounded down to the nearest whole share; and   (b) The exercise
price per share of Engage Common Stock for which the Engage Option may be
exercised shall be equal to the exercise price per share of Company Common
Stock previously subject thereto divided by the Conversion Ratio, rounded up
to the nearest whole cent;   (c) The vesting schedule shall be the same as
that of the Company Option for which the Engage Option is exchanged; and  
(d) With respect to any Company Option held by a Consenting Option
Holder that qualifies as an incentive stock option within the meaning of
Section 422(b) of the Code, such Company Option shall be exchanged for an
Engage Option that is not so qualified under Section 422(b) of the Code.  
1.11 Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws; Board of
Directors; Officers.   (a) The Certificate of Incorporation of the
Surviving Corporation immediately following the Effective Time shall be the
same as the Certificate of Incorporation of the Transitory Subsidiary
immediately prior to the Effective Time.   (b) The By-laws of the Surviving
Corporation immediately following the Effective Time shall be the same as the
By-laws of the Transitory Subsidiary immediately prior to the Effective
Time.   (c) The Board of Directors of the Surviving Corporation
immediately following the Effective Time shall be the same as the Board of
Directors of Transitory Subsidiary immediately prior to the Effective
Time.   (d) The officers of the Surviving Corporation immediately following
the Effective Time shall be the same as the officers of the Company
immediately prior to the Effective Time.   1.12 No Further Rights. From and
after the Effective Time, no Company Shares shall be deemed to be
outstanding, and holders of certificates shall cease to have any rights with
respect thereto, except as provided herein or by law.   1.13 Closing of
Transfer Books. At the Effective Time, the stock transfer books of the
Company shall be closed and no transfer of Company Shares shall thereafter be
made. If, after the Effective Time, certificates are presented to Engage, the
Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent, they shall be canceled and
exchanged for Merger Shares in accordance with Section 1.5, subject
to Section 1.10 and to applicable law in the case of Dissenting
Shares.       7  8   1.14 Effect of Adoption of Agreement and
Approval of Merger. The adoption of this Agreement and the approval of the
Merger by the Company Shareholders shall constitute approval of this
Agreement, including the provisions of Article VI hereof and the Escrow
Agreement and of all of the arrangements relating thereto, including, without
limitation, the placement of the Escrow Shares into Escrow and the
appointment of the Shareholder Representative.    ARTICLE II 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY   The Company represents and
warrants to Engage that the statements contained in this Article II are true
and correct, except as set forth in the disclosure schedule provided by the
Company to Engage on the date hereof (the "Disclosure Schedule"). The
representations and warranties which follow are deemed to be repeated on the
Closing Date. The Disclosure Schedule shall be arranged in paragraphs
corresponding to the numbered and lettered Sections contained in this Article
II, and the disclosures in any paragraph of the Disclosure Schedule shall not
qualify any other Section in this Article II. For purposes of this Article
II, the phrase "to the knowledge of the Company" or any phrase of similar
import shall be deemed to refer to the actual knowledge of those executive
officers of the Company listed on EXHIBIT 2.0, as well as any other knowledge
which such executive officers would have possessed had they made reasonable
inquiry of appropriate employees and agents of the Company with respect to
the matter in question.   2.1 Organization, Qualification and Corporate
Power. The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in
corporate and tax good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware. The
Company is duly qualified to conduct business and is in corporate and tax
good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction in which the nature of its
businesses or the ownership or leasing of its properties requires such
qualification, except where the failure to so qualify would not have a
Company Material Adverse Effect (as defined below). For purposes of this
Agreement, "Company Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect
on or a material adverse change in, or group of such effects on or changes in
the assets (including intangible properties), business, condition (financial
or otherwise), results of operations or regulatory status of the Company and
the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (other than changes that are the effect of
economic factors affecting the economy as a whole or changes that are the
effect of factors generally affecting the specific markets in which the
Company and its Subsidiaries compete); provided, however, that a
Company Material Adverse Effect shall not include any adverse effect (other
than a breach, default or acceleration under any Contract to which the
Company or one of its Subsidiaries is a party otherwise having a material
adverse effect) attributable to the Merger or the announcement thereof or the
transactions contemplated thereby. Such jurisdictions are set forth on
Section 2.1 to the Disclosure Schedule. The Company has all requisite
corporate power and authority to carry on the businesses in which it is
engaged and to own and use the properties owned and used by it. The Company
has furnished to Engage complete and accurate copies of its Certificate of
Incorporation and By-laws. The Company is not in default under or in
violation of any provision of its Certificate of Incorporation or By-
laws.         8   9   2.2 Capitalization. As of the date of this
Agreement, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (a)
39,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock, of which 3,546,324 shares were
issued and outstanding, and no shares were held in the treasury of the
Company and (b) 18,000,000 shares of Company Preferred Stock, of which: (i)
8,200,000 shares have been designated as Series A Preferred Stock, of which
7,700,000 shares were issued and outstanding; (ii) 400,000 shares have been
designated as Series B Preferred Stock, all of which were issued and
outstanding; (iii) 6,900,000 shares have been designated as Series C
Preferred Stock, of which 6,896,551 were issued and outstanding;
(iv) 2,000,000 shares have been designated as Series D Preferred Stock, of
which 1,116,978 shares were issued and outstanding. Section 2.2 of the
Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and accurate list as of the date of
this Agreement of (i) all shareholders of the Company, indicating the number
and class or series of Company Shares held by each shareholder and (for
Company Shares other than Company Common Stock) the number of shares of
Company Common Stock (if any) into which such Company Shares are convertible,
(ii) all outstanding Company Options and Warrants, indicating (A) the holder
thereof, (B) the number and class or series of shares of Company Shares
subject to each Company Option and Warrant and (for Company Shares other than
Company Common Stock) the number of shares of Company Common Stock (if any)
into which such Company Shares are convertible, (C) the exercise price, date
of grant, vesting schedule and expiration date for each Company Option or
Warrant, and (D) any terms regarding the acceleration of vesting, and (iii)
all stock option plans and other stock or equity-related plans of the
Company. All of the issued and outstanding Company Shares are, and all
Company Common Stock that may be issued upon exercise of Company Options or
Warrants and conversion of Company Preferred Stock will be (upon issuance in
accordance with their terms), duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid,
nonassessable and free of all preemptive rights. Other than the Company
Options and Warrants listed in Section 2.2 of the Disclosure Schedule, there
are no outstanding or authorized options, warrants, rights, agreements or
commitments to which the Company is a party or which are binding upon the
Company providing for the issuance or redemption of any of its capital stock.
There are no outstanding or authorized stock appreciation, phantom stock or
similar rights with respect to the Company. Except as listed in Section 2.2
of the Disclosure Schedule, there are no agreements to which the Company is a
party or by which it is bound with respect to the voting (including, without
limitation, voting trusts or proxies), registration under the Securities Act,
or sale or transfer (including, without limitation, agreements relating to
preemptive rights, rights of first refusal, cosale rights or "dragalong"
rights) of any securities of the Company. To the knowledge of the Company,
there are no agreements among other parties, to which the Company is not a
party and by which it is not bound, with respect to the voting
(including without limitation voting trusts or proxies) or sale or transfer
(including, without limitation, agreements relating to rights of first
refusal, cosale rights or "dragalong" rights) of any securities of the
Company that will remain in effect after the Effective Time. All of the
issued and outstanding Company Shares were issued in compliance with
applicable federal and state securities laws.   2.3 Authorization of
Transaction. The Company has all requisite power and authority to execute and
deliver this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder. The
execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and, subject to the
adoption of this Agreement and the approval of the Merger by the holders of a
majority of (i) the Company Shares (with the holders of Company Preferred
Stock voting on an as converted basis with the holders of       9  
10  Company Common Stock), (ii) the Series A Preferred Stock, Series B
Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock, voting together as a separate
class, and (iii) the Series C Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class,
(together, the "Requisite Shareholder Approval"), the consummation by the
Company of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly
authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Board of Directors of
the Company, at a meeting duly called and held, by the unanimous vote of all
directors (i) adopted this Agreement in accordance with the provisions of the
DGCL, and (ii) directed that this Agreement and the Merger be submitted to
the shareholders of the Company for their adoption and approval and resolved
to recommend that the shareholders of Company vote in favor of the adoption
of this Agreement and the approval of the Merger. This Agreement has been
duly and validly executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes a
valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company
in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium or other similar laws affecting or
relating to creditors\' rights generally, and general principles of equity.
The Company has delivered to Engage executed copies of the Shareholder
Support Agreement that represent agreements on behalf of holders of a
sufficient number of Company Shares to constitute the Requisite
Shareholder Approval.   2.4 Noncontravention. Subject to compliance with
the applicable requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements
Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act"), such consents, approvals, orders,
authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings as may be required
under applicable federal and state securities laws, including, if so desired
by Engage, approval and a hearing under Sections 25121 and 25142 of the
California Corporations Code, and the filing of the Certificate of Merger as
required by the DGCL, neither the execution and delivery by the Company of
this Agreement, nor the consummation by the Company of the transactions
contemplated hereby, will (a) conflict with or violate any provision of the
Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws of the Company or the charter, By-
laws or other organizational document of any Subsidiary (as defined below),
(b) require on the part of the Company or any Subsidiary any filing with, or
any permit, authorization, consent or approval of, any court, arbitrational
tribunal, administrative agency or commission or other governmental or
regulatory authority or agency (a "Governmental Entity") or other party, (c)
conflict with, result in a breach of, constitute (with or without due notice
or lapse of time or both) a default under, result in the acceleration of
obligations under, create in any party the right to terminate, modify or
cancel, or require any notice, consent or waiver under, any material contract
or instrument, except where such conflict, breach, default and the like have
not had or could not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect, (d) result in the imposition of any Security Interest (as
defined below) upon any assets of the Company or any Subsidiary or (e)
violate any order, writ, injunction, decree, statute, rule or
regulation applicable to the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their
properties or assets.   2.5 Subsidiaries.   (a) Section 2.5 of the
Disclosure Schedule sets forth: (i) the name of each corporation,
partnership, joint venture or other entity in which the Company has, directly
or indirectly, an equity interest representing 50% or more of the capital
stock thereof or other equity interests therein (individually, a "Subsidiary"
and, collectively, the "Subsidiaries"); (ii) the       10  
11  number and type of outstanding equity securities of each Subsidiary and
a list of the holders thereof; (iii) the jurisdiction of organization of
each Subsidiary; (iv) the names of the officers and directors of each
Subsidiary; and (v) the jurisdictions in which each Subsidiary is qualified
or holds licenses to do business as a foreign corporation.   (b) Each
Subsidiary is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in corporate
and tax good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of
its incorporation. Each Subsidiary is duly qualified to conduct business and
is in corporate and tax good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction in
which the nature of its businesses or the ownership or leasing of its
properties requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so
qualified or in good standing, individually or in the aggregate, has not had
and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect. Each Subsidiary has all requisite power and authority to carry on the
businesses in which it is engaged and to own and use the properties owned and
used by it. The Company has delivered to Engage complete and accurate copies
of the charter, By-laws or other organizational documents of each Subsidiary.
No Subsidiary is in default under or in violation of any provision of its
charter, By-laws or other organizational documents. All of the issued and
outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights. All
shares of each Subsidiary that are held of record or owned beneficially by
either the Company or any Subsidiary are held or owned free and clear of any
restrictions on transfer (other than restrictions under the Securities Act
and state securities laws), claims, Security Interests, options, warrants,
rights, contracts, calls, commitments, equities and demands. There are no
outstanding or authorized options, warrants, rights, agreements or
commitments to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or which are
binding on any of them providing for the issuance, disposition or acquisition
of any capital stock of any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding stock
appreciation, phantom stock or similar rights with respect to any Subsidiary.
There are no voting trusts, proxies or other agreements or understandings
with respect to the voting of any capital stock of any Subsidiary.   (c)
The Company does not control directly or indirectly or have any direct or
indirect equity participation or similar interest in any
corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or
other business association which is not a Subsidiary.   2.6 Financial
Statements. The Company has provided to Engage (a) the audited consolidated
(i) balance sheets as of January 31, 1999 and January 31, 2000 and (ii)
statements of income, changes in shareholders\' equity and cash flows of the
Company as of December 31, 1997, January 31, 1999 and January 31, 2000 and
for each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 1997, January 31, 1999 and
January 31, 2000; and (b) the unaudited consolidated balance sheet
and statements of income, changes in shareholders\' equity and cash flows as
of and for the three months ended as of April 30, 2000 (such balance sheet is
referred to as the "Most Recent Balance Sheet" and the date thereof is the
"Most Recent Balance Sheet Date. The Most Recent Balance Sheet has been
reviewed by the Company\'s accountants. Such financial statements
(collectively, the "Financial Statements") have been prepared in accordance
with United States generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") applied
on a consistent basis throughout the periods covered thereby, fairly present
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company
and the Subsidiaries as of the respective dates thereof and for the periods
referred to therein and are consistent with the books and records of
the       11  12  Company and the Subsidiaries; provided, however,
that the Financial Statements referred to in clause (b) above are subject to
normal recurring year-end adjustments (which will not be material) and do not
include footnotes. A true, complete and correct description of the Company\'s
policy regarding revenue recognition is set forth on Section 2.6 of the
Disclosure Schedule, complies in all material respects with Staff Accounting
Bulletin No. 101 - Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements and has been
reviewed and approved by the Company\'s independent auditors.   2.7 Absence
of Certain Changes. Since the Most Recent Balance Sheet Date, (a) there has
occurred no event or development which has had, or could reasonably be
expected to have in the future, a Company Material Adverse Effect, and (b)
neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has taken any of the actions set forth
in paragraphs (a) through (n) of Section 4.5.   2.8 Undisclosed Liabilities.
None of the Company and its Subsidiaries has any material liability (whether
known or unknown, whether absolute or contingent, whether liquidated or
unliquidated and whether due or to become due), except for (a) liabilities
shown on the Most Recent Balance Sheet, (b) liabilities which have arisen
since the Most Recent Balance Sheet Date in the Ordinary Course of Business
and which are similar in nature and amount (as a percentage of revenues) to
the liabilities which arose during the comparable period of time in the
immediately preceding fiscal period and (c) contractual and other liabilities
incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business which are not required by GAAP to
be reflected on a balance sheet. For purposes of this Section 2.8, "material"
shall mean any liability equal to or greater than $50,000. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company has no balance outstanding under its credit
facility with Fleet National Bank.   2.9 Tax Matters.   (a) For purposes
of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:  
(i) "Taxes" means all taxes, charges, fees, levies or other
similar assessments or liabilities, including without limitation income,
gross receipts, ad valorem, premium, value-added, excise, real property,
personal property, sales, use, transfer, withholding, employment,
unemployment insurance, social security, business license, business
organization, environmental, workers compensation, payroll, profits, license,
lease, service, service use, severance, stamp, occupation, windfall profits,
customs, duties, franchise and other taxes imposed by the United States of
America or any state, local or foreign government, or any agency thereof, or
other political subdivision of the United States or any such government, and
any interest, fines, penalties, assessments or additions to tax resulting
from, attributable to or incurred in connection with any tax or any contest
or dispute thereof.   (ii) "Tax Returns" means all reports, returns,
declarations, statements or other information required to be supplied to a
taxing authority in connection with Taxes.        12  13   (iii)
"Affiliated Group" means a group of corporations with which the Company or
any Subsidiary has filed (or was required to file) consolidated, combined,
unitary or similar Tax Returns.   (b) Each of the Company and the
Subsidiaries has filed on a timely basis all Tax Returns that it was required
to file, and all such Tax Returns were complete and accurate in all material
respects. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is or has ever been a member
of a group of corporations with which it has filed (or been required to file)
consolidated, combined or unitary Tax Returns, other than a group of which
only the Company and the Subsidiaries are or were members. Each of the
Company and the Subsidiaries has paid on a timely basis all Taxes that were
due and payable, except for any Taxes with respect to which the failure to
pay has not had and could not be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect. The unpaid Taxes of the Company and the Subsidiaries for tax periods
through the Most Recent Balance Sheet Date do not exceed the accruals and
reserves for Taxes (excluding accruals and reserves for deferred Taxes
established to reflect timing differences between book and Tax income)
set forth on the Most Recent Balance Sheet. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary has any actual or potential liability for any Tax obligation of
any taxpayer (including without limitation any affiliated group of
corporations or other entities that included the Company or any Subsidiary
during a prior period) other than the Company and the Subsidiaries. All Taxes
that the Company or any Subsidiary is or was required by law to withhold or
collect have been duly withheld or collected and, to the extent required,
have been paid to the proper Governmental Entity, except for any Taxes with
respect to which the failure to withhold, collect or pay would not
individually or in the aggregate, together with any fines, interest,
penalties or levies, exceed $50,000.   (c) The Company has delivered to
Engage complete and accurate copies of all federal income Tax Returns of the
Company since December 31, 1996 and examination reports and statements of
deficiencies assessed against or agreed to by the Company or any Subsidiary
since December 31, 1995. The federal income Tax Returns of the Company and
each Subsidiary have been audited by the Internal Revenue Service or are
closed by the applicable statute of limitations for all taxable years through
the taxable year specified in Section 2.9(c) of the Disclosure Schedule. The
Company has delivered or made available to Engage complete and accurate
copies of all other Tax Returns of the Company and the Subsidiaries together
with all related examination reports and statements of deficiency for all
periods since December 31, 1995. No examination or audit of any Tax Return of
the Company or any Subsidiary by any Governmental Entity is currently in
progress or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened or contemplated.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has been informed by any jurisdiction
that the jurisdiction believes that the Company or Subsidiary was required to
file any Tax Return that was not filed. Neither the Company nor
any Subsidiary has waived any statute of limitations with respect to Taxes or
agreed to an extension of time with respect to a Tax assessment or
deficiency.   (d) Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is a
"consenting corporation" within the meaning of Section 341(f) of the Code and
none of the assets of the Company or the Subsidiaries are subject to an
election under Section 341(f) of the Code; (ii) has been a United States real
property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897(c)(2) of the
Code during the applicable period specified in Section 897(c)(l)(A)(ii) of
the Code; (iii) has made any        13  14  payments, is obligated
to make any payments, or is a party to any agreement that could obligate it
to make any payments that may be treated as an "excess parachute payment"
under Section 280G of the Code; (iv) has any actual or potential liability
for any Taxes of any person (other than the Company and its Subsidiaries)
under Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of
federal, state, local, or foreign law), or as a transferee or successor, by
contract, or otherwise; or (v) is or has been required to make a basis
reduction pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-20(b) or
Treasury Regulation Section 1.337(d)-2(b).   (e) None of the assets of the
Company or any Subsidiary: (i) is property that is required to be treated as
being owned by any other person pursuant to the provisions of former Section
168(f)(8) of the Code; (ii) is "tax-exempt use property" within the meaning
of Section 168(h) of the Code; or (iii) directly or indirectly secures any
debt the interest on which is tax exempt under Section 103(a) of the
Code.   (f) Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has undergone a change in
its method of accounting resulting in an adjustment to its taxable income
pursuant to Section 481 of the Code.   (g) There are no liens on any of the
assets of the Company or the Subsidiaries which arose in connection with any
failure or asserted failure to pay any Taxes, other than liens for current
Taxes not yet due and payable.   2.10 Assets. Each of the Company and the
Subsidiaries owns or leases all tangible assets necessary for the conduct of
its businesses as presently conducted and as presently proposed to be
conducted. Such tangible assets, taken as a whole, are free from material
defects, have been maintained in accordance with normal industry practice,
are in good operating condition and repair (subject to normal wear and tear)
and are suitable for the purposes for which they presently are used. No asset
of the Company or any Subsidiary (tangible or intangible) is subject to any
Security Interest, except as reflected in the Financial Statements and except
for liens for current taxes not yet due and payable.   2.11 Owned Real
Property. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary owns any real property.  
2.12 Real Property Leases. Section 2.12 of the Disclosure Schedule lists all
real property leased or subleased to or by the Company or any Subsidiary
and lists the term of such lease and the rent payable thereunder. The Company
has delivered to Engage complete and accurate copies of the leases and
subleases (as amended to date) listed in Section 2.12 of the Disclosure
Schedule. With respect to each lease and sublease listed in Section 2.12 of
the Disclosure Schedule:   (a) assuming the due execution and delivery
thereof by each party thereto other than the Company, the lease or sublease
is in full force and effect, legal, valid, binding and enforceable against
the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may
be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium or similar laws affecting or
relating to creditors\' rights generally, and general principles of
equity;         14  15   (b) the lease or sublease will continue to
be in full force and effect, legal, valid, binding and enforceable against
the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may
be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium or similar laws affecting or
relating to creditors\' rights generally, and general principles of equity,
immediately following the Closing in accordance with the terms thereof as in
effect immediately prior to the Closing;   (c) neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any other party, is in
breach or violation of, or default under, any such lease or sublease, and no
event has occurred, is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, is
threatened, which, after the giving of notice, with lapse of time, or
otherwise, would constitute a breach or default by the Company or any
Subsidiary or, to the knowledge of the Company, any other party under such
lease or sublease where such breach interferes with the use or occupancy
of such property;   (d) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has
assigned, transferred, conveyed, mortgaged, deeded in trust or encumbered any
interest in the leasehold or subleasehold; and   (e) the Company is not
aware of any Security Interest, easement, covenant or other restriction
applicable to the real property subject to such lease, except for recorded
easements, covenants and other restrictions which do not materially interfere
with the use or occupancy of such property.   2.13 Intellectual
Property.   (a) Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries owns or has the
right to use all Intellectual Property (as defined below) necessary (i) to
use, market and distribute the products marketed, sold or licensed, and to
provide the services provided, by the Company to other parties (together, the
"Customer Deliverables") or (ii) to operate the Company\'s internal systems
that are material to the business or operations of the Company, including,
without limitation, computer hardware systems, software applications and
embedded systems (the "Internal Systems"; the Intellectual Property owned by
or licensed to the Company and incorporated in or underlying the Customer
Deliverables or the Internal Systems is referred to herein as the "Company
Intellectual Property"). Each item of Company Intellectual Property will be
owned or available for use by the Surviving Corporation immediately following
the Closing on substantially similar terms and conditions as it was
immediately prior to the Closing. The Company has taken all commercially
reasonable measures to protect the proprietary nature of each item of Company
Intellectual Property. To the knowledge of the Company, (a) no other person
or entity has any rights to any of the Company Intellectual Property owned by
the Company (except pursuant to agreements or licenses specified in Section
2.13(c) of the Disclosure Schedule), and (b) no other person or entity is
infringing, violating or misappropriating any of the Company Intellectual
Property. For purposes of this Agreement, "Intellectual Property" means all
(u) patents and patent applications, (v) copyrights and registrations
thereof, (w) computer software, data and documentation, (x) trade secrets and
confidential business information, whether patentable or unpatentable and
whether or not reduced to practice, know-how, manufacturing and production
processes and techniques, research and development information, copyrightable
works, financial, marketing       15  16  and business data, pricing
and cost information, business and marketing plans and customer and supplier
lists and information, (y) trademarks, service marks, trade names, domain
names and applications and registrations therefor, and (z) other proprietary
rights relating to any of the foregoing. Section 2.13(a) of the Disclosure
Schedule lists each patent, patent application, copyright registration or
application therefor, mask work registration or application therefor, and
trademark, service mark and domain name registration or application therefor
of the Company or any Subsidiary.   (b) To the knowledge of the Company,
none of the Customer Deliverables, or the marketing, distribution, provision
or use thereof, infringes or violates, or constitutes a misappropriation of,
any Intellectual Property rights of any person or entity. To the knowledge of
the Company, none of the Internal Systems, or the use thereof, infringes or
violates, or constitutes a misappropriation of, any Intellectual Property
rights of any person or entity. To the knowledge of the Company, Section
2.13(b) of the Disclosure Schedule lists any complaint, claim or notice, or
written threat thereof, received by the Company or any Subsidiary alleging
any such infringement, violation or misappropriation or potential
infringement, violation or misappropriation; and the Company has provided to
Engage complete and accurate copies of all written documentation in the
possession of the Company or any Subsidiary relating to any such
complaint, claim, notice or threat. The Company has provided to Engage
complete and accurate copies of all written documentation in the Company\'s
possession relating to claims or disputes known to the Company concerning any
Company Intellectual Property.   (c) Section 2.13(c) of the Disclosure
Schedule identifies each license or other agreement (or type of license or
other agreement) pursuant to which the Company or a Subsidiary has licensed,
distributed or otherwise granted any rights to any third party with respect
to, any Company Intellectual Property, other than nonexclusive end-user
licenses entered into in the Ordinary Course of Business pursuant to the
Company\'s standard forms of license agreement.   (d) Section 2.13(d) of the
Disclosure Schedule identifies each material item of Company Intellectual
Property that is owned by a party other than the Company or a Subsidiary, and
the license or agreement pursuant to which the Company or a Subsidiary uses
it (excluding off-the-shelf software programs licensed by the Company
pursuant to "shrink wrap" licenses).   (e) Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary has disclosed the source code for any of the software owned by the
Company or a Subsidiary (the "Software") or other confidential information
constituting, embodied in or pertaining to the Software to any person or
entity, except pursuant to the agreements listed in Section 2.13(e) of the
Disclosure Schedule, and the Company has taken all commercially reasonable
measures to prevent unauthorized disclosure of such source code.   (f) All
of the copyrightable materials (including Software) incorporated in or
bundled with the Customer Deliverables have been created by employees of
the Company or a Subsidiary within the scope of their employment by the
Company or a Subsidiary, by former employees of the Company or a Subsidiary
within the scope of their then-employment by the Company or a Subsidiary, or
by independent contractors of the Company or a Subsidiary who have
executed         16  17  agreements expressly assigning all right,
title and interest in such copyrightable materials to the Company or a
Subsidiary. No portion of such copyrightable materials was jointly developed
with any third party.   (g) The Customer Deliverables and the Internal
Systems owned by the Company are free from significant defects or programming
errors and conform in all material respects to the written documentation and
specifications therefor. To the knowledge of the Company, the Customer
Deliverables and the Internal Systems not owned by the Company are free from
significant defects or programming errors and conform in all material
respects to the written documentation and specifications therefor.   (h)
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is a party to any agreement
that grants to any third party any rights to any intellectual property of
an Affiliate of the Company (other than a Subsidiary).   2.14 Year 2000
Compliance.   (a) All of the Customer Deliverables currently being marketed,
distributed or licensed by the Company or a Subsidiary or which previously
were marketed, distributed or licensed by the Company or a Subsidiary, and
all Internal Systems, are Year 2000 Compliant.   (b) The Company has not
provided any guaranty or warranty for any service or product or the effect
that such service or product is Year 2000 Compliant or will not be adversely
affected by virtue of the arrival of Year 2000, other than standard
warranties provided by the Company in the Ordinary Course of
Business pursuant to the Company\'s standard forms of license agreement.  
(c) For purposes of this Agreement, "Year 2000 Compliant" means that
the applicable system or item:   (i) accurately receives, records, stores,
provides, recognizes and processes all date and time data from, during, into
and between the twentieth and twenty-first centuries, the years 1999 and 2000
and all leap years;   (ii) accurately performs all date-dependent
calculations and operations (including, without limitation, mathematical
operations, sorting, comparing and reporting) from, during, into and between
the twentieth and twenty-first centuries, the years 1999 and 2000 and all
leap years; and   (iii) will not malfunction, cease to function or provide
invalid or incorrect results as a result of (x) the change of years from 1999
to 2000, (y) date data, including date data which represents or references
different centuries, different dates during 1999 and 2000, or more than one
century or (z) the occurrence of any particular date; in each case without
human intervention, other than original data entry.        17  
18   2.15 Contracts.   (a) Section 2.15 of the Disclosure Schedule lists
the following agreements (written or oral) to which the Company or any
Subsidiary is a party as of the date of this Agreement:   (i) any agreement
(or group of related agreements) for the lease of personal property from or
to third parties providing for lease payments in excess of $75,000 per annum
or having a remaining term longer than twelve months;   (ii) any agreement
(or group of related agreements) for the purchase or sale of products or for
the furnishing or receipt of services (A) which calls for performance over a
period of more than one year, (B) which involves more than the sum of $5,000
per month, or (C) in which the Company or any Subsidiary has granted "most
favored nation" pricing provisions or exclusive marketing or distribution
rights relating to any products or territory or has agreed to purchase a
minimum quantity of goods or services or has agreed to purchase goods or
services exclusively from a certain party;   (iii) any agreement
establishing a partnership or joint venture;   (iv) any agreement (or group
of related agreements) under which it has created, incurred, assumed or
guaranteed (or may create, incur, assume or guarantee) indebtedness
(including capitalized lease obligations) involving more than $25,000 or
under which it has imposed (or may impose) a Security Interest on any of its
assets, tangible or intangible;   (v) any agreement containing a
noncompetition, nonsolicitation or similar covenant;   (vi) any employment
or consulting agreement and any agreement or arrangement relating to sales
commissions;   (vii) other than Company Options and offer letters, any
agreement involving any officer, director or shareholder of the Company or
any affiliate (an "Affiliate"), as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), thereof;   (viii)
any agreement under which the consequences of a default or termination would
reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect;   (ix)
any agreement which contains any provisions requiring the Company or any
Subsidiary to indemnify any other party thereto (excluding indemnities
contained in agreements for the purchase, sale or license of products entered
into in the Ordinary Course of Business); and   (x) any other agreement (or
group of related agreements) either involving more than $75,000 or not
entered into in the Ordinary Course of Business.         18  19  
(b) The Company has delivered to Engage a complete and accurate copy of each
agreement listed in Section 2.13 or Section 2.15 of the Disclosure Schedule.
With respect to each agreement so listed: (i) the agreement is in full force
and effect, legal, valid, binding and enforceable against the Company in
accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium or other similar laws affecting
or relating to creditors\' rights generally, and general principles of
equity; (ii) the agreement will continue to be legal, valid, binding and
enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms and in full
force and effect immediately following the Closing in accordance with the
terms thereof as in effect immediately prior to the Closing; and (iii)
neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the knowledge of the Company,
any other party, is in breach or violation of, or default under, any such
agreement, and no event has occurred, is pending or, to the knowledge of the
Company, is threatened, which, after the giving of notice, with lapse of
time, or otherwise, would constitute a breach or default by the Company or
any Subsidiary or, to the knowledge of the Company, any other party under
such contract where any such breach or default individually or in the
aggregate with any other such breach or default, has had or could reasonably
be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.   (c) The Company has
delivered to Engage a complete and accurate copy of each Employee Agreement,
Lock-Up Agreement and Shareholder Support Agreement (each as defined herein)
executed as of the date of this Agreement, and a list of such executed
agreements is set forth on Section 2.15(c) of the Disclosure Schedule. With
respect to each agreement so listed: (i) the agreement is in full force and
effect, legal, valid, binding and enforceable against the Company and the
other party thereto in accordance with its terms, except as such
enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium or other
similar laws affecting or relating to creditors\' rights generally, and
general principles of equity, including, the application of such principles
to limitations on noncompetition restrictions; (ii) the agreement will
continue to be legal, valid, binding and enforceable against the Company and
the other party thereto in accordance with its terms and in full force and
effect immediately following the Closing in accordance with the terms thereof
as in effect immediately prior to the Closing; and (iii) neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any other party, is
in breach or violation of, or default under, any such agreement, and no event
has occurred, is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, is threatened,
which, after the giving of notice, with lapse of time, or otherwise, would
constitute a breach or default by the Company or any Subsidiary or, to
the knowledge of the Company, any other party under such contract.   2.16
Accounts Receivable. All accounts receivable of the Company and
the Subsidiaries reflected on the Most Recent Balance Sheet are valid
receivables subject to no known set-offs or counterclaims and are, in the
best judgment of the Company, current and collectible, net of the applicable
reserve for bad debts on the Most Recent Balance Sheet.   2.17 Powers of
Attorney. There are no outstanding powers of attorney executed on behalf of
the Company or any Subsidiary.   2.18 Insurance. Section 2.18 of the
Disclosure Schedule lists each insurance policy (including fire, theft,
casualty, general liability, workers compensation, business
interruption,        19  20  environmental, product liability and
automobile insurance policies and bond and surety arrangements) to which the
Company or any Subsidiary is a party. Such insurance policies are of the type
and in amounts customarily carried by organizations conducting businesses or
owning assets similar to those of the Company and the Subsidiaries. There is
no material claim pending under any such policy as to which coverage has been
questioned, denied or disputed by the underwriter of such policy. All
premiums due and payable under all such policies have been paid, neither the
Company nor any Subsidiary may be liable for retroactive premiums or similar
payments, and the Company and the Subsidiaries are otherwise in compliance in
all material respects with the terms of such policies. Each such policy will
continue to be enforceable against the Company and in full force and effect
immediately following the Closing in accordance with the terms thereof as in
effect immediately prior to the Closing.   2.19 Litigation. There is no
action, suit, proceeding, claim, arbitration or investigation before any
Governmental Entity or before any arbitrator (a "Legal Proceeding") which is
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, has been threatened against the
Company or any Subsidiary which (a) seeks either damages in excess of $10,000
or equitable relief, (b) has been brought by any current or former employee
of the Company or any Subsidiary, (c) in any manner challenges or seeks to
prevent, enjoin, alter or delay the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, or (d) if determined adversely to the Company\'s interests, could
reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.   2.20
Employees.   (a) Section 2.20 of the Disclosure Schedule contains a list of
all employees of the Company and each Subsidiary, along with the position and
the annual rate of compensation of each such person paid more than $50,000
per annum. Each such employee has entered into an Employee Confidential
Information and Inventions Agreement with the Company or a Subsidiary, a form
of which has previously been delivered to Engage. Section 2.20 of the
Disclosure Schedule contains a list of all employees of the Company or any
Subsidiary who are a party to a noncompetition agreement with the Company or
any Subsidiary; forms of such agreements have previously been delivered to
Engage. To the knowledge of the Company, no key employee or group of
employees has any plans to terminate employment with the Company or any
Subsidiary. No employee of the Company is a party to an Employee Confidential
Information and Inventions Agreement or noncompetition agreement with the
Company which deviates from the form agreements described above.   (b)
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has committed any unfair
labor practice or is a party to or bound by any collective bargaining
agreement, nor has any of them experienced any strikes, grievances, claims of
unfair labor practices or other collective bargaining disputes. The Company
has no knowledge of any organizational effort made or threatened, either
currently or within the past two years, by or on behalf of any labor union
with respect to employees of the Company or any Subsidiary.         
20  21   2.21 Employee Benefits.   (a) For purposes of this Agreement,
the following terms shall have the following meanings:   (i) "Employee
Benefit Plan" means any "employee pension benefit plan" (as defined in
Section 3(2) of ERISA), any "employee welfare benefit plan" (as defined in
Section 3(1) of ERISA), and any other written or oral plan, agreement or
arrangement involving direct or indirect compensation, including
without limitation insurance coverage, severance benefits, disability
benefits, deferred compensation, bonuses, stock options, stock purchase,
phantom stock, stock appreciation or other forms of incentive compensation or
postretirement compensation.   (ii) "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.   (iii) "ERISA Affiliate" means
any entity which is, or at any applicable time was, a member of (1) a
controlled group of corporations (as defined in Section 414(b) of the Code),
(2) a group of trades or businesses under common control (as defined in
Section 414(c) of the Code), or (3) an affiliated service group (as defined
under Section 414(m) of the Code or the regulations under Section 414(o) of
the Code), any of which includes or included the Company or a Subsidiary.  
(b) Section 2.21(b) of the Disclosure Schedule contains a complete
and accurate list of all Employee Benefit Plans currently maintained, or
contributed to, by the Company, any Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate.
Complete and accurate copies of (i) all Employee Benefit Plans which have
been reduced to writing, (ii) all related trust agreements, insurance
contracts and summary plan descriptions, and (iii) all annual reports filed
on IRS Form 5500, 5500C or 5500R and (for all funded plans) all plan
financial statements for the last five plan years for each Employee Benefit
Plan, have been delivered to Engage. Each Employee Benefit Plan has been
administered in all material respects in accordance with its terms and each
of the Company, the Subsidiaries and the ERISA Affiliates has in all material
respects met its obligations with respect to such Employee Benefit Plan and
has made all required contributions thereto. The Company, each Subsidiary,
each ERISA Affiliate and each Employee Benefit Plan are in compliance in all
material respects with the currently applicable provisions of ERISA and the
Code and the regulations thereunder (including without limitation Section
4980B of the Code, Subtitle K, Chapter 100 of the Code and Sections 601 et
seq. and Section 701 et seq. of ERISA). Without limiting the scope of the
immediately preceding sentence, each Employee Benefit Plan that is or was
intended to qualify for tax-advantaged status, including without limitation
all Employee Benefit Plans intended to qualify under Sections 125, 129,
401(a) or 501(a) of the Code, are and at all times have been so qualified.
All filings and reports as to each Employee Benefit Plan required to have
been submitted to the Internal Revenue Service or to the United
States Department of Labor have been duly submitted. Other than as disclosed
in Section 2.21(b) of the Disclosure Schedule, the Company does not maintain
any unwritten Employee Benefit Plan which would result in an annual cost of
more than $10,000.        21  22   (c) There are no Legal
Proceedings (except claims for benefits payable in the normal operation of
the Employee Benefit Plans and proceedings with respect to qualified domestic
relations orders) against or involving any Employee Benefit Plan or asserting
any rights or claims to benefits under any Employee Benefit Plan that could
give rise to a liability of $10,000 or greater to said Employee Benefit Plan
or the Company.   (d) All Employee Benefit Plans are in compliance in all
material respects with all applicable laws including, without limitation,
ERISA and the Code as well as all applicable regulations, rulings and orders.
Without limiting the foregoing, all the Employee Benefit Plans that are
intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code have either
received determination letters from the Internal Revenue Service to the
effect that such Employee Benefit Plans are qualified and the plans and the
trusts related thereto are exempt from federal income taxes under Sections
401(a) and 501(a), respectively, of the Code, or applications for
determination letters have been submitted within the time period prescribed
by the Internal Revenue Service or determination letters have not been
submitted for these Employee Benefit Plans as to which the Internal Revenue
Service remedial amendment period has not expired. No such
determination letter has been revoked and revocation has not been threatened,
and no such Employee Benefit Plan has been amended or operated since the date
of its most recent determination letter or application therefor in any
respect, and no act or omission has occurred, that would reasonably be
expected to adversely affect its qualification or materially increase its
cost. Each Employee Benefit Plan which is required to satisfy Section
401(k)(3) or Section 401(m)(2) of the Code has been tested for compliance
with, and satisfies the requirements of, Section 401(k)(3) and Section
401(m)(2) of the Code for each plan year ending prior to the Merger Closing
Date.   (e) Neither the Company, any Subsidiary, nor any ERISA Affiliate has
ever maintained an Employee Benefit Plan subject to Section 412 of the Code
or Title IV of ERISA.   (f) At no time has the Company, any Subsidiary or
any ERISA Affiliate contributed to or been obligated to contribute to any
"multiemployer plan" (as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA).   (g)
There are no unfunded obligations under any Employee Benefit Plan providing
benefits after termination of employment to any employee of the Company or
any Subsidiary (or to any beneficiary of any such employee), including but
not limited to retiree health coverage and deferred compensation, but
excluding continuation of health coverage required to be provided
under Section 4980B of the Code or other applicable law. The assets of each
Employee Benefit Plan which is funded are reported at their fair market value
on the books and records of such Employee Benefit Plan. The costs related to
or arising out of each Employee Benefit Plan which is unfunded are reported
on the Company\'s Most Recent Balance Sheet to the extent required by GAAP.
There are no material liabilities associated with any Employee Benefit Plan
except as reported on the Company\'s Most Recent Balance Sheet or on the
books and records of such Employee Benefit Plan.   (h) No act or omission
has occurred and no condition exists with respect to any Employee Benefit
Plan maintained by the Company, any Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate
that        22  23  would subject the Company, any Subsidiary or any
ERISA Affiliate to (i) any material fine, penalty, tax or liability of any
kind imposed under ERISA (other than liabilities or benefits accrued under an
Employee Benefit Plan) or the Code or (ii) any contractual indemnification or
contribution obligation protecting any fiduciary, insurer or service provider
with respect to any Employee Benefit Plan.   (i) No Employee Benefit Plan
is funded by, associated with or related to a "voluntary employees\'
beneficiary association" within the meaning of Section 501(c)(9) of the
Code.   (j) Each Employee Benefit Plan is amendable and terminable
unilaterally by the Company at any time without liability to the Company as a
result thereof and no Employee Benefit Plan, plan documentation or agreement,
summary plan description or other written communication distributed generally
to employees by its terms prohibits or restricts the Company from amending or
terminating any such Employee Benefit Plan. The assets of each Employee
Benefit Plan that is funded may be converted to cash at any time without
material reduction, adjustment or other cost.   (k) Section 2.21(k) of the
Disclosure Schedule lists each: (i) agreement with any shareholder, director,
executive officer, other key employee, consultant or independent contractor
of the Company or any Subsidiary including, without limitation, such
agreements (A) the benefits of which are contingent, or the terms of which
are materially altered, upon the occurrence of a transaction involving the
Company or any Subsidiary of the nature of any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (B) providing any term of
employment or compensation guarantee or (C) providing severance benefits or
other benefits after the termination of employment of such director,
executive officer or key employee; (ii) agreement, plan or arrangement under
which any person may receive payments from the Company or any Subsidiary that
may be subject to the tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code or included in
the determination of such person\'s "parachute payment" under Section 280G of
the Code; and (iii) agreement or plan binding the Company or any Subsidiary,
including, without limitation, any stock option plan, stock appreciation
right plan, restricted stock plan, stock purchase plan, severance benefit
plan or Employee Benefit Plan, any of the benefits of which will be
increased, or the vesting of the benefits of which will be accelerated, by
the occurrence of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or
the value of any of the benefits of which will be calculated on the basis of
any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   2.22
Environmental Matters.   (a) Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries has
complied with all applicable Environmental Laws (as defined below). There is
no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened civil or criminal
litigation, written notice of violation, formal administrative proceeding, or
investigation, inquiry or information request by any Governmental Entity,
relating to any Environmental Law involving the Company or any Subsidiary.
For purposes of this Agreement, "Environmental Law" means any federal, state
or local law, statute, rule or regulation or the common law relating to the
environment or occupational health and safety, including without limitation
any statute, regulation, administrative decision or order pertaining to (i)
treatment, storage, disposal, generation and transportation of industrial,
toxic or         23  24  hazardous materials or substances or solid
or hazardous waste; (ii) air, water and noise pollution; (iii) groundwater
and soil contamination; (iv) the release or threatened release into the
environment of industrial, toxic or hazardous materials or substances, or
solid or hazardous waste, including without limitation emissions, discharges,
injections, spills, escapes or dumping of pollutants, contaminants or
chemicals; (v) the protection of wild life, marine life and wetlands,
including without limitation all endangered and threatened species; (vi)
storage tanks, vessels, containers, abandoned or discarded barrels, and other
closed receptacles; (vii) health and safety of employees and other persons;
and (viii) manufacturing, processing, using, distributing, treating, storing,
disposing, transporting or handling of materials regulated under any law as
pollutants, contaminants, toxic or hazardous materials or substances or oil
or petroleum products or solid or hazardous waste. As used above, the terms
"release" and "environment" shall have the meaning set forth in the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980,
as amended ("CERCLA").   (b) The Company is not aware of any releases of any
Materials of Environmental Concern (as defined below) into the environment at
any parcel of real property or any facility formerly or currently owned,
operated or controlled by the Company or a Subsidiary. With respect to any
such releases of Materials of Environmental Concern, the Company or such
Subsidiary has given all required notices to Governmental Entities (copies of
which have been provided to Engage). The Company is not aware of any releases
of Materials of Environmental Concern at parcels of real property or
facilities other than those owned, operated or controlled by the Company or a
Subsidiary that could reasonably be expected to have an impact on the real
property or facilities owned, operated or controlled by the Company or a
Subsidiary. For purposes of this Agreement, "Materials of Environmental
Concern" means any chemicals, pollutants or contaminants, hazardous
substances (as such term is defined under CERCLA), solid wastes and hazardous
wastes (as such terms are defined under the Resource Conservation and
Recovery Act), toxic materials, oil or petroleum and petroleum products or
any other material subject to regulation under any Environmental Law.   (c)
Set forth in Section 2.22(c) of the Disclosure Schedule is a list of all
documents (whether in hard copy or electronic form) that contain
any environmental reports, investigations and audits relating to premises
currently or previously owned or operated by the Company or a Subsidiary
(whether conducted by or on behalf of the Company or a Subsidiary or a third
party, and whether done at the initiative of the Company or a Subsidiary or
directed by a Governmental Entity or other third party) which the Company has
possession of or access to. A complete and accurate copy of each such
document has been provided to Engage.   2.23 Legal Compliance. Each of the
Company and the Subsidiaries, and the conduct and operations of their
respective businesses, are in compliance with each applicable law (including
rules and regulations thereunder) of any federal, state, local or foreign
government, or any Governmental Entity, except where such failure has not had
or could not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect. Without limiting the scope of the immediately preceding sentence,
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (a) has made
any contributions, payments or gifts of its property to or for the private
use of any governmental official, employee or agent where either the payment
or the purpose of such contribution, payments or gift is illegal under the
laws of the United States, any state thereof or any other        24 
25  jurisdiction (foreign or domestic); (b) has established or maintained
any unrecorded fund or asset for any purpose, or has made any false or
artificial entries on its books or records for any reason; (c) has made any
payments to any Person with the intention or understanding that any part of
such payment was to be used for any other purpose other than that described
in the documents supporting the payment; or (d) has made any contribution, or
has reimbursed any political gift or contribution made by any other Person,
to candidates for public office, whether Federal, state or local, where such
contribution would be in violation of applicable law.   2.24 Customers and
Suppliers. Section 2.24 of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of (a)
the largest twenty (20) customers of the Company during the last full fiscal
year or the interim period through the Most Recent Balance Sheet Date and the
amount of revenues accounted for by each such customer during each such
period and (b) each supplier that is the sole supplier of any significant
product to the Company or a Subsidiary. To the knowledge of the Company, no
such customer or supplier has indicated within the past year that it will
stop, or decrease the rate of, buying products or supplying products,
as applicable, to the Company or any Subsidiary.   2.25 Permits. Section
2.25 of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of all permits, licenses,
registrations, certificates, orders or approvals from any Governmental Entity
(including without limitation those issued or required under Environmental
Laws and those relating to the occupancy or use of owned or leased real
property) ("Permits") issued to or held by the Company or any
Subsidiary. Such listed Permits are the only Permits that are required for
the Company and the Subsidiaries to conduct their respective businesses as
presently conducted or as proposed to be conducted. Each such Permit is in
full force and effect and, to the knowledge of the Company, no suspension or
cancellation of such Permit is threatened and there is no basis for believing
that such Permit will not be renewable upon expiration where such suspension
or cancellation has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect. Each such Permit will continue in full force and
effect immediately following the Closing.   2.26 Certain Business
Relationships With Affiliates. Except as disclosed on Schedule 2.15, no
Affiliate of the Company or of any Subsidiary (a) owns any property or right,
tangible or intangible, which is used in the business of the Company or any
Subsidiary, (b) has any claim or cause of action against the Company or any
Subsidiary, or (c) owes any money to, or is owed any money by, the Company or
any Subsidiary.   2.27 Brokers\' Fees. Except as disclosed on Section 2.27
of the Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any
liability or obligation to pay any fee or commission to any broker, finder,
agent or similar party with respect to any of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement. The Company has delivered to Engage a true and correct
copy of the letter obtained from that certain Company employee listed in
Section 2.27 of the Disclosure Schedule confirming that such employee is not
entitled to any fee or commission from the Company, Engage or any of their
Affiliates with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.         25  26   2.28 Books and Records. The minute
books and other similar records of the Company and each Subsidiary contain
complete and accurate records in all material respects of all actions taken
at any meetings of the Company\'s or such Subsidiary\'s shareholders, Board
of Directors or any committee thereof and of all written consents executed in
lieu of the holding of any such meeting. The books and records of the Company
and each Subsidiary accurately reflect in all material respects the assets,
liabilities, business, financial condition and results of operations of the
Company or such Subsidiary.   2.29 Information Statement and Proxy. The
information concerning the Company supplied by the Company for inclusion in
the Information Statement to be reviewed by the California Department of
Corporations in connection with proceedings under Sections 25121 and 25142 of
the California Corporations Code in reliance on Section 3(a)(10) of the
Securities Act and sent to the Company Shareholders (the "Information
Statement") or the prospectus prepared as part of the Form S-4 and sent to
the Company Shareholders shall not, on the date that the Information
Statement or prospectus is first mailed to the Company Shareholders, at the
time of the Company\'s shareholders\' meeting to consider this Agreement and
the Merger (the "Company Shareholders Meeting") and at the Effective Time,
contain any statement which, at such time and in light of the circumstances
under which it shall be made, is false or misleading with respect to any
material fact, or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make
the statements included therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading, or omit to state any material fact
necessary to correct any statement in any earlier communication with respect
to the solicitation of proxies for the Company Shareholders Meeting which has
become false or misleading. If at any time prior to the Effective Time any
event relating to the Company or any of its affiliates, officers or directors
should be discovered by the Company which should be set forth in an amendment
to the Information Statement or a supplement to the prospectus, the Company
shall promptly inform Engage which shall file and distribute such amendment
or supplement.   2.30 Disclosure. No statement contained in the Disclosure
Schedule or any other document, certificate or other instrument delivered or
to be delivered by or on behalf of the Company pursuant to this Agreement,
when taken together with all the written documents, certificates and other
instruments furnished or to be furnished by or on behalf of the Company
pursuant to this Agreement, contains or shall contain any untrue statement of
a material fact or omits or shall omit to state any material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make such statements, in light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company has
delivered or made available to Engage or their representatives true and
complete copies of all documents which are referred to in this Article II or
in the Disclosure Schedule.    ARTICLE III  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
OF  ENGAGE AND TRANSITORY SUBSIDIARY   Engage and Transitory Subsidiary
represent and warrant to the Company that the statements contained in this
Article III are true and correct, except as set forth in the
disclosure        26  27  schedule provided by Engage to the Company
on the date hereof (the "Engage Disclosure Schedule"). The representations
and warranties which follow are deemed to be repeated on the Closing Date.
The Engage Disclosure Schedule shall be arranged in paragraphs corresponding
to the numbered and lettered Sections contained in this Article III, and the
disclosures in any paragraph of the Engage Disclosure Schedule shall not
qualify any other Section in this Article III. For purposes of this Article
III, the phrase "to the knowledge of Engage" or any phrase of similar import
shall be deemed to refer to the actual knowledge of those executive officers
of Engage listed on EXHIBIT 3.0, as well as any other knowledge which such
executive officers would have possessed had they made reasonable inquiry of
appropriate employees and agents of the Company with respect to the matter in
question.   3.1 Organization, Qualification and Corporate Power. Engage is,
and Transitory Subsidiary will be as of the time it executes and delivers
this Agreement, a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the state of its incorporation. Engage is duly
qualified to conduct business and is in corporate and tax good standing under
the laws of each jurisdiction in which the nature of its businesses or the
ownership or leasing of its properties requires such qualification, except
where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not have an
Engage Material Adverse Effect (as defined below). Engage has all requisite
corporate power and authority to carry on the businesses in which it is
engaged and to own and use the properties owned and used by it. Engage has
furnished or made available to the Company complete and accurate copies of
its Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws. Engage and Transitory
Subsidiary are not in violation of any of the provisions of their respective
articles or certificates of incorporation, By-laws or other charter
documents. For purposes of this Agreement, "Engage Material Adverse Effect"
means a material adverse effect on or a material adverse change in, or group
of such effects on or changes in, the assets (including intangible
properties), business, condition (financial or otherwise), results of
operations or regulatory status of Engage and its subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, (other than changes that are the effect of economic factors affecting
the economy as a whole or changes that are the effect of factors generally
affecting the specific markets in which Engage competes); provided, however,
that an Engage Material Adverse Effect shall not include any adverse effect
(other than a breach, default or acceleration under any Contract to
which Engage is a party otherwise having a material adverse effect)
attributable to the Merger or the announcement thereof or the transactions
contemplated thereby.   3.2 Capitalization. Transitory Subsidiary is
authorized to issue 3,000 shares of Transitory Subsidiary Common Stock, of
which 1,000 shares were issued and outstanding as of the date of this
Agreement. Engage is authorized to issue 350,000,000 shares of Engage Common
Stock, of which 173,272,589 shares were issued and outstanding as of May 31,
2000, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $.01 par value per share, none
of which are issued and outstanding. All of the issued and outstanding shares
of Engage Common Stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid,
nonassessable and free of all preemptive rights. All shares of Transitory
Subsidiary that are owned by Engage are free and clear of all security
interests, liens, claims, pledges, agreements, limitations on Engage\'s
voting rights, charges or other encumbrances of any nature. All of the Merger
Shares will be, when issued in accordance with this Agreement,
duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and will not
be subject to any preemptive rights or rights of first refusal created by
statute, the charter documents        27  28  of Engage or any
agreement to which Engage is a party. As of the date of this Agreement,
except for benefit plans maintained by Engage, or as previously publicly
disclosed in the Engage Reports, a press release or otherwise, there are
outstanding no rights, warrants or options to purchase Engage Common
Stock, respectively.   3.3 Authorization of Transaction. Each of Engage and
Transitory Subsidiary has all requisite power and authority to execute and
deliver this Agreement and (in the case of Engage) the Escrow Agreement and
to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and
delivery by Engage and Transitory Subsidiary of this Agreement and (in the
case of Engage) the Escrow Agreement and the consummation by Engage and
Transitory Subsidiary of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action on
the part of Engage and Transitory Subsidiary, respectively. This Agreement
has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Engage and Transitory
Subsidiary and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of Engage and
Transitory Subsidiary, enforceable against them in accordance with its
terms.   3.4 Noncontravention. Subject to compliance with the
applicable requirements of the Securities Act and any applicable state
securities laws including, if so desired by Engage, approval and a hearing
under Sections 25121 and 25142 of the California Corporations Code, the
Exchange Act, the HSR Act and the filing of the Certificate of Merger as
required by the DGCL, neither the execution and delivery by Engage or
Transitory Subsidiary of this Agreement or (in the case of Engage) the Escrow
Agreement, nor the consummation by Engage or Transitory Subsidiary of the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, will (a) conflict with or
violate any provision of the charter or By-laws of Engage or Transitory
Subsidiary, (b) require on the part of Engage or Transitory Subsidiary any
filing with, or permit, authorization, consent or approval of, any
Governmental Entity or other party, (c) conflict with, result in breach
of, constitute (with or without due notice or lapse of time or both) a
default under, result in the acceleration of obligations under, create in any
party any right to terminate, modify or cancel, or require any notice,
consent or waiver under, any contract or instrument to which Engage or
Transitory Subsidiary is a party or by which either is bound or to which any
of their assets are subject, except for (i) any conflict, breach, default,
acceleration, termination, modification or cancellation which would not
adversely affect the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or
(ii) any notice, consent or waiver the absence of which would not adversely
affect the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, or (d)
violate any order, writ, injunction, decree, statute, rule or regulation
applicable to Engage or Transitory Subsidiary or any of their properties or
assets, except for any violation which would not adversely affect the
consummation of the transactions contemplated herein.   3.5 Reports and
Financial Statements. Engage has previously furnished or made available to
the Company complete and accurate copies, as amended or supplemented, of: (a)
Engage\'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 1999,
as filed with the SEC; and (b) all other reports filed by Engage under
Section 13 or subsections (a) or (c) of Section 14 of the Exchange Act with
the SEC since July 31, 1999; (the reports listed in subsections (a) and (b)
are collectively referred to herein as the "Engage Reports"). The
Engage Reports constitute all of the documents required to be filed by Engage
under Section 13 or subsections (a) or (c) of Section 14 of the Exchange Act
with the SEC from July 31, 1999        28  29  through the date of
this Agreement. The Engage Reports complied in all material respects with the
requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder
when filed. As of their respective dates, the Engage Reports did not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. The audited financial statements and unaudited interim financial
statements included in the Engage Reports (i) complied as to form in all
material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published
rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto when filed, (ii) were
prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the
periods covered thereby (except as may be indicated therein or in the notes
thereto, and in the case of quarterly financial statements, as permitted by
Form 10-Q under the Exchange Act), (iii) fairly present the consolidated
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of Engage as of the
respective dates thereof and for the periods referred to therein, and (iv)
are consistent with the books and records of Engage.   3.6 Absence of
Material Adverse Change. Since April 30, 2000, there has occurred no event or
development which has had, or could reasonably be expected to have in the
future, an Engage Material Adverse Effect and Engage has not agreed to take
any action outside the ordinary course of business or that would (if the
action were taken immediately) constitute a breach of any of
its representations and warranties contained herein.   3.7 Litigation.
Except as disclosed in the Engage Reports, as of the date of this Agreement,
there is no Legal Proceeding which is pending or, to Engage\'s knowledge,
threatened against Engage or any subsidiary of Engage which, if determined
adversely to Engage\'s interests, could reasonably be expected to have an
Engage Material Adverse Effect, or which in any manner challenges or seeks
to prevent, enjoin, alter or delay the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   3.8 Interim Operations of Transitory Subsidiary. Transitory
Subsidiary was formed solely for the purpose of engaging in the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and has engaged in no business activities
other than as contemplated by this Agreement.   3.9 Brokers\' Fees. Neither
Engage nor Transitory Subsidiary has any liability or obligation to pay any
fees or commissions to any broker, finder or agent with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   3.10 Information Statement or
Form S-4. The Information Statement to be reviewed by the California
Department of Corporations in reliance on Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities
Act and sent to the Company Shareholders or the prospectus prepared as part
of the Form S-4 and sent to the Company Shareholders shall not, at the time
that the Information Statement (including any amendments or supplements
thereto) is approved by the California Department of Corporations in
connection with proceedings under Sections 25121 and 25142 of the
California Corporations Code, or the Form S-4 (including any amendments or
supplements thereto) is declared effective by the SEC, contain any untrue
statement of material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in
order to make the statements included therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. The information concerning
Engage        29  30  and Transitory Subsidiary supplied by each
such Party for inclusion in the Information Statement or prospectus shall
not, on the date that the Information Statement or prospectus is first mailed
to the Company Shareholders, at the time of the Company Shareholders Meeting
and at the Effective Time, contain any statement which, at such time and in
light of the circumstances under which it shall be made, is false or
misleading with respect to any material fact, or omit to state any material
fact necessary in order to make the statements included therein, in light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or omit to
state any material fact necessary to correct any statement in any earlier
communication with respect to the solicitation of proxies for the Company
Shareholders Meeting which has become false or misleading. If at any time
prior to the Effective Time any event relating to Engage or Transitory
Subsidiary or any of their respective affiliates, officers or directors
should be discovered by Engage or Transitory Subsidiary which should be set
forth in an amendment to the Information Statement or a supplement to the
prospectus, Engage shall promptly inform the Company and file and distribute
such amendment or supplement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Engage makes no
representation or warranty with respect to any information concerning the
Company contained in any of the foregoing documents which is supplied by
the Company.   3.11 Intellectual Property. Engage owns or has the right to
use all Intellectual Property necessary (i) to use, market and distribute the
products marketed, sold or licensed, and to provide the services provided, by
Engage to other parties (together, the "Engage Customer Deliverables") or
(ii) to operate Engage\'s internal systems that are material to the business
or operations of Engage, including, without limitation, computer hardware
systems, software applications and embedded systems (the "Engage Internal
Systems"; the Intellectual Property owned by or licensed to Engage and
incorporated in or underlying the Engage Customer Deliverables or the Engage
Internal Systems is referred to herein as the "Engage Intellectual
Property"). Engage has taken all commercially reasonable measures to protect
the proprietary nature of each item of Engage Intellectual Property.  
ARTICLE IV  COVENANTS   4.1 Closing Efforts. Each of the Parties shall use
its best efforts, to the extent commercially reasonable ("Reasonable Best
Efforts"), to take all actions and to do all things necessary, proper or
advisable to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
including, without limitation, using its Reasonable Best Efforts to ensure
that (i) its representations and warranties remain true and correct in all
material respects through the Closing Date and (ii) the conditions to the
obligations of the other Parties to consummate the Merger are satisfied.  
4.2 Governmental and Third Party Notices and Consents.   (a) Each Party
shall use its Reasonable Best Efforts to obtain, at its own expense, all
waivers, permits, consents, approvals or other authorizations
from Governmental Entities, and to effect all registrations, filings and
notices with or to Governmental Entities, as may be required for such Party
to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and to
otherwise comply with all applicable laws and regulations in connection with
the consummation of the         30  31  transactions contemplated
by this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each of
the Parties shall promptly file any Notification and Report Forms and related
material that it may be required to file with the Federal Trade Commission
and the Antitrust Division of the United States Department of Justice under
the HSR Act, shall use its best efforts to obtain an early termination of the
applicable waiting period, and shall make any further filings or information
submissions pursuant thereto that may be necessary, proper or advisable;
provided, however, that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Agreement, Engage shall not be obligated (A) to respond to formal requests
for additional information or documentary material pursuant to 16 C.F.R.
803.20 under the HSR Act except to the extent it elects to do so in their
sole discretion or (B) to sell or dispose of or hold separately (through
a trust or otherwise) any assets or businesses of Engage or its Affiliates.
Filing fees relating to any required filings under the HSR Act shall be paid
in equal parts by Engage and the Company.   (b) The Company shall use its
Reasonable Best Efforts to obtain, at its expense, all such waivers, consents
or approvals from third parties, and to give all such notices to third
parties, as are required to be listed in Section 2.4 of the Disclosure
Schedule.   4.3 Shareholder Approval.   (a) The Company shall use its best
efforts to obtain, as promptly as practicable, the Requisite Shareholder
Approval, either at a special meeting of shareholders or pursuant to a
written shareholder consent, all in accordance with the applicable
requirements of the DGCL. In connection with such special meeting of
shareholders or written shareholder consent, the Company shall provide to its
shareholders a written proxy or information statement (the "Disclosure
Statement") which includes (A) a summary of the Merger and this Agreement
(which summary shall include a summary of the terms relating to
the indemnification obligations of the Company Shareholders, the escrow
arrangements and the authority of the Shareholder Representative, and a
statement that the adoption of this Agreement by the shareholders of the
Company shall constitute approval of such terms), (B) all of the information
required by Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act, if applicable, and (C) a
statement that appraisal rights are available for the Company Shares pursuant
to the DGCL and a copy of Section 262 of the DGCL. Engage agrees to cooperate
with the Company in the preparation of the Disclosure Statement. The Company
agrees not to distribute the Disclosure Statement until Engage has had a
reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the Disclosure Statement and
the Disclosure Statement has been approved by Engage (which approval may not
be unreasonably withheld or delayed). If the Requisite Shareholder Approval
is obtained without the solicitation of all shareholders entitled to vote,
the Company shall send, pursuant to Section 228 of the DGCL, a written notice
to all shareholders of the Company at least ten days prior to the Effective
Time informing them that this Agreement and the Merger were adopted and
approved by the shareholders of the Company and that appraisal rights are
available for their Company Shares pursuant to Section 262 of the DGCL (which
notice shall include a copy of Section 262 of the DGCL), and shall promptly
inform Engage of the date on which such notice was sent.   (b) The Company,
acting through its Board of Directors, shall include in the Disclosure
Statement the unanimous recommendation of its Board of Directors that
the        31  32  shareholders of the Company vote in favor of the
adoption of this Agreement and the approval of the Merger.   (c) The
Company shall ensure that the Disclosure Statement does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (provided that the
Company shall not be responsible for the accuracy or completeness of any
information furnished by Engage or Transitory Subsidiary for inclusion in the
Disclosure Statement).   (d) Engage and Transitory Subsidiary shall ensure
that any information furnished by such party to the Company for inclusion in
the Disclosure Statement does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading.   4.4 Ancillary Agreements; Audit. To the extent not
obtained prior to the date hereof, the Company shall use its Reasonable Best
Efforts to obtain:   (i) from each Company Shareholder and each holder of
Company Options an executed lock-up agreement in the form attached hereto as
EXHIBIT 4.4(I) (the "Lock-Up Agreement"); provided, however, that the Company
shall not be required to seek to obtain an executed Lock-Up Agreement from
any holder of Company Common Stock who is not an employee and who does not
own more than 3,000 shares of Company Common Stock;   (ii) from each
employee of the Company executed copies of each Employee Agreement in the
form attached hereto as EXHIBIT 4.4(II) (the "Employee Agreement");   (iii)
the termination of the Security Agreement made December 21, 1998 by the
Company to Adobe Ventures II, L.P. and the Security Agreement made October
19, 1999 between the Company and Adobe Ventures III, L.P. (together,
the "Adobe Security Agreements");   (iv) the consent of the requisite
holders of Company Shares to terminate the Second Amended and Restated Rights
Agreement dated May 17, 2000 (the "Company Rights Agreement") by and among
the Company and certain of the Company Shareholders; and   (v) the approval
of the requisite disinterested holders of Company Shares to approve any
payment that absent such approval might be treated as an "excess parachute
payment" under Section 280G of the Code, which approval shall satisfy in all
material respects the criteria set forth in Proposed Treasury Regulation
Section 1.280G-1, Q and A -7(a)-(e); and   (vi) the audited financial
statements of the Company as of and for the fiscal year ended January 31,
2000, including the signed report of Arthur Andersen LLP with respect
thereto.        32  33   4.5 Operation of Business. Except as
contemplated by this Agreement, during the period from the date of this
Agreement to the Effective Time, the Company shall (and shall cause each
Subsidiary to) conduct its operations in the Ordinary Course of Business and
in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations and, to the extent
consistent therewith, use its Reasonable Best Efforts to preserve intact its
current business organization, keep its physical assets in good working
condition, keep available the services of its current officers and employees
and preserve its relationships with customers, suppliers and others having
business dealings with it to the end that its goodwill and ongoing business
shall not be impaired in any material respect; provided, however, that in any
event, the Company shall adhere to operating parameters that are mutually
acceptable to Engage and the Company. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall not (and shall
cause each Subsidiary not to), without the written consent of Engage:   (a)
issue or sell, or redeem or repurchase, any stock or other securities of the
Company or any rights, warrants or options to acquire any such stock or other
securities (except pursuant to the conversion or exercise of
convertible securities or Company Options or Warrants outstanding on the date
hereof), or amend any of the terms of (including, without limitation, the
vesting of) any such convertible securities or Company Options or Warrants,
except as expressly contemplated by this Agreement; provided, however, that
with Engage\'s consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or
conditioned, the Company may grant to newly hired employees options to
purchase Company Common Stock under the Company Option Plans, provided such
employees execute an Employee Agreement, and provided, further, that in
granting its consent, Engage may take into consideration the relative amount
of options an employee of similar rank or responsibility of Engage
customarily holds;   (b) split, combine or reclassify any shares of its
capital stock; declare, set aside or pay any dividend or other distribution
(whether in cash, stock or property or any combination thereof) in respect of
its capital stock;   (c) create, incur or assume any indebtedness (including
obligations in respect of capital leases) greater than $10,000 in any single
transaction or $100,000 in the aggregate, except as set forth on EXHIBIT
4.5(c); assume, guarantee, endorse or otherwise become liable or responsible
(whether directly, contingently or otherwise) for the obligations of any
other person or entity; or make any loans, advances or capital contributions
to, or investments in, any other person or entity;   (d) enter into, adopt
or amend any Employee Benefit Plan or any employment or severance agreement
or arrangement of the type described in Section 2.21(k); or increase in any
manner the compensation or fringe benefits of, or modify the employment terms
(including, without limitation, modifications of title) of, its directors,
officers or employees, generally or individually; or pay any bonus or other
benefit to its directors, officers or employees, other than
those arrangements to which the Company is obligated as of the date hereof;
or change any sales commission plans for current or future periods; or
terminate any group health plan that covers, as of the date of this
Agreement, current or former employees of the Company, any of its
Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate or their beneficiaries; or pay any
pension or retirement allowance to any Person not required by an existing
plan or agreement;         33  34   (e) acquire, sell, lease,
license or dispose of any assets or property (including, without limitation,
any shares or other equity interests in or securities of any Subsidiary or
any corporation, partnership, association or other business organization or
division thereof), other than purchases and sales of assets in the Ordinary
Course of Business;   (f) mortgage or pledge any of its property or assets
or subject any such property or assets to any Security Interest other than
pursuant to existing credit facilities or equipment leases in the Ordinary
Course of Business;   (g) discharge or satisfy any Security Interest or pay
any obligation or liability other than in the Ordinary Course of
Business;   (h) amend its charter, By-laws or other organizational
documents;   (i) change in any material respect its accounting methods,
principles or practices, except insofar as may be required by a generally
applicable change in GAAP;   (j) enter into, amend, terminate, take or omit
to take any action that would constitute a violation of or default under, or
waive any rights under, any material contract or agreement;   (k) make or
commit to make any capital expenditure in excess of $75,000 per item or
$250,000 in the aggregate, or such additional amounts which may be approved
by Engage, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed, other
than those purchase orders to which the Company is obligated to pay as of the
date hereof, except as described in EXHIBIT 4.5(C);   (l) make any amendment
in any material respect to the Company\'s operating budget for the year
ending January 31, 2001, a copy of which is attached hereto as EXHIBIT
4.5(L);   (m) institute or settle any Legal Proceeding;   (n) take any
action or fail to take any action permitted by this Agreement with the
knowledge that such action or failure to take action would result in (i) any
of the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in
this Agreement becoming untrue or (ii) any of the conditions to the Merger
set forth in Article V not being satisfied; or   (o) agree in writing or
otherwise to take any of the foregoing actions.  Further, prior to the
Closing, without the prior written consent of Engage or as otherwise
expressly provided herein, the Company will not, and will not permit any of
its Subsidiaries, to enter into any Contract or take any other action which,
if entered into or taken prior to the date of this Agreement, would cause any
representation or warranty of the Company to be untrue in any respect or
be required to be disclosed on the Disclosure Schedule; or take any action
that is intended or may reasonably be expected to result in any of the
conditions to the Merger as set forth in Article V not being satisfied or in
a violation of this Agreement; or take or omit to be        34 
35  taken any action which reasonably could be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect.   4.6 Access to Information.   (a) The Company
shall (and shall cause each Subsidiary to) permit representatives of Engage
to have full access (at all reasonable times, and in a manner so as not to
interfere with the normal business operations of the Company and the
Subsidiaries), at Engage\'s sole expense, to all premises,
properties, financial and accounting records, contracts, other records and
documents, and personnel, of or pertaining to the Company and each
Subsidiary.   (b) As soon as available but not later than thirty days after
the end of each month ending prior to the Closing Date, beginning with the
end of June, 2000, the Company shall furnish to Engage an unaudited income
statement for such month and a balance sheet as of the end of such month,
prepared on a basis consistent with the Financial Statements. Such financial
statements shall present fairly the financial condition and results of
operations of the Company and the Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as of
the dates thereof and for the periods covered thereby, and shall be
consistent with the books and records of the Company and the
Subsidiaries.   4.7 Exclusivity.   (a) The Company shall not, and the
Company shall require each of its officers, directors, employees,
representatives and agents not to, directly or indirectly, (i) initiate,
solicit, encourage or otherwise facilitate any inquiry, proposal, offer or
discussion with any party (other than Engage) concerning any merger,
reorganization, consolidation, recapitalization, business combination,
liquidation, dissolution, share exchange, sale of stock, sale of material
assets or similar business transaction involving the Company, any Subsidiary
or any division of the Company or any Subsidiary, (ii) furnish any nonpublic
information concerning the business, properties or assets of the Company, any
Subsidiary or any division of the Company to any party (other than Engage) or
(iii) engage in discussions or negotiations with any party (other than
Engage) concerning any such transaction.   (b) Promptly after the execution
and delivery of this Agreement the Company shall notify any party with which
discussions or negotiations of the nature described in paragraph (a) above
were pending that the Company is terminating such discussions or
negotiations. If the Company receives any inquiry, proposal or offer of the
nature described in paragraph (a) above, the Company shall, within one
business day after such receipt, notify Engage of such inquiry, proposal or
offer, including the identity of the other party and the terms of such
inquiry, proposal or offer.   4.8 Expenses. Except as set forth in Section
4.2, Article VI and the Escrow Agreement, each of the Parties shall bear its
own costs and expenses (including, without limitation, all legal, accounting
and broker fees and expenses) incurred in connection with this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, fees and
expenses associated with any consent or approval of any Governmental Entity
or other party that the Company is required to obtain pursuant to this
Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing,        35  36  the Company
shall be responsible for all out-of-pocket costs incurred in connection with
the preparation, filing (including the registration fee) and printing and
distribution of any Disclosure Statement or Form S-4. At the Effective Time,
the Company shall have reached a final settlement of and paid all fees and
expenses that the Company has incurred or is otherwise obligated to pay in
connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby, including without limitation the fees and expenses described on and
limited by EXHIBIT 4.8, all of which shall be deemed to by expenses for
purposes of Section 1.5(a)(ii) of this Agreement.   4.9 Qualification of
Merger Shares.   (a) Engage shall use its best efforts to file with the
California Department of Corporations an Application for Fairness Hearing and
Qualification by Permit to issue the Merger Shares pursuant to the exemption
from registration under the Securities Act contained in Section 3(a)(10)
thereof and pursuant to a permit issued under Section 25113 of the California
Corporate Securities Law of 1968 (the "Section 3(a)(10) Applications"). In
the event that Engage determines that it is unable to file the Section
3(a)(10) Applications, such party may prepare and file with the SEC a
Registration Statement on Form S-4 (or similar form) covering the Merger
Shares (the "Form S-4") to register the Merger Shares under the Securities
Act. The Company agrees to cooperate with Engage in the preparation of the
Section 3(a)(10) Applications and/or the Form S-4.   (b) Each Party shall,
promptly upon request, furnish each other Party with all information as may
be reasonably necessary or advisable in connection with the Disclosure
Statement or the Form S-4 or any other statement, filing, notice or
application made by or on behalf of Engage, the Company or any of
their respective subsidiaries to any Governmental Entity in connection with
the Disclosure Statement, the Form S-4 or any "Blue Sky" permits and
approvals.   (c) The Company shall cause the Disclosure Statement or the
proxy statement--prospectus that is a part of the Form S-4 to be mailed to
their respective stockholders as promptly as practicable after the approval
of the Section 3(a)(10) Applications or the Form S-4 is declared effective
under the Securities Act.   (d) The Company shall use its Reasonable Best
Efforts to cause to be delivered to Engage letters from its independent
auditors dated the date on which the Disclosure Statement or the Form S-4 or
last amendment thereto shall become effective, and dated the Closing Date,
and addressed to Engage and the Company, with respect to the Company\'s
consolidated financial position and the results of operations, which letters
shall be based on SAS 72 and certain agreed-upon procedures, which procedures
shall be consistent with applicable professional standards for letters
delivered by independent accountants in connection with comparable
transactions, and each in form and substance which is reasonably satisfactory
to Engage.   4.10 Listing of Merger Shares. Engage shall promptly file an
Additional Shares Notification form to list the Merger Shares on the Nasdaq
National Market.       36  37    4.11 Exercise of Warrants. The
Company shall use its Reasonable Best Efforts to cause all of the Warrants to
be validly exercised by the holders of the Warrants or canceled prior to the
Closing Date.   4.12 Treatment of the Merger for Income Tax Purposes; Tax
Matters.   (a) Each of the Parties expect and intend that the Merger will
qualify as a "reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a)(1)(A) of
the Code. Each of the Parties hereby covenants and agrees (i) to file all Tax
Returns in a manner consistent in all respects with such expectations and
intentions, and (ii) not to voluntarily undertake any action outside of the
Ordinary Course of Business which would cause the Merger not to be treated as
a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.   (b)
All tax sharing agreements or similar agreements with respect to or involving
the Company and the Subsidiaries shall be terminated as of the Closing Date
and, after the Closing Date, the Company and the Subsidiaries shall not
be bound thereby or have any liability thereunder.   (c) All transfer,
documentary, sales, use, stamp, registration and other such Taxes and fees
(including penalties and interest) incurred in connection with this
Agreement, shall be paid by the Company Shareholders when due, and
the Company Shareholders will, at their own expense, file all necessary Tax
Returns and other documentation with respect to all such transfer,
documentary, sales, use, stamp, registration and other Taxes and fees, and,
if required by applicable law, Engage will, and will cause its Affiliates to,
join in the execution of any such Tax Returns and other documents.   4.13
Termination of Acceleration Provisions; Amendment for Cause and Good Reason.
Except as provided on EXHIBIT 4.13(A), the Company shall use its Reasonable
Best Efforts to terminate any and all arrangements or agreements that would
give rise to the acceleration of any employee benefits under any
Company Employee Benefit Plan solely by virtue of this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby, it being acknowledged that the acceleration
provisions in the Company Option Plans, as modified in accordance with any
Employee Agreement, remain in full force and effect. Without limiting the
foregoing, the Company shall take such actions as are necessary to amend any
Employee Benefit Plan including the Company Option Plans, and the related
instruments issued thereunder, in a manner consistent with this Section 4.13.
The Company shall amend the Stock Option Plans to delete the definitions of
"Cause" and "Good Reason" as set forth therein and shall substitute in lieu
thereof the definitions for such terms as set forth on EXHIBIT 4.13(B).  
4.14 Notice of Developments. Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party
of (i) any change or event having a Company Material Adverse Effect or
an Engage Material Adverse Effect, as applicable, on it or its ability to
perform its obligations under this Agreement or which it believes would or
may be reasonably likely to cause or constitute a material breach of any of
its representations, warranties or covenants contained herein or to preclude
the satisfaction of one or more of the conditions set forth in Article V and
(ii) any matter which, if existing, occurring or known at the date of this
Agreement, would have been required to be set forth or described in
the        37  38  Disclosure Schedule or the Engage Disclosure
Schedule, as applicable, or which is necessary to correct any information in
Disclosure Schedule or the Engage Disclosure Schedule, as applicable, which
has been rendered inaccurate thereby; provided, however, that any such
disclosure shall not have any effect for the purpose of determining the
accuracy of any representation or warranty when made, for determining
satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Article V, or for determining the
compliance by the Company with any other provision of this Agreement.  
4.15 Certain Employee Agreements   Except as otherwise expressly provided in
and contemplated by this Agreement, Engage and the Surviving Corporation and
its subsidiaries shall honor in accordance with their terms all contracts,
agreements and commitments of the Company and its subsidiaries prior to the
date hereof which apply to any current or former employee or current or
former director of the Company and which are disclosed in the Disclosure
Schedule; provided, THAT, the foregoing shall not prevent Engage or the
Surviving Corporation from administering and enforcing such contracts,
agreements and commitments in accordance with their terms, including, without
limitation, any reserved right to amend, modify, suspend, revoke or terminate
any such contract, agreement or commitment.   4.16 Employee Benefit
Matters   (a) Engage agrees to provide the employees of the Company who
remain employed after the Closing Date (collectively, the "Transferred
Company Employees") with the types and levels of employee benefits maintained
by Engage for similarly situated employees of Engage. As soon as
administratively practicable after the Effective Time, Engage shall permit
the Transferred Company Employees to participate in Engage\'s group
hospitalization, medical, life and disability insurance plans, defined
benefit pension plan, thrift plan, severance plan and similar plans, on the
same terms and conditions as applicable to comparable employees of Engage
(including the waiver of pre-existing conditions, restrictions, exclusions or
limitations), giving Transferred Company Employees full credit for all "years
of service," as that term is defined in Section 411(a)(5) of the Code, with
the Company and its Subsidiaries (to the extent the Company gave effect) as
if such service was with Engage, for purposes of eligibility, vesting and
calculation of benefits under vacation, severance and other plans, but not
for benefit accrual purposes under Engage defined benefit pension plan.  
(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Engage
shall have sole discretion with respect to the determination as to whether
to terminate, merge or continue any employee benefit plans and programs of
the Company to the extent permitted by and in accordance with the terms of
such plans and programs; provided, however, that Engage shall continue to
maintain the Company plans (other than stock based or incentive plans) until
the Transferred Company Employees are permitted to participate in
Engage\'s obligations, if any, under ERISA, as amended by the Consolidated
Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 and/or the Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 with respect to the rights of
Transferred Company Employees and their qualified beneficiaries in connection
with the group health plan maintain by the Company as of the Effective
Time.         38  39   (c) Subject to this Section 4.16, the
Company shall terminate each Employee Benefit Plan designated by Engage for
termination effective as of the Closing Date and, if so requested by Engage,
shall amend each such other Employee Benefit Plan as may be designated by
Engage for amendment to cease accrual of additional benefits under such plan
and/or to make such other amendments as Engage may request, all such
amendments to be effective as of the Closing Date.   4.17
Indemnification   (a) Engage shall not after the Effective Time, take any
action to alter or impair any exculpatory or indemnification provisions now
existing in the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws of the Company and
the applicable charter documents of the subsidiaries for the benefit of any
individual who served as a director or officer of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries at any time prior to the Effective Time, except for any changes
which may be required to conform with changes in applicable law and any
changes which do not affect the application of such provisions to act or
omissions of such individuals prior to the Effective Time   (b) From and
after the Effective Time, Engage agrees that it will, and will cause the
Surviving Corporation to, indemnify and hold harmless each present and former
director and officer of the Company and any of the subsidiaries
(the "Indemnified Executives") against any costs or expenses (including
attorneys\' fees), judgments, fines, losses, claims, damages, liabilities or
amounts paid in settlement incurred in connection with any claim, action,
suit, proceeding or investigation, whether civil, criminal, administrative or
investigative, arising out of or pertaining to matters existing or occurring
at or prior to the Effective Time, whether asserted or claimed prior to, at
or after the Effective Time, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable
law (and Engage and the Surviving Corporation shall also advance expenses as
incurred to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, provided the
Indemnified Executive to whom expenses are advanced provides an undertaking
to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that such Indemnified
Executive is not entitled to indemnification). Without limiting the scope of
the foregoing, nothing contained in this Agreement shall obligate Engage or
the Surviving Corporation to indemnify an Indemnified Executive with respect
to his, her or its knowing fraud, criminal activity or intentional breach of
any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement or relating to a breach
of any other agreement between an Indemnified Executive and Engage or the
Company or any Subsidiary.   (c) In the event Engage or any of its
successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or mergers into any other person
or entity and shall not be the continuing or surviving corporation or entity
of such consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers or conveys all or
substantially all of its assets to any person, then, and in each such case,
to the extent necessary, proper provision shall be made so that the
successors and assigns of Engage assume the obligations set forth in this
Section 4.17.   (d) The provisions of this Section 4.17 are intended to be
for the benefit of, and shall be enforceable by, each Indemnified Executive
and his or her heirs and representatives, and nothing herein shall affect any
indemnification rights that any Indemnified Executive and his or      
39  40  her heirs and representatives may have under the By-laws of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, any contract or applicable law.   
ARTICLE V  CONDITIONS TO CONSUMMATION OF MERGER   5.1 Conditions to Each
Party\'s Obligations. The respective obligations of each Party to consummate
the Merger are subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions:  
(a) this Agreement and the Merger shall have received the
Requisite Shareholder Approval;   (b) all applicable waiting periods (and
any extensions thereof) under the HSR Act relating to the Merger shall have
expired or otherwise been terminated;   (c) the California Department of
Corporations shall have approved the Section 3(a)(10) Applications and issued
a permit qualifying the Merger Shares pursuant to Section 25113 of the
California Corporate Securities Law of 1968, as amended, or the Form S-4 of
Engage shall have been declared effective by the SEC and there shall not be
in effect any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the permits or the
Form S-4 or any proceedings seeking such a stop order;   (d) all
authorizations, consents, orders or approvals of, or declarations or filings
with, and all expirations of waiting periods imposed by, any governmental or
regulatory authority or agency (all of the foregoing being referred to as
"Consents") which are necessary for the consummation of the Merger, other
than those specified in Section 5.1(b) and (c), shall have been filed,
occurred or been obtained (all such authorizations, orders,
declarations, approvals, filings and consents and the lapse of all such
waiting periods being referred to as the "Requisite Regulatory Approvals")
and all such Requisite Regulatory Approvals shall be in full force and
effect; and   (e) no temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent
injunction, or other order issued by any court of competent jurisdiction or
other legal or regulatory restraints or prohibition preventing the
consummation of the Merger or materially limiting or restricting Engage\'s
conduct or operation of the business of Engage or the Company after the
Closing Date shall have been issued, nor shall any proceedings brought by any
Governmental Entity seeking any of the foregoing be pending, nor shall there
be any action taken, or any statute, rule, regulation or order enacted,
entered, enforced or deemed applicable to the Merger which would affect the
effectiveness of the Merger.   5.2 Conditions to Obligations of Engage and
Transitory Subsidiary. The obligation of each of Engage and Transitory
Subsidiary to consummate the Merger is subject to the satisfaction (or waiver
by Engage) of the following additional conditions:        40 
41    (a) the number of Dissenting Shares shall not exceed three percent
(3%) of the number of outstanding shares of Company Common Stock as of the
Effective Time (calculated after giving effect to the conversion into Company
Common Stock of all outstanding Company Preferred Stock);   (b) any and all
permits, consents, waivers, clearances, approvals and authorizations of all
non-governmental and non-regulatory third parties which are necessary in
connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and are required to be received or obtained by the Company, shall
have been obtained by the Company;   (c) the representations and warranties
of the Company set forth in the first sentence of Section 2.1 and in Section
2.3 and any representations and warranties of the Company set forth in this
Agreement that are qualified as to materiality shall be true and correct in
all respects, and all other representations and warranties of the Company set
forth in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects,
in each case as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Effective Time as
though made as of the Effective Time, except to the extent such
representations and warranties are specifically made as of a particular date
or as of the date of this Agreement (in which case such representations and
warranties shall be true and correct as of such date);   (d) the Company
shall have performed or complied in all material respects with its agreements
and covenants required to be performed or complied with under this Agreement
as of or prior to the Effective Time;   (e) the Company shall have delivered
to Engage and Transitory Subsidiary a certificate (the "Company Certificate")
to the effect that each of the conditions specified in clause (a) of Section
5.1 and clauses (a) through (d) of this Section 5.2 is satisfied in all
respects;   (f) Engage shall have received from Nutter, McClennen and Fish,
LLP, in a form reasonably satisfactory to Engage, an opinion to the effect
that the Merger will be treated for federal income tax purposes as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code, addressed to
Engage and dated as of the Closing Date, which opinion shall rely in part
upon customary and reasonable representation letters from each of Engage,
Transitory Subsidiary and the Company; provided, that if Nutter, McClennen and
Fish, LLP does not render such opinion, this condition shall nonetheless be
deemed satisfied if Hale and Dorr LLP renders such opinion to Engage;   (g)
Engage shall have received copies of the resignations, effective as of the
Effective Time, of each director of the Company and the Subsidiaries
(other than any such resignations which Engage designates, by written notice
to the Company, as unnecessary);   (h) Engage shall have received such
other certificates and instruments (including, without limitation,
certificates of good standing of the Company and the Subsidiaries in their
jurisdiction of organization and the various foreign jurisdictions in which
they are qualified, certified charter documents, certificates as to the
incumbency of officers and the adoption of authorizing resolutions) as it
shall reasonably request in connection with the Closing;         41 
42   (i) Engage shall have received an executed Lock-Up Agreement from (i)
each holder of Company Preferred Stock and (ii) the holders of shares of
Company Common Stock and Company Options representing at least 95% of the
Company Common Stock, assuming, for purposes of this clause, the full
exercise of all Company Options; provided, however, that the Company shall
not be required to obtain an executed Lock-Up Agreement from any holder of
Company Common Stock who is not an employee and who does not own more than
3,000 shares of Company Common Stock;   (j) Engage shall have received from
each of the employees listed on EXHIBIT 5.2(J) and from at least 95% of the
employees of the Company with an annual base salary of $50,000 or greater,
executed copies of each Employee Agreement and the Lock-Up Agreement;   (k)
none of the individuals set forth on EXHIBIT 5.2(J) shall have resigned from
the Company or indicated their intent to resign from the Company;   (l) the
Escrow Agreement shall have been executed and delivered by the parties
thereto;   (m) all of the outstanding Warrants shall have been exercised or
canceled pursuant to the terms thereof, provided that, with respect to the
Warrants issued in connection with the Series C Preferred Stock financing
(the "Series C Warrants"), if the Closing takes place prior to January 31,
2001, Engage shall have received a waiver from the holders of a majority of
the Company Common Stock underlying the Series C Warrants confirming that the
Series C Warrants will terminate without becoming exercisable upon completion
of the Merger;   (n) except as set forth on EXHIBIT 4.13(A), the Company
shall have terminated any and all arrangements or agreements that would give
rise to the acceleration of any employee benefits under any Company Employee
Benefit Plan (including, without limitation, the vesting of any Company
Options) solely by virtue of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby, and the Company shall have received all necessary consents, approvals
or agreements to permit such termination;   (o) Engage shall have received
a final statement of all fees and expenses incurred or to be incurred by the
Company or which the Company is otherwise obligated to pay in connection with
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, the payment of such
fees and expenses shall not have exceeded the amounts set forth on EXHIBIT
4.8;   (p) the Company Rights Agreement and the Adobe Security Agreements
shall have been terminated, and Engage shall have received evidence
reasonably satisfactory to Engage to that effect;   (q) Engage shall have
received the audited financial statements of the Company as of and for the
fiscal year ended January 31, 2000, including the signed report of Arthur
Andersen LLP with respect thereto;          42  43   (r) the
Company shall have amended the Stock Option Plans as provided in Section 4.13
of this Agreement; and   (q) the requisite number of disinterested holders
of Company Shares shall have approved any payment that absent such approval
might be treated as an "excess parachute payment" under Section 280G of the
Code, which approval shall have satisfied in all material respects the
criteria set forth in Proposed Treasury Regulation Section 1.280G-1, Q and A
-7(a)-(e).   5.3 Conditions to Obligations of the Company. The obligation of
the Company to consummate the Merger is subject to the satisfaction of the
following additional conditions:   (a) Engage shall have filed an
Additional Shares Notification form with the Nasdaq National Market
concerning the Merger Shares;   (b) Engage shall have effected all of the
registrations, filings and notices referred to in Section 4.2 which are
required on the part of Engage;   (c) the representations and warranties of
Engage and Transitory Subsidiary set forth in the first sentence of Section
3.1 and Section 3.3 and any representations and warranties of Engage and
Transitory Subsidiary set forth in this Agreement that are qualified as to
materiality shall be true and correct, and all other representations and
warranties of Engage and Transitory Subsidiary set forth in this Agreement
shall be true and correct in all material respects, in each case as of the
date of this Agreement and as of the Effective Time as though made as of the
Effective Time, except to the extent such representations and warranties are
specifically made as of a particular date or as of the date of this Agreement
(in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct
as of such date);   (d) each of Engage and Transitory Subsidiary shall have
performed or complied in all material respects with its agreements and
covenants required to be performed or complied with under this Agreement as
of or prior to the Effective Time;   (e) any and all permits, consents,
waivers, clearances, approvals and authorizations of all non-governmental and
non-regulatory third parties which are necessary in connection with the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and are
required to be received or obtained by Engage, shall have been obtained by
Engage;   (f) Engage shall have delivered to the Company a certificate (the
"Engage Certificate") to the effect that each of the conditions specified in
clauses (a) through (d) of this Section 5.3 is satisfied in all respects;  
(g) the Company shall have received from Hale and Dorr LLP an opinion, in
a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that the Merger
will be treated for federal income tax purposes as a reorganization within
the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code, addressed to the Company and dated
as of the Closing Date, which opinion shall rely in part upon customary and
reasonable representation letters from each of Engage,
Transitory         43  44  Subsidiary and the Company; provided,
that if Hale and Dorr LLP does not render such opinion, this condition shall
nonetheless be deemed satisfied if Nutter, McClennen and Fish, LLP renders such
opinion to the Company;   (h) the Company shall have received such other
certificates and instruments (including without limitation certificates of
good standing of Engage and Transitory Subsidiary in their jurisdiction of
organization, certified charter documents, certificates as to the incumbency
of officers and the adoption of authorizing resolutions) as it shall
reasonably request in connection with the Closing.    ARTICLE VI 
INDEMNIFICATION   6.1 Survival of Representations and Warranties.   (a)
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all representations
and warranties contained in this Agreement and the Company Certificate shall
(i) survive the Closing and any investigation at any time made by or on
behalf of an Indemnified Party and (ii) expire on the first anniversary of
the Closing Date.   (b) For the purposes of the indemnification provided
under Section 6.3 of this Agreement, (i) the representations and warranties
set forth in Sections 2.1, 2.2 and 2.3 (and the portion of the Company
Certificate relating thereto) shall survive the Closing indefinitely, and
(ii) the representations and warranties set forth in Sections 2.9, 2.22 and
2.23 (and the portion of the Company Certificate relating thereto) shall
survive until the expiration of all statutes of limitation applicable to the
matters referred to therein.   (c) If an Indemnified Party (as defined
below) delivers a Claim Notice (as defined below) to the Shareholder
Representative before expiration of a representation or warranty, concerning
either a breach of such representation or warranty, or a notice that, as a
result a legal proceeding instituted by or written claim made by a third
party, the Indemnified Party reasonably expects to incur Damages as a result
of a breach of such representation or warranty (an "Expected Claim Notice"),
then such representation or warranty shall survive until, but only for
purposes of, the resolution of the matter covered by such notice.   6.2
Escrow Agreement. The Escrow Agreement is intended to secure, and be the sole
source of the indemnification obligations to Engage and its
respective directors, officers, employees and Affiliates (an "Indemnified
Party" and, collectively, the "Indemnified Parties") under Sections 6.3 and
6.4 of this Agreement and will constitute and adjustment to the Net Merger
Consideration. If the Merger has occurred, any indemnification payment owed
by the Company Shareholders shall be payable in additional shares of Engage
Common Stock with the value of such shares being deemed to be equal to the
Average Closing Price of the Engage Common Stock.           44 
45   6.3 Sole Indemnification. Subject to the limitations set forth in
this Article VI, the Company Shareholders shall indemnify each of the
Indemnified Parties in respect of, and hold it harmless against, any and all
debts, obligations and other liabilities (whether absolute, accrued,
contingent, fixed or otherwise, or whether known or unknown, or due or to
become due or otherwise), monetary damages, fines, fees, penalties, interest
obligations, deficiencies, losses and expenses (including without limitation
amounts paid in settlement, interest, court costs, reasonable costs of third
party investigators, reasonable fees and expenses of attorneys, accountants,
financial advisors and other experts, and other reasonable expenses of
litigation) ("Damages") incurred or suffered by the Surviving Corporation,
Engage or any Affiliate thereof resulting from, relating to or
constituting:   (i) any misrepresentation, breach of warranty or failure to
perform any covenant or agreement of the Company contained in this Agreement
or the Company Certificate;   (ii) any of the matters set forth on EXHIBIT
6.3, which indemnification shall be made without regard to the limitation in
Section 6.5(a) of this Agreement;   (iii) any failure of any Company
Shareholder to have good, valid and marketable title to the issued and
outstanding Company Shares issued in the name of such Company Shareholder,
free and clear of all Security Interests that would prohibit the exchange of
Company Shares in the Merger, or would prevent Engage from having good, valid
and marketable title to the issued and outstanding Company Shares;   (iv)
any claim by a shareholder or former shareholder of the Company, or any other
person or entity, seeking to assert, or based upon, the following causes of
action that accrued prior to the Effective Time: (A) ownership or rights to
ownership of, or other adverse claim against, any shares of stock of the
Company; (B) any right of a shareholder (other than the right to receive
the Merger Shares pursuant to this Agreement or appraisal rights under
the applicable provisions of the DGCL), including any option, preemptive
rights or rights to notice or to vote; or (C) any right under the Certificate
of Incorporation or By-laws of the Company;   (v) any obligation of the
Company or any Subsidiary relating to the failure to pay Taxes; or   (vi)
any fee or expense incurred by the Company or any Subsidiary in connection
with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby (including,
without limitation, all accounting, banking, legal and printing expenses and
regulatory filing fees) that was not properly deducted from Gross Merger
Consideration pursuant to Section 1.5(a)(ii) of this Agreement,
which indemnification shall be made without regard to the limitation in
Section 6.5(a) of this Agreement.   6.4 [Reserved]          45 
46   6.5 Limitation   (a) Notwithstanding anything contained to the
contrary in this Agreement, except with respect to (a) knowing fraud,
criminal activity or intentional breach of any covenant or agreement
contained in this Agreement or relating to a breach of any ancillary
agreement or any other agreement executed by the Company or any Company
Shareholder pursuant to this Agreement, and (b) the matters set forth on
EXHIBIT 6.3 or in Section 6.3(vi), the Company Shareholders shall be liable
under this Article VI only if the aggregate Damages exceeds Three
Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($350,000), in which case, the Company
Shareholders shall be liable for the entire amount of such Damages, subject
to the limitations set forth in Sections 6.5(b) and (c).   (b) The
indemnification of Engage and the Surviving Corporation by the Company
Shareholders shall be without personal liability of or personal
recourse against any Company Shareholder and the sole recourse of Engage and
the Surviving Corporation against any Company Shareholder shall be against
the Escrow.   (c) The provisions of this Article VI shall constitute the
sole and exclusive remedy of Engage and the Surviving Corporation with
respect to any and all claims for money damages arising under this Agreement.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the
limitations on the liability of each Company Shareholder set forth in Section
6.5 relate to each Company Shareholder solely in his, her or its capacity as
a shareholder of the Company and shall not be construed to limit his, her or
its liability with respect to any other capacity he, she or it may have or
have had with the Company.   6.6 Indemnification Claims.   (a) An
Indemnified Party entitled, or seeking to assert rights, to indemnification
under this Article VI shall give written notification to the Shareholder
Representative of the commencement of any suit or proceeding relating to a
third party claim for which indemnification pursuant to this Article VI may
be sought. Such notification shall be given within twenty (20) business days
after receipt by the Indemnified Party of notice of such suit or proceeding,
and shall describe in reasonable detail (to the extent known by
the Indemnified Party) the facts constituting the basis for such suit or
proceeding and the amount of the claimed damages; provided, however, that no
delay on the part of the Indemnified Party in notifying the Shareholder
Representative shall relieve the indemnifying party of any liability or
obligation hereunder except to the extent of any damage or liability caused
by or arising out of such failure. Within twenty days after delivery of such
notification, the Shareholder Representative may, upon written notice thereof
to the Indemnified Party, assume control of the defense of such suit or
proceeding with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party;
provided that (i) the Shareholder Representative may only assume control of
such defense if (A) it acknowledges in writing to the Indemnified Party that
any damages, fines, costs or other liabilities that may be assessed against
the Indemnified Party in connection with such suit or proceeding constitute
Damages for which the Indemnified Party shall be indemnified pursuant to this
Article VI and (B) the ad damnum is less than or equal to the amount of
Damages for which indemnification is available under this Article VI and (ii)
the Shareholder Representative may not assume control of          
46  47  the defense of a suit or proceeding, or any portion of a suit or
proceeding, involving criminal liability or in which equitable relief is
sought against the Indemnified Party. If the Shareholder Representative does
not so assume control of such defense, the Indemnified Party shall control
such defense at the indemnifying parties\' expense. The party not controlling
such defense (the "Noncontrolling Party") may participate therein at its own
expense; provided that if the Shareholder Representative assumes control of
such defense and the Indemnified Party reasonably concludes that the
Shareholder Representative and the Indemnified Party have conflicting
interests or different defenses available with respect to such suit or
proceeding, the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel to the Indemnified
Party shall be considered "Damages" for purposes of this Agreement. The party
controlling such defense (the "Controlling Party") shall keep the
Noncontrolling Party advised of the status of such suit or proceeding and the
defense thereof and shall consider in good faith recommendations made by the
Noncontrolling Party with respect thereto. The Noncontrolling Party shall
furnish the Controlling Party with such information as it may have with
respect to such suit or proceeding (including copies of any summons,
complaint or other pleading which may have been served on such party and any
written claim, demand, invoice, billing or other document evidencing
or asserting the same) and shall otherwise reasonably cooperate with and
assist the Controlling Party in the defense of such suit or proceeding. The
Shareholder Representative shall not agree to any settlement of, or the entry
of any judgment arising from, any such suit or proceeding without the prior
written consent of the Indemnified Party, which shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed; provided that the consent of the Indemnified Party shall
not be required if the Shareholder Representative agrees in writing to pay
any amounts payable pursuant to such settlement or judgment and such
settlement or judgment includes a complete release of the Indemnified Party
from further liability and has no other adverse effect on the Indemnified
Party. The Indemnified Party shall not agree to any settlement of, or the
entry of any judgment arising from, any such suit or proceeding without the
prior written consent of the Shareholder Representative, which shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed.   (b) In order to seek indemnification
under this Article VI, an Indemnified Party shall give written notification
(a "Claim Notice") to the Shareholder Representative which contains (i) a
description and the amount (the "Claimed Amount") of any Damages incurred or
reasonably expected to be incurred by the Indemnified Party, (ii) a statement
that the Indemnified Party is entitled to indemnification under this Article
VI for such Damages and a reasonable explanation of the basis therefor, and
(iii) a demand for payment (in the manner provided in paragraph (c) below) in
the amount of such Damages. If the Indemnified Party is seeking to enforce
such claim pursuant to the Escrow Agreement, the Indemnified Party shall also
provide a copy of the Claim Notice to the Escrow Agent.   (c) Within twenty
(20) business days after delivery of a Claim Notice, the Shareholder
Representative shall deliver to the Indemnified Party a written response (the
"Response") in which the Shareholder Representative shall: (i) agree that the
Indemnified Party is entitled to receive all of the Claimed Amount (in which
case the Response shall be accompanied by a payment by the Shareholder
Representative to the Indemnified Party of the Claimed Amount, by check or by
wire transfer; provided that if the Indemnified Party is seeking to enforce
such claim pursuant to the Escrow Agreement, the Shareholder Representative
and the Indemnified Party shall deliver to the Escrow Agent, within three
days following the delivery of           47  48  the Response, a
written notice executed by both parties instructing the Escrow Agent to
distribute to Engage such number of Escrow Shares as have an
aggregate Average Closing Price equal to the Claimed Amount), (ii) agree that
the Indemnified Party is entitled to receive part, but not all, of the
Claimed Amount (the "Agreed Amount") (in which case the Response shall be
accompanied by a payment to the Indemnified Party of the Agreed Amount, by
check or by wire transfer; provided that if the Indemnified Party is seeking
to enforce such claim pursuant to the Escrow Agreement, the Shareholder
Representative and the Indemnified Party shall deliver to the Escrow Agent,
within three days following the delivery of the Response, a written notice
executed by both parties instructing the Escrow Agent to distribute to Engage
such number of Escrow Shares as have an aggregate Average Closing Price equal
to the Agreed Amount) or (iii) dispute that the Indemnified Party is entitled
to receive any of the Claimed Amount. If the Shareholder Representative in
the Response disputes its liability for all or part of the Claimed Amount,
the Shareholder Representative and the Indemnified Party shall follow the
procedures set forth in Section 6.6(d) for the resolution of such dispute (a
"Dispute").   (d) During the 60-day period following the delivery of a
Response that reflects a Dispute, the Shareholder Representative and the
Indemnified Party shall use good faith efforts to resolve the Dispute. If the
Dispute is not resolved within such 60-day period, the Shareholder
Representative and the Indemnified Party shall submit the Dispute to
arbitration as provided below. Except with respect to an action seeking
specific performance or another equitable remedy, any dispute shall be
settled by arbitration in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of
the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"). The arbitration proceeding,
including the rendering of an award shall take place in Boston, Massachusetts
and be administered by the AAA. The Parties agree to act in good faith to
mutually select an arbitrator. The decision of the arbitrator shall be
binding on the Parties or their successors and any judgment rendered by such
arbitrator may be enforced by any court of competent jurisdiction. Each Party
shall bear its own expenses in connection with such arbitration unless
otherwise ordered by the arbitrator. If the Indemnified Party is seeking to
enforce the claim that is the subject of the Dispute pursuant to the Escrow
Agreement, the Shareholder Representative and the Indemnified Party shall
deliver to the Escrow Agent, promptly following the resolution of the Dispute
(whether by mutual agreement, pursuant to arbitration, as a result of
a judicial decision or otherwise), a written notice executed by both
parties instructing the Escrow Agent as to what (if any) portion of the
Escrow Shares shall be distributed to Engage and/or the Company Shareholders
(which notice shall be consistent with the terms of the resolution of the
Dispute).   (e) Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 6.6, if
a third party asserts (other than by means of a lawsuit) that an Indemnified
Party is liable to such third party for a monetary or other obligation which
may constitute or result in Damages for which such Indemnified Party may be
entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Article VI, and such Indemnified
Party reasonably determines that it has a valid business reason to fulfill
such obligation, then (i) such Indemnified Party shall be entitled to satisfy
such obligation, without prior notice to or consent from the
Shareholder Representative, (ii) such Indemnified Party may subsequently make
a claim for indemnification in accordance with the provisions of this Article
VI, and (iii) such Indemnified Party shall be reimbursed, in accordance with
the provisions of this Article VI, for any such Damages for which it is
entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Article VI (subject to the right
of the Shareholder Representative to dispute the
Indemnified          48  49  Party\'s entitlement to
indemnification, or the amount for which it is entitled to indemnification,
under the terms of this Article VI); provided, however, that except with the
consent of the Shareholder Representative, no settlement of any such claim
with third party claimants shall be determinative of the amount of any claim
against the Escrow Shares.   (f) The Shareholder Representative shall have
full power and authority on behalf of each indemnifying shareholder to take
any and all actions on behalf of, execute any and all instruments on behalf
of, and execute or waive any and all rights of, the Indemnifying Shareholders
under this Article VI. The Shareholder Representative shall have no liability
to any beneficiary of the Escrow or any Company Shareholder for any action
taken or omitted as Shareholder Representative pursuant to this Article
VI.   (g) If the legal proceeding or written claim with respect to which
an Expected Claim Notice has been given is definitively withdrawn or resolved
in favor of the Indemnified Party, the Indemnified Party shall promptly so
notify the Shareholder Representative; and if the Indemnified Party has
delivered a copy of the Expected Claim Notice to the Escrow Agent and Escrow
Shares have been retained in Escrow after the Termination Date (as defined in
the Escrow Agreement) with respect to such Expected Claim Notice, the
Shareholder Representative and the Indemnified Party shall promptly deliver
to the Escrow Agent a written notice executed by both parties instructing the
Escrow Agent to distribute such retained Escrow Shares to the Indemnifying
Shareholders in accordance with the terms of the Escrow Agreement.   6.7 No
Right of Contribution. No Company Shareholder shall have any right of
contribution against Engage, the Company, the Surviving Corporation or any
of Engage\'s Affiliates with respect to any breach by the Company of any of
its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements.   6.8 Shareholder
Representative.   (a) The Shareholder Representative is hereby constituted
and appointed as agent for and on behalf of the Company Shareholders with
respect to this Article VI. The Shareholder Representative shall incur no
liability to the Company Shareholders with respect to any action taken or
suffered by he, she or it in reliance upon any note, direction, instruction,
consent, statement or other documents believed by he, she or it to be
genuinely and duly authorized, nor for other action or inaction except his,
her or its own willful misconduct or gross negligence. The Shareholder
Representative may, in all questions arising under this Agreement, rely on
the advice of counsel and the Shareholder Representative shall not be liable
to the Company Shareholders for anything done, omitted or suffered in good
faith by the Shareholder Representative based on such advice.   (b) In the
event of the death or permanent disability of the Shareholder Representative,
or its resignation as an Shareholder Representative, a successor Shareholder
Representative shall be elected by a majority vote of the
Company Shareholders, with each such Company Shareholder (or his, her or its
successors or assigns) to be given a vote equal to the number of votes
represented by the shares of stock of the Company held by such Indemnifying
Shareholder immediately prior to the Effective Time. Each successor
Shareholder Representative        49  50  shall have all of the
power, authority, rights and privileges conferred by this Agreement upon the
original Shareholder Representative, and the term "Shareholder
Representative" as used herein shall be deemed to include
successor Shareholder Representative.   (c) The Shareholder Representative
shall have full power and authority to represent the Company Shareholders,
and their successors, with respect to all matters arising under this Article
VI and all actions taken by any Shareholder Representative hereunder shall be
binding upon the Company Shareholders, and their successors, as if expressly
confirmed and ratified in writing by each of them. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, the Shareholder Representative shall have full
power and authority to interpret all of the terms and provisions of this
Article VI, to compromise any claims asserted hereunder and to authorize any
release of the Escrow Shares to be made with respect thereto, on behalf of
the Indemnifying Shareholders and their successors. All actions to be taken
by the Shareholder Representative hereunder shall be evidenced by, and taken
upon, the written direction of a majority thereof.    ARTICLE VII 
TERMINATION   7.1 Termination of Agreement. The Parties may terminate this
Agreement prior to the Effective Time (whether before or after Requisite
Shareholder Approval), as provided below:   (a) the Parties may terminate
this Agreement by mutual written consent;   (b) Engage may terminate this
Agreement by giving written notice to the Company in the event the Company is
in breach of any representation, warranty or covenant contained in this
Agreement, and such breach, individually or in combination with any other
such breach, (i) would cause the conditions set forth in clauses (c) or (d)
of Section 5.2 not to be satisfied and (ii) is not cured within 20 days
following delivery by Engage to the Company of written notice of such
breach;   (c) the Company may terminate this Agreement by giving written
notice to Engage in the event Engage or Transitory Subsidiary is in breach of
any representation, warranty or covenant contained in this Agreement, and
such breach, individually or in combination with any other such breach, (i)
would cause the conditions set forth in clauses (c) or (d) of Section 5.3 not
to be satisfied and (ii) is not cured within 20 days following delivery by
the Company to Engage of written notice of such breach;   (d) any Party may
terminate this Agreement by giving written notice to the other Parties at any
time after the Company Shareholders have voted on whether to approve this
Agreement and the Merger in the event this Agreement and the Merger failed to
receive the Requisite Shareholder Approval;   (e) Engage may terminate this
Agreement by giving written notice to the Company if the Closing shall not
have occurred on or before October 31, 2000 in the event that the Section
3(a)(10) Applications have been approved or November 30, 2000 if Engage were
unable to          50  51  receive approval of the Section
3(a)(10) Applications and filed Form S-4 thereafter, by reason of the failure
of any condition precedent under Section 5.1 or 5.2 hereof (unless the
failure results primarily from a breach by Engage or Transitory Subsidiary of
any representation, warranty or covenant contained in this Agreement); or  
(f) the Company may terminate this Agreement by giving written notice
to Engage and Transitory Subsidiary if the Closing shall not have occurred on
or before October 31, 2000 in the event that the Section 3(a)(10)
Applications have been approved or November 30, 2000 if Engage were unable to
receive approval of the Section 3(a)(10) Applications and filed Form S-4
thereafter, by reason of the failure of any condition precedent under Section
5.1 or 5.3 hereof (unless the failure results primarily from a breach by the
Company of any representation, warranty or covenant contained in this
Agreement).    ARTICLE VIII  DEFINITIONS    8.1 DEFINITIONS.   "AAA"
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.6(d).   "Adobe Security Agreements"
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.4.   "Affiliate" has the meaning set
forth in Section 2.15.   "Affiliated Group" has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.9.   "Agreed Amount" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.6.  
"Agreement" means this Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among
the Parties.   "Average Closing Price" means the average of the last
reported sale price of Engage Common Stock on the Nasdaq National Market for
the fifteen consecutive full trading days ending three days prior to the
Closing Date.   "Cause" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.13.  
"CERCLA" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.22.   "Certificate of
Merger" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.1.   "Claim Notice" has the
meaning set forth in Section 6.6.   "Claimed Amount" has the meaning set
forth in Section 6.6.   "Closing" has the meaning set forth in Section
1.2.        51  52    "Closing Date" has the meaning set forth in
Section 1.2.   "Closing Shares" means those Merger Shares, other than the
Escrow Shares, to which the Company Shareholders are entitled upon completion
of the Merger.   "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended.   "Company" means MediaBridge Technologies, Inc., a Delaware
corporation.   "Company Common Stock" means the common stock of the Company,
par value $0.001 per share.   "Company Material Adverse Effect" has the
meaning set forth in Section 2.1.   "Company Option" has the meaning set
forth in Section 1.10.   "Company Option Plans" mean the Company\'s 1994
Stock Option Plan and the 1997 Stock Option Plan.   "Company Shareholders"
means the holders of record of shares of Company Common Stock or any series
of Company Preferred Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time.  
"Company Shareholders Meeting" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.29.  
"Company Shares" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.9.   "Consenting
Option Holder" means a holder of a Company Option that has executed the
Employee Agreement.   "Contract" means any loan or credit agreement, note,
bond, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, lease, franchise, permit,
authorization, license, contract, instrument, benefit plan or practice or
other agreement, arrangement, obligation, instrument or commitment of any
nature, whether written or oral.   "Controlling Party" has the meaning set
forth in Section 6.6.   "Conversion Ratio" has the meaning set forth in
Section 1.5.   "Customer Deliverables" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.13.   "Damages" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.3.   "DGCL" means
the Delaware General Corporation Law as in effect at the relevant time.  
"Dispute" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.6.        52 
53    "Disclosure Statement" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.3.  
"Employee Agreements" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.4.   "Employee
Benefit Plan" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.21.   "Engage" means
Engage, Inc., a Delaware corporation.   "Engage Certificate" has the meaning
set forth in Section 5.3.   "Engage Disclosure Schedule" has the meaning set
forth in Article III.   "Engage Material Adverse Effect" has the meaning set
forth in Section 3.1.   "Engage Option" has the meaning set forth in Section
1.10.   "Escrow" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.6.   "Escrow
Agent" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.3.   "Escrow Agreement" has
the meaning set forth in Section 1.3.   "Escrow Shares" has the meaning set
forth in Section 1.6.   "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.  
"Exchange Agent" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.3.   "Expected Claim
Notice" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1.   "Financial Statement"
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6.   "Form S-4" has the meaning set
forth in Section 4.9.   "GAAP" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6.  
"Governmental Entity" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4.   "Gross
Merger Consideration" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.5.   "HSR Act"
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4.   "Information Statement" has the
meaning set forth in Section 2.29.   "Indemnified Party" has the meaning set
forth in Section 6.2.          53  54    "Internal Systems" has
the meaning set forth in Section 2.13.   "Intellectual Property" has the
meaning set forth in Section 2.13.   "Legal Proceeding" has the meaning set
forth in Section 2.19.   "Liquidation Preference Shares" has the meaning set
forth in Section 1.5.   "Lock-Up Agreement" has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.4.   "Merger" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.1.  
"Merger Shares" means the shares of Engage Common Stock comprising the
Net Merger Consideration.   "Most Recent Balance Sheet" has the meaning set
forth in Section 2.6.   "Net Merger Consideration" has the meaning set forth
in Section 1.5.   "Noncontrolling Party" has the meaning set forth in
Section 6.6.   "Ordinary Course of Business" means the ordinary course of
the Company\'s business, consistent with past custom and practice (including
with respect to frequency and amount).   "Parties" means Engage, the
Company, Transitory Subsidiary and the Shareholder Representative.  
"Permits" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.25.   "Reasonable Best
Efforts" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.1.   "Requisite Shareholder
Approval" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3.   "Requisite Regulatory
Approvals" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1.   "Response" has the
meaning set forth in Section 6.6.   "SEC" means the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission.   "Section 3(a)(10) Applications" has the meaning
set forth in Section 4.9.   "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.         54  55    "Security Interest" means any
mortgage, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, charge or other lien
(whether arising by contract or by operation of law), other than (i)
mechanic\'s, materialmen\'s, and similar liens, (ii) liens arising under
worker\'s compensation, unemployment insurance, social security, retirement,
and similar legislation, and (iii) liens on goods in transit incurred
pursuant to documentary letters of credit, in each case arising in
the Ordinary Course of Business of the Company and not material to the
Company.   "Series A Preferred Stock" means the Series A Preferred Stock of
the Company, par value $0.001 per share.   "Series B Preferred Stock" means
the Series B Preferred Stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share.  
"Series C Preferred Stock" means the Series C Preferred Stock of the Company,
par value $0.001 per share.   "Series C Warrants" has the meaning set forth
in Section 5.2.   "Series D Preferred Stock" means the Series D Preferred
Stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share.   "Shareholder
Representative" means Standish H. O\'Grady.   "Shareholder Support
Agreement" means those certain agreements executed as of the date hereof
providing that each Company Shareholder that is a party to such agreement
agrees (i) to vote all Company Shares that are beneficially owned by him, her
or it in favor of the adoption of this Agreement and the approval of the
Merger, (ii) not to vote any Company Shares in favor of any other acquisition
(whether by way of merger, consolidation, share exchange, stock purchase or
asset purchase) of all or a majority of the outstanding capital stock or
assets of the Company, (iii) otherwise to use his, her or its Reasonable Best
Efforts to obtain the Requisite Shareholder Approval and (iv) to join in the
indemnification obligations of the Company Shareholders under Article VI
hereof.   "Software" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.13.  
"Subsidiary" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5.   "Surviving
Corporation" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.1.   "Transitory
Subsidiary" means Engage Subsidiary, Inc., a
Delaware corporation.        55  56    ARTICLE IX 
MISCELLANEOUS   9.1 Press Releases and Announcements. No Party shall issue
any press release or public announcement relating to the subject matter of
this Agreement without the prior written approval of the other Parties;
provided, however, that any Party may make any public disclosure it believes
in good faith is required by applicable law, regulation or stock market rule
(in which case the disclosing Party shall use Reasonable Best Efforts to
advise the other Parties and provide them with a copy of the proposed
disclosure prior to making the disclosure).   9.2 No Third Party
Beneficiaries. This Agreement shall not confer any rights or remedies upon
any person other than the Parties and their respective successors and
permitted assigns; provided, that, (a) the provisions of Article I concerning
the issuance of the Merger Shares are intended for the benefit of and shall
be enforceable by the Company Shareholders and their heirs
and representatives, (b) the provisions of Section 1.10 are intended for the
benefit of and shall be enforceable by the holders of Company Options and
their heirs and representatives, (c) the provisions of Section 4.18 are
intended for the benefit of and shall be enforceable by the Indemnified
Executives and their heirs and representatives, and (d) the provisions of
Sections 4.16 and 4.17 are intended for the benefit of and shall be
enforceable by the employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries and their
heirs and representatives.   9.3 Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including
the documents referred to herein) constitutes the entire agreement among the
Parties and supersedes any prior understandings, agreements or
representations by or among the Parties, written or oral, with respect to the
subject matter hereof.   9.4 Succession and Assignment. This Agreement shall
be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties named herein and
their respective successors and permitted assigns. No Party may assign either
this Agreement or any of its rights, interests or obligations hereunder
without the prior written approval of the other Parties; provided that
Transitory Subsidiary may assign its rights, interests and obligations
hereunder to an Affiliate of Engage.   9.5 Counterparts and Facsimile
Signature. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each
of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall
constitute one and the same instrument. The delivery of a signature page of
this Agreement by one Party to the each of the other Parties via facsimile
transmission shall constitute the execution and delivery of this Agreement by
the transmitting Party.   9.6 Headings. The section headings contained in
this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect in any
way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.   9.7 Notices. All
notices, requests, demands, claims, and other communications hereunder shall
be in writing. Any notice, request, demand, claim or other communication
hereunder shall be deemed duly delivered four business days after it is sent
by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid,
or one business day after it is sent for        56  57  next
business day delivery via a reputable nationwide overnight courier
service, in each case to the intended recipient as set forth below:  If to
Engage or Transitory Subsidiary:   Engage, Inc.  100 Brickstone Square, 1st
Floor  Andover, MA 01810  Attention: General Counsel  Telephone: (978)
684-3884  Telecopy: (978) 684-3877  With a copy to:   Nutter, McClennen and
Fish, LLP  One International Place  Boston, MA 02110-2699  Attention:
Constantine Alexander, Esquire  Michael K. Krebs, Esquire  Telephone: (617)
439-2000  Telecopy: (617) 310-9000  If to the Company:   MediaBridge
Technologies, Inc.  100 Nagog Park  Acton, MA 01720-3428  Attention: Robert
Angelo  Telephone: (978) 795-7000  Telecopy: (978) 795-7126  With a copy
to:   Hale and Dorr LLP  60 State Street  Boston, MA 02109  Attention:
John A. Burgess, Esquire  Telephone: (617) 526-6000  Telecopy: (617)
526-5000        57  58  If to the Shareholder Representative:  
Standish H. O\'Grady  c/o H and Q Venture Associates LLC  One Bush Street 
San Francisco, CA 94104  Telephone: (415) 591-7701  Telecopy: (415)
399-4529   Any Party may give any notice, request, demand, claim or
other communication hereunder using any other means (including personal
delivery, expedited courier, messenger service, telecopy, telex, ordinary
mail or electronic mail), but no such notice, request, demand, claim or
other communication shall be deemed to have been duly given unless and until
it actually is received by the party for whom it is intended. Any Party may
change the address to which notices, requests, demands, claims, and
other communications hereunder are to be delivered by giving the other
Parties notice in the manner herein set forth.   9.8 Governing Law. This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal
laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and to the extent applicable, the
DGCL, in each case, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law
provision or rule (whether of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts or any other
jurisdiction) that would cause the application of laws of any jurisdictions
other than those of the State of Delaware.   9.9 Amendments and Waivers. The
Parties may mutually amend any provision of this Agreement at any time prior
to the Closing Date; provided, however, that any amendment effected
subsequent to the Requisite Shareholder Approval shall be subject to any
restrictions contained in the DGCL. No amendment of any provision of this
Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by
Engage and the Company, and no amendment of any provision of Article VI
of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall also be by the
Shareholder Representative. No waiver of any right or remedy hereunder shall
be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Party giving
such waiver. No waiver by any Party with respect to any default,
misrepresentation or breach of warranty or covenant hereunder shall be deemed
to extend to any prior or subsequent default, misrepresentation or breach of
warranty or covenant hereunder or affect in any way any rights arising by
virtue of any prior or subsequent such occurrence.   9.10 Severability. Any
term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any
situation in any jurisdiction shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of the remaining terms and provisions hereof or the validity or
enforceability of the offending term or provision in any other situation or
in any other jurisdiction. If the final judgment of a court of competent
jurisdiction declares that any term or provision hereof is invalid
or unenforceable, the Parties agree that the court making the determination
of invalidity or unenforceability shall have the power to limit the term
or provision, to delete specific words or phrases, or to replace any invalid
or unenforceable term or provision with a term or provision that is valid
and enforceable         58  59  and that comes closest to
expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision,
and this Agreement shall be enforceable as so modified.   9.11
Construction.   (a) The language used in this Agreement shall be deemed to
be the language chosen by the Parties to express their mutual intent, and no
rule of strict construction shall be applied against any Party.   (b) Any
reference to any federal, state, local or foreign statute or law shall be
deemed also to refer to all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
unless the context requires otherwise.   (c) The Company shall be deemed to
have delivered documents or other materials to Engage pursuant to this
Agreement if the Company has delivered such documents or materials to the
authorized representatives of Engage.           59    60    IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the
date first above written.   ENGAGE, INC.    By: /s/ Michael Baker 
---------------------------  Its: V.P. and General Counsel   ENGAGE
SUBSIDIARY, INC.    By: /s/ Michael Baker  --------------------------- 
Its: Secretary   MEDIABRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.    By: /s/ Robert F.
Angelo  ---------------------------  Its: CEO      SHAREHOLDER
REPRESENTATIVE ACKNOWLEDGMENT   The undersigned is executing this Agreement
solely for the purpose of acknowledging its agreement to serve as Shareholder
Representative pursuant to the terms more fully set forth herein.    /s/
Standish H. O\'Grady  ---------------------------  Standish H.
O\'Grady              60   '

