 EXHIBIT 2.3      Exhibit 2.3   PLAN AND
AGREEMENT OF REORGANIZATION   This Plan and Agreement of Reorganization
dated March 27, 2000 is entered into by LIBERATE TECHNOLOGIES, a Delaware
corporation (the "BUYER"), LT ACQUISITION CORPORATION, a Pennsylvania
corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Buyer ("MERGER SUB"), MORECOM,
INC., a Pennsylvania corporation (the "COMPANY"), and the holders of certain
of the outstanding capital stock of the Company executing this Agreement (the
"STOCKHOLDERS"). The Company is a developer and marketer of software for set-
top boxes and other information appliances (the "BUSINESS").   Capitalized
terms used herein have the meanings stated in Section 9.   The Buyer desires
to acquire the Company through a merger of Merger Sub with and into the
Company (the "MERGER"), and the Company and the Stockholders desire to
consummate the Merger, under the terms of this Agreement.   The Merger is
intended to qualify as a tax-qualified reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(a)(2)(E) of the Code.   Therefore, in consideration of the
mutual agreements contained herein, the parties hereby agree as
follows:  SECTION 1 THE MERGER   1.1 CLOSING. The closing (the "CLOSING")
under this Agreement shall take place at the offices of McCutchen, Doyle,
Brown and Enersen, LLP, Palo Alto, within 5 business days after the
satisfaction (or waiver by the party entitled to waive) of all conditions
stated in Sections 5 and 6, or at such other place or on such other date as
the parties may agree in writing.   1.2 EFFECTIVE DATE OF MERGER. The Merger
shall take effect upon filing of a certificate of merger with the Department
of State of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in accordance with Pennsylvania
Law (the "EFFECTIVE TIME").   1.3 MERGER. At the Effective Time, Merger Sub
shall be merged with and into the Company and the separate corporate
existence of Merger Sub shall cease. The Company shall be the surviving
corporation in the Merger (the "SURVIVING CORPORATION") and shall continue to
hold the purposes, objects, powers, immunities, assets and Properties, and
continue to be subject to the debts, liabilities and obligations, of the
Company and shall also be vested in all assets and Properties of, and be
subject to the debts, liabilities and obligations, of Merger Sub with the
same effect as though such assets and Properties had been originally owned,
and such debts, liabilities and obligations had been originally incurred, by
the Surviving Corporation.     1.4 ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION. At the
Effective Time, the articles of incorporation of the Company shall constitute
the articles of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation, subject always to
the right of the Company to amend its articles of incorporation after the
Effective Time in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania, and shall not be amended by virtue of the Merger.   1.5 BY-
LAWS. At the Effective Time, the by-laws of Merger Sub shall constitute the
by-laws of the Surviving Corporation and shall not be amended by the
Merger.   1.6 DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS. At the Effective Time, the directors
of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall constitute
the directors of the Surviving Corporation, and the officers of Merger
Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall constitute the officers of
the Surviving Corporation, in each case until their successors have been
elected and qualified or until otherwise provided by law.   1.7 COMPANY
SHARES OWNED BY COMPANY OR BUYER. At the Effective Time, all of the shares of
capital stock of the Company ("SHARES") that are owned directly or indirectly
by the Company or any subsidiary of the Company and any Shares owned by the
Buyer, Merger Sub or any other subsidiary of the Buyer shall be canceled and
no consideration shall be delivered therefor.   1.8 COMPANY SHARES. At the
Effective Time, each share of Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share, and
each share of Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share, of the Company
(each such share of Common Stock or Preferred Stock being herein called a
"SHARE"), other than any Shares as to which dissenters\' rights under
Subchapter D of the Pennsylvania Business Corporation Law are perfected and
other than those referred to in Section 1.7, shall be converted into the
number of shares of the Buyer Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share ("BUYER
STOCK"), determined by dividing the Buyer Share Amount by the Fully-Diluted
Company Shares (such quotient being herein called the "EXCHANGE RATIO").
"BUYER SHARE AMOUNT" means the number of shares of Buyer Stock which have an
aggregate value, at the Average Price, of $561,000,000. "AVERAGE PRICE" means
the average closing price of a share of Buyer Stock on the Nasdaq
National Market System for the 5 trading days ending on and including the 3rd
trading day prior to the Closing Date, but in no event shall the Average
Price be higher than $85.3875 or lower than $69.8625. "FULLY-DILUTED COMPANY
SHARES" means the sum, without duplication, of (i) all Shares outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time and (ii) the number of Shares subject
to any Stock Right outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time,
whether or not then exercisable, other than Stock Rights granted under the
New Option Plan(s). All calculations relevant to the determination of the
Exchange Ratio shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock split, reverse
stock split, stock dividend or similar transaction occurring after the date
hereof.   1.9 COMMON STOCK OF MERGER SUB. At the Effective Time, all of
the outstanding shares of Common Stock of Merger Sub shall be converted into
an equal number of shares of Common Stock of the Surviving Corporation.  
1.10 FRACTIONAL SHARES. The Buyer shall not be required to issue or deliver
any fractional shares of Buyer Stock or any certificates
representing fractional shares of Buyer Stock for certificates representing
the Shares; however, the Buyer shall pay to each person who would otherwise
be entitled to receive a certificate representing a fractional share of Buyer
Stock an   2   amount in cash (rounded to the nearest whole cent) equal
to the per share value of Buyer Stock (based on the Average Price) multiplied
by the fraction of a share of Buyer Stock to which such Stockholder would
otherwise be entitled.   1.11 COMPANY STOCK OPTIONS. At the Effective Time,
the Buyer will assume the Company\'s obligations under the Company Existing
Option Plan and any New Option Plan adopted by the Company and all options
outstanding thereunder, and each option outstanding thereunder at the
Effective Time will be exercisable for the number of shares of Buyer Stock
determined by multiplying the number of Shares subject thereto at the
Effective Time by the Exchange Ratio, and the exercise price for each share
of Buyer Stock subject thereto shall be the exercise price in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time divided by the Exchange Ratio. Such
options shall continue to vest in accordance with their terms, including
acceleration of a portion of the unvested options by virtue of the Merger.
Such assumption shall not preclude participation by employees of the Company
that continue their employment in the Buyer\'s stock option and other plans
in the normal course.   1.12 CERTIFICATE SURRENDER REQUIRED. Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, no certificate for Buyer Stock and no
cash in lieu of fractional shares otherwise payable to a holder of Shares who
has not theretofore surrendered its, his or her certificates formerly
evidencing the Shares registered in its, his or her name shall be issued or
paid until the surrender of such certificates to the Buyer. Until properly
surrendered, certificates formerly evidencing the Shares shall be deemed for
all purposes to evidence only the shares of Buyer Stock into which such
Shares were converted by virtue of the Merger.   1.13 NOTICE. As soon as
practicable after the Effective Time, the Company shall notify each
Stockholder who has not already surrendered all its, his or her certificates
formerly evidencing the Shares registered in its, his or her name, that the
Merger has become effective and that such certificates may be surrendered to
the Buyer in order to receive certificates representing the shares of Buyer
Stock into which such Shares were converted by virtue of the Merger and the
amounts then payable to such holder in accordance with this Agreement.  
1.14 NONREGISTERED CERTIFICATE HOLDERS. If any part of the Buyer
Stock issuable or right to receive cash in lieu of fractional shares payable
to a holder of Shares is to be issued or paid to a Person other than the
Person in whose name the certificates surrendered in exchange therefor are
registered, it shall be a condition to such issuance or payment that the
certificate so surrendered shall be properly endorsed or accompanied by
appropriate stock powers and otherwise in proper form for transfer, that such
transfer otherwise be proper and that the Person requesting such transfer pay
to the Company any transfer or other taxes payable by reason of the foregoing
or establish to the satisfaction of the Company that such taxes have been
paid or are not required to be paid.   1.15 LOST, STOLEN OR DESTROYED
CERTIFICATES. In the event any certificate formerly representing the Shares
shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of any affidavit
of that fact by the registered holder thereof or his duly authorized
attorney-in-fact, the Buyer shall issue the certificate for Buyer Stock and
pay the cash amount to which such Shares are then entitled by virtue of the
Merger, provided that the Buyer may, in its discretion and as a condition
precedent to such issuance and payment, require the owner of such lost,
stolen or destroyed certificate to give the Buyer and the Company a bond in
such sum as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may  
3   be made against the Buyer or the Company with respect to the
certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed.   1.16 TRANSFER
BOOKS; NO FURTHER OWNERSHIP RIGHTS IN THE SHARES. At the Effective Time, the
stock transfer books of the Company shall be closed and thereafter there
shall be no further registration of transfers of the Shares on the records of
the Company. From and after the Effective Time, the holders of Certificates
evidencing ownership of the Shares outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall cease to have any rights with respect to such
Shares, except as otherwise provided for herein or by applicable law.  
1.17 DISSENTERS\' RIGHTS. If any dissenters\' right under Subchapter D of the
Pennsylvania Business Corporation Law ("DISSENTERS\' RIGHTS") are
asserted, the Company shall give the Buyer and Merger Sub notice thereof and
the Buyer and Merger Sub shall have the right to participate in all
negotiations and proceedings with respect to any such demands. The Surviving
Corporation shall not, except with the prior written consent of the Buyer or
Merger Sub, voluntarily make any payment with respect to, or settle or offer
to settle, any assertion of Dissenters\' Rights. If any Shares as to which
Dissenters\' Rights are asserted shall fail to perfect or shall have
effectively withdrawn or lost such Dissenters\' Rights, such Shares shall
thereupon be treated as though such Shares had been converted into Buyer
Stock pursuant to Section 1.8.   1.18 OTHER AGREEMENTS.   (a)
Simultaneously with the parties\' entry into this Agreement, each Stockholder
is entering into a Support Agreement with the Buyer substantially in the form
attached as EXHIBIT A.   (b) At the Closing, the parties and the Holders\'
Agent will enter into an escrow agreement (the "ESCROW AGREEMENT")
substantially in the form attached as EXHIBIT B.   (c) At the Closing, the
Stockholders who are managers of the Company will enter into the Equity
Holder Agreement in the form attached as EXHIBIT C.   (d) At the Closing,
the Stockholders who are managers of the Company will enter into employment
agreements with the Buyer in mutually-agreed form, which will include a
2-year no-relocation provision.   (e) At the Closing, the Stockholders
included in SCHEDULE 1.18(e) will enter into amendments to their existing
noncompetition agreements with the Company to extend the noncompetition
period to the later of (i) one year from termination of employment and (ii)
the second anniversary of the Effective Time.   (f) Prior to the Closing,
the Company and/or the Buyer will adopt one or more new stock option plan(s)
(the "NEW OPTION PLAN(S)") providing for vesting 25% at the end of one year
and monthly over the following 3 years and otherwise similar to the Buyer\'s
1999 Equity Incentive Plan and reasonably satisfactory to the Buyer, and
issue options thereunder, effective at the Effective Time, in an amount that
will convert in the Merger into options for approximately 300,000 shares of
Buyer Stock, with the exact number and allocation to be recommended by the
Chief Executive Officer of the Company and to be reasonably satisfactory
to the Chief Executive Officer of the Buyer.   4    1.19 ESCROW DEPOSIT.
Notwithstanding anything in this Section 2, a number of shares of Buyer Stock
equal to one-tenth of the number of shares of Buyer Stock into which the
Shares held by each stockholder of the Company immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be converted by virtue of the Merger shall be subject to
the Escrow Agreement. Certificates representing such Buyer Stock shall be
delivered to the escrow agent under the Escrow Agreement (the "ESCROW AGENT")
rather than the holder of Shares otherwise entitled thereto.   1.20
DISTRIBUTION FROM ESCROW   (a) Promptly after the Last Escrow Claim Date, as
that term is defined in the Escrow Agreement, the Holders\' Agent and the
Buyer shall sign a joint instruction pursuant to which the Escrow Agent will
distribute to the holders of Shares, pro rata in accordance with the shares
of Buyer Stock deposited by each with the Escrow Agent, the portion, if any,
of the amount then held under the Escrow Agreement against which the Buyer
has not made a claim.   (b) Promptly after resolution of any Buyer claims
under the Escrow Agreement, the Holders\' Agent and the Buyer will sign a
joint instruction pursuant to which the Escrow Agent will distribute to the
holders of Shares, pro rata in accordance with the shares of Buyer Stock
deposited by each with the Escrow Agent, their share, if any, and to the
Buyer its share, if any, of the amount released to the Stockholders and the
Buyer pursuant to such resolution.   (c) The provisions of this Section 1.20
are supplemented by the more detailed provisions of the Escrow
Agreement.  SECTION 2 TRANSACTIONAL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE
STOCKHOLDERS AND  THE COMPANY   A. The Stockholders and the Company
represent and warrant to the Buyer that, on and as of the date hereof:  
2.1 CAPITAL STOCK.   (a) The outstanding capital stock of the Company is as
follows:     SHARES  DESIGNATION OF CLASS OUTSTANDING  ~~   Common
Stock 9,337,500  Series A Preferred Stock 2,135,713  Series B Preferred
Stock 3,965,518  Series E Preferred Stock 666,667  Series F Preferred Stock
3,588,619  Series G Preferred Stock 3,000,000   The outstanding Shares of
each class and series are within the amounts authorized in the Company\'s
articles of incorporation. There is no capital stock of the Company
outstanding except as stated in this Section 2.1(a). The record and
beneficial owners to the outstanding capital stock state in this  
5   Section 2.1(a) are set forth in SCHEDULE 2.1. The outstanding Stock
Rights of the Company are as follows:      SHARES SUBJECT  CLASS OF TO
STOCK RIGHT  DESIGNATION OF STOCK RIGHT STOCK   ~~   Conversion Right of
Series A Common 2,135,713  Preferred Stock  Conversion Right of Series B
Common 3,965,518  Preferred Stock  Conversion Right of Series E Common
666,667  Preferred Stock  Conversion Right of Series F Common 3,588,619 
Preferred Stock  Conversion Right of Series G Common 3,000,000  Preferred
Stock  Options under the Company Common see Schedule  Existing Option Plan
2.1   There are no Stock Rights outstanding with respect to the Company
except as set forth in this Section 2.1(a), and the terms, and record and
beneficial owners, of such Stock Rights are as set forth in SCHEDULE 2.1.
Except as disclosed in SCHEDULE 2.1, the Company is not a party to any
stockholders agreement, registration rights agreement or other Contract with
respect to capital stock or Stock Right issued or to be issued by it.   (b)
All of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company has been duly
and validly authorized and issued and is fully paid and non-assessable, and
has not been issued in violation of any preemptive or similar rights of any
stockholder or any applicable securities law. Except as disclosed in SCHEDULE
2.1, no Person has any right to require the Company to redeem, purchase or
otherwise reacquire any capital stock issued by the Company or any Stock
Rights with respect to any capital stock issued by the Company. There are no
preemptive or similar rights in respect of any capital stock of the Company
except as set forth in SCHEDULE 2.1.   (c) Subject to the dividend
contemplated by Section 6.8, the Company has never declared or paid any
dividend or made any distribution in respect of any of its capital stock or
any Stock Rights with respect thereto, or, except as set forth in SCHEDULE
2.1, directly or indirectly redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired any of
the capital stock issued by it or any Stock Rights with respect thereto.  
2.2 ORGANIZATION; GOOD STANDING. The Company is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania and has all requisite corporate power and authority to own,
lease and operate its Properties and to conduct the Business as currently
conducted. The Company is not required to be qualified to do business as a
foreign corporation in any jurisdiction. The Company is not a partner in any
general or limited partnership or a member in any limited liability
company.   6    2.3. AUTHORITY. The Company has all requisite power and
authority under applicable corporate law to execute and deliver this
Agreement and to perform the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution
and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all requisite corporate
action on the part of the Company (subject to the vote or consent of its
stockholders approving the Merger and this Agreement) and no other approval
on the part of the Company is necessary under applicable corporate law for
the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.   2.4 NO
VIOLATION. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby (i) will not violate or conflict with
the articles of incorporation or by-laws of the Company, (ii) except as set
forth in SCHEDULE 2.4, do not require any Third-Party Action with respect to
the Company, (iii) do not violate any Legal Requirement or Order applicable
to the Company, (iv) do not conflict with or constitute a default under, or
result in the acceleration or right of acceleration of any obligations or the
termination or right of termination of any rights under any Contract to which
the Company is a party, and (v) will not result in the creation or imposition
of any Lien, claim, charge, restriction, equity or encumbrance of any kind
upon or give any Person any interest or right in or with respect to any
of the Properties, assets, business, agreements or Contracts of the
Company.   2.5 NO BROKERS, FINDERS, ETC. Neither the Company nor (with
respect to each Stockholder) such Stockholder has engaged any agent, broker,
finder or investment or commercial banker in connection with the negotiation,
execution or performance of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby, except the engagement of Chase HandQ; by the Company, whose terms of
engagement are fully and accurately set forth in SCHEDULE 2.5.   B. Each
Stockholder, with respect to itself, himself or herself only, hereby
represents and warrants to the Buyer that, on and as of the date hereof:  
2.6. POWER AND AUTHORITY. Such Stockholder has all requisite power
and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Stockholder
Agreement to perform the transactions contemplated hereby.   2.7 TITLE.
Such Stockholder is the sole record and beneficial owner of the shares of
Company stock set forth opposite such Stockholder\'s name on SCHEDULE 2.1.
Such shares are free and clear of all Third-Party Rights, and such
Stockholder has the full and unrestricted right, power and authority to vote
such shares in favor of, and have such shares participate in, the Merger.  
2.8 AUTHORITY; ENFORCEABILITY. Such Stockholder has full right and power and
all authorization and approval required by any Legal Requirement, and by any
Contract to which such Stockholder is a party to vote his, her or its shares
in favor of the Merger. The execution, delivery and performance of
this Agreement and the Stockholder Agreement by such Stockholder have been
duly authorized by all necessary action. This Agreement and the
Stockholder Agreement is each legally binding on and enforceable against such
Stockholder in accordance with its terms. The execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement and the Stockholder Agreement by such
Stockholder and the consummation by such Stockholder of all of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (x) do not violate any Legal
Requirement or Order applicable to such Stockholder and (y) do not conflict
with or constitute a default (with or without the giving of notice  
7   or the passage of time or both) under, or result in any acceleration or
right of acceleration of any obligations under, any Contract to which such
Stockholder is a party.   2.9 SECURITIES STATUS. Such Stockholder is
acquiring Buyer Stock under the terms of this Agreement for such
Stockholder\'s own account. Such Stockholder understands that the Buyer Stock
has not been registered under the Act by reason of its issuance or
contemplated issuance in a transaction exempt from the registration and
prospectus delivery requirements of the Act. Such Stockholder is an
"accredited investor," as that term is defined in Section 501(a) of
Regulation D of the Act.   2.10 TRANSFER AND ASSIGNMENT. Any transfer or
assignment of the Buyer Stock must be made in compliance with the Act and
applicable state securities laws, established to the reasonable satisfaction
of the Company. There are no agreements, refusal rights or arrangements of
any kind between such Stockholder and any other party that require such
Stockholder to offer or sell the Buyer Stock to any Person, whether in
connection with the transaction contemplated by this Agreement, any resale of
the Buyer Stock in the future or otherwise.   2.11 LEGENDS. Such Stockholder
understands that the certificate(s) evidencing the Buyer Stock may bear a
legend substantially as follows, if the Buyer Stock is issued pursuant to a
California Permit or under an S-4:   [if pursuant to a California Permit:
THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS  CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF  1933.] THE SHARES HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED IN A RULE 145
TRANSACTION, AS  DEFINED IN RULE 145 ISSUED BY THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE 
COMMISSION. THE SHARES MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED  OR
HYPOTHECATED ONLY IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE LIMITATIONS OF RULE 145, 
ESTABLISHED TO THE REASONABLE SATISFACTION OF THE COMPANY.  and any legend
required by any applicable state laws or regulations. If the Buyer Stock is
issued other than pursuant to a California Permit or an S-4 pursuant to
Section 7.11, such certificate(s) will be appropriately legended, as required
by applicable law.   2.12 TAX STATUS. Each Stockholder understands and
acknowledges that the qualification of the Merger as a reorganization under
Section 368(a)(2)(E) of the Code is dependent on a number of factors outside
the control of the Buyer. Each Stockholder confirms that he, she or it has
relied upon his, her or its own tax counsel, and not on the Buyer or any
representative of the Buyer, with respect to such qualification.  SECTION 3
BUSINESS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE STOCKHOLDERS AND THE 
COMPANY   The Stockholders and the Company represent and warrant to the
Buyer that, on and as of the date hereof:   3.1 SUBSIDIARIES, ETC. The
Company does not beneficially own any equity or debt interest (except as a
creditor in the ordinary course of business), direct or indirect, in any
Person.   8    3.2 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, ETC.   (a) FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS. SCHEDULE 3.2(a) contains copies of the audited consolidated
balance sheets and consolidated statements of operations and retained
earnings and of cash flows for the Company at and for each of the three years
ended December 31, 1997, December 31, 1998 and December 31, 1999 (the "LAST
FISCAL YEAR-END") (the "AUDITED STATEMENTS") and copies of the
unaudited consolidated balance sheets and consolidated statements of
operations for the Company at and for the period February 29, 2000 (the
"INTERIM STATEMENTS" and, together with the Audited Statements, the
"FINANCIAL STATEMENTS"). The Financial Statements fairly present the
consolidated financial condition of the Company at the dates indicated and
the consolidated results of operations and cash flows of the Company for the
periods indicated in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the
periods indicated (except as stated therein and, in the case of the Interim
Statements, for the absence of statements of retained earnings and cash flows
and footnotes and subject to normal, nonmaterial year-end adjustments).  
(b) HSR ACT. The balance sheet included in the Interim Statements is
the Company\'s last regularly prepared balance sheet within the meaning of
the HSR Act. The Company is its own ultimate parent entity within the meaning
of the HSR Act.   (c) CERTAIN INDEBTEDNESS. SCHEDULE 3.2(c) sets forth all
obligations of the Company and its Subsidiaries with respect to borrowed
money, debt securities, capitalized leases and the deferred payment of the
purchase price of property or services over an original term of 6 months or
more, and the Property of the Company, if any, subject to a Lien to secure
any of such obligations.   (d) ABSENCE OF CERTAIN LIABILITIES. The Company
has no liability or obligation of any nature, whether absolute, accrued,
contingent or otherwise, arising out of acts or omissions heretofore
occurring, or circumstances currently or heretofore existing, except: (i) as
expressly set forth in this Agreement (including without limitation
disclosures in the Schedules hereto); (ii) as accrued in the balance sheet
included in the Audited Statements or Interim Statements; (iii) for
liabilities and obligations incurred since the Last Fiscal Year-End in the
ordinary course of business consistent in nature and amount with past
practice; and (iv) liabilities and obligations of a kind not required to be
accrued in a balance sheet at the date hereof prepared in accordance with
GAAP which individually (or in the aggregate for related matters) will not
subject the Company to Damages in excess of $75,000.   (e) ABSENCE OF
CERTAIN CHANGES. Since the Last Fiscal Year-End, except as set forth in
SCHEDULE 3.2(e):   (i) The Company has operated its business in the ordinary
course.   (ii) There has been no material adverse change in the assets, 
business, liabilities, financial condition, results of operations or 
customer base of the Company.   (iii) There has not been any damage,
destruction or condemnation  known to the Company with respect to Property
having an aggregate net book  value on the Company\'s books in excess of
$75,000, net of any insurance  recoveries.   9    (iv) There has not
been any change in the accounting methods,  practices or principles of the
Company.   (v) The Company has not sold, transferred or otherwise disposed 
of (or agreed or committed to sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of) any 
Property other than the sale of inventory in the ordinary course, or 
canceled, compromised, released or assigned any debt or claim in its  favor,
where the aggregate amount of such sales, transfers, dispositions, 
cancellations, compromises, releases or assignments exceeds $75,000.   (vi)
The Company has not instituted, settled or agreed to settle  any litigation,
action or proceeding before any Governmental Agency.   (vii) The Company has
not assumed, guaranteed, endorsed or  otherwise become responsible (or
otherwise agreed to become responsible)  for the obligations of any other
Person, except for the endorsement of  negotiable instruments in the ordinary
course of business.   (viii) The Company has not granted (or agreed or
committed to grant)  any increase in compensation or fringe benefits other
than normal salary  increases consistent with prior periods and employment
offer letters  issued in the ordinary course of business.   3.3 TAXES.  
(a) The Company has properly completed and filed, within the time and in the
manner prescribed by law, all Tax returns and other documents required to
be filed in respect of all Taxes, and all such returns and other documents
are true, correct and complete, except for any nonfilings and errors which in
the aggregate will not result in Damages in excess of $75,000. The Company
has furnished to the Buyer copies of all income Tax returns of the Company
for the past four years. The Company has, within the time and in the manner
prescribed by law, paid all Taxes that are due and payable. The Company has
established reserves on its books that are adequate for the payment of all
Taxes not yet due and payable.   (b) (i) None of such returns contained a
disclosure statement under  Section 6662 of the Code or any similar provision
of foreign law;   (ii) The Company has not received written notice from any
federal  or foreign taxing authority asserting any deficiency against the
Company  or claim for additional Taxes in connection therewith, other than
any  deficiency or claim which has been previously settled or for which 
appropriate reserves are included in the Interim Statements;   (iii) The
Company has not received any notice of any pending  action, audit, proceeding
or investigation with respect to the assessment  or collection of federal or
foreign Taxes or a claim for refund made by  the Company with respect to
federal or foreign Taxes previously paid;   (iv) All amounts that are
required to be collected or withheld by  the Company with respect to federal
or foreign Taxes have been duly  collected or withheld, and all such  
10    amounts that are required to be remitted to any federal or foreign
taxing  authority have been duly remitted;   (v) No audit has been
conducted of any federal or foreign income  tax return filed by the Company.
The time during which such returns  remain open for examination has expired
in accordance with applicable  statute and regulations, except for those
returns for which the normally  applicable statutory/regulatory period has
not yet elapsed;   (vi) The Company has not requested nor been granted any
currently  effective waiver or extension of any statute of limitations with
respect  to the assessment or filing of any federal or foreign Tax or return
with  respect thereto;   (vii) No consent has been filed under Section
341(f) of the Code  with respect to the Company;   (viii) The Company is
not required to include in income any  adjustment pursuant to Section 481(a)
of the Code (or similar provisions  of foreign laws or regulations) by reason
of a change in accounting method  nor does the Company have any knowledge
that the Internal Revenue Service  (or other federal or foreign taxing
authority) has proposed, or is  considering, any such change in accounting
method; and   (ix) The Company is not a party to and is not bound by nor has
any  continuing obligation under any tax sharing or similar agreement or 
arrangement with any Person.   3.4 TITLE TO PROPERTIES.   (a) The Company
owns no real Property.   (b) SCHEDULE 3.4(b) is a true and complete summary
based on the books and records of the Company of all items of personal
Property owned by the Company with a net book value at the Last Fiscal Year-
End in excess of $7,500 per item.   (c) Except as set forth in SCHEDULE
3.4(c), the Company has good title to all of its Properties, in each case
free and clear of all Third-Party Rights.   (d) The Company owns all
material items of non-inventory tangible and intangible personal Property
that were owned as of the Last Fiscal Year-End and used in generating the
revenue shown in the last audited statement of operations of the Company for
the fiscal year ending on the Last Fiscal Year-End previously delivered to
the Buyer, subject to any sales or dispositions of tangible personal Property
since the Last Fiscal Year-End in the ordinary course of business.   3.5
INVENTORIES. Since the Last Fiscal Year-End, all sales of inventory have been
made in the ordinary course of business and no inventory has been pledged as
collateral.   3.6 ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE. The accounts receivable of the
Company (i) are bona fide and arose from valid sales in the ordinary course
of business in material conformity with all applicable Legal Requirements,
(ii) are valid and binding obligations of the debtors requiring no further
performance by the Company, and (iii) subject to the allowance for doubtful
accounts receivable in   11   the balance sheet included in the Interim
Statements, are fully collectible and not subject to any offsets or
counterclaims and do not represent guaranteed sale, sell-or-return
transactions or any other similar understanding. No accounts receivable have
been pledged as collateral to any Person. The amounts shown for accounts
receivable in the Financial Statements reflect an allowance for doubtful
accounts receivable in accordance with GAAP.   3.7 LEASES, ETC. SCHEDULE 3.7
lists all leases, rental agreements, conditional sales contracts and other
similar Contracts under which the Company leases (as lessor or lessee) any
real or personal Property with rental payments exceeding $15,000 per year
(collectively, the "DISCLOSABLE LEASES"). All Disclosable Leases are, in all
material respects, valid, in good standing and enforceable by the Company in
accordance with their terms. Neither the Company nor any other party to any
Disclosable Lease is in material breach thereof. The Company enjoys peaceable
possession of all real estate premises subject to Disclosable Leases to which
it is a party and to all personal Property subject to Disclosable Leases to
which it is a party.   3.8 FACILITIES, EQUIPMENT. The Company owns or leases
all material land, buildings and equipment used in the operation of its
business. The Company has not received any notice of any material violation
of any Legal Requirement or Order by the Company\'s facilities which has not
been corrected, and no facility of the Company is in material violation of
any Legal Requirement or Order.   3.9 INSURANCE. SCHEDULE 3.9 lists and
describes briefly all binders and policies of liability, theft, life, fire
and other forms of insurance and surety bonds, insuring the Company or any of
its Properties, assets and business as of the date hereof. All policies and
binders listed in SCHEDULE 3.9 are valid and in good standing and in full
force and effect and the premiums have been paid when due. Except for any
claims set forth in SCHEDULE 3.9, there are no outstanding unpaid claims
under such policy or binder, and, except as set forth in SCHEDULE 3.9, the
Company has not received any notice of cancellation, general disclaimer of
liability or non-renewal of any such policy or binder.   3.10 EMPLOYMENT AND
BENEFIT MATTERS.   (a) SCHEDULE 3.10(a) lists each of the following for each
employee of the Company: name, hire date, current salary and currently held
options (including the vesting schedule applicable to such options). None of
the employees listed on SCHEDULE 3.10(a) has given Company notice of his or
her intention to resign his or her position with the Company and Company has
no present intention to terminate such employees.   (b) SCHEDULE 3.10(b)
lists all of the following items which are applicable to the Company: (i)
employment Contracts with any employee, officer or director; and (ii)
Contracts or arrangements with any Person providing for bonuses, profit
sharing payments, deferred compensation, stock options, stock purchase
rights, retainer, consulting, incentive, severance pay or
retirement benefits, life, medical or other insurance, payments triggered by
a change in control or any other employee benefits or any other payments,
"fringe benefits" or perquisites which are not terminable at will without
liability to the Company or which are subject to ERISA. The contracts or
arrangements referred to in the foregoing clause (ii) are herein called
"BENEFIT PLANS."   12    (c) Neither the Company, nor any of its ERISA
Affiliates, has any union contracts, collective bargaining, union or labor
agreements or other Contract with any group of employees, labor union or
employee representative(s), nor has the Company or any ERISA Affiliate ever
participated in or contributed to any single employer defined benefit plan or
multi-employer plan within the meaning of ERISA Section 3(37), nor is the
Company currently engaged in any labor negotiations, excepting minor
grievances, nor is the Company the subject of any union organization effort.
The Company is in material compliance with applicable Legal Requirements
respecting employment and employment practices and terms and conditions of
employment, including without limitation health and safety and wages and
hours. No unfair labor practice complaint is pending against the Company
before the National Labor Relations Board or other Governmental Agency. There
is no labor dispute, strike, slowdown or work stoppage pending or threatened
against the Company.   (d) True and correct copies of each Benefit Plan
listed in SCHEDULE 3.10(b) that is subject to ERISA (a "COMPANY ERISA PLAN")
and related trust agreements, insurance contracts, and summary descriptions
have been delivered or made available to the Buyer by the Company. The
Company has also delivered or made available to the Buyer a copy of the two
most recently filed IRS Forms 5500, with attached financial statement and
accountant\'s opinion, if applicable, for each Company ERISA Plan. The
Company has also delivered or made available to the Buyer a copy of, in the
case of each Company ERISA Plan intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of
the Code, the most recent Internal Revenue Service letter as to its
qualification under Section 401(a) of the Code. Nothing has occurred prior to
or since the issuance of such letters to cause the loss of qualification
under the Code of any of such plans.   (e) None of the Company ERISA Plans
has participated in, engaged in or been a party to any prohibited transaction
as defined in ERISA or the Code, and there are no material claims pending or
overtly threatened, involving any Benefit Plan listed in SCHEDULE 3.10(b).
There have been no material violations of any reporting or disclosure
requirements with respect to any Company ERISA Plan.   (f) Neither the
Company nor any of its ERISA Affiliates has any liability for any excise tax
imposed by Section 4971, 4972, 4974, 4975, 4976, 4977, 4978, 4978B, 4979,
4979A, 4980 or 4980B of the Code.   (g) The Company and its ERISA Affiliates
do not maintain any plans providing benefits within the meaning of Section
3(1) of ERISA (other than group health plan continuation coverage under
Section 601 of ERISA and 4980B(f) of the Code) to former employees or
retirees.   3.11 CONTRACTS. Except as shown on SCHEDULES 3.7 and 3.11, and
except for Contracts fully performed or terminable at will without liability
to the Company (both before and after the Effective Time), the Company is not
a party to any Contract (i) which materially affects the Company, its
business, Properties, assets, operations or financial condition, (ii) which
contemplates performance by the Company during a remaining period of more
than one year (90 days in the case of any purchase Contract) or involves
remaining commitments for sale or purchase in excess of $62,500, (iii) under
which the rights or obligations of any party will change, accelerate,
terminate, vest or in any other way be affected by the consummation of the
Merger or (iv) in which any Affiliate of the Company has any direct or
indirect economic interest. True and complete copies of each Contract  
13   disclosable on SCHEDULE 3.11 (a "DISCLOSABLE CONTRACT") have been
delivered to the Buyer. Each Disclosable Contract is, in all material
respects, valid, in good standing and enforceable by the Company in
accordance with its terms. Neither the Company nor any other party to any
Disclosable Contract is in material breach thereof.   3.12 OFFICERS AND
DIRECTORS, ETC. SCHEDULE 3.12 is a true and complete list of:   (a) the
names of each of the Company\'s officers and directors;   (b) the name of
each bank or other financial institution in which the Company has an account,
deposit or safe deposit box and the names of all persons authorized to draw
thereon or to have access thereto; and   (c) the name of each bank or other
financial institution in which the Company has a line of credit or other loan
facility.   3.13 CORPORATE DOCUMENTS. The Company has furnished or made
available to the Buyer or its representatives true, correct and complete
copies of (i) the articles of incorporation and bylaws of the Company, (ii)
the minute books of the Company containing all records required to be set
forth of all proceedings, consents, actions and meetings of the stockholders
and board of directors of the Company; (iii) all material Permits and Orders
with respect to the Company and (iv) the stock transfer books of the Company
setting forth all transfers of any capital stock.   3.14 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS,
CLAIMS. There is no action, suit, proceeding or investigation pending in any
court or before any arbitrator or before or by any Governmental Agency
against the Company or any of its Properties or business, and no such action,
suit, proceeding or investigation currently threatened. The Company is not
currently subject to any claim by any Person, whether or not such claim
involves the threat of any action, suit, proceeding or investigation, other
than claims which in the aggregate do not exceed $50,000.   3.15 COMPLIANCE
WITH INSTRUMENTS, ORDERS AND LEGAL REQUIREMENTS. The Company is not in
material violation of, or in default in any material respect with respect to,
any term or provision of its articles of incorporation or bylaws, or any
Order or any Legal Requirement applicable to the Company.   3.16 PERMITS.
The Company holds all Permits material to the conduct of its business as and
where now conducted. There is not pending nor, threatened any proceedings to
terminate, revoke, limit or impair any material Permit.   3.17 INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY.   (a) Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 3.17(a), the Company or a
Subsidiary owns, solely and exclusively, and free and clear of any Third-
Party Right, all title to and rights in all Intellectual Property that are
used in the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries as currently
conducted (collectively, the "COMPANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY"). "INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY" means patents, patent rights, trademarks, trademark rights, trade
names, trade name rights, service marks, copyright registrations, copyrights,
and any applications for any of the foregoing, net lists, schematics,
industrial models, inventions, technology, know-how, trade secrets, computer
software programs or   14   applications (in both source code and object
code form), development documentation, programming tools, data, technical
information, and tangible or intangible proprietary information or
material.   (b) SCHEDULE 3.17(b) lists all patents, patent applications,
trademarks, trade names, service marks and copyrights included in the Company
Intellectual Property which have been registered, issued or applied for and
the jurisdictions in which such Company Intellectual Property right has been
issued, registered or applied for.   (c) SCHEDULE 3.17(c) lists (i) all
licenses, sublicenses and other agreements, written or unwritten, to which
the Company or any Subsidiary is a party and pursuant to which any Person is
authorized to use, resell, sublicense or market or distribute any Company
Intellectual Property, and (ii) all written, and all material unwritten,
licenses, sublicenses and other agreements to which the Company or any
Subsidiary is a party and pursuant to which the Company or any Subsidiary is
authorized to use, resell or distribute any third-party Intellectual
Property, including without limitation software, opensource, freeware,
shareware and hardware, (collectively, "THIRD-PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY")
which are incorporated in or are a part of any products which the Company or
any Subsidiary has sold, resold, licensed or sublicensed, or which
is material to the current operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
other than (in the case of Third-Party Intellectual Property used internally
only) readily-obtainable standard products with wide retail distribution. The
Company and each Subsidiary has, and at the relevant times in the past had,
all necessary rights to resell or distribute any hardware and software of a
third party which it resells or distributes or has resold or distributed.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in material violation of any
license, sublicense or agreement described in SCHEDULE 3.17(c). To the
knowledge of the Company, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, or any of
the products or operations of either, is in material violation of or
materially infringes any Third-Party Intellectual Property. Except as set
forth on SCHEDULE 3.17(c), neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has
received any claim that it has lost or will lose any rights of the Company or
any Subsidiary under any licenses to Third-Party Intellectual Property to
which the Company or such Subsidiary is a party. The execution and delivery
of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby will neither cause the Company or any Subsidiary to be in
violation or default under any such license, sublicense or agreement nor
entitle any other party to any such license, sublicense or agreement to
terminate or modify such license, sublicense or agreement. Except as listed
on SCHEDULE 3.17(c), neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has assigned or
licensed to any third party any right, title or interest in the Company
Intellectual Property. Except as listed on SCHEDULE 3.17(c), neither the
Company nor any Subsidiary is contractually obligated to pay any compensation
to any third party for the use of the Company Intellectual Property or the
Third-Party Intellectual Property.   (d) To the Company\'s knowledge, there
is no material unauthorized use, disclosure, infringement or misappropriation
of any Company Intellectual Property or any Third-Party Intellectual Property
licensed by or through the Company by any third party, including without
limitation any employee or former employee of the Company or any Subsidiary.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has entered into any agreement to
indemnify any other person against any charge of infringement of any Third-
Party Intellectual Property, other than indemnification provisions contained
in purchase orders arising in the ordinary course of business.   (e) To the
Company\'s knowledge, all patents, registered trademarks, registered service
marks and registered copyrights held by the Company and its Subsidiaries are
valid and subsisting.   15   To the Company\'s knowledge, there is no
assertion or claim (or basis therefor) challenging the validity of any
Company Intellectual Property. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has
been sued in any suit, action or proceeding, or otherwise notified of any
claim, which involves a claim of infringement of any patent, trademark,
service mark, copyright or violation of any trade secret or other proprietary
right of any third party. To the Company\'s knowledge neither the conduct of
the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries as currently conducted nor
the manufacture, sale, licensing or use of any of the products of the Company
and its Subsidiaries as now manufactured, sold or licensed or used, infringes
on or conflicts with, in any way, any trademark, trademark right, trade name,
trade name right, service mark or copyright, or, to the Company\'s knowledge,
any patent, patent right, industrial model or invention, of any third party
that individually or in the aggregate has or is reasonably likely to have a
Material Adverse Effect. To the Company\'s knowledge and except as set
forth on SCHEDULE 3.17(e), no third party is challenging the ownership by the
Company nor any Subsidiary, or the validity or effectiveness of, any of the
Company Intellectual Property. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has
brought any action, suit or proceeding for infringement of Company
Intellectual Property or breach of any license or agreement involving Company
Intellectual Property against any third party. There are no pending, or to
the Company\'s knowledge, threatened interference, re-examinations,
oppositions or nullities involving any patents, patent rights or applications
therefor of the Company or any Subsidiary. Except as set forth on SCHEDULE
3.17(e), to the Company\'s knowledge, there is no breach or violation by a
third party of, or actual or threatened, loss of rights under, any licenses
to which the Company is a party.   (f) Except as set forth in SCHEDULE
3.17(f), the Company or a Subsidiary has secured written assignments from all
current and former consultants and employees who contributed to the creation
or development of the Company Intellectual Property currently being provided
or marketed to customers or currently being used by the Company or a
Subsidiary of the rights to such contributions that the Company or such
Subsidiary does not already own by operation of law, recognizing the
Company\'s or Subsidiary\'s ownership of all such Company Intellectual
Property and agreeing to hold such of it as is not protected by patents,
patent applications or copyright ("CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION") in confidence
and not to use any Confidential Information except in connection with such
consultant\'s or employee\'s work for the Company or a Subsidiary.   (g)
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has taken all
commercially reasonable steps to protect and preserve the confidentiality of
all Confidential Information. Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 3.17(g), all
use, disclosure or appropriation of Confidential Information by or to a third
party has been pursuant to the terms of a written confidentiality or
nondisclosure agreement between the Company or any Subsidiary and such third
party. SCHEDULE 3.17(g) lists all such agreements currently in effect.  
(h) SCHEDULE 3.17(h) lists (including names, addresses, contact
names, telephone numbers and termination date and next renewal date) of all
Contracts or other arrangements currently in effect pursuant to which the
Company or any Subsidiary is obligated to provide installation, maintenance
or other support services (collectively, the "SUPPORT AGREEMENTS"). Except
for any nonstandard maintenance agreements specified as such in SCHEDULE
3.17(h), all of the Support Agreements are in all material respects in the
form of the license agreement identified as the standard maintenance
agreement set forth in SCHEDULE 3.17(h). The versions of the products
currently supported by the Company are set forth in SCHEDULE 3.17(h).  
16    (i) There are no material defects in the Company\'s products, and
there are no material errors in any documentation, specifications, manuals,
user guides, promotional material, internal notes and memos, technical
documentation, drawings, flow charts, diagrams, source language statements,
demo disks, benchmark test results, and other written materials related to,
associated with or used or produced in the development of the Company\'s or
its Subsidiaries\' products, which defects or errors have or are reasonably
like to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect.   (j) SCHEDULE 3.17(j) lists, as of the date hereof, all
written agreements or other arrangements under which the Company or any
Subsidiary has provided or agreed to provide source code of the Company or
any Subsidiary or any other Company Intellectual Property to any third
Person, whether pursuant to escrow arrangements or otherwise.   (k) The
Company has made available to the Buyer copies of the Company\'s standard
forms of end-user licenses. Except as disclosed in SCHEDULE 3.17(k) (which
describes the material variations from the standard form of end-
user license), as of the date hereof, Company has not entered into any end-
user licenses which contain terms materially different than as set forth in
the standard forms of such agreements made available to Purchaser.   (l) No
government funding or university or college facilities were used in the
development of any product currently marketed or currently proposed to
be marketed, and no such product was developed pursuant to any contract or
other agreement with any Person except pursuant to contracts or agreements
listed in SCHEDULE 3.17(l).   (m) The Company categorizes warranty claims
against it as critical and non-critical. There have been no critical warranty
claims related to products currently or previously marketed by the Company
that are pending or were made within the past twelve months. Except as set
forth in SCHEDULES 3.17(c) AND 3.17(m), to the knowledge of the Company, the
Company has not made any material oral or written representations or
warranties with respect to its products or services.   3.18 CAPITAL
EXPENDITURES. SCHEDULE 3.18 sets forth, by nature and amount, all capital
expenditures of the Company in excess of $10,000 individually for which
commitments have been or are budgeted to be made, or for which payments or
current liabilities have been made or incurred or are budgeted to be made or
incurred, after the Last Fiscal Year-End. The aggregate amount of capital
expenditures of $10,000 or less individually so committed or budgeted (other
than workstations acquired in the ordinary course of business for
new employees) does not exceed $50,000.   3.19 ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS. There
are no Hazardous Materials used or present at any location used by the
Company in the conduct of the Business, except for any Hazardous Materials
constituting normal office supplies. To the knowledge of the Company, no
location currently or previously used by the Company is contaminated by any
Hazardous Material, and no event has occurred and no activity has been or is
being conducted by the Company or any other Person which has resulted or
could reasonably result in contamination of any location currently or
previously used by the Company by any Hazardous Material. To the knowledge of
the Company, no Government Agency has commenced any investigation or
proceeding with respect to the contamination of any location currently
or previously used by the Company by any Hazardous Material.   17   
3.20 ILLEGAL PAYMENTS. To the knowledge of the Company, none of the Company
or any director, officer, employee, or agent of the Company has, directly or
indirectly, paid or delivered any fee, commission, or other sum of money or
item of property however characterized to any broker, finder,
agent, government official, or other person, in the United States or any
other country, in any manner related to the business or operations of the
Company, which the Company or any such director, officer, employee, or agent
knows or has reason to believe to have been illegal under any law.   3.21
CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS. The Company is not in possession of any
information, documents or materials under an obligation of confidentiality or
non-use to any other Person other than pursuant to a Contract described
in SCHEDULE 3.11. To the knowledge of the Company, the conduct of the
Business as presently conducted does not violate or conflict with the
obligation of confidentiality or non-use to any other Person.   3.22
AFFILIATE TRANSACTIONS. SCHEDULE 3.22 lists all transactions since the
Company\'s inception, and all obligations currently in effect
(whenever arising), between the Company or any subsidiary of the Company on
the one hand and any Affiliate of the Company or any Person related to an
Affiliate of the Company by blood or marriage on the other hand.   3.23
INFORMATION PROVIDED. The information supplied in writing to the Buyer or its
advisors by the Company and the Stockholders for inclusion in the application
for issuance of a California permit under Section 25142 of the California
Corporations Code (the "CALIFORNIA PERMIT") shall not, at the time the
fairness hearing is held pursuant to such Section and the time
the qualification of such securities is effective under such Section contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. The information supplied by the Company and the Stockholders for
inclusion in any Registration Statement shall not, on the date the
Registration Statement is filed, at the time such holders vote or consent to
the Merger and at the Effective Time, contain any statement which, at such
time, is false or misleading with respect to any material fact, or omit to
state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not false
or misleading; or omit to state any material fact necessary to correct any
previously communicated statement which has become false or misleading. The
information supplied by the Company and the Stockholders for inclusion in any
information statement or information statement/prospectus (the "INFORMATION
STATEMENT") to be sent to the holders of Shares in connection with such
holders\' consideration of the Merger shall not, on the date the Information
Statement is first mailed to such holders, at the time such holders vote or
consent to the Merger and at the Effective Time, contain any statement which,
at such time, is false or misleading with respect to any material fact, or
omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements
made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not
false or misleading; or omit to state any material fact necessary to correct
any previously communicated statement which has become false or misleading.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Company nor any Stockholder makes
any representation, warranty or covenant with respect to any information
supplied by the Buyer or Merger Sub that is contained in such permit
application or such information statement.   18    3.24 REPRESENTATIONS.
No representation or warranty by the Company in this Agreement, or in any
document furnished by the Company pursuant hereto contains any untrue
statement of a material fact or omits to state a fact necessary to make the
statements contained herein and therein not misleading.  SECTION 4
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER   The Buyer hereby represents and
warrants to the Stockholders and the Company that, on and as of the date
hereof:   4.1 ORGANIZATION, STANDING, ETC. OF BUYER AND MERGER SUB. The
Buyer is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the State of Delaware. The Merger Sub is a corporation duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State
of Pennsylvania. The Buyer and Merger Sub have full power and authority
under applicable corporate law to own, lease and operate their Properties and
to carry on the business in which they are engaged.   4.2 AUTHORITY;
ENFORCEABILITY. The Buyer and Merger Sub have all necessary power and
authority under applicable corporate law to execute, deliver and perform
their obligations under this Agreement. The execution, delivery
and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby by the Buyer and Merger Sub has been duly
authorized by all necessary action under applicable corporate law and no
other approvals are required. This Agreement is legally binding on and
enforceable against the Buyer and Merger Sub in accordance with its terms.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Buyer and
Merger Sub and the consummation by the Buyer and Merger Sub of all of the
transactions contemplated hereby, (w) will not violate or conflict with the
certificate or articles of incorporation or bylaws of the Buyer or Merger
Sub, (x) do not require any Third-Party Action relating to the Buyer or
Merger Sub except those listed on SCHEDULE 4.2, (y) do not violate any Legal
Requirement or Order applicable to the Buyer or Merger Sub and (z) do not
conflict with or constitute a default (with or without the giving of notice
or the passage of time or both) under, or result in any acceleration or right
of acceleration of any obligations under, any Contract to which the Buyer or
Merger Sub is a party, where, in each case, the absence of such Third-Party
Action or such violation, conflict, default or acceleration would in any way
adversely affect the transactions contemplated hereby.   4.3 SEC
INFORMATION. As of their respective filing dates (except as thereafter
amended) all documents that the Buyer has filed with the SEC (the "BUYER SEC
DOCUMENTS") have complied in all material respects with the applicable
requirements of the Act or the Exchange Act, and none of the Buyer SEC
Documents has contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order
to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading except to the extent corrected by a
subsequently filed Buyer SEC Document.   4.4 INFORMATION PROVIDED. The
information supplied in writing by the Buyer for inclusion in the application
for issuance of the California Permit will not, at the time the fairness
hearing is held pursuant to such Section and the time the qualification of
such securities is effective under such Section contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein with respect to
such   19   information, in light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading. The information supplied by the Buyer for
inclusion in any Registration Statement shall not, on the date the
Registration Statement is filed, at the time such holders vote or consent to
the Merger and at the Effective Time, contain any statement which, at such
time, is false or misleading with respect to any material fact with respect
to such information, or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to
make the statements made therein with respect to such information, in light
of the circumstances under which they are made, not false or misleading; or
omit to state any material fact necessary to correct any previously
communicated statement with respect to such information which has become
false or misleading. The information supplied by the Buyer for inclusion in
the Information Statement shall not, on the date the Information Statement is
first mailed to such holders, at the time such holders vote or consent to the
Merger and at the Effective Time, contain any statement which, at such time,
is false or misleading with respect to any material fact with respect to such
information, or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make
the statements made therein with respect to such information, in light of the
circumstances under which they are made, not false or misleading; or omit to
state any material fact necessary to correct any previously communicated
statement with respect to such information which has become false or
misleading. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Buyer nor Merger Sub
makes any representation, warranty or covenant with respect to any
information supplied by the Company or the Stockholders that is contained in
such permit application, Registration Statement or Information
Statement.  SECTION 5 CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF BUYER AT CLOSING   The
obligations of the Buyer hereunder to be performed at the Closing are subject
to the satisfaction at or prior to the Closing of the following conditions,
except for any condition the Buyer may waive in writing in accordance with
Section 8.3.   5.1 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.   (a) The
representations and warranties contained in Section 2 shall have been true on
the date of this Agreement and shall be true at and as of immediately prior
to the Closing with the same effect as though made at and as of immediately
prior to the Closing, subject to the right of the Company to update schedules
to disclose developments between the date hereof and the Closing Date which
are not materially adverse.   (b) The representations and warranties
contained in Section 3 which are qualified as to materiality or a specified
dollar amount shall have been true on the date of this Agreement and shall be
true at and as of immediately prior to the Closing with the same effect as
though made at and as of immediately prior to the Closing, subject to the
right of the Company to update schedules to disclose developments between the
date hereof and the Closing Date which are not materially adverse.   (c)
The representations and warranties contained in Section 3 which are not
qualified as to materiality or a specified dollar amount shall have been true
in all material respects on the date of this Agreement and shall be true
in all material respects at and as of immediately prior to the Closing with
the same effect as though made at and as of immediately prior to the
Closing, subject to the right of the Company to update schedules to disclose
developments between the date hereof and the Closing Date which are not
materially adverse.   20    5.2 CLOSING CERTIFICATE. Each Stockholder and
the Company shall have delivered to the Buyer his, her or its certificate
dated the date of the Closing that the conditions specified in Section 5.1
are satisfied. Such certificate shall be deemed a representation and warranty
of the Stockholder and the Company under Sections 2 and 3 for all purposes of
this Agreement.   5.3 PERFORMANCE. The Stockholders and the Company shall
have performed and complied in all material respects with all covenants
required herein to be performed or complied with by them or it on or before
the Closing.   5.4 THIRD-PARTY ACTION. All Third-Party Action required in
order to consummate the Closing on the terms hereof shall have been taken,
except to the extent that the failure to secure such Third Party Action will
not, in the Buyer\'s business judgment, materially adversely affect the
operations, results of operations, value or liabilities of the Company
following the Effective Time.   5.5 OPINION OF COUNSEL. The Buyer shall have
received from Morgan, Lewis and Bockius, LLP, counsel to the Company and the
Stockholders, an opinion dated the date of the Closing, in form and substance
customary for similar transactions.   5.6 TRANSACTIONAL LITIGATION. No
action, suit or proceeding before any Governmental Agency shall have been
commenced, and no investigation by any Governmental Agency shall have been
commenced or overtly threatened, against the Company, the Buyer, Merger Sub,
or any of their respective principals, officers, directors or shareholders
seeking to restrain, prevent or change the transactions contemplated hereby
or questioning the validity or legality of any of such transactions or
seeking damages in connection with any of such transactions other than the
exercise of Dissenters\' Rights.   5.7 INTERIM EVENTS. None of the events
listed in Sections 7.9(a) through (h) shall have occurred.   5.8 MANAGEMENT
CHANGES. No change in the chief executive officer of the Company shall have
occurred from the date hereof.   5.9 EQUITY HOLDER AGREEMENTS. The
individuals designated in SCHEDULE 5.9 shall have entered into Equity Holder
Agreements in the form attached as EXHIBIT C.   5.10 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS.
The individuals designated in SCHEDULE 5.9 shall have entered into employment
agreements with the Buyer as provided in Section 1.18(d).   5.11
NONCOMPETITION AGREEMENTS. The individuals designated in SCHEDULE 5.11 shall
have entered into amendments to their existing noncompetition agreements with
the Company to extend the noncompetition period to the later of (i) one year
from termination of employment and (ii) the second anniversary of the
Effective Time.   5.12 KEY CUSTOMERS. No material adverse change shall have
occurred since December 31, 1999 in the current or prospective business
relationships between the Company and any of the following customers:
BetaResearch and Golden Channels.   21    5.13 STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL. The
Stockholders shall have approved the Merger and no Stockholders entitled to
vote thereon shall have filed notices of intention to dissent which would
result in cash payment, at the Average Price, of more than $12,000,000.  
5.14 EMPLOYEES. Not less than 90% of the technical employees and key non-
technical employees of the Company as of the date hereof (other than any
who die or become long-term disabled) shall have signed and delivered
letters satisfactory to Buyer confirming their intention to continue their
employment with the Surviving Corporation following the Merger. If the Merger
has not been consummated within 75 days after the date hereof, the Company
and the Buyer will discuss and seek to mutually agree on an appropriate
adjustment to the 90% retention rate to reflect normal attrition.   5.15
TERMINATION OF AGREEMENTS. All agreements between the Company and its
stockholders, or among its stockholders, relating to registration
rights, first refusal or first offer rights, pre-emptive or percentage
maintenance rights, co-sale rights and similar rights shall have terminated
on or before the Effective Time in accordance with their terms or a
termination agreement reasonably satisfactory to the Buyer.   5.16
CORPORATE AND OTHER PROCEEDINGS. All corporate and other proceedings on the
part of the Company and the Stockholders in connection with the transactions
to be consummated at the Closing, and all documents and instruments incident
to such transactions, shall be reasonably satisfactory in substance and form
to the Buyer.  SECTION 6 CONDITIONS TO STOCKHOLDERS\' AND COMPANY\'S
OBLIGATIONS AT CLOSING   The obligations of the Stockholders and the Company
hereunder to be performed at the Closing are subject to the satisfaction at
or prior to the Closing of the following conditions, except for any condition
the Holders\' Agent may waive in accordance with Section 8.3.   6.1
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The representations and warranties of the
Buyer contained in Section 4 shall have been true in all material respects on
the date of this Agreement and shall be true in all material respects at and
as of immediately prior to the Closing with the same effect as though made at
and as of immediately prior to the Closing.   6.2 CLOSING CERTIFICATE. The
Buyer shall have delivered to the Company a certificate dated the date of the
Closing that the conditions specified in Section 6.1 are satisfied, and that
the Buyer has not been affected by any material adverse change since the date
of this Agreement. Such certificate shall be deemed a representation and
warranty of the Buyer under Sections 4 for all purposes of this
Agreement.   6.3 PERFORMANCE. The Buyer and Merger Sub shall have performed
and complied in all material respects with all covenants required herein to
be performed or complied with by the Buyer and Merger Sub on or before the
Closing.   6.4 THIRD-PARTY ACTION. All Third-Party Action required in order
to consummate the Closing on the terms hereof, other than any the absence of
which in the aggregate would not have a material effect on the
transactions contemplated hereby, shall have been taken.   22    6.5
OPINION OF COUNSEL. The Stockholders and the Company shall have received at
the Closing from McCutchen, Doyle, Brown and Enersen, LLP, counsel to the Buyer
and Merger Sub, an opinion dated the date of the Closing, in form
and substance customary for similar transactions.   6.6 TRANSACTIONAL
LITIGATION. No action, suit or proceeding before any Governmental Agency
shall have been commenced, and no investigation by any Governmental Agency
shall have been commenced or overtly threatened, against the Company, the
Buyer, Merger Sub or any of their respective principals, officers, directors
or stockholders seeking to restrain, prevent or change the transactions
contemplated hereby or questioning the validity or legality of any of such
transactions or seeking damages in connection with any of such transactions
other than Dissenters\' Rights.   6.7 DIVIDEND. The Company shall have
distributed to the holders of Shares a cash dividend in an amount equal to
the excess, if any, immediately prior to the Effective Time, of the
Company\'s cash and cash equivalents over $1,000,000.   6.8 STOCKHOLDER
APPROVAL. With respect to the Company\'s closing obligations only, the Merger
shall have been approved by not less than a majority of the Shares entitled
to vote thereon.   6.9 LISTING. The Buyer Stock to be issued in the Merger
shall have been duly listed for trading on the Nasdaq National Market
System.   6.10 CORPORATE AND OTHER PROCEEDINGS. All corporate and
other proceedings on the part of the Buyer and Merger Sub in connection with
the transactions to be consummated at the Closing, and all documents and
instruments incident to such transactions, shall be reasonably satisfactory
in substance and form to the Company.   6.11 TAX OPINION. The Company and
its stockholders shall have received an opinion, reasonably satisfactory in
form and substance to the Company, as to the qualification of the Merger
under Section 368(a)(2(E) of the Code from Morgan, Lewis and Bockius LLP or
another similarly-qualified law firm.   6.12 PERMIT OR REGISTRATION. The
California Permit shall have been issued or a registration statement on the
form determined pursuant to Section 7.11 shall have become
effective.  SECTION 7 COVENANTS   7.1 NON-DISCLOSURE. Each party agrees
not to divulge or communicate, or use for any purpose other than evaluating
this transaction or exercising rights as a party hereto, any information or
materials concerning this Agreement, the negotiation between the parties
hereto and the transactions contemplated hereby, except to the extent that
such information (w) is or hereafter becomes lawfully obtainable from other
sources, (x) is required to be disclosed to a Governmental Agency having
jurisdiction over the party or its Affiliates, (y) is otherwise required by
law to be disclosed or (z) is disclosed following a waiver in writing from
the other parties. Promptly after the Effective Time, the Buyer and the
Company will issue a mutually agreeable press release concerning
the transactions contemplated hereby. The parties also hereby ratify and
confirm the Mutual Nondisclosure Agreement dated March 8, 2000, which shall
continue in effect.   23    7.2 SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES, INDEMNIFICATION.   (a) SURVIVAL. All representations and
warranties made under Section 2, 3 or 4 shall survive the Closing, for one
year in the case of Section 3, and any investigation with respect thereto by
an authorized party. Following the Closing, however, the Company shall have
no liability with respect to any representation or warranty and shall not be
subject to any contribution, indemnity or similar claims with respect thereto
by any Stockholder or any other Person. For purposes of this Section 7.2,
such representations and warranties will be deemed amended by any schedule
update delivered by the Company pursuant to Sections 5.1 (a), (b) and (c),
and by any additional written disclosure by the Company expressly making an
exception to a specified representation or warranty, which additional
disclosure is acknowledged and accepted in writing by the Buyer prior to the
Effective Time (it being understood that the Buyer shall have complete
discretion whether or not to acknowledge and accept any such additional
disclosure which is materially adverse).   (b) REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES IN SECTION 3. In the event of any misrepresentation or breach of
warranty in Section 3 (it being agreed that for purposes of determining the
existence of any such misrepresentation, all such representations, warranties
or covenants of the Stockholders and the Company that are qualified as to
materiality or as to a specified threshold or minimum amounts shall be deemed
to be not so qualified), the Buyer shall be entitled to recover the related
Recoverable Amount solely from the Escrow Account, provided that (i) the
Buyer gives notice of such misrepresentation or breach in accordance with the
Escrow Agreement, in reasonable detail, specifying the amount of the claim,
on or before 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time on the Last Escrow Claim Date, it being
understood that no recovery may be had against the Escrow Account with
respect to any claim which is not the subject of such a notice given by such
time, and (ii) the Buyer shall not be entitled to any such recovery unless
the aggregate Recoverable Amount for all claims made under this Section
7.2(b) exceeds $350,000, in which event the Buyer may recover from the Escrow
Account the entire Recoverable Amount.   "RECOVERABLE AMOUNT" means Damages,
if any, proximately resulting to the Buyer on account of any
misrepresentation, breach of warranty or breach of covenant.   The Company,
the Stockholders, any Affiliate of the Company or any Affiliate of the
Stockholders shall not have any liability or obligation of any kind to the
Buyer, or any other Person on account of the subject matter of
any representation or warranty made in Section 3, except from the Escrow
Account as stated in this Section 7.2. Notwithstanding anything in this
Section 7.2, any liability or obligation resulting from fraud or willful
misconduct shall not be subject to any of the limitations or thresholds
stated in this Section 7.2(b).   (c) PRE-CLOSING TAXES, BROKERAGE, EXPENSES.
The Buyer shall be entitled to recover against the Escrow Account for Damages
to it resulting from (i) the failure of the Company to pay Taxes required to
be paid or accrued under GAAP on or before the Closing or (ii) any claim by
any broker, finder or similar person claiming through the Company or any
Stockholder for any broker\'s fee, finder\'s fee, commission or similar
amount, other than as set forth in SCHEDULE 2.5 or (iii) any other
transaction expenses incurred by the Company in addition to those set forth
in the second sentence of Section 8.2.   24    (d) INDIVIDUAL
TRANSACTIONAL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE STOCKHOLDERS. Each
Stockholder individually, for himself, herself or itself only, hereby agrees
to indemnify, defends and hold the Buyer harmless against Damages resulting
from breaches by him, her or it of the representations and warranties in part
B of Section 2. Without limitation on other remedies available to the Buyer,
amounts recoverable against individual Stockholders pursuant to this Section
7.2(d) shall first be asserted against the individual Stockholder\'s
entitlement to distributions from the Escrow Account.   (e) LIMITATIONS.
Nothing in this Section 7.2 shall limit the indemnification available to the
Buyer and the Stockholders under Sections 7.11, if applicable.   7.3
DISPUTED AND THIRD-PARTY CLAIMS.(a) If the Buyer shall give notice of a claim
in accordance with Section 7.2, and the Buyer and the Holders\' Agent do not
resolve such matter by written agreement within 45 days after such notice is
given, the dispute will be settled exclusively by arbitration before a
single arbitrator appointed by the American Arbitration Association. The
Buyer and the Holders\' Agent shall each bear their own expenses (including
without limitation the fees and expenses of legal counsel and accountants) in
connection with such arbitration. The arbitral award shall allocate the
arbitrator\'s fees and expenses according to the relative success of the
Buyer and the Holders\' Agent in the arbitration, as determined by the
arbitrator.   (b) To the extent a claim by the Buyer under Section 7.2
relates to a claim asserted against a party to this Agreement (other than to
enforce this Agreement) (a "THIRD-PARTY CLAIM") and the Buyer gives notice of
the assertion of the Third-Party Claim, then the Holders\' Agent will have
the option, exercisable by written notice to the Buyer within 20 days after
receipt of the Buyer\' notice, to control the defense of such Third-Party
Claim. All expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys\' fees)
incurred by the Holders\' Agent in connection with their assumption of
control of the defense of a Third-Party Claim shall be paid by the Holders\'
Agent from the sources specified in the Escrow Agreement. If the Holders\'
Agent has not assumed the defense of a Third- Party Claim, then the Buyer
shall have the right to control the defense of the Third-Party Claim, and the
expenses reasonably incurred by the Buyer in connection with such defense
shall be recoverable as part of the underlying claim on the same basis and
subject to the same limitations as stated in Section 7.2 and this
Section.   (c) The party controlling the defense may use counsel selected by
it, but if the other party reasonably objects (within 20 days after
designation of counsel initially selected) on account of such counsel\'s
representation or potential representation of the designating party in
matters in which the Buyer\' and the Stockholders\' or the Company\'s
interests are adverse or potentially adverse, the designating party shall
select other counsel free of any such adverse representation. The party
controlling the defense shall have the right, in its discretion exercised in
good faith and upon the advice of counsel, to settle such matter, either
before or after the initiation of litigation, at such time and upon such
terms as they deem fair and reasonable, PROVIDED that (i) at least 10 days\'
prior notice shall be given to the other party of the intention to settle the
Third-Party Claim, (ii) no settlement by the controlling party shall include
any equitable relief binding on the noncontrolling party, and (iii) the
controlling party shall not agree to any settlement of such Third- Party
Claim without the prior written consent of the other party, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The noncontrolling party will
have the right to be represented by counsel, solely at its own expense. The
controlling party shall keep the other party advised of the status of the
Third-Party Claim and the   25   defense thereof and shall consider in
good faith recommendations made by the other party with respect thereto.  
(d) Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, arbitration under Section 7.3(a)
of a claim by the Buyer with respect to a Third-Party Claim shall be deferred
until the resolution of the Third-Party Claim.   7.4 TERMINATION OF THIS
AGREEMENT. If any condition of the Closing stated in Section 5 is not
satisfied on or before July 15, 2000 (if the California Permit has been
issued on or before July 1, 2000) or October 15, 2000 (in all other cases),
then, provided the Buyer is not in material default hereunder, the Buyer may
at any time thereafter terminate any further obligations under this Agreement
by giving written notice thereof to the Company and the Holders\' Agent. If
any condition of the Closing stated in Section 6 is not satisfied on or
before such date, then, provided the Company and the Stockholders are not in
material default hereunder, the Company and the Holders\' Agent may at any
time thereafter terminate any further obligations under this Agreement by
giving written notice thereof to the Buyer. Any such termination will not,
however, terminate or otherwise affect the obligations of the parties under
Sections 7.1 or 8.1. This Agreement may be so terminated, or terminated by
mutual agreement of the parties upon the authorization of their
respective boards of directors, notwithstanding approval of this Agreement by
the stockholders of any or all parties.   7.5 REASONABLE BUSINESS EFFORTS,
NO INCONSISTENT ACTION. Each party will use its, his or her reasonable
business efforts to cause the conditions over which it has control to be
satisfied on or before the Closing. No party will take any action which will
foreseeably result in the nonsatisfaction of any condition stated in Section
5 or 6 on or before the Closing.   7.6 ACCESS. Between the date of this
Agreement and the Closing or any earlier termination of this Agreement in
accordance with its terms, the Company will (i) give the Buyer and its
authorized representatives access to its books, records, Properties,
officers, attorneys and accountants and permit the Buyer to make inspections
and copies of such books and records, and (ii) furnish the Buyer with such
financial information and operating data and other information with respect
to its business and Properties, and to discuss with the Buyer and its
authorized representative its affairs, all as the Buyer may from time to time
reasonably request for the purposes of this Agreement, during normal
office hours. Any on-site visit shall be subject to reasonable advance notice
and to being accompanied by an officer or designated employee of the
Company.   7.7 NO SOLICITATION OR NEGOTIATION. The Company and the
Stockholders agree that, between the date of this Agreement and the Closing
or any earlier termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms,
they will not (and will not permit any person or entity which they control
to) seek or entertain, or negotiate any terms of, a Strategic Transaction
with any party other than the Buyer and its affiliates, or give any
information concerning its business to any such party, or enter into any
agreement inconsistent with the proposed transaction with the Buyer. A
"STRATEGIC TRANSACTION" means (i) any form of acquisition, direct or
indirect, whether by purchase, merger, stock sale (primary or secondary),
reinsurance or any other structure, of any significant (15% or greater in the
aggregate) portion of the Company\'s consolidated business or a significant
(15% or greater in the aggregate) equity interest therein, (ii) any
arrangement whereby effective operating control of the
Company\'s consolidated business or a portion thereof is granted to another
party or (iii) any transaction involving the recapitalization,
restructuring, liquidation, dissolution or other   26   similar type of
transaction involving the Company. During such period, the Company will
promptly notify the Buyer of the content and identity of any proposal or
communication it receives from any such person concerning any Strategic
Transaction.   7.8 INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION. The Company will supply to
the Buyer unaudited consolidated monthly financial statements within 30
business days of the end of each month ending between the date of this
Agreement and the Closing or any earlier termination of this Agreement in
accordance with its terms, prepared on a basis consistent with the unaudited
consolidated financial statements for the preceding months, together with
additional monthly reports substantially in the form heretofore delivered to
the Company\'s Board of Directors. For purposes of these statements, employee
bonuses and similar expenses may be accrued based on actual results for the
year to date and budgeted results for the balance of the year.   7.9
INTERIM CONDUCT OF BUSINESS. From the date of this Agreement until the
Closing or any earlier termination of this Agreement in accordance with
its terms, unless approved by the Buyer in writing, the Company will operate
its business consistently with past practice and in the ordinary course of
business, and will not:   (a) merge or consolidate with or agree to merge
or consolidate  with, or sell or agree to sell all or substantially all of
its Property  to, or purchase or agree to purchase all or substantially all
of the  Property of, or otherwise acquire, any other Person or a division
thereof,  except as provided in this Agreement;   (b) amend its articles of
incorporation or by-laws except as may be  necessary to effect this Agreement
and the transaction contemplated hereby  (which the Company agrees to
complete on a timely basis);   (c) make any changes in its accounting
methods, principles or  practices, except as required by GAAP;   (d) sell,
consume or otherwise dispose of any Property, except in  the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practices;   (e) authorize for issuance,
issue, sell or deliver any additional  shares of its capital stock of any
class or any Stock Rights with respect  to its capital stock, other than, in
each case, the issuance of Common  Stock pursuant to the exercise of any
conversion rights under Shares  outstanding on the date hereof and the
exercise of any stock options  outstanding on the date hereof;   (f) except
as contemplated in Section 6.8, declare any dividend on,  make any
distribution with respect to, or redeem or repurchase, its  capital
stock;   (g) except as provided in Section 1.18(f), modify, amend or 
terminate any Benefit Plans, except as required under Legal Requirements  or
any Disclosable Contract; or   (h) authorize or enter into an agreement to
do any of the  foregoing.   7.10 FAIRNESS HEARING.   27    (a) As soon
as practicable after the execution of this Agreement, the Company shall
prepare, with the cooperation of the Buyer, the Information Statement for the
holders of Shares to approve this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby. The Information Statement shall constitute a disclosure document for
the offer and issuance of the shares of Buyer Stock to be received by the
holders of Shares. The Buyer and the Company shall each use reasonable
commercial efforts to cause the Information Statement to comply
with applicable federal and state securities laws requirements. Each of the
Buyer and the Company agree to provide promptly to the other such
information concerning its business and financial statements and affairs as,
in the reasonable judgment of the providing party or its counsel, may be
required or appropriate for inclusion in the Information Statement, or in any
amendments or supplements thereto, and to cause its counsel and auditors to
cooperate with the other\'s counsel and auditors in the preparation of the
Information Statement. The Company will promptly advise the Buyer, and the
Buyer will promptly advise the Company, in writing if at any time prior to
the Effective Time either shall obtain knowledge of any facts that might make
it necessary or appropriate to amend or supplement the Information Statement
in order to make the statements contained or incorporated by reference
therein not misleading or to comply with applicable law. The Information
Statement shall contain the recommendation of the Company\'s Board of
Directors and the Stockholders that the holders of Shares approve the Merger
and this Agreement and the conclusion of the Company\'s Board of Directors
that the terms and conditions of the Merger are advisable and fair and
reasonable to the holders of Shares. The Company shall not include in
the Information Statement any information with respect to the Buyer or
its affiliates or associates, the form and content of which information shall
not have been approved by the Buyer prior to such inclusion.   (b) As soon
as practicable after the execution of this Agreement, and subject to Section
7.10(a), the Buyer shall prepare, with the cooperation of the Company, the
application for the California Permit. The Buyer and the Company shall each
use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such application to comply with
the requirements of applicable federal and state laws, and agrees to provide
promptly to the other such information concerning its business and financial
statements and affairs as, in the reasonable judgment of the providing party
or its counsel, may be required or appropriate for inclusion in
such application, or in any amendments or supplements thereto, and to cause
its counsel and auditors to cooperate with the other\'s counsel and auditors
in the preparation of such application. The Company will promptly advise the
Buyer, and the Buyer will promptly advise the Company, in writing if at any
time prior to the Effective Time it shall obtain knowledge of any facts that
might make it necessary or appropriate to amend or supplement such
application in order to make the statements contained or incorporated by
reference therein not misleading or to comply with applicable law. The Buyer
shall not include in such application any information with respect to the
Company or its affiliates or associates, the form and content of which
information shall not have been approved by the Company prior to such
inclusion.   (c) If the California Permit is not issued on or before June 1,
2000, then the parties will proceed without a California Permit, and Section
7.11 will apply.   7.11 REGISTRATION.   (a) FORM OF REGISTRATION. In the
event a hearing for the California Permit is not granted by the California
Department of Corporations by May 1, 2000 or such Department issues a
determination against granting a hearing prior to that date, the Buyer and
the Company will   28   promptly commence preparation of an S-4 pursuant
to Section 7.11(b). If a hearing is denied at a later date or the hearing
held but the California Permit not issued, the parties agree to consult and
seek to reach agreement upon an alternative form of registration, such as a
resale prospectus under Form S-3, that provides liquidity at least equivalent
(as to amount and timing) for Company stockholders to the liquidity that
would have been provided by a California Permit, but on a more cost-effective
but substantially as timely basis than an S-4, if available, and otherwise
the parties will promptly commence the preparation of an S-4.   (b) S-4.
Promptly after this Section 7.11(b) becomes applicable, the Buyer and the
Company will jointly prepare and file with the SEC the Information Statement
forming part of a registration statement on Form S-4 (the "S-4"). The Buyer
and the Company will use all reasonable efforts to cause the S-4 to
become effective as promptly as practicable after the date this Section
7.11(b) becomes applicable. The Buyer and the Company will provide promptly
to one another such information concerning its business and financial
statements and affairs as is, in the reasonable judgment of the providing
party or its counsel, required or appropriate for inclusion in the
Information Statement and the S-4, or in any amendments or supplements
thereto, and will cause their respective counsel and accountants to cooperate
with one another in the preparation of the Information Statement and the S-4.
The Company and the Buyer will notify the other promptly upon the receipt of
any comments of the SEC or its staff or any other government officials
relating to the Information Statement, S-4 or any amendment or supplement
thereto, and will supply the other with copies of all correspondence between
such party or any of its representatives, on the one hand, and the SEC or its
staff or any other government officials, on the other hand, relating to the
Information Statement, S-4 or any amendment or supplement thereto.
Whenever any event occurs which is required to be set forth in an amendment
or supplement, the Information Statement or the S-4, the Company or the
Buyer, as the case may be, will promptly inform the other of such occurrence
and cooperate in filing with the SEC or its staff or any other government
official, and/or furnishing to shareholders of the Company, such amendment or
supplement. No amendment or supplement to the Information Statement or the
S-4 will be made without the approval of both the Company and the Buyer,
which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. The Company and
the Buyer will each advise the other, promptly after it receives notice
thereof, of the time when the S-4 has become effective or any supplement or
amendment has been filed, of the issuance of any stop order, or of any
request by the SEC for amendment of Information Statement or the S-4 or
comments thereon and responses thereto or request by the SEC for additional
information. The Information Statement shall contain the recommendation of
the Company\'s Board of Directors and the Stockholders that the holders of
Shares approve the Merger and this Agreement. The Buyer will mail the
Information Statement to the Company\'s stockholders at the addresses
provided by the Company. To the extent required by applicable law, the Buyer
will at its expense qualify the offer of the Buyer Stock under the "blue sky"
laws of any state of the United States or the District of Columbia as
necessary to consummate the Merger. If this Section 7.11(b)
becomes applicable, the parties will enter into indemnification agreement
customary for similar S-4 transactions.   (c) S-3. If a registration on
Form S-3 is determined to be appropriate pursuant to Section 7.11(a), this
Section 7.11(c) shall apply.   (i) Upon the written request of the holders
of the Buyer Stock certifying that they have a bona fide intention to sell a
specified number, not less than 300,000, of shares of Buyer  
29   Stock, the Buyer shall file a S-3 (the "S-3"), registering the number
of shares Buyer Stock so specified (the "REGISTRABLE SECURITIES") for non-
underwritten resale into the open market.   (ii) In order to effect the
registration, the Buyer shall:   (1) prepare and file the S-3 with respect
to the Registrable Securities and use its best efforts to cause the S-3 to
become effective and remain effective for at least 120 days;   (2) prepare
and file with the SEC such amendments and supplements to the S-3 and the
prospectus used in connection therewith as may be necessary to comply with
the provisions of the Act with respect to the disposition of all securities
covered by the S-3;   (3) furnish to the Stockholders the numbers of copies
of the prospectus, including a preliminary prospectus, in conformity with
the requirements of the Act, and such other documents as the Stockholders
may reasonably request in order to facilitate the disposition of the
Registrable Securities;   (4) use its best efforts to register and qualify
the securities covered by the S-3 under other securities or blue sky laws of
such jurisdictions as shall be reasonably appropriate for distribution of
the securities covered by the S-3, provided that the Buyer shall not be
required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to qualify to do
business or to file a general consent to service of process in any such
states or jurisdictions; and   (5) notify the Stockholders, at any time
when a prospectus relating thereto is required to be delivered under the Act,
of the happening of any event as a result of which the prospectus included in
such S-3, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact
or omits to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances
then existing.   (iii) It shall be a condition precedent to the obligation
of the Buyer under this Section 7.11(c) that the each Stockholder shall
furnish to the Buyer such information regarding such Stockholder, the shares
of Registrable Securities held by such Stockholder and the intended method of
disposition of such shares as shall reasonably be required to effect the
registration of the Registrable Securities.   (iv) The Buyer shall bear and
pay all expenses incurred by the Buyer in connection with any registration,
filing or qualification of the Registrable Securities with respect to
registrations pursuant to this Section 7.11(c), including (without
limitation) all registration, filing, qualification, printer\'s fees,
accounting fees and expenses and the fees of a single attorney for the
Stockholders, but shall not be responsible for other charges relating to the
Buyer Stock and expenses or any taxes imposed with respect to the Registrable
Securities on the sale and transfer thereof.   (v) To the extent permitted
by law, the Buyer will indemnify and hold harmless any Stockholder and each
person, if any, who controls Stockholder within the meaning of the Act or the
Exchange Act, against any losses, claims, damages, or liabilities (joint or
several) to which they may become subject under the Act, or the Exchange Act,
or other federal or state law, insofar as such losses, claims, damages, or
liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon
any of the following statements, omissions or violations (collectively a
"VIOLATION"): (i) any untrue   30   statement or alleged untrue statement
of a material fact contained in the S-3, including any preliminary prospectus
or final prospectus contained therein or any amendments or supplements
thereto, (ii) the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material
fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading, or (iii) any violation or alleged violation by the
Buyer of the Act, the Exchange Act, any state securities law or any rule or
regulation promulgated under the Act, or the Exchange Act or any state
securities law; and the Buyer will pay to such Stockholder or
controlling person, as incurred, any legal or other expenses reasonably
incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such loss,
claim, damage, liability, or action; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the indemnity
agreement contained in this subsection (1) shall not apply to amounts paid in
settlement of any such loss, claim, damage, liability, or action if such
settlement is effected without the consent of the Buyer (which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld), nor shall the Buyer be liable to any
indemnitee for any such loss, claim, damage, liability, or action to the
extent that it arises out of or is based upon a Violation which occurs in
reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished by such
indemnitee expressly for use in connection with such registration.   (vi)
To the extent permitted by law, Stockholder will indemnify and hold harmless
the Buyer, each of its directors, each of its officers who has signed the
S-3, each person, if any, who controls the Buyer within the meaning of the
Act, any other shareholder selling securities in the S-3 and any controlling
person of any such other shareholder, against any losses, claims, damages, or
liabilities (joint or several) to which any of the foregoing persons may
become subject, under the Act, or the Exchange Act, or other federal or state
law, insofar as such losses, claims, damages, or liabilities (or actions in
respect thereto) arise out of or are based upon any Violation, in each
case to the extent (and only to the extent) that such Violation occurs in
reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished by
Stockholder expressly for use in connection with such registration; and
Stockholder will pay, as incurred, any legal or other expenses reasonably
incurred by any person intended to be indemnified pursuant to this Section
7.11(c)(vi), in connection with investigating or defending any such loss,
claim, damage, liability, or action; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the indemnity
agreement contained in this Section 7.11(c)(vi) shall not apply to amounts
paid in settlement of any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action if
such settlement is effected without the consent of the Stockholder, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld; and PROVIDED, THAT, in no event
shall any indemnity obligation under this Section 7.11(c)(vi) (together with
any obligation to contribute under Section 7.11(c)(ix)) exceed the gross
proceeds from the offering received by Stockholder.   (viii) Promptly after
receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 7.11(c) of notice of the
commencement of any action (including any governmental action), such
indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against
any indemnifying party under this Section 7.11(c), deliver to the
indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement thereof and
the indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, and, to the
extent the indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying
party similarly noticed, to assume the defense thereof with counsel
mutually satisfactory to the parties; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that an indemnified
party (together with all other indemnified parties which may be represented
without conflict by one counsel) shall have the right to retain one separate
counsel, with the fees and expenses to be paid by the indemnifying party,
if representation of such indemnified party by the counsel retained by
the indemnifying party would be inappropriate due to actual or potential
differing interests between such indemnified party and any other party
represented by such counsel in such proceeding. The failure   31   to
deliver written notice to the indemnifying party within a reasonable time
of the commencement of any such action, if prejudicial to its ability to
defend such action, shall relieve such indemnifying party of any liability to
the indemnified party under this Section 7.11(c), but the omission so to
deliver written notice to the indemnifying party will not relieve it of any
liability that it may have to any indemnified party otherwise than under
this Section 7.11(c).   (ix) If the indemnification provided for in this
Section 7.11(c) is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be
unavailable to an indemnified party with respect to any loss, liability,
claim, damage, or expense referred to therein, then the indemnifying party,
in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party hereunder, shall contribute to
the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of such
loss, liability, claim, damage, or expense in such proportion as is
appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the indemnifying party on the
one hand and of the indemnified party on the other in connection with the
statements or omissions that resulted in such loss, liability, claim, damage,
or expense as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The
relative fault of the indemnifying party and of the indemnified party shall
be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or
alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission to state a
material fact relates to information supplied by the indemnifying party or by
the indemnified party and the parties\' relative intent, knowledge, access to
information, and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or
omission. In no event shall any Stockholder\'s obligation to contribute under
this Section 7.11(c)(ix) (together with any obligation to indemnify under
Section 7.11(c)(vi)) exceed the gross proceeds from the offering received by
such Stockholder.   (x) The obligations of the Buyer and Stockholder under
this Section 7.11(c) shall survive the completion of any offering of
Registrable Securities in the S-3.   7.12 NOTICE OF CERTAIN EVENTS. The
Company shall notify the Buyer, and the Buyer shall promptly notify the
Company, of:   (i) receipt of any notice or other communication from any
Person  alleging that the consent of such Person is or may be required in 
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;   (ii)
receipt of any notice or other communication from any  Governmental Entity in
connection with the transactions contemplated by  this Agreement;   (iii)
receipt of notice that any action, suit, claim, investigation  or proceeding
has been commenced or, to the knowledge of the Company,  threatened, against
or involving the Company, the Buyer or Merger Sub, as  applicable, which, if
pending on the date of this Agreement, would have  been required to have been
disclosed pursuant to Section 3.14 or which  relates to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement;   (iv) the occurrence or non-occurrence of
any event the occurrence  or non-occurrence of which would be likely to cause
any representation or  warranty of it (and, in the case of the Buyer, of
Merger Sub) contained in  this Agreement to be untrue or inaccurate; and  
(v) any failure of the Company, the Buyer or Merger Sub, as the  case may be,
to comply with or satisfy any covenant, condition or  agreement to be
complied with or satisfied by it hereunder   32   The delivery of any
notice pursuant to this Section 7.12 shall not limit or otherwise affect the
remedies available to the party receiving such notice.   7.13 COMPANY
LOCATION. The Buyer currently intends to maintain the principal offices of
the Company in the Horsham, PA area and agrees to do so for not less than 2
years from the date of this Agreement, unless Ami Miron
approves otherwise.   7.14 MINIMUM DAMAGES. In the event the Merger does
not occur due to a breach by the Buyer or the Company, the damages
recoverable by the nonbreaching party for such breach shall not be less than
$25,000,000. In all events, such remedy shall be in addition to, and not in
lieu of, any and all remedies, legal, equitable or other, otherwise available
under this Agreement and applicable law.  SECTION 8 MISCELLANEOUS   8.1
BUYER BROKERAGE. The Buyer has not engaged any agent, broker, finder or
investment or commercial banker in connection with the negotiation,
execution or performance of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby, other than Credit Suisse First Boston, for whose fees and expenses,
the Buyer will be solely responsible. The Buyer shall indemnify, defend and
hold the Company and the Stockholders harmless against and in respect of any
claim for brokerage fees or other commissions incurred or owing due to any
such engagement or alleged engagement.   8.2 EXPENSES. If the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement are not consummated, the Company and the Buyer
shall each pay their own fees and expenses incident to the negotiation,
preparation, execution, delivery and performance hereof, including, without
limitation, the fees and expenses of their respective counsel, accountants,
bankers, brokers, and other experts. If the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement are consummated, the Buyer shall, in addition to its own fees and
expenses, pay (or bear, through the Company\'s payment) the reasonable fees
and expenses of the Company incident to the negotiation, preparation,
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, including, without
limitation, the investment banking fees set forth in SCHEDULE 2.5 and the
reasonable fees and expenses of its counsel and accountants.   8.3 COMPLETE
AGREEMENT; WAIVER AND MODIFICATION, ETC. This Agreement constitutes the
entire agreement between the parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof
and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings of
the parties, but excluding the Non-Disclosure Agreement dated March 8, 2000
between the Buyer and the Company, which shall continue in effect. There are
no representations or warranties by any party except those expressly stated
or provided for herein, any implied warranties being hereby
expressly disclaimed. There are no covenants or conditions except those
expressly stated herein. No amendment, supplement or termination of or to
this Agreement, and no waiver of any of the provisions hereof, shall be
binding on a party unless made in a writing signed by such party. This
Agreement may be modified by mutual agreement of the parties as authorized by
their respective boards of directors, notwithstanding approval hereof and
thereof by the stockholders of the parties, subject to the limitations
imposed by the Pennsylvania Business Corporation Law. Nothing in this
Agreement shall be construed to give any Person other than the express
parties hereto any rights or remedies.   8.4 NOTICES. All notices, requests,
demands, claims and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and
shall be given by delivery (by mail or otherwise) or transmitted to the
address   33   or facsimile number listed below, and will be effective
(in all cases) upon receipt. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, a mail, express, messenger or other receipt signed by any Person
at such address shall conclusively evidence delivery to and receipt at such
address, and any printout showing successful facsimile transmission of the
correct total pages to the correct facsimile number shall conclusively
evidence transmission to and receipt at such facsimile number.   (a) If to
the Buyer or Merger Sub:   Liberate Technologies  2 Circle Star Way  San
Carlos, California 94070-6200  attention: Gordon Yamate  facsimile:
650-701-5258   with a copy to:   McCutchen, Doyle, Brown and Enersen, LLP 
3150 Porter Drive  Palo Alto, CA 94304  attention: Bartley C. Deamer 
facsimile: 650-849-4800   (b) If to the Company:   MoreCom, Inc.  Two
Walnut Grove Drive, Suite 200  Horsham, PA 19033  attention: Ami Miron 
facsimile: 215-733-9401   with a copy to:   Alan Goldberg  2828 Charter
Road  Philadelphia, PA 19154  facsimile: 215-676-1991   and  Stephen
Goodman  Morgan, Lewis and Bockius LLP  1701 Market Street  Philadelphia, PA
19103  facsimile: 215-963-5299   34    (c) If to the Stockholders:  
c/o Ami Miron  1644 Tuckerstown Road  Dresher, PA 19025  facsimile:
215-773-9401   with a copy to:   Alan Goldberg  2828 Charter Road 
Philadelphia, PA 19154  facsimile: 215-676-1991  Any party may change its
address or facsimile number for purposes of this Section 8.4 by giving the
other party written notice of the new address or facsimile number in
accordance with this Section 8.4, PROVIDED it is a normal street address, or
normal operating facsimile number, in the continental United States.   8.5
LAW GOVERNING. This Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with and
governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to principles
of conflicts of laws.   8.6 HEADINGS; REFERENCES; "HEREOF," ETC. The Section
headings in this Agreement are provided for convenience only, and shall not
be considered in the interpretation hereof. References herein to Sections,
Exhibits or Schedules refer, unless otherwise specified, to the designated
Section of or Exhibit or Schedule to this Agreement. Terms such as "herein,"
"hereto" and "hereof" refer to this Agreement as a whole.   8.7 SUCCESSORS
AND ASSIGNS. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon
the heirs, executors, administrators and successors of the parties hereto,
but no right or liability or obligation arising hereunder may be assigned by
any party hereto.   8.8 COUNTERPARTS, SEPARATE SIGNATURE PAGES. This
Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, or using separate
signature pages. Each such executed counterpart and each counterpart to which
such signature pages are attached shall be deemed to be an original
instrument, but all such counterparts together shall constitute one and the
same instrument.   8.9 SEVERABILITY. In the event any of the provisions of
this Agreement shall be declared by a court or arbitrator to be void or
unenforceable, then such provision shall be severed from this Agreement
without affecting the validity and enforceability of any of the other
provisions hereof, and the parties shall negotiate in good faith to replace
such unenforceable or void provisions with a similar clause to achieve, to
the extent permitted under law, the purpose and intent of the provisions
declared void and unenforceable.   8.10 ATTORNEYS\' FEES. In the event any
suit, counterclaim, arbitration or other proceeding is brought to enforce or
interpret the provisions of this Agreement, the prevailing side (the Buyer,
on the one hand, and the Company and/or the Stockholders on the other hand)
shall be entitled to recover from the nonprevailing side, in addition to all
other remedies available at equity and law, the   35   cost, including
but not limited to reasonable attorneys\' fees, incurred by the prevailing
side therein, including any appeal or other subsequent proceeding. A side
shall be considered to prevail if it secures a more favorable result than the
other side (who shall be considered the nonprevailing party), as
determined by the arbitrator or judge.  SECTION 9 GLOSSARY   ACT - the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended.   AFFILIATE - a Person who controls, is
controlled by or is under common control with another Person, or who directly
or indirectly owns 10% or more of the voting power in such other Person, or
of whose voting power such other Person (or a Person holding 10% or more of
the voting power in such other Person) owns 10% or more. For purposes of this
definition, "control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the
power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a
Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or
otherwise.   AGREEMENT - this Plan and Agreement of Reorganization,
including the Exhibits and Schedules hereto.   AVERAGE PRICE - Section
1.8.   AUDITED STATEMENTS - Section 3.2(a).   BENEFIT PLANS - Section
3.10(a).   BUSINESS - introductory paragraphs.   BUYER - introductory
paragraphs.   BUYER SEC DOCUMENTS - Section 4.3.   BUYER SHARE AMOUNT -
Section 1.8.   BUYER STOCK - Section 1.8.   CALIFORNIA PERMIT - Section
3.23.   CLOSING - Section 1.1.   CODE - the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended.   COMMON STOCK - the Common Stock of the Company.   COMPANY -
introductory paragraphs.   COMPANY ERISA PLAN - Section 3.10(d).   COMPANY
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY - Section 3.17.   36    CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION -
Section 3.17(f).   COMPANY EXISTING OPTION PLAN - the Company\'s 1998 Stock
Option Plan, as amended.   CONTRACT - any agreement, written or oral, or
any promissory note or other instrument of a contractual nature, which is
intended to be enforceable against the Person in question or against any
Property of such Person. Any Person which is, or any of whose Property is,
subject to enforcement of a Contract shall, for purposes of this Agreement,
be deemed a party to it.   DAMAGES - any loss, loss in value, cost,
liability or expense actually incurred, including without limitation, costs
and expenses of litigation and reasonable attorneys\' fees, but excluding in
each case incidental, consequential or punitive damages. (The foregoing
exclusion of punitive damages does not apply, however, to any punitive
damages awarded in a Third-Party Claim.) All Damages shall be net of (i) any
applicable insurance recovery (net of any retrospective premium adjustment),
(ii) any related net realized tax benefit (taking any applicable recovery
into account), (iii) any related refund or recovery realized by the Buyer,
(iv) any related reserve included in the Interim Statements, and (v) any
other reserve (whether or not related to the Damages in question) included in
the Interim Statements, to the extent that, at the time of determination of
Damages under this Agreement, such other reserve has proved to be in excess
of the Company\'s actual losses or liabilities reserved against (PROVIDED,
that such other reserves shall thereafter be reduced by the excess thus
utilized for netting).   DERIVATIVE WORK - Section 3.17(l).   DISCLOSABLE
CONTRACT - Section 3.11.   DISCLOSABLE LEASES - Section 3.7.  
DISSENTERS\' RIGHTS - Section 1.17   EFFECTIVE TIME - Section 1.2.   ERISA
- the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and any
successor statute.   ERISA AFFILIATE - any company which, as of the relevant
measuring date under ERISA, is or was a member of a controlled group of
corporations or trades or businesses (as defined in Sections 414(b), (c), (m)
or (o) of the Code) of which a Coast Company is or was a member.   ESCROW
ACCOUNT - the Property held by the escrow agent under the
Escrow Agreement.   ESCROW AGREEMENT - Section 1.5(a).   EXCHANGE RATIO -
Section 1.8.   EXCHANGE ACT - the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Section 3.2(a).   37    FULLY-DILUTED
COMPANY SHARES - Section 1.8.   GAAP - generally accepted accounting
principles applied on a consistent basis, as set forth in authoritative
pronouncements which are applicable to the circumstances as of the date in
question. The requirement that such principles be applied on a "consistent
basis" means that accounting principles observed in the period in question
are comparable in all material respects to those applied in the preceding
periods, except as change is permitted or required under or pursuant to such
accounting principles.   GOVERNMENTAL AGENCY - any agency, department,
board, commission, district or other public organ, whether federal, state,
local or foreign.   HAZARDOUS MATERIAL - all or any of the following: (i)
any substance the presence of which requires investigation or remediation
under any applicable law or regulation; (ii) substances that are defined or
listed in, or otherwise classified pursuant to, any applicable laws or
regulations as "hazardous substances," "hazardous materials," "hazardous
wastes," "toxic substances," or any other formulation intended to define,
list or classify substances by reason of deleterious properties such as
ignitability, corrosivity, reactivity, carcinogenicity, reproductive toxicity
or "EP toxicity;" (iii) any petroleum products, explosives or radioactive
materials; and (iv) asbestos in any form or electrical equipment which
contains any oil or dielectric fluid containing levels of polychlorinated
biphenyls in excess of fifty parts per million.   HOLDERS\' AGENT - Ami
Miron   HSR ACT - the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvement Act of 1976,
as amended, and all regulations issued thereunder.   INFORMATION STATEMENT
- Section 3.23.   INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY - Section 3.17(a).   INTERIM
STATEMENTS - Section 3.2(a).   LAST ESCROW CLAIM DATE - the first
anniversary of the Closing Date.   LAST FISCAL YEAR-END - Section
3.2(a).   LEGAL REQUIREMENT - a statute, regulation, ordinance or similar
legal requirement, whether federal, state, local or foreign, or any
requirement of a permit or other authorization issued by a Governmental
Agency.   LIEN - any lien, security interest, mortgage, deed of trust,
pledge, hypothecation, capitalized lease or interest or right for security
purposes.   MERGER SUB - introductory paragraphs.   NEW OPTION PLAN(S) -
Section 1.18(f).   38    ORDER - any judgment, injunction, order or
similar mandatory direction of, or stipulation or agreement filed with, a
Governmental Agency, court, judicial body, arbitrator or arbitral body.  
PERMIT - a permit, license, franchise, certificate of authority or
similar instrument issued by a Governmental Agency.   PERSON - an
individual, or a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust,
association or other entity of any nature, or a Governmental Agency.  
PREFERRED STOCK - the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock,
the Series E Preferred Stock, the Series F Preferred Stock and Series
G Preferred Stock of the Company.   PROPERTY - any interest in any real,
personal or mixed property, whether tangible or intangible.   RECOVERABLE
AMOUNT - Section 7.2(b).   REGISTRATION STATEMENT - a registration statement
filed under the Act pursuant to Section 7.11.   S-3 - Section 7.11(c).  
S-4 - Section 7.11(b).   SEC - the Securities and Exchange Commission.  
SHARES - Section 1.8.   STOCK RIGHT - any right (including without
limitation any option or warrant or subscription right) to acquire any
capital stock or any other Stock Right or any instrument convertible into or
exchangeable for any capital stock or any other Stock Right.   STOCKHOLDER
AGREEMENT - Section 1.18.   STOCKHOLDERS - introductory paragraphs.  
STRATEGIC TRANSACTION - Section 7.7.   SUPPORT AGREEMENTS - Section
3.17.   TAX - any federal, state, local or foreign tax, assessment, duty,
fee and other governmental charge or imposition of any kind, whether measured
by properties, assets, wages, payroll, purchases, value added, payments,
sales, use, business, capital stock, surplus or income, and any addition,
interest, penalty, deficiency imposed with respect to any Tax.   THIRD-
PARTY ACTION - any consent, waiver, approval, license or other authorization
of, or notice to, or filing with, any other Person, whether or not a
Governmental Agency, and the expiration of any associated mandatory
waiting period.   39    THIRD-PARTY CLAIM - Section 7.3(b).   THIRD-
PARTY RIGHT - any Lien on any Property of the Person in question, or any
right (other than the rights of the Buyer hereunder) (i) to acquire,
lease, use, dispose of, vote or exercise any right or power conferred by any
Property of such Person, or (ii) restricting the Person\'s right to lease,
use, dispose of, vote or exercise any right or power conferred by any
Property of such Person.   VIOLATION - Section 7.10(e)(1).   [REMAINDER
OF PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY]          40    IN WITNESS
WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Plan and Agreement
of Reorganization.   BUYER: LIBERATE TECHNOLOGIES   By: 
--------------------------------  Name: Mitchell E. Kertzman  Title:
President and CEO   MERGER SUB: LT ACQUISITION CORPORATION   By: 
--------------------------------  Name: Mitchell E. Kertzman  Title:
President and CEO   COMPANY: MORECOM, INC.   By: 
--------------------------------  Name:  Title:  STOCKHOLDERS:  
------------------------------  Name:    ------------------------------ 
Name:    ------------------------------  Name:   
------------------------------  Name:  EXHIBITS   A Support Agreement B
Escrow Agreement C Equity Holder Agreement   41   '

