 ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT    1 
EXHIBIT 2.14(a)  CONFORMED COPY           ASSET PURCHASE
AGREEMENT   AMONG   MARCUS CABLE OF ALABAMA, L.L.C.  ON THE ONE HAND  
AND   TCI OF SELMA, INC., TCI OF LEE COUNTY, INC., TCI CABLEVISION OF 
ALABAMA, INC., ALABAMA T.V. CABLE, INC. AND TCI SOUTHEAST, INC.  ON THE OTHER
HAND     DATED AS OF   FEBRUARY 26,
2001                   ALABAMA  2  TABLE OF
CONTENTS     PAGE  ~~  1. Definitions 1   1.1. 1992 Cable Act 1  1.2.
Affiliate 1  1.3. Assets 1  1.4. ATandT; 2  1.5. Basic Services 2  1.6.
Books and Records 2  1.7. Business 2  1.8. Business Day 2  1.9. Closing 2 
1.10. Closing Date 2  1.11. Closing 3  1.12. Communications Act 3  1.13.
Contracts 3  1.14. Encumbrance 3  1.15. Environmental Law 3  1.16.
Equipment 3  1.17. Equivalent Basic Subscribers (or EBSs) 4  1.18. Excluded
Assets 5  1.19. Expanded Basic Service 6  1.20. FCC 6  1.21. Franchises 6 
1.22 GAAP 7  1.23. Governmental Authority 7  1.24. Hazardous Substances 7 
1.25. Intangibles 7  1.26. Intangibles 7  1.27. Legal Requirement 8  1.28.
FCC 8  1.29. Losses 8  1.30. Material Adverse Effect 8  1.31. MVPD 8 
1.32. Pay TV 8  1.33. Permitted Encumbrances 8  1.34. Person 9  1.35. Real
Property 9  1.36. Required Consents 9  1.37. Service Area 9  1.38. System
Employees 10  1.39. System 10  1.40. Taxes 10    i  3   ~~   1.41.
Third Party 10  1.42. Other Definitions 10  2. Purchase and Sale of Assets;
Assumed Obligations and Liabilities 11   2.1. Purchase and Sale of Assets
11  2.2. Assumed Obligations and Liabilities 12  3. Consideration 12  
3.1. Purchase Price 12  3.2. Adjustments to Purchase Price 13  3.3.
Determination of Adjustments 14  3.4. Allocation of Purchase Price 16  4.
Representations and Warranties of Seller 16   4.1. Organization and
Qualification 16  4.2. Authority and Validity 17  4.3. No Breach or
Violation 17  4.4. Assets 17  4.5. Franchises and Licenses 18  4.6.
Contracts 19  4.7. Real Property 19  4.8. Environmental Matters 20  4.9.
Compliance with Legal Requirements 21  4.10. Patents, Trademarks and
Copyrights 22  4.11. Financial Statements 22  4.12. Absence of Certain
Changes 22  4.13. Legal Proceedings 23  4.14. Tax Returns; Other Reports
23  4.15. Employment Matters 23  4.16. System Information 25  4.17. Finders
and Brokers 25  4.18. Disclosure 25  5. Buyer\'s Representations and
Warranties 25   5.1. Organization and Qualification 25  5.2. Authority and
Validity 26  5.3. No Conflicts; Required Consents 26  5.4. Finders and
Brokers 26  5.5. Legal Proceedings 26  6. Additional Covenants 26   6.1.
Access to Premises and Records 26  6.2. Continuity and Maintenance of
Operations; Financial Statements 27    ii  4   ~~   6.3. Employee
Matters 31  6.4. Leased Vehicles; Other Capital Leases 36  6.5. Consents
36  6.6. Title Commitments and Surveys 39  6.7. HSR Notification 40  6.8.
Notification of Certain Matters 40  6.9. Risk of Loss; Condemnation 40 
6.10. Transfer Taxes 41  6.11. Updated Schedules 42  6.12. Use of Seller\'s
Name 43  6.13. Transitional Billing Services 43  6.14. Transitional of High
Speed Data Services 43  6.15. Certain Notices 43  6.16. Satisfaction of
Conditions 44  6.17. Bulk Transfers 44  6.18. Programming Matters 44  6.19.
Cooperation as to Rates and Fees 44  6.20. Cooperation on Pending Litigation
45  6.21. Confidentiality 46  6.22. Lien Searches 46  6.23. Further
Assurances 47  6.24. Expired Leases 47  6.25. Environmental Assessment 47 
6.26. No Offers 48  6.27. Taxes 48  6.28. Distant Broadcast Signals 48 
6.29. System Telephone Services 49  7. Conditions to Closing 49   7.1.
Conditions to the Obligations of Buyer and Seller 49  7.2. Conditions to the
Obligations of Buyer 49  7.3. Conditions to Obligations of Seller 51  8.
Closing 51   8.1. Time and Place of Closing 51  8.2. Seller\'s Delivery
Obligations 52  8.3. Buyer\'s Delivery Obligations 53  9. Termination
53   9.1. Events of Termination 53  9.2. Liabilities in Event of
Termination 54  10. Survival of Representations and Warranties;
Indemnification 54   10.1. Survival of Representations and Warranties
54    iii  5   ~~   10.2. Indemnification by Seller 54  10.3.
Indemnification by Buyer 55  10.4. Third Party Claims 55  10.5. Limitations
on Indemnification - Seller 56  10.6. Limitations on Indemnification - Buyer
57  10.7. Sole Remedy 57  10.8. Treatment of Indemnity and Other Payments
57  11. Miscellaneous 57   11.1. Parties Obligated and Benefited 57 
11.2. Notices 58  11.3. Attorneys\' Fees 59  11.4. Right to Specific
Performance 59  11.5. Disclaimer of Warranty 59  11.6. Waiver 60  11.7.
Captions 60  11.8. Choice of Law 60  11.9. Terms 60  11.10. Rights
Cumulative 60  11.11 Further Actions 60  11.12 Time 61  11.13 Late Payments
61  11.14 Counterparts 61  11.15 Entire Agreement 61  11.16 Severability
61  11.17 Construction 61  11.18 Expenses 62  11.19 Commercially Reasonable
Efforts 62  11.20 Guaranty and Suretyship Matters 62    LIST OF EXHIBITS
AND SCHEDULES    ~~  Exhibit A Bill of Sale and Assignment and Assumption
Agreement Exhibit B Form of Escrow Agreement Exhibit C Form of Seller\'s
Counsel Opinion Exhibit D Form of Buyer\'s Counsel Opinion  Schedule 1.18
Excluded Assets Schedule 1.33 Permitted Encumbrances Schedule 1.39 Systems
and Service Area Schedule 4.3 Required Consents Schedule 4.4 Encumbrances;
Exceptions to Operating Condition of Equipment Schedule 4.5 Franchises and
Licenses Schedule 4.6 Contracts Schedule 4.7 Real Property    iv  6  
~~  Schedule 4.8 Environmental Matters Schedule 4.9 Section 626
Exceptions Schedule 4.12 Absence of Certain Changes Schedule 4.13 Legal
Proceedings Schedule 4.14 Tax Matters Schedule 4.15 Employment
Matters Schedule 4.16 System Information Schedule 6.2 Permitted
Activities    v  7  ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT     This Asset Purchase
Agreement ("Agreement") is made as of the 26th day of February, 2001, by and
among TCI Southeast, Inc. ("ATandT; Parent"), the other Affiliates of ATandT;
whose names appear on the signature page of this Agreement (collectively,
"Seller"), and Marcus Cable of Alabama, L.L.C., an Alabama limited liability
company ("Buyer").    RECITALS   A. The parties desire to effect the
transfer of substantially all of the assets of the Business (as defined
below) owned by Seller to Buyer for cash.   B. The purpose of this Agreement
is to set forth the definitive terms upon which such transfer will take
place.   C. This Agreement is being made concurrently with that
Reorganization Agreement between TCI TKR of Alabama, Inc., ATandT; Parent, and
Charter Communications, Inc. (the "Related Agreement").    AGREEMENTS  
In consideration of the above recitals and the mutual agreements stated in
this Agreement, the parties agree as follows:   1. DEFINITIONS.   In
addition to terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the
following capitalized terms, when used in this Agreement, will have the
meanings set forth below:   1.1. 1992 Cable Act. The Cable Television
Consumer Protection  and Competition Act of 1992, as amended, and the FCC
rules and  regulations promulgated thereunder.   1.2. Affiliate. With
respect to any Person, any other Person  controlling, controlled by or under
common control with such Person,  with "control" for such purpose meaning the
possession, directly or  indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the
direction of the  management and policies of a Person, whether through the
ownership of  voting securities or voting interests, by contract or
otherwise. For  purposes of this Agreement, At Home Corporation and its
subsidiaries  and Liberty Media Corporation and its subsidiaries will not be
treated  as Affiliates of Seller.   1.3. Assets. All assets, properties,
privileges, contracts,  licenses, permits, franchises, authorizations,
rights, interests,  claims and other properties,  8  real and personal,
tangible and intangible, of every type and  description (a) that are owned,
leased, held for use or used in the  Business, and (b) in which Seller or any
of its Affiliates has any  right, title or interest or in which Seller or any
of its Affiliates  acquires any right, title or interest on or before the
Closing Time.  The Assets include the Franchises, Licenses, Intangibles,
Contracts,  Equipment (including Equipment used by ATandT; Broadband Network 
Solutions, Inc. ("NSI"), solely in connection with the provision of  services
associated with the Systems or reflected in the Financial  Statements,
including under the Contracts between NSI and Third Parties  listed on
SCHEDULE 4.6), Books and Records, Real Property and deposits  relating to the
Business that are held by Third Parties for the account  of Seller or for
security for Seller\'s performance of its obligations,  but excluding any
Excluded Assets and any assets disposed of prior to  the Closing Date in the
ordinary course of business and not in  violation of this Agreement.   1.4.
ATandT.; ATandT; Broadband, LLC, a Delaware limited liability  company.   1.5.
Basic Services. The lowest tier of service offered to  subscribers of a
System.   1.6. Books and Records. All engineering records, files, data, 
drawings, blueprints, schematics, as-built System maps, reports, lists, 
title policies and title reports, plans, surveys, procedures and  processes
and all other files of correspondence, lists, records,  agreements,
amendments, notices, consents and reports to the extent  concerning the
Assets or the Business, including subscribers and  prospective subscribers of
the Systems, signal and program carriage and  dealings with Governmental
Authorities with respect to the Systems,  including all reports filed with
respect to the Systems by or on behalf  of Seller or any of its Affiliates
with the FCC and statements of  account filed with respect to the Systems by
or on behalf of Seller or  any of its Affiliates with the U.S. Copyright
Office, but excluding all  corporate records, all financial and tax records
not solely related to  the operation of the Systems, and all documents,
reports and records  relating to any of the System Employees.   1.7.
Business. The cable television business and other  revenue-generating
businesses and operations relating to the Systems  that are conducted by
Seller or any of its Affiliates through the  Systems.   1.8. Business Day.
Any day other than Saturday, Sunday or a  day on which banking institutions
in Denver, Colorado or New York, New  York are required or authorized to be
closed.   1.9. Closing. The consummation of the transactions  contemplated
by this Agreement, as described in Section 8.   1.10. Closing Date. The date
on which the Closing occurs.   2  9  1.11. Closing Time. 11:59 p.m., local
time at the location of  the Assets, as applicable, on the Closing Date.  
1.12. Communications Act. The Communications Act of 1934, as  amended, and
the rules and regulations of the FCC promulgated  thereunder and currently in
effect. Section 626 of the Communications  Act refers to 47 U.S.C. section
546.   1.13. Contracts. All contracts, bonds, indentures, leases,  notes,
certificates, options, warrants, rights and other instruments,  documents,
obligations and agreements (in each case, other than  Franchises, Licenses
and those relating to Real Property), whether  written or oral, to which
Seller or any of its Affiliates is a party  and which relate to the operation
of the Business, including the lease  agreements for Equipment, pole
attachment agreements, underground  conduit agreements, retransmission
consent agreements, and multiple  dwelling bulk billing or commercial service
agreements.   1.14. Encumbrance. Any mortgage, lien, security interest, 
security agreement, conditional sale or other title retention  agreement,
consignment or bailment given for purposes of security,  indenture, pledge,
option, encumbrance, deed of trust, constructive  trust or other trust,
claim, attachment, charge, assessment,  restriction on transfer or any
exception to or defect in title or other  ownership (legal or equitable)
interest (including reservations, rights  of way, possibilities of reverter,
encroachments, protrusions,  easements, rights of entry, rights of first
refusal, rights of first  offering, restrictive covenants, conditions, leases
and licenses) of  any kind, which constitutes an interest in property,
whether arising  pursuant to any Legal Requirement, License, Franchise,
Contract or  otherwise.   1.15. Environmental Law. Any applicable Legal
Requirement  relating to pollution or governing the protection of the
environment,  including CERCLA, OSHA, and RCRA and including Legal
Requirements  relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened
releases of  Hazardous Substances into the environment (including ambient
air,  surface water, ground water or land) or otherwise relating to the 
manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage,  disposal,
transport, handling or presence of Hazardous Substances.   1.16. Equipment.
All electronic devices, trunk and  distribution coaxial and optical fiber
cable, headend amplifiers, line  amplifiers, drops, power supplies, conduit,
vaults and pedestals,  grounding and pole hardware, towers (other than towers
on owned Real  Property which are fixtures thereon and a part thereof),
tower  equipment, distribution systems, microwave equipment, subscriber\'s 
devices (including converters, encoders, transformers behind television  sets
and fittings), headend hardware (including origination, earth  stations,
transmission and distribution system), test equipment,  vehicles, office
equipment, computers and billing equipment, furniture,  fixtures,
supplies,   3  10  inventory and other tangible personal property owned or
leased by  Seller or any of its Affiliates and used in the Business.  
1.17. Equivalent Basic Subscribers (or EBSs). As of any date  of
determination and for each Service Area served by a System, the sum  of (a)
the total number of private residential customer accounts that  are billed by
individual unit for at least Basic Services (regardless  of whether such
accounts are in single-family homes or in individually  billed units in
apartment buildings or other multi-unit buildings), but  exclusive of "second
connects" and "additional outlets" as such terms  are commonly understood in
the cable television industry; and (b) the  quotient of (i) the total monthly
billings for sales of Basic Services  and Expanded Basic Services by such
System for such Service Area during  the most recent billing period ended
prior to the date of calculation  to commercial, bulk-billed and other
accounts not billed by individual  unit (whether on a discounted or non-
discounted basis), but excluding  billings in excess of a single month\'s
charges for any account, divided  by (ii) the standard monthly combined rate
(without discount of any  kind) charged by such System for such Service Area
to individually  billed subscribers for Basic Services and Expanded Basic
Services  offered by such System in effect during such billing period. For 
purposes of calculating the number of EBSs, there will be excluded: (A)  all
accounts billed by individual unit that are, and all billings to  any
commercial, bulk-billed and other accounts not billed by individual  unit
that are, more than 60 days past due in the payment of any amount  in excess
of the lesser of $7.50 or the standard rate charged for Basic  Services at
the time of determination; (B) any accounts billed by  individual unit and
all commercial, bulk-billed and other accounts not  billed by individual unit
that, as of the date of calculation, have not  paid in full the charges for
at least one full month of the subscribed  service; (C) that portion of the
billings to all accounts billed by  individual unit included in clause (b)
above and any commercial  bulk-billed and other accounts not billed by
individual unit  representing an installation or other non-recurring charge,
a charge  for equipment or for any outlet or connection other than the
first  outlet or first connection in any individually billed unit or, with 
respect to a bulk account, in any residential unit (e.g., an individual 
apartment or rental unit), a charge for any tiered service other than 
Expanded Basic Services (whether or not included within Pay TV), any  charge
for Pay TV or a pass-through charge for sales Taxes,  line-itemized franchise
fees, fees charged by the FCC and the like; (D)  any individually billed unit
and all billings to any commercial,  bulk-billed and other accounts not
billed by individual unit whose  service is pending disconnection for any
reason; (E) any individually  billed unit and all billings to any commercial,
bulk-billed and other  accounts not billed by individual unit that was
solicited within the  60-day period preceding the Closing Date to purchase
such services by  promotions or offers of discounts other than those
ordinarily made by  Seller; and (F) any account for which Basic Services are
provided free  of charge.   4  11  1.18. Excluded Assets. All:  
1.18.1. Programming Contracts (including music  programming Contracts and
Contracts with Starz!/Encore), cable guide  Contracts (including TV Guide and
interactive programming guide  Contracts), and Contracts to which other cable
systems of Seller or its  Affiliates are subject (including the NCE
Agreement, Contracts between  Seller and its Affiliates and NSI, master
retransmission consent  Contracts, master billing Contracts and master
multiple dwelling unit  Contracts (but not any subordinate multiple dwelling
unit Contracts  that incorporate the terms of such master Contracts by
reference)),  other than any such Contracts (or interests therein) listed on
SCHEDULE  4.6;   1.18.2. Seller Plans (as defined in Section 4.15.2)  and
any cash, reserve, trust or funding arrangement held or set aside  for the
payment of benefits under such Seller Plans;   1.18.3. Insurance policies
and rights and claims  under insurance policies (except as otherwise provided
in Section 6.9);   1.18.4. Bonds, letters of credit, surety instruments 
and other similar items;   1.18.5. Except for petty cash to the extent 
transferred to Buyer, cash and cash equivalents, including cash  relating to
subscriber prepayments and deposits, and notes receivable;   1.18.6. Subject
to Buyer\'s rights under Section 6.12,  trademarks, trade names, service
marks, service names, logos, patents,  copyrights and other intellectual
property or proprietary rights of  Seller or any of its Affiliates, except
for software which is not an  Excluded Asset under Section 1.18.14;  
1.18.7. Subscriber billing Contracts and related  equipment if not owned by
Seller or any of its Affiliates;   1.18.8. Assets, rights and properties of
Seller or  its Affiliates used or held for use other than primarily in
connection  with the business operations of the Systems; provided, however, 
notwithstanding the foregoing, Assets which produce revenues that are  set
forth on the Financial Statements will not constitute Excluded  Assets
pursuant to this Section 1.18.8;   1.18.9. Except (a) accounts receivable
and (b) any  other claim, right or interest to the extent reflected in the 
adjustment to the Purchase Price determined pursuant to Section 3.2,  all
claims, rights and interests in and to any refunds of, or amounts  credited
against, Taxes or fees of any nature, including franchise and  copyright
fees, or any other claims against Third Parties, relating to  the operation
of the Systems prior to the Closing Time;   5  12  1.18.10. Except as set
forth on SCHEDULE 4.6, any  employment, compensation, bonus, deferred
compensation, consulting,  collective bargaining agreements, agency or
management Contracts;   1.18.11. All Business documents and records not 
included in the Books and Records (provided that copies of personnel  files
will be made available to Buyer for a period of three years after  the
Closing Date upon reasonable request by Buyer accompanied by a  waiver and
release from the employee whose records are sought in form  and substance
reasonably satisfactory to Seller);   1.18.12. Capital and vehicle
leases;   1.18.13. Advertising sales agency or representation  Contracts
providing any Third Party or Affiliate of Seller the right to  sell available
advertising time for a System (including any Contract  with National Cable
Communications or Cable Networks, Inc.), other than  any such Contract
disclosed on SCHEDULE 4.6;   1.18.14. Proprietary software of Seller or
its  Affiliates and licenses relating to Third Party software and 
maintenance agreements with respect thereto, other than transferable 
licenses relating to Third Party software installed on computers  included in
the Assets;   1.18.15. Contracts for Internet access or on-line  service
arrangements that provide to any Third Party or Affiliate of  Seller the
right to use the transmission capacity of a System to  provide Internet
access or other on-line services over such System,  other than those
disclosed on SCHEDULE 4.6;   1.18.16. Contracts and related accounts
receivable  for providing DMX service to commercial accounts via direct
broadcast  satellite;   1.18.17. Contracts for telephony services to be 
provided to subscribers of the Systems through the Assets;   1.18.18.
Intercompany receivables; and   1.18.19. The assets specifically disclosed
on  SCHEDULE 1.18.   1.19. Expanded Basic Service. Any video programming
provided  over a System, regardless of service tier, other than Basic
Services,  any new product tier and Pay TV.   1.20. FCC. The Federal
Communications Commission and any  successor Governmental Authority.   
1.21. Franchises. The franchises, permits and similar  authorizations
included among the Assets (other than Licenses)  described on SCHEDULE 4.5,
and   6  13  all rights and benefits of Seller and its Affiliates
pertaining  thereto, including the rights and benefits arising under Section
626 of  the Communications Act to the extent applicable to Franchises.  
1.22. GAAP. Generally accepted accounting principles as in  effect from time
to time in the United States of America.   1.23. Governmental Authority. (a)
The United States of  America; (b) any state, commonwealth, territory or
possession of the  United States of America and any political subdivision
thereof  (including counties, municipalities and the like); or (c) any
agency,  authority or instrumentality of any of the foregoing, including
any  court, tribunal, department, bureau, commission, board or  quasi-
governmental authority.   1.24. Hazardous Substances. Any pollutant,
contaminant,  chemical, industrial, toxic, hazardous or noxious substance or
waste  which is regulated by a Governmental Authority, including (a) any 
petroleum or petroleum compounds (refined or crude), flammable  substances,
explosives, radioactive materials or any other materials or  pollutants; (b)
any "hazardous waste" as defined by the Resource  Conservation and Recovery
Act of 1976 (RCRA) (42  U.S.C. Sections 6901 et seq.), as amended, and the
rules and  regulations promulgated thereunder; (c) any "hazardous substance"
as  defined by the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and 
Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. Sections 9601 et seq.) (CERCLA),  as
amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated the Reunder; (d)  any
substance regulated by the Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA) (42  U.S.C.
Sections 2601 et seq.), or the Federal Insecticide,  Fungicide and
Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) (7 U.S.C. Sections 136 et  seq.), each as amended,
and the rules and regulations promulgated  thereunder; (e) asbestos or
asbestos-containing material of any kind or  character; (f) polychlorinated
biphenyls; (g) any substances regulated  under the provisions of Subtitle I
of RCRA relating to underground  storage tanks; and (h) any materials or
substances designated as  "hazardous substances" pursuant to the Clean Water
Act (33 U.S.C. Sec.  1251 et seq.); (i) any substance the presence, use,
handling,  treatment, storage or disposal of which is regulated or prohibited
by  any Environmental Law (j) any other substance which by any 
Environmental Law requires special handling, reporting or notification  of
any Governmental Authority in its collection, storage, use,  treatment or
disposal or (k) any other substance which is regulated by  or pursuant to any
Environmental Law.   1.25. Intangibles. Subscriber lists, accounts
receivable,  claims (excluding any claims relating to Excluded Assets),
goodwill, if  any, and any other intangible asset owned or held by Seller and
used in  the Business.   1.26. Knowledge. The actual knowledge of a
particular matter  of (a) one or more of the principal corporate personnel of
Seller  involved in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
including  Alfredo Di Blasio, Dan Buchanan, Karla Tartz, John Anglin, Jeff
Walker  and Scott Peden, or (b) any of   7  14  the general managers (or
holders of positions of equivalent  responsibility) of the Systems.   1.27.
Legal Requirement. Any statute, ordinance, code, law,  rule, regulation,
permit, approval, order or other written requirement,  standard or procedure
enacted, adopted or applied by any Governmental  Authority, including any
judgment, writ, order, injunction, award or  decree of any court, judge,
justice or magistrate, including any  bankruptcy court or judge or the
arbitrator in any binding arbitration.   1.28. Licenses. The intangible
cable television channel  distribution rights, cable television relay service
("CARS"), business  radio and other licenses, earth station registrations,
authorizations,  consents or permits issued by the FCC or any other
Governmental  Authority and related to the Business, including material state
and  local business licenses, including those described on SCHEDULE 4.5 
(other than the Franchises) and all rights and benefits of Seller and  its
Affiliates pertaining thereto.   1.29. Losses. Any claims, losses,
liabilities, damages,  penalties, costs and expenses, including interest that
may be imposed  in connection therewith, expenses of investigation,
reasonable fees and  disbursements of counsel and other experts and
settlement costs.   1.30. Material Adverse Effect. A material adverse effect
on  the Assets, the Business, the operations, condition (financial or 
otherwise) or results of operations of the Systems taken as a whole, or  on
the ability of Seller to perform its obligations under this  Agreement, but
without taking into account any effect resulting from  (i) changes in
conditions (including economic conditions, changes in  FCC regulations or
federal governmental actions, legislation or  regulations) that are
applicable to the economy or the cable television  industry on a national
basis, (ii) any changes in technology affecting  the Business, or (iii) any
competition from the direct broadcast  satellite industry.   1.31. MVPD. A
distributor of cable television services,  multichannel multi-point
distribution service, direct broadcast  satellite service or television
receive only satellite programming, who  makes available for purchase, by
subscribers or customers, multiple  channels of video programming, other than
Persons distributing such  services only to multiple dwelling unit or other
commercial customers  (including hotels, motels, resorts, hospitals,
dormitories, prisons,  restaurants, bars and similar establishments).  
1.32. Pay TV. Premium programming services selected by and  sold to
subscribers of the Systems on an a la carte basis for fees in  addition to
the fee for Basic Services or Expanded Basic Services.   1.33. Permitted
Encumbrances. The following Encumbrances: (a)  liens for Taxes, assessments
and governmental charges not yet due and  payable;   8  15  (b) zoning
laws and ordinances and similar Legal Requirements; (c) any  right reserved
to any Governmental Authority to regulate the affected  property (including
restrictions stated in the Franchises and  Licenses); (d) in the case of any
leased Asset, (i) the rights of any  lessor and (ii) any Encumbrance granted
by any lessor of such leased  Asset; (e) inchoate materialmens\',
mechanics\', workmen\'s, repairmen\'s  or other like inchoate Encumbrances
arising in the ordinary course of  business which constitute Assumed
Obligations and Liabilities; (f) in  the case of owned Real Property, any
easements, rights-of-way,  servitudes, permits, restrictions and minor
imperfections or  irregularities in title which do not individually or in the
aggregate  materially interfere with the right or ability to use, own, enjoy
or  operate the Real Property as currently being used and which do not 
impair the value of the Real Property or interfere with Seller\'s  ability or
right to convey good, marketable and indefeasible fee simple  title to the
owned Real Property (or in the case of leased or other  Real Property, the
right to convey such leasehold or other interest);  (g) any Encumbrance
(other than an Encumbrance securing a monetary  obligation) that does not
individually or in the aggregate interfere  with the continued use of the
Assets subject thereto in the operation  of the Business as currently being
used; and (h) those Encumbrances  disclosed on SCHEDULE 1.33.   1.34.
Person. Any natural person, corporation, partnership,  trust, unincorporated
organization, association, limited liability  company, Governmental Authority
or other entity.   1.35. Real Property. The Assets owned or leased by Seller
or  any of its Affiliates and used or useful in the Business consisting of 
realty, including appurtenances, improvements (including towers and  headend
storage buildings) and fixtures located on such realty, and any  other
interests in real property, including fee interests, leasehold  interests and
easements, rights of access, licenses, wire crossing  permits, rights of
entry (but not including interests in real property  granted in Contracts in
connection with services provided by Seller to  the residents or occupants of
such real property, including access and  service Contracts with the owners
of multiple dwelling unit complexes),  options and rights of first
refusal.   1.36. Required Consents. All authorizations, approvals and 
consents required under or in connection with any Legal Requirement or  under
any Assets, Franchises, Licenses, Real Property or Contracts  required to be
disclosed on SCHEDULE 4.6, for (a) Seller to transfer  the Assets and the
Business to Buyer, and (b) Buyer to conduct the  Business and to own, lease,
use and operate the Assets and Systems at  the places and in the manner in
which the Business is conducted and the  Systems are operated as of the date
of this Agreement and on the  Closing Date.   1.37. Service Area. The
municipalities and counties in and  around which Seller operates the Systems
and the Business, which are  disclosed on SCHEDULE 1.39.   9  16  1.38.
System Employees. All employees of Seller or of any  Affiliate of Seller who
are primarily engaged in the operation of the  Business.   1.39. Systems.
The cable television systems listed on SCHEDULE  1.39, which operate in and
around the Service Area.   1.40. Taxes. All levies and assessments of any
kind or nature  imposed by any Governmental Authority, including all income,
sales,  use, offer, registration, ad valorem, value added, alternative or 
add-on minimum (including taxes under Section 59A of the Code),  franchise,
severance, net or gross proceeds, withholding, payroll,  employment, social
security (or similar), unemployment, disability,  excise, real or personal
property taxes and levies or assessments  related to unclaimed property,
together with any interest thereon and  any penalties, additions to Tax or
additional amounts applicable  thereto, whether disputed or not.   1.41.
Third Party. Any Person other than Seller or Buyer and  their respective
Affiliates.   1.42. Other Definitions. The following terms are defined in 
the Sections indicated:     Term Section  ---- -------   ~~   Action
10.4  Agreement preamble  Antitrust Division 6.7  Apportioned Obligations
6.10.2  Approved Leave of Absence 6.3.1  Assumed Obligations and Liabilities
2.2  ATandT; Parent preamble  Beneficiary 11.20.1  Bill of Sale 8.2(a) 
Buyer preamble  Buyer\'s Welfare Plans 6.3.5(a)(ii)  CARS 1.28  Code
8.2(e)  Disagreement Notice 3.3.1  ERISA 4.15.1  ERISA Affiliate 4.15.2 
Escrow Agent 3.3.1  Escrow Amount 3.3.1  FAA 6.2.5(xv)  FCC Rate Forms
6.2.5(vii)  Final Adjustments Report 3.3.2  Final Allocation 3.4    10 
17    Term Section  ---- -------   ~~   Financial Statements 4.11 
Franchise Consent Ratio 7.2.4  FTC 6.7  Guaranteed Obligations 11.20 
Guaranty 11.20  HSR Act 6.7  Hired Employee 6.3.1  Indemnified Party 10.4 
Indemnifying Party 10.4  NCE Agreement 6.3.7  New Properties 6.11  NSI
1.3  Offer/No Offer Schedule 6.3.1  Past Service 6.3.5(a)(ii)  Phase I
Assessment 6.25.1  Phase II Assessment 6.25.1  Preliminary Adjustments
Report 3.3.1  Prime Rate 11.13  Purchase Price 3.1  Qualified Intermediary
11.1  Related Agreement recitals  Retained Assets 6.5.4  Retained Assets
Management Agreement 6.5.4  Retained Franchises 6.5.4  Retained Purchase
Price 6.5.4  Seller preamble  Seller Plans 4.15.2  Subscriber Shortfall
3.2.7  Survival Period 10.1  System Employee Schedule 6.3.1  Taking 6.9.2 
Threshold Amount 10.5  Transaction Documents 4.2  Transfer Tax Returns
6.10.1  Transitional Billing Services 6.13  Transitional HSD Services 6.14 
Underlying Obligor 11.20  Underpayment 3.3.3  WARN 6.3.2   2. PURCHASE
AND SALE OF ASSETS; ASSUMED OBLIGATIONS AND LIABILITIES.   2.1. Purchase and
Sale of Assets. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement, at the Closing Time, Seller will sell to Buyer, and   11 
18 Buyer will purchase from Seller, free and clear of all Encumbrances
(except Permitted Encumbrances), the Assets.   2.2. Assumed Obligations and
Liabilities. At the Closing Time, Buyer will assume, and after the Closing
Time, Buyer will pay, discharge and perform, the following (the "Assumed
Obligations and Liabilities"): (a) those obligations and liabilities accruing
and relating to periods after the Closing Time under or with respect to the
Assets assigned and transferred to Buyer at the Closing; (b) those
obligations and liabilities of Seller to subscribers and customers
of Seller\'s Business for (i) subscriber deposits held by Seller as of the
Closing Date related to the Systems in the amount for which Buyer received
credit under Section 3.2 and (ii) customer, advertising and other advance
payments held by Seller as of the Closing Date related to the Systems in the
amount for which Buyer received credit under Section 3.2; (c) all obligations
and liabilities accruing and relating to the Business prior to the Closing
Time but only to the extent that Buyer received a credit pursuant to Section
3.2; and (d) all other obligations and liabilities accruing and relating to
periods after the Closing Time and arising out of Buyer\'s ownership of the
Assets or operation of the Systems after the Closing Time, except to the
extent that such obligations or liabilities relate to any Excluded Asset. All
obligations and liabilities, contingent, fixed or otherwise, arising out of
or relating to the Assets or the Systems other than the Assumed Obligations
and Liabilities will remain and be the obligations and liabilities solely of
Seller including any obligation, liability or claims relating to or arising
pursuant to (w) Taxes (including franchise fees) arising out of or relating
to the Assets or the Business and with respect to periods or portions thereof
ending on or prior to the Closing Time, (x) refunds of rates, charges or late
fees arising out of or relating to the Assets or the Business and with
respect to periods through and including the Closing Time, (y) any claim,
action, suit, proceeding, arbitration, investigation or hearing, any tolling,
settlement or license agreement with respect to any of the foregoing, or any
other activity or procedure, or any notice of any of the foregoing which
could result in any judgment, writ, order, injunction, award or decree of any
court, judge, justice or magistrate, including any bankruptcy court or judge
or the arbitrator in any binding arbitration, and any order of or by any
Governmental Authority arising out of or relating to the Assets or the
Business and commenced, or related to an event occurring, on or prior to the
Closing Time, or (z) credit, loan or other agreements arising out of or
relating to the Assets or the Business and pursuant to which Seller or any of
its Affiliates has created, incurred, assumed or guaranteed indebtedness for
borrowed money or under which any Encumbrance securing such indebtedness has
been or may be imposed on any Asset.   3. CONSIDERATION.   3.1. Purchase
Price. Buyer will pay to Seller for the Assets  total cash consideration of
$198,300,000 (the "Purchase Price"),  subject to adjustment as provided in
Section 3.2. The Purchase Price  will be paid at the Closing by wire   12 
19  transfer of immediately available funds pursuant to wire instructions 
delivered by Seller to Buyer no later than two Business Days prior to  the
Closing Date:   3.2. Adjustments to Purchase Price. The Purchase Price will
be  adjusted as follows:   3.2.1. Adjustments on a pro rata basis as of
the  Closing Time will be made for all prepaid expenses other than
inventory  (but only to the extent the full benefit of such prepaid expenses
will  be realizable within twelve (12) months after the Closing Date), 
accrued expenses (including real and personal property Taxes),  copyright
fees and franchise or license fees or charges, prepaid  income, subscriber
prepayments and accounts receivable related to the  Business, all as
determined in accordance with GAAP consistently  applied, and to reflect the
principle that all expenses and income  attributable to the Business for the
period through and including the  Closing Time are for the account of Seller,
and all expenses and income  attributable to the Business for the period
after the Closing Time are  for the account of Buyer. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Purchase  Price will only be increased by 98% of the accounts
receivable;  provided, further, that Seller will receive no credit for (a)
any  accounts receivable resulting from cable television services or 
Internet access or high speed data services of which more than $7.50 is  60
days or more past due from the billing date as of the Closing Date,  (b) any
accounts receivable resulting from advertising sales of which  any portion is
120 days or more past due from the date of invoice as of  the Closing Date,
and (c) accounts receivable from customers whose  accounts are inactive as of
the Closing Date. For purposes of making  "past due" calculations under
clause (a) of the preceding sentence, the  billing statements of a System
will be deemed to be due and payable on  the first day of the period during
which the service to which such  billing statements relate is provided.  
3.2.2. The Purchase Price will be decreased by the  amount of all advance
payments to, or funds of Third Parties on deposit  with, Seller as of the
Closing Time and relating to the Business,  including advance payments and
deposits by subscribers served by the  Business for converters, encoders,
decoders, cable modems, cable  television services and related sales.  
3.2.3. The Purchase Price will be decreased by the  amount of the economic
value of all accrued vacation time that Buyer  credits after the Closing Time
to Hired Employees pursuant to Section  6.3, where economic value is the
amount equal to the cash compensation  that would be payable to each such
Hired Employee at his or her level  of compensation on the Closing Date for a
period equal to such credited  accrued vacation.   3.2.4. The Purchase
Price will be increased by the  amount of all deposits relating to the
Business and the operation of  the Systems that are held by Third Parties as
of the Closing Time for  the account of Seller which relate to the Systems or
are held as  security for Seller\'s performance of its obligations,   13 
20  including deposits on leases and deposits for utilities, but excluding 
those which are or relate to Excluded Assets or the full benefit of  which
will not be available to Buyer following the Closing, and such  deposits will
become the property of Buyer.   3.2.5. The Purchase Price will be decreased
by an  amount equal to the excess (if any) of the total amount of capital 
expenditures set forth on the Systems\' capital budget (a copy of which  has
been provided to Buyer) over the actual amount of capital  expenditures as of
the Closing Time made for such projects since  December 31, 2000. The
Purchase Price will be increased by an amount  equal to the capital
expenditures not included in such capital budget  and incurred by Seller at
Buyer\'s request in accordance with Section  6.2.2(y).   3.2.6. The
Purchase Price will be decreased by  $270,000 in respect of deferred revenue
related to the portion of the  Business conducted by NSI.   3.2.7. The
Purchase Price will be decreased by the  dollar amount equal to the product
of (i) 56.66% of the Subscriber  Shortfall multiplied by (ii) $2,371. For
purposes of this Agreement,  the "Subscriber Shortfall" equals the number, if
any, by which the  aggregate of the Equivalent Basic Subscribers for the
Systems and the  "Equivalent Basic Subscribers" for the "Systems," as
described in the  Related Agreement, as of the Closing Time is less than
146,124.   3.2.8. The adjustments provided for in this Section  3.2 will be
made without duplication under this Agreement or the  Related Agreement. In
addition, none of the adjustments provided for in  this Section 3.2 will be
made with respect to any Excluded Asset or  with respect to any item of
income or expense related to an Excluded  Asset.   3.2.9. The net amount of
the adjustments calculated  under this Section 3.2, as preliminarily
determined pursuant to Section  3.3.1, will be added or subtracted, as
applicable, to the Purchase  Price at the Closing.   3.3. Determination of
Adjustments. Preliminary and final  adjustments to the Purchase Price will be
determined as follows:   3.3.1. Not later than a date Seller reasonably 
believes is at least five Business Days prior to the Closing, Seller  will
deliver to Buyer a report (the "Preliminary Adjustments Report"),  showing in
detail the good faith preliminary determination of the  adjustments referred
to in Section 3.2, which have been calculated as  of the Closing Time (or as
of any other date and time agreed by the  parties) and appropriate documents
substantiating the adjustments  proposed in the Preliminary Adjustments
Report. Buyer will have three  Business Days following receipt of the
Preliminary Adjustments Report  to review such Report and supporting
information and to notify Seller  of any disagreements of Buyer with
Seller\'s estimates. If Buyer  provides a notice of disagreement (the  
14  21  "Disagreement Notice") with Seller\'s estimates of the adjustments 
referred to in Section 3.2 within such three Business Day period, Buyer  and
Seller will negotiate in good faith to resolve any such dispute and  to reach
an agreement prior to the Closing Date on such estimated  adjustments as of
the Closing Time. The basis for determining the  Purchase Price to be paid at
the Closing will be (a) the estimate so  agreed upon by Buyer and Seller, (b)
if the parties do not reach such  an agreement on the estimated amount of the
adjustments set forth in  the Preliminary Adjustments Report prior to the
Closing Date and the  amount in dispute is less than or equal to $1,650,000
or if Buyer fails  to provide a notice of disagreement with Seller\'s
estimates of such  adjustments within the requisite time provided, the
estimates of such  adjustments set forth in the Preliminary Adjustments
Report or (c) if  the parties do not reach such an agreement on the estimated
amount of  the adjustments set forth in the Preliminary Adjustments Report
prior  to the Closing Date and the amount in dispute is greater than 
$1,650,000, the estimates of such adjustments set forth in the  Preliminary
Adjustments Report less (i) an amount equal to the excess  (if any) of (A)
the Purchase Price based on the adjustments proposed by  Seller set forth in
the Preliminary Adjustments Report, over (B) the  Purchase Price based on
Buyer\'s estimate of such adjustments set forth  in the Disagreement Notice
or (ii) $2,750,000, whichever is less (the  "Escrow Amount"). If the Purchase
Price to be paid at Closing is  determined under (c) above, Buyer will
deposit the Escrow Amount into  an escrow account (which will be held by
Chase Manhattan Bank or other  escrow agent which is mutually acceptable to
Buyer and Seller (the  "Escrow Agent") and governed by an escrow agreement
substantially in  the form of EXHIBIT B).   3.3.2. Within 90 days after the
Closing Date, Seller  will deliver to Buyer a report (the "Final Adjustments
Report") showing  in detail the final determination of all adjustments which
were not  calculated as of the Closing Time and containing any corrections to
the  Preliminary Adjustments Report, together with appropriate documents 
substantiating the adjustments proposed in the Final Adjustments  Report.
Buyer will provide Seller with reasonable access to all records  that Buyer
has in its possession and which are necessary for Seller to  prepare the
Final Adjustments Report.   3.3.3. Within 30 days after receipt of the
Final  Adjustments Report, Buyer will give Seller written notice of
Buyer\'s  objections, if any, to the Final Adjustments Report. If Buyer
timely  makes any such objection, the parties will agree on any items, if
any,  which are not in dispute within 30 days after Seller\'s receipt of 
Buyer\'s notice of objections to the Final Adjustments Report. Any  disputed
amounts will be determined by the accounting firm of Deloitte  and Touche,
which will be obligated to determine such amounts within 90  days after the
dispute is submitted to it, and the determination of  which will be
conclusive. Seller and Buyer will bear equally the fees  and expenses payable
to such firm in connection with such  determination. If the Purchase Price,
as finally determined, exceeds  the estimated Purchase Price actually paid to
Seller at the Closing  (such excess, the "Underpayment") and Buyer made a
deposit into escrow  pursuant to   15  22  Section 3.3.1, then Buyer and
Seller will instruct the Escrow Agent to  release to Seller the amount of the
Underpayment, and to release to  Buyer any remaining funds in the escrow
account. If either (i) the  amounts released to Seller from the escrow
account are less than the  amount of the Underpayment or (ii) no deposit to
the escrow account was  made pursuant to Section 3.3.1, Buyer will pay to
Seller an amount  equal to the Underpayment minus the amount, if any,
released to Seller  from the escrow account. If the estimated Purchase Price
paid at the  Closing exceeds the Purchase Price, as finally determined, then
Buyer  and Seller will instruct the Escrow Agent to release all funds, if
any,  in the escrow account to Buyer and Seller will pay to Buyer an amount 
equal to the excess of the Purchase Price, as finally determined, over  the
estimated Purchase Price paid at the Closing. Any such payments  will be made
by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the  other party within
three Business Days after the final determination of  all disputed items.  
3.4. Allocation of Purchase Price. No later than 120 days  after Closing,
Buyer will deliver to Seller a written estimate of the  allocation of the
Purchase Price, as finally determined pursuant to  Section 3.3, and the
Assumed Obligations and Liabilities, among the  Assets, as such Assets
existed immediately prior to the Closing Time.  The parties will use
reasonable good faith efforts to agree on the  final allocation of the
Purchase Price and the Assumed Obligations and  Liabilities among the Assets
within 60 days after delivery of Buyer\'s  estimate of such allocation (the
"Final Allocation"). In determining  the Final Allocation, the Purchase Price
and the Assumed Obligations  and Liabilities will be allocated between the
tangible assets and the  Franchises acquired by Buyer by allocating to the
tangible assets  amounts equal to the book value of such tangible assets on
the Closing  Date and the remainder to the Franchises. Each Seller and Buyer
will  timely file any forms required to be filed under Section 1060 of the 
Code and any corresponding provision of state or local tax law. In  addition,
Seller and Buyer each agree (i) to file all Tax returns and  determine all
Taxes (including, without limitation, for purposes of  Section 1060 of the
Code) in accordance with and based upon the Final  Allocation and (ii) not to
take any position inconsistent with such  Final Allocation in any audit or
judicial or administrative proceeding  or otherwise.   4. REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER.   All of the entities comprising Seller jointly
and severally represent and warrant to Buyer, as of the date of this
Agreement and as of the Closing, as follows:   4.1. Organization and
Qualification. Each entity comprising  Seller is duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under  the laws of the state of its
organization and has all requisite power  and authority to own, lease and use
the Assets as they are currently  owned, leased and used and to conduct the
Business as it is currently  conducted. Each entity comprising Seller is duly
qualified to do  business and is in good standing under the laws of each
jurisdiction  where it operates the Business.   16  23  4.2. Authority
and Validity. Seller has all requisite power  and authority to execute and
deliver, to perform its obligations under,  and to consummate the
transactions contemplated by, this Agreement and  all other documents and
instruments to be executed and delivered in  connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement  (collectively, the "Transaction Documents")
to which Seller is a party.  The execution and delivery by Seller of this
Agreement has been duly  authorized by all requisite entity action. The
execution and delivery  by Seller of the Transaction Documents to which
Seller is a party, the  performance by Seller of its obligations under and
the consummation by  Seller of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and the  Transaction Documents to which Seller is a party have
been, or will by  the Closing Date be, duly authorized by all requisite
entity action.  This Agreement is, and when executed and delivered by Seller
the  Transaction Documents will be, the valid and binding obligations of 
Seller, enforceable against Seller in accordance with their respective 
terms, except insofar as enforceability may be affected by applicable 
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws now  or
hereafter in effect affecting creditors\' rights generally or by  principles
governing the availability of equitable remedies.   4.3. No Conflict;
Required Consents. Subject to obtaining the  Required Consents, all of which
are disclosed on SCHEDULE 4.3, and the  receipt of any consent required or
the expiration or termination of the  applicable waiting period under the HSR
Act, the execution and delivery  by Seller, the performance of Seller under,
and the consummation by  Seller of the transactions contemplated by, this
Agreement and the  Transaction Documents to which Seller is a party do not
and will not:  (a) conflict with or violate any provision of the
organizational  documents of Seller; (b) violate any Legal Requirement in any
material  respect; (c) require any consent, waiver, approval or authorization
of,  or any filing with or notice to, any Governmental Authority or other 
Person; or (d) (i) violate, conflict with or constitute a breach of or 
default under (without regard to requirements of notice, lapse of time  or
elections of other Persons or any combination thereof), (ii) permit  or
result in the termination, suspension or modification of, (iii)  result in
the acceleration of (or give any Person the right to  accelerate) the
performance of Seller under, or (iv) result in the  creation or imposition of
any Encumbrance under, any Contract,  Franchise or License or any other
instrument evidencing any of the  Assets, or any instrument or other
agreement by which any of the Assets  is bound or affected, except for
purposes of clauses (c) or (d), above,  any consents, waivers, approvals or
authorizations required under any  bulk Contracts relating to multiple
dwelling units with less than 250  units.   4.4. Assets. Seller has good
and marketable title in and to  (or, in the case of Assets that are leased,
valid leasehold interests  in) the Assets (other than Real Property, as to
which the  representations and warranties in Section 4.7 apply). The Assets
are  free and clear of all Encumbrances, except (a) Permitted Encumbrances, 
(b) rights of first refusal stated in the Franchises and Licenses, each  of
which will be waived by the Person holding such right prior to the   17 
24  Closing, and (c) Encumbrances disclosed on SCHEDULE 4.4. Except for the 
Excluded Assets, the Assets are all the assets necessary to permit  Buyer to
conduct the Business and to operate the Systems substantially  as the
Business is being conducted and the Systems are being operated  on the date
of this Agreement and in compliance with all applicable  Legal Requirements
and to perform all of the Assumed Obligations and  Liabilities. Except as
disclosed on SCHEDULE 4.4, all of the Equipment  is in good operating
condition and repair, ordinary wear and tear  excepted, and is adequate for
the operation of the Business.   4.5. Franchises and Licenses. Except as
disclosed on SCHEDULE  4.5, Seller is not bound or affected by any (a)
"franchise," as such  term is defined in Section 602 of the Communications
Act (47 U.S.C.  522), in connection with the operation of the Business, (b)
license,  authorization or permit issued by the FCC that relates to the
Systems  or the operation of the Business or (c) any licenses, authorizations
or  permits of any other Governmental Authority (other than those described 
in clauses (a) or (b)) which are individually or in the aggregate  material
to the Business or the Systems. Seller has provided Buyer with  access to
true and complete copies of each Franchise and License  disclosed on SCHEDULE
4.5. SCHEDULE 4.5 discloses the specific Seller  bound or affected by each
Franchise. To the extent that SCHEDULE 4.5  fails to disclose the specific
Seller bound or affected by each item  listed thereon or any license,
authorization or permit of any  Governmental Authority, Seller will provide
such information to Buyer  within 30 days after the date of this Agreement.
Except as disclosed on  SCHEDULE 4.5, the Franchises and Licenses are
currently in full force  and effect under all applicable Legal Requirements
according to their  terms and Seller is not in breach or default of any terms
or conditions  thereunder and no event has occurred that, with notice or
lapse of time  or both would constitute a breach, violation or default
thereunder by  Seller. Except as disclosed on SCHEDULE 4.5, there is no legal
action,  governmental proceeding or investigation, pending or, to Seller\'s 
Knowledge, threatened, to terminate, suspend or modify any Franchise or 
License. Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 4.5, (a) the Franchises  contain all
of the commitments of Seller to the applicable Governmental  Authority
granting such Franchises with respect to the construction,  ownership and
operation of the Systems, and (b) other than as set forth  in the Franchises,
Seller has not made any commitment to any local  franchising authority to
make any expenditure or capital addition or  betterment to any System or the
Assets that will not be fulfilled or  satisfied prior to the Closing Time. As
of the date of this Agreement,  except as disclosed on SCHEDULE 4.5, and
other than any satellite  master antenna television system which serves fewer
than 1000 dwelling  units and direct broadcast satellite television, with
respect to each  area in which the Systems currently provide cable television
service:  (a) no Third Party is operating a cable television system or
other  non-satellite MVPD other than a System in such area; (b) no 
construction programs have been substantially undertaken, or, to the 
Knowledge of Seller, are proposed to be undertaken, by any municipality  or
Third Party wireline cable television operator in the Service Area,  (c) no
franchise has been, or, to the Knowledge of Seller, is proposed  to be,
granted to   18  25  any Third Party in the Service Area, other than
franchises included in  the Assets; and (d) to the Knowledge of Seller, no
Third Party MVPD has  applied for a cable television franchise or open video
system or  similar authorization to serve such area.   4.6. Contracts. All
Contracts are disclosed on SCHEDULE 4.6,  except for: (a) subscription
agreements with individual residential  subscribers or commercial
establishments for the cable services  provided by the Systems in the
ordinary course of business; (b)  miscellaneous service Contracts with
Seller\'s vendors terminable at  will or upon notice of 30 days or less
without penalty; (c) Contracts  not involving any monetary obligation in
excess of $25,000; (d) bank  financing documents; (e) Contracts constituting
Excluded Assets; and  (f) Contracts relating to services provided by Seller
to residents of  multiple dwelling unit complexes or to commercial accounts.
Without  limiting the foregoing, SCHEDULE 4.6 discloses all programming 
agreements, wireline crossing agreement, pole attachment agreements,  fiber
leases, Contracts between Seller and its Affiliates,  retransmission consent
agreements, capital leases of personal property  and agreements limiting the
right of the Systems to compete, except, in  each case, such Contracts that
are Excluded Assets. Seller has provided  Buyer with access to true and
complete copies of each of the written  Contracts disclosed on SCHEDULE 4.6
and will provide Buyer access to  all other Contracts (including descriptions
of oral Contracts) of  Seller within 30 days after the date of this
Agreement. Seller will  further provide Buyer with a complete list of all
multiple dwelling  unit complexes served by the Systems as of the date
specified in such  list. Each Contract is in full force and effect and
constitutes the  valid, legal, binding and enforceable obligation of Seller,
and Seller  is not in breach or default of any terms or conditions
thereunder. To  Seller\'s Knowledge no other party thereto is, in breach or
default of  any material terms or conditions thereunder.   4.7. Real
Property.   4.7.1. All of the Assets consisting of Real Property  interests
are disclosed on SCHEDULE 4.7. To the extent that SCHEDULE  4.7 fails to
disclose the specific Seller holding each interest listed  thereon, Seller
will provide such information to Buyer within 30 days  after the date of this
Agreement. Except as otherwise disclosed on  SCHEDULE 4.7, Seller is the sole
owner (both legal and equitable) and  holds, or at the time of the Closing
will hold, good and marketable fee  simple absolute title to each parcel of
Real Property disclosed as  being owned by Seller on SCHEDULE 4.7 or is
otherwise owned by Seller  and all buildings, structures and improvements
thereon and has the  valid and enforceable right to use and possess such
owned Real Property  and improvements, in each case free and clear of all
Encumbrances  except for Permitted Encumbrances. Seller has valid and
enforceable  leasehold interests in the Real Property disclosed as being
leased by  Seller on SCHEDULE 4.7 or is otherwise leased by Seller and,
with  respect to other Real Property not owned or leased by Seller, Seller 
has the valid and enforceable right to use all other Real Property 
pursuant   19  26  to the easements, licenses, rights-of-way or other
rights disclosed on  SCHEDULE 4.7 or is otherwise used by Seller, and all
improvements  thereon owned by Seller and included in the Assets, in each
case free  and clear of all Encumbrances except for Permitted Encumbrances.
With  respect to leasehold interests and other material interests in Real 
Property, Seller is not in breach or default of any terms or conditions  of
any written instrument relating thereto and, to Seller\'s Knowledge,  no
other party thereto is in material breach or default of any terms or 
conditions of any such written instrument.   4.7.2. There are no leases or
other agreements, oral  or written, granting to any Person other than Seller
the right to  occupy or use any Real Property, except as disclosed on
SCHEDULE 4.7.  Seller has provided Buyer with access to true and complete
copies of  each of the written leases and other agreements disclosed on
SCHEDULE  4.7, including all amendments and addenda thereto. Each parcel of
Real  Property owned or leased by Seller, any improvements constructed 
thereon and their current use, conforms in all material respects to (a)  all
applicable Legal Requirements, and (b) all restrictive covenants,  if any, or
other Encumbrances affecting all or part of such Real  Property.   4.7.3.
Except as disclosed on SCHEDULE 4.7, each  parcel of owned Real Property and
each parcel of leased Real Property  (a) has access to and over public
streets or private streets for which  Seller has a valid right of ingress and
egress, (b) conforms in its  current use and occupancy in all material
respects to all zoning  requirements and (c) conforms in its current use in
all material  respects to all restrictive covenants, if any, or other
Encumbrances  affecting all or part of such parcel. There are no pending or,
to  Seller\'s Knowledge, threatened condemnation actions or special 
assessments or proceedings for changes in the zoning with respect to  such
Real Property or any part thereof and Seller has not received any  notice of
the desire of any Governmental Authority or other entity to  take or use any
Real Property or any part thereof. Seller has complied  in all material
respects with all notices or orders to correct  violations of Legal
Requirements issued by any Governmental Authority  having jurisdiction
against or affecting any of the Real Property.   4.8. Environmental
Matters.   4.8.1. Except as disclosed on SCHEDULE 4.8: (a) to  the
Knowledge of Seller, the Real Property currently complies in all  material
respects with Environmental Laws; (b) neither the Real  Property owned by
Seller nor, to the Knowledge of Seller, the Real  Property leased by Seller
is the subject of any court order,  administrative order or decree arising
under any Environmental Law; and  (c) the Real Property has not been used by
Seller for the generation,  storage, discharge or disposal of any Hazardous
Substances except as  permitted under Environmental Laws. Except as disclosed
on SCHEDULE  4.8, Seller has not received any written notice from any
Governmental  Authority alleging that the Real Property is in violation of
any  Environmental Law, and no claim based on   20  27  any Environmental
Law has been asserted to Seller in writing in the  past or is currently
pending or, to the Knowledge of Seller,  threatened, with respect to any Real
Property.   4.8.2. Seller has provided Buyer with complete and  correct
copies of (a) all studies, reports, surveys or other materials  in Seller\'s
possession or to which Seller has access relating to the  actual or alleged
presence, use, generation, release or disposal of  Hazardous Substances at,
on, under or affecting the Real Property, (b)  all notices or other materials
in Seller\'s possession or to which  Seller has access that were received
from any Governmental Authority  respecting any Environmental Laws relating
to the current or past  ownership, use or operation of the Real Property or
activities at the  Real Property and (c) all notices and other materials in
Seller\'s  possession or to which Seller has access relating to any
litigation or  claim relating to the Real Property or other Assets or
concerning any  Environmental Law.   4.9. Compliance with Legal
Requirements. Except as set forth  on SCHEDULE 4.9:   4.9.1. The ownership,
leasing and use of the Assets  as they are currently owned, leased and used,
and the conduct of the  Business as it is currently conducted, do not violate
or infringe in  any material respect any Legal Requirements currently in
effect (other  than Legal Requirements described in Section 4.9.4, as to
which the  representations and warranties set forth in that subsection will 
exclusively apply). Seller has not received any notice of, and Seller  has no
Knowledge of, any basis for the allegation of any such violation  or
infringement.   4.9.2. A valid request for renewal has been duly and 
timely filed under Section 626 of the Communications Act with the  proper
Governmental Authority with respect to all Franchises that have  expired
prior to, or will expire within 30 months after, the date of  this Agreement.
Seller has not received notice from any Governmental  Authority that it has
determined or intends to deny renewal of any  Franchise to which Seller is a
party.   4.9.3. Seller has complied, and the Business is in  material
compliance with the Communications Act and the rules and  regulations of the
FCC, including all regulatory filings required  thereunder and the technical
standards set forth in Part 76, Subpart K,  and with Section 111 of the U.S.
Copyright Act of 1976 and the  applicable rules and regulations of the U.S.
Copyright Office and the  Register of Copyrights, including the filing of all
required Statements  of Account with respect to each System since Seller\'s
acquisition of  such System.   4.9.4. Notwithstanding the foregoing and
except as  specifically limited herein, to Seller\'s Knowledge, each System
is in  compliance with the provisions of the Communications Act and FCC 
regulations, including provisions   21  28  pertaining to signal leakage,
utility pole make ready, grounding and  bonding of cable television systems
(in each case as the same is  currently in effect). Seller has complied with
the must carry,  retransmission consent, and commercial leased access
provisions of the  Communications Act and FCC regulations as they relate to
the Systems.  Seller has used commercially reasonable good faith efforts to
establish  rates charged to subscribers, effective since September 1, 1993,
that  would be allowable under the Communications Act, and rules and 
regulations promulgated by the FCC, and any authoritative  interpretation
thereof now or then in effect, whether or not such rates  were subject to
regulation at that date by any Governmental Authority,  including any state
regulatory agency, local franchising authority and  the FCC. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Seller makes no representation  or warranty that either the
rates charged to subscribers of the Systems  would be allowable under any
rules and regulations of the FCC or any  authoritative interpretation
thereof, promulgated after the Closing  Date.   4.9.5. All necessary FAA
approvals have been obtained  and all necessary FCC tower registrations have
been filed with respect  to the height and location of towers used in
connection with the  operation of the Systems, and such towers are being
operated in  compliance in all material respects with applicable FCC and FAA
rules.   4.10. Patents, Trademarks and Copyrights. To the Knowledge of 
Seller, the operation of the Business as currently conducted does not 
violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person in any copyright, 
trademark, service mark, patent, license, trade secret or similar 
intellectual property right.   4.11. Financial Statements. Seller has
delivered to Buyer  correct and complete copies of its unaudited balance
sheets and  unaudited statements of operations for the Systems as of and for
the  periods ended December 31, 1999 and December 31, 2000 (the "Financial 
Statements"). The Financial Statements are in accordance with the books  and
records of Seller and fairly present, in all material respects,  Seller\'s
financial position and results of operations as of the dates  and for the
periods indicated, subject to normal year-end adjustments,  allocations and
accruals (none of which are deemed to be material to  the operating cash flow
of Seller). The Financial Statements reflect  the fully allocated costs of
operating the Systems, including all  employee costs associated with
operating the Systems. The Financial  Statements have been prepared in
accordance with GAAP, applied on a  consistent basis throughout the periods
covered thereby, except that  they do not (a) reflect income taxes, (b)
contain a statement of cash  flows, (c) contain footnotes, or (d) fully
reflect the allocation of  ATandT; Corp.\'s purchase price to acquire Tele-
Communications, Inc. for  the 1999 period. Such purchase price allocations
would primarily affect  franchise costs, property and equipment, depreciation
and amortization.   4.12. Absence of Certain Changes. Except as disclosed
on  SCHEDULE 4.12, since December 31, 2000: (a) no event or circumstance 
has occurred which, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably  be
expected to have a   22  29  Material Adverse Effect; (b) Seller has
operated the Business only in  the usual, regular and ordinary course; and
(c) there has been no sale,  assignment or transfer of any material Assets,
or any theft, damage,  removal, destruction or casualty loss of any material
property. As of  the date of this Agreement, since December 31, 2000, there
has been no  material change in accounting principles or practices with
respect to  the Business or revaluation by Seller of the Assets for
financial  reporting, property tax or other purposes.   4.13. Legal
Proceedings. Except as disclosed on SCHEDULE 4.13,  (a) there is no judgment
or order outstanding, or any action, suit,  complaint, proceeding or
investigation by or before any Governmental  Authority or any arbitrator
pending, or to Seller\'s Knowledge,  threatened, involving or affecting all
or any part of the Business or  Seller, except as would not reasonably be
expected to materially  adversely affect the Systems or the Business; (b)
there are no claims,  actions, suits, proceedings or investigations pending
or, to Seller\'s  Knowledge, threatened, by or before any Governmental
Authority, or any  arbitrator, by, against, affecting or relating to Seller
which, if  adversely determined, would restrain or enjoin the consummation of
the  transactions contemplated by this Agreement or declare unlawful the 
transactions or events contemplated by this Agreement or cause any of  such
transactions to be rescinded; and (c) there are no current rate  proceedings,
must-carry complaints or other actions, suits, complaints,  proceedings or
investigations pending against Seller alleging  noncompliance by the Systems
of any Franchise or License.   4.14. Tax Returns; Other Reports. Seller has
duly and timely  filed all federal, state, local and foreign Tax returns and
other Tax  reports required to be filed by Seller, and has timely paid all
Taxes  which have become due and payable, whether or not so shown on any
such  return or report, the failure of which to be filed or paid could 
adversely affect or result in the imposition of an Encumbrance upon the 
Assets or create any transferee or other liability upon Buyer, except  such
amounts as are being contested diligently and in good faith.  Except as
disclosed on SCHEDULE 4.14, Seller has received no notice of,  nor does
Seller have any Knowledge of, any deficiency, assessment or  audit, or
proposed deficiency, assessment or audit from any taxing  Governmental
Authority which could affect or result in the imposition  of an Encumbrance
upon the Assets or create any transferee or other  liability upon Buyer.
Except as disclosed on SCHEDULE 4.14, the Assets  are not subject to any
joint venture, partnership or other arrangement  or contract which is treated
as a partnership for Federal Income tax  purposes.   4.15. Employment
Matters.   4.15.1. Seller has complied in all material respects  with all
applicable Legal Requirements relating to the employment of  labor, including
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974,  as amended ("ERISA"),
continuation coverage requirements with respect  to group health plans, and
those relating to wages, hours, collective  bargaining, unemployment
insurance,   23  30  worker\'s compensation, equal employment opportunity,
discrimination,  immigration control and the payment and withholding of
Taxes.   4.15.2. For purposes of this Agreement, "Seller  Plans" means (a)
each employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3)  of ERISA), other than
any defined benefit plan subject to Title IV of  ERISA or any multiemployer
plan (as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA),  which is sponsored or
maintained by Seller or its ERISA Affiliates or  to which Seller contributes,
and which benefits System Employees, or  (b) each multiemployer plan (as
defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA) or  defined benefit plan subject to Title
IV of ERISA sponsored or  maintained by Seller or any of Seller\'s ERISA
Affiliates or to which  Seller or any of its ERISA Affiliates is obligated to
contribute. The  Seller Plans in which any System Employee participates are
disclosed on  SCHEDULE 4.15.2. None of Seller, any Seller Plan other than a 
multiemployer plan (as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA), or, to the 
Knowledge of Seller, any Seller Plan that is a multiemployer plan (as 
defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA), is in material violation of any 
provision of ERISA or the Code for which Buyer will have any liability  after
the Closing Date. No (i) "reportable event" described in Sections 
4043(c)(1), (2), (3), (5), (6), (7), (10) and (13) of ERISA, (ii)  non-exempt
"prohibited transaction" (as defined in Section 406 of ERISA  or Section 4975
of the Code), (iii) "accumulated funding deficiency"  (as defined in Section
302 of ERISA) or (iv) "withdrawal liability" (as  determined under Section
4201 et seq. of ERISA) has occurred or exists  and is continuing with respect
to any Seller Plan. "ERISA Affiliate"  means, as to any Person, any trade or
business, whether or not  incorporated, which together with such Person would
be deemed a single  employer as determined under Section 4001 of ERISA. There
are no Liens  against the Assets under Section 412(n) of the Code or Sections
302(f)  or 4068 of ERISA. At the Closing, Buyer will have no obligation to 
contribute to, or any liability in respect of, any Seller Plan, or any 
similar employment, severance or other arrangement or policy (whether 
written or oral) providing for insurance coverage (including  self-insured
arrangements), workers\' compensation, disability benefits,  supplemental
unemployment benefits, vacation benefits (except as  provided in this
Agreement), fringe benefits or retirement benefits, or  for profit sharing,
deferred compensation, bonuses, stock options,  stock appreciation or other
forms of incentive compensation or  post-retirement insurance, compensation
or benefits, sponsored or  maintained by Seller or any of its ERISA
Affiliates, or to which Seller  or any of its ERISA Affiliates is obligated
to contribute.   4.15.3. Except as disclosed on SCHEDULE 4.15, as of  the
date of this Agreement, no collective bargaining agreements are  applicable
to any System Employee and Seller has no duty to bargain  with any labor
organization with respect to any System Employees. None  of the collective
bargaining agreements applicable to any System  Employee require Seller to
impose the collective bargaining agreement  upon Buyer. Except as disclosed
on SCHEDULE 4.15, as of the date of  this Agreement, there are not pending,
or to Seller\'s Knowledge,  threatened, any labor disputes, unfair labor
practice charges,   24  31  material labor arbitration proceedings or
labor grievances against  Seller, any demand for recognition or any other
request or demand from  a labor organization for representative status with
respect to any  System Employee. Except as disclosed on SCHEDULE 4.15, Seller
has no  employment agreements, either written or oral, with any System 
Employee. Except as disclosed on SCHEDULE 4.15, there are no work  stoppages,
strikes or other concerted activities by employees of Seller  pending, or to
Seller\'s Knowledge, threatened against Seller.   4.16. System Information.
With respect to each of the Systems,  disclosed on SCHEDULE 4.16 are (a) the
approximate number of plant  miles (aerial and underground) for the System,
(b) the minimum  bandwidth capability, channel capacity and two-way
capability of each  headend, (c) the stations and signals carried by the
System and (d) the  channel position of each such signal and station
(including a  designation of which broadcast stations are distributed
pursuant to a  retransmission consent and which are distributed pursuant to
a  must-carry election), which information is true and correct in all 
material respects, in each case as of the applicable dates specified  therein
and subject to any qualifications set forth therein. Also  disclosed on
SCHEDULE 4.16 are the approximate number of homes passed  by the System, and
the number of subscribers of the System as of the  applicable dates and
calculated pursuant to the methodology specified  therein. Seller has
delivered to Buyer information on the channel  lineups and the monthly rates
charged for each class of service for the  Systems (including installation
charges), which information is true and  correct in all material respects, in
each case as of the applicable  dates specified therein and subject to any
qualifications set forth  therein.   4.17. Finders and Brokers. Other than
Daniels and Associates  (whose fees will be paid by Seller), Seller has not
employed any  financial advisor, broker or finder or incurred any liability
for any  financial advisory, brokerage, finder\'s or similar fee or
commission in  connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement for  which Buyer could be liable.   4.18. Disclosure. Any item
required to be disclosed on more  than one Schedule to this Agreement will be
deemed properly disclosed  on another Schedule if it is disclosed on any
Schedule to this  Agreement, as long as such disclosure includes an
appropriate  cross-reference or it is reasonably apparent from the face and
context  of the item disclosed that it should be disclosed on such other 
Schedule.   5. BUYER\'S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.   Buyer represents
and warrants to Seller, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the
Closing, as follows:   5.1. Organization and Qualification. Buyer is a
limited  liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing  under the laws of Delaware and has all requisite power and
authority to  carry on its business as   25  32  currently conducted and
to own, lease, use and operate its assets.  Buyer is duly qualified to do
business and is in good standing under  the laws of each jurisdiction in
which the character of the properties  owned, leased or operated by it or the
nature of the activities  conducted by it makes such qualification
necessary.   5.2. Authority and Validity. Buyer has all requisite power
and  authority to execute and deliver, to perform its obligations under,
and  to consummate the transactions contemplated by, this Agreement and the 
Transaction Documents. The execution and delivery by Buyer of, the 
performance by Buyer of its obligations under, and the consummation by  Buyer
of the transactions contemplated by, this Agreement and the  Transaction
Documents to which Buyer is a party have been duly  authorized by all
requisite entity action. This Agreement is, and when  executed and delivered
by Buyer, the Transaction Documents will be, the  valid and binding
obligations of Buyer, enforceable in accordance with  their respective terms,
except insofar as enforceability may be limited  or affected by applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,  moratorium or similar laws now or
hereafter in effect affecting  creditors\' rights generally or by principles
governing the availability  of equitable remedies.   5.3. No Conflicts;
Required Consents. Subject to the receipt  of any consent or the expiration
or termination of the applicable  waiting period under the HSR Act, and
assuming the Required Consents  have been obtained, the execution and
delivery by Buyer, the  performance of Buyer under, and the consummation by
Buyer of the  transactions contemplated by, this Agreement and the
Transaction  Documents to which Buyer is a party do not and will not: (a)
violate  any provision of the organizational documents of Buyer; (b) violate
any  material Legal Requirement; or (c) require any consent, waiver, 
approval or authorization of, or any filing with or notice to, any 
Person.   5.4. Finders and Brokers. Buyer has not employed any financial 
advisor, broker or finder or incurred any liability for any financial 
advisory, brokerage, finder\'s or similar fee or commission in  connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement for  which Seller could
be liable.   5.5. Legal Proceedings. There are no claims, actions, suits, 
proceedings or investigations pending or, to Buyer\'s knowledge,  threatened,
by or before any Governmental Authority, or any arbitrator,  by, against,
affecting or relating to Buyer which, if adversely  determined, would
restrain or enjoin the consummation of the  transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or declare unlawful the  transactions or events contemplated by
this Agreement or cause any of  such transactions to be rescinded.   6.
ADDITIONAL COVENANTS.   6.1. Access to Premises and Records. Between the
date of this  Agreement and the Closing Date, upon reasonable advance notice
from  Buyer to   26  33  Seller, Seller will give Buyer and its
representatives reasonable  access during normal business hours to all the
premises and the Books  and Records of the Business, to all the Assets, to
the general managers  of the Systems, and to other ATandT; corporate personnel
to the extent  reasonably necessary to effect a transition of the operations
of the  Systems to Buyer following the Closing, and will furnish to Buyer
and  its representatives all information regarding the Business, the Assets 
and, to the extent reasonably necessary to effect any transition with 
respect to any Excluded Assets, the Excluded Assets, as Buyer may from  time
to time reasonably request. No investigation will affect or limit  the scope
of any of the representations, warranties, covenants and  indemnities of the
other in this Agreement or in any Transaction  Document or limit liability
for any breach of any of the foregoing.  Buyer will use commercially
reasonable efforts to give Seller prompt  notice of Buyer\'s discovery of any
event or condition that could  constitute such a breach. All requests for
access to ATandT; corporate  personnel will be made to Patty Conroy, at
303-858-3609.   6.2. Continuity and Maintenance of Operations; Financial 
Statements. Except as Buyer may otherwise consent in writing (which  consent,
when requested in connection with any conduct described in  Sections 6.2.1,
6.2.2, 6.2.3 or 6.2.7, will not be withheld  unreasonably), until the
Closing:   6.2.1. Seller will conduct the Business in good faith  and
operate the Systems only in the ordinary course consistent in all  material
respects with past practices, and will use commercially  reasonable efforts,
to the extent consistent with such conduct and  operation, to (a) preserve
the Business intact, including preserving  existing relationships with
franchising authorities, suppliers,  customers and others having business
dealings with Seller relating to  the Business and (b) keep available the
services of the System  Employees (but will be under no obligation to incur
any costs in  addition to what Seller is currently incurring to do so).  
6.2.2. Seller will maintain the Assets in good  repair, order and condition
(ordinary wear and tear excepted), will  maintain Equipment and inventory for
the Systems at normal historical  levels consistent with past practices (as
adjusted to account for  abnormally high inventory levels related to
construction activity),  will maintain in full force and effect, policies of
insurance with  respect to the Business in such amounts and covering such
risks as  customarily maintained by operators of cable television systems
of  similar size and geographic location as the Systems, and will maintain 
its books, records and accounts in the ordinary manner on a basis  consistent
with past practices. Seller will (a) only report and write  off accounts
receivable in accordance with past practice, (b) withhold  and pay when due
all Taxes relating to System Employees, the Assets or  the System, (c)
maintain service quality of the Systems at a level at  least consistent with
past practices, (d) file with the FCC all reports  required to be filed under
applicable FCC rules and regulations, and  (e) comply in all material
respects with all Legal Requirements with  respect to the Systems. Seller
will (x) undertake capital programs  contemplated by the System\'s
capital   27  34  budget, (y) exercise good faith efforts to expend the
amount described  on its capital budget in accordance with the categories
described with  respect to each such capital program and (z) undertake
capital programs  reasonably requested by Buyer, provided that such requests
do not, in  the aggregate, require capital expenditures in excess of
$10,000,000,  and would not reasonably be expected to cause Seller to breach
any  Contract by which it is bound or any Legal Requirement or hinder or 
delay the Closing.    6.2.3. Seller will not, except as disclosed on 
SCHEDULE 6.2: (a) sell, transfer or assign any portion of the Assets  other
than sales in the ordinary course of business; (b) modify,  terminate, renew
(other than in the ordinary course or as required by  this Agreement) suspend
or abrogate any Franchises, Licenses or  material Contracts (other than those
constituting Excluded Assets); (c)  enter into any non-ordinary course
Contract or commitment involving an  expenditure in excess of $50,000
individually, or $500,000 in the  aggregate, other than Contracts or
commitments which are cancellable on  30 days\' notice or less without
penalty and other than as contemplated  by this Agreement; (d) modify its
procedures for disconnection and  discontinuation of service to subscribers
whose accounts are  delinquent; (e) except in accordance with an ATandT-wide;
plan or program  (in which case Seller will give prior notice to Buyer)
increase the  compensation or materially change any benefits (other than
severance  benefits) available to System Employees, except as required
pursuant to  existing written agreements, or in the ordinary course of
business  consistent with past practice; (f) create, assume or permit to
exist  any Encumbrance (other than Permitted Encumbrances) on any of the 
Assets, other than any Encumbrance which will be released at or prior  to the
Closing; (g) make any Cost of Service Election; (h) enter into  any agreement
with or commitment to any competitive access provider  and/or local exchange
company or any internet access or on-line  services provider with respect to
the use or lease of any of the  Assets; (i) enter into any collective
bargaining agreement covering the  System Employees who are not now covered
by a collective bargaining  agreement or enter into any new bonus, stock
option, profit sharing,  compensation, pension, welfare, retirement,
employment or similar  agreement that would create any liability to Buyer
after the Closing  Date, except where required by any Legal Requirement; (j)
decrease the  rate charged for any level of Basic Services, Expanded Basic
Services  or any Pay TV, except to the extent required by any Legal
Requirement  or, except as expressly permitted by SCHEDULE 6.2 or in
connection with  any rebuild, add, delete, retier or repackage any analog
programming  services, in each case except to the extent required under the
1992  Cable Act or any other Legal Requirement; provided, however, that if 
rates are decreased in order to so comply, Seller will provide Buyer  with
copies of any FCC forms (even if not filed with any Governmental  Authority)
used to determine that the new rates were required; (k)  engage in any
marketing, subscriber installation, collection or  disconnection practices
outside the ordinary course of business or  inconsistent with past practice;
(l) enter into, modify or amend any  Contract for any fiber or fiber capacity
lease or use arrangements; (m)  offer telephony or related services in
Systems where such services are  not offered as of the date of this
Agreement; or   28  35  (n) convert any of the Systems to any billing
system or otherwise  change billing arrangements for any of the Systems.  
6.2.4. Seller will deliver to Buyer true and complete  copies of any monthly
and quarterly financial statements and operating  reports with respect to the
Business which are prepared by or for  Seller in the ordinary course of
business at any time between the date  of this Agreement and the Closing
Date, including System level and  consolidated state level expanded and
detailed statements of operating  income and cash flow with respect to the
Business. Seller will further  promptly deliver to Buyer any other reasonable
financial information  related to the Systems requested by Buyer. Prior to
Closing, Seller  will provide prompt notice to Buyer of any change in
accounting  principles or practices with respect to the Business or
revaluation by  Seller of the Assets for financial reporting, property tax or
other  purposes.   6.2.5. Within 30 days after the date of this 
Agreement, or with respect to items that are prepared, filed or  received by
Seller after the date hereof, within 5 Business Days after  the date of
preparation, filing or receipt, Seller will provide to  Buyer true and
complete copies of each of the following items (unless  previously
provided):   (i) each Franchise and License related to  the Systems;  
(ii) all pending applications relating to  any Franchise or License pending
before any Governmental Authority;   (iii) a list setting forth the
expiration  date of all Franchises, Licenses, Authorizations and permits
listed on  SCHEDULE 4.5;   (iv) any pending notice received from any 
Governmental Authority that it has determined or intends to terminate, 
modify or deny renewal of any Franchise to which Seller is a party;   (v)
all pending requests for renewal with  respect to any Franchise filed under
Section 626 of the Communications  Act;   (vi) any relevant documentation
supporting  an exemption from the rate regulation provisions of the 1992
Cable Act  claimed by Seller with respect to the Systems;   (vii) the most
recent applicable FCC Forms  328, 329, 393, 1200, 1205, 1210, 1215, 1220,
1235 and 1240 and other  FCC rate forms (collectively, the "FCC Rate Forms"),
if any, filed with  any Governmental Authority with respect to any of the
Systems;   (viii) all historical FCC Rate Forms filed  with any
Governmental Authority with respect to any of the Systems  where there is a
rate issue pending (including any accounting order or  rate order on
appeal);   29  36  (ix) all other reports, filings and  correspondence
made or filed with the FCC or pursuant to the FCC rules  and regulations
filed after the date which is one year prior to the  date of this
Agreement;   (x) all complaints, petitions, answers,  responses and other
filings made with or by any Governmental Authority  in connection with any
rate orders issued by such Governmental  Authority or any appeal therefrom
with respect to any Franchise or any  System;   (xi) all documentation
relating to any  System with respect to the carriage of broadcast signals
under current  must-carry and retransmission consents;   (xii) any social
contract entered into with  the FCC in respect of any System with regard to
rate regulation,  subscriber refunds and other matters;   (xiii) all
reports, filings and  correspondence with respect to any System made or filed
with the U.S.  Copyright Office or pursuant to the U.S. Copyright Office
rules and  regulations on or after the date which is three years prior to the
date  of this Agreement;   (xiv) a schedule setting forth the  ownership,
height (with and without appurtenances), location (address,  latitude,
longitude and ground elevation), structure type and FCC call  signs of each
tower used in connection with the operation of the  Systems;   (xv) all
available Federal Aviation  Administration ("FAA") final determinations (if
applicable) and FCC  registrations for all such towers;   (xvi) all
Contracts and Real Property  agreements related to the Systems;   (xvii) a
list of all headends, Franchises  and unfranchised communities indicating the
number of basic subscribers  served in each; and   (xviii) a schedule
setting forth (i) the  cities, towns, villages, boroughs and counties served
by each system;  (ii) the approximate number of single family and residential
and  commercial MDUs passed by each Franchise and System; and (iii) the FCC 
CUID numbers for each Franchise.   6.2.6. Each month, Seller will deliver to
Buyer, a  schedule indicating the then current status of the Required
Consents  marked with an asterisk on SCHEDULE 4.3 and what action has been
taken  by Seller with respect to obtaining such Required Consents.
Beginning  60 days after the date of this Agreement, Seller will provide
weekly  updates (by telephone, electronic mail or in writing) to Buyer 
regarding the status of such Required Consents.   30  37  6.2.7. Seller
will use its commercially reasonable  efforts to challenge and contest any
litigation brought against or  otherwise involving Seller that could result
in the imposition of Legal  Requirements that could cause the conditions to
the Closing not to be  satisfied, or to settle such litigation. Seller will
not, without  Buyer\'s consent, enter into any settlement of any litigation
that will  bind Buyer or any System to any material obligation following
the  Closing, impose any liability on Buyer following the Closing, or 
otherwise breach any representation or covenant contained in this 
Agreement.   6.2.8. Seller will cause its appropriate Affiliates  to be
bound by and comply with the provisions of this Section 6.2 to  the extent
such Affiliates own, operate or manage any of the Assets or  Systems.  
6.2.9. In the event that Seller is notified of any  proposal with respect to
the creation, deletion or modification of any  so called "open access"
provision that would be applicable to any  System, whether imposed by a
Franchise, state or local law, or state or  local regulation, mandating that
the franchisee permit one or more  Internet service providers that are not
affiliated with the franchisee  to offer service over the franchisee\'s
System facilities, Seller will  provide Buyer with notice of such proposal,
will provide Buyer with  information regarding such proposal as Buyer
reasonably requests, and  will permit Buyer to provide input to ATandT;
regarding ATandT;\'s  negotiations and discussions with respect to such
proposal.   6.3. Employee Matters.   6.3.1. Except as set forth in this
Section 6.3.1,  Buyer may, but will have no obligation to, employ or offer
employment  to, any or all System Employees. Within 30 days after the date
of  execution of this Agreement, Seller will provide to Buyer a schedule of 
all System Employees by work location as of a recent date, showing the 
original hire date, the then-current positions and rates of  compensation,
rate type (hourly or salary) and scheduled hours per  week, and whether the
employee is subject to an employment agreement, a  collective bargaining
agreement or represented by a labor organization  (the "System Employee
Schedule"). Buyer will maintain the System  Employee Schedule in strict
confidence. The System Employee Schedule  will be updated as necessary to
reflect new hires or other personnel  changes. Within 60 days after receipt
of the System Employee Schedule,  or such other date as the parties may
agree, Buyer will provide Seller  in writing a schedule of the System
Employees Buyer will offer to  employ following the Closing (the "Offer/No
Offer Schedule"), subject  only to the pre-hire evaluations permitted by this
Section 6.3.1. Buyer  will provide in writing notification of such offer,
subject only to the  pre-hire evaluations permitted by this Section 6.3.1, to
each System  Employee included on the Offer/No Offer Schedule no later than
30 days  prior to the Closing. Seller agrees, and will cause its
appropriate  Affiliates, to cooperate in all reasonable respects with Buyer
to allow  Buyer or its Affiliates to evaluate its System Employees to make
hiring  decisions. In this regard, Buyer will have the   31  38 
opportunity to make such appropriate pre-hire investigation of the  System
Employees, as Buyer deems necessary, including the right to  review personnel
files and the right to interview such employees during  normal working hours
so long as such interviews are conducted after  notice to Seller and do not
unreasonably interfere with Seller\'s  operations and such investigations and
interviews do not violate any  Legal Requirement. Seller agrees, and will
cause its appropriate  Affiliates, to cooperate in all reasonable respects
with Buyer to allow  Buyer or its Affiliates to evaluate its System Employees
to make hiring  decisions so long as Buyer provides notice to Seller and
such  evaluation does not unreasonably interfere with Seller\'s operations
and  such evaluations do not violate any law or Contract. All offers for 
initial employment with Buyer will be for employment with substantially 
similar responsibilities at a geographic location within a 35-mile  radius of
such System Employee\'s primary place of employment and same  base
compensation such System Employee is receiving as of the Closing  Date.
Seller acknowledges that nothing in this Agreement will restrict  Buyer from
changing a Hired Employee\'s job description,  responsibilities, location,
salary or benefits following the Closing.  To the extent consent is required
by applicable law, Seller will use  good faith efforts to obtain the consent
of each of its System  Employees to allow Buyer to review personnel files in
connection with  the foregoing. Buyer or its Affiliates may, if it wishes,
condition any  offer of employment upon the employee\'s passing a pre-
employment drug  screening test, the completion of a satisfactory background
check and,  if the employee is on Approved Leave of Absence, upon the
employee\'s  return to active service (with or without reasonable
accommodations)  within 12 weeks after the Closing Date or, if earlier, on
the first  Business Day following expiration of the employee\'s Approved
Leave of  Absence. For purposes of this Agreement, employees on "Approved
Leave  of Absence" means employees absent from work on the Closing Date and 
unable to perform their regular job duties by reason of illness or  injury
under approved plans or policies of the employer (other than  employee\'s
absence for less than five days due to short term illness or  injury not
requiring written approval by the employer) or otherwise  absent from work
under approved or unpaid leave policies of the  employer. Buyer will bear the
expense of such examination but Seller  will, upon reasonable notice,
cooperate in the scheduling of such  examinations so long as the examinations
do not unreasonably interfere  with Seller\'s operations. The selection of
employees to be offered  employment by Buyer will be made at the sole and
absolute discretion of  Buyer. As of the Closing Date, Buyer will have no
obligation to Seller,  its Affiliates or to the Seller\'s employees, with
regard to any  employee it has determined not to hire. As of the Closing
Date, Seller  will, and will cause its appropriate Affiliates to, terminate
the  employment of all System Employees that are hired by Buyer or its 
Affiliates (the "Hired Employees") as of the Closing Date.  Notwithstanding
any of the foregoing, from the date hereof until the  Closing, and other than
in connection with offers of employment to such  employees to take effect at
the Closing, Buyer agrees not to solicit  for employment prior to the Closing
(other than through general  advertisements), without the written consent of
the other, any System  Employee.   32  39  6.3.2. As of the Closing Date,
Seller will be  responsible for and will cause to be discharged and satisfied
in full  or, with respect to Seller Plans, will have adequately funded or 
reserved for, all amounts due and owing to each System Employee  (whether or
not such employees are hired by Buyer as of or after the  Closing) with
respect to and in accordance with the terms of all  compensation plans or
Seller Plans, including without limitation, any  compensation including
salaries, commissions, deferred compensation,  severance (if applicable),
insurance, pension, profit sharing,  disability payment, medical, sick pay,
holiday, accrued and unused  vacation in excess of the amount Buyer assumes
pursuant to this  Section, payments under any incentive compensation or bonus
agreement,  in each case, which has accrued on or prior to the Closing Date
and  other compensation or benefits to which they are entitled for periods 
prior to the Closing Date (and, for Employees on Approved Leave of  Absence,
until their termination by Seller, or its appropriate  Affiliate, or their
employment by Buyer, or its appropriate Affiliate,  as set forth in Section
6.3.1). Seller will satisfy any legal  obligation with respect to
continuation of group health coverage  required pursuant to Section 4980B of
the Code or Section 601, et seq.,  of ERISA with respect to all System
Employees whose employment with  Seller or any of Seller\'s ERISA Affiliates
terminates on or before the  Closing Date. Any liability under the Worker
Adjustment and Retraining  Notification Act, 29 U.S.C. Section 2101, et seq.
("WARN") with regard  to any employee terminated on or prior to the Closing
Date, or not  hired by Buyer on or after the Closing Date, will, as a matter
of  contract between thE parties, be the responsibility of Seller. Buyer 
will cooperate with Seller and Seller\'s Affiliates, if requested, in  the
giving of WARN notices on behalf of the other party.   6.3.3. Buyer and
Seller hereby acknowledge and agree  that, pursuant to the authority of
Revenue Ruling 2000-27, the  transactions contemplated by this Agreement will
result in a  permissible distribution event under Section 401(k) of the Code
from  any Seller Plan designed to satisfy the requirements of Section
401(k)  of the Code.   6.3.4. Except as otherwise expressly provided 
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, Buyer will not have or assume  any
obligation or liability under or in connection with any Seller  Plan. In
regard to any System Employee on an Approved Leave of Absence,  such
responsibility for benefit coverage of such System Employee, and  liability
for payment of benefits, will remain that of Seller, or the  appropriate
Affiliate of Seller, until such employee becomes an  employee of the Buyer
after the Closing pursuant to Section 6.3.1 or is  terminated by Seller or
its appropriate Affiliate. For purposes of this  Agreement, the following
claims and liabilities will be deemed to be  incurred as follows: (i)
medical, dental and/or prescription drug  benefits upon the rendering of the
medical, dental, pharmacy or other  services giving rise to the obligation to
pay such benefits except with  respect to such benefits provided in
connection with a continuous  period of hospitalization, which will be deemed
to be incurred at the  time of admission to the hospital; (ii) life,
accidental death and  dismemberment and business travel accident insurance
benefits and  workers\' compensation   33  40  benefits, upon the
occurrence of the event giving rise to such  benefits; and (iii) salary
continuation or other short-term disability  benefits, or long-term
disability, upon commencement of the disability  giving rise to such
benefit.   6.3.5. (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary  herein,
Buyer will:   (i) upon receipt of a schedule showing the  vacation balances
and value of such balances of each Hired Employee (as  defined below), which
schedule will be delivered by Seller to Buyer  within 10 days after the
Closing, credit each Hired Employee the amount  of vacation time (but not
sick time) permitted to be accrued by  employees of Buyer in accordance with
Buyer\'s standard practices (to a  maximum of four weeks) accrued and unused
by him or her as a System  Employee through and including the Closing Date to
the extent Buyer has  received an adjustment to the Purchase Price therefor;
provided,  however, that if any Hired Employee has accrued vacation time in
excess  of the amount transferred to Buyer, then Seller will, and will
cause  its appropriate Affiliate to, pay to such employee the amount of
such  excess and Buyer will not assume any liability or obligation in
respect  of such excess;   (ii) give each Hired Employee credit for  such
employee\'s past service with Seller and its Affiliates as of the  Closing
Date as reflected on the System Employee Schedule (which may  include past
service with any prior owner or operator of the Systems)  ("Past Service")
for purposes of eligibility to participate in Buyer\'s  employee welfare
benefit (including medical, dental, flexible spending  accounts, accident,
life insurance plans and programs, disability  plans, and other employee
welfare benefits) plans (the "Buyer\'s Welfare  Plans") that are generally
available to similarly situated employees of  Buyer and such employees\'
dependents;   (iii) give each Hired Employee credit for  such employee\'s
Past Service for purposes of participation and vesting  under Buyer\'s
employee 401(k) plan, provided that Buyer will not be  obligated to establish
a special entry date under such plan for Hired  Employees;   (iv) give each
Hired Employee credit for  such employee\'s Past Service with Seller and its
Affiliates as of the  Closing Date for any waiting periods under Buyer\'s
Welfare Plans that  are generally available to similarly situated employees
of Buyer and  except to the extent any Hired Employees were subject to any 
limitations on benefits for any preexisting conditions or requirements  for
evidence of insurability under Seller\'s Plans, not subject any  Hired
Employees to such limitations, provided that the treatment is  covered under
Buyer\'s group health plans; and   (v) credit each Hired Employee under
any  Buyer group health plan for any deductible amount and out of pocket 
expenses and similar limits applicable and previously met by such Hired 
Employee as of the Closing   34  41  Date under any of the group health
plans of Seller or its Affiliates  for the plan year in which the transfer of
employment occurs.   (b) Notwithstanding anything set forth in  Section
6.3.5(a), Buyer will have no obligation to System Employees who  are
Employees on Approved Leave of Absence until they become employees  of Buyer
pursuant to Section 6.3.1 hereof.   6.3.6. If Buyer discharges any Hired
Employee without  cause within 90 days after the Closing Date, then Buyer
will pay  severance pay to such Hired Employee in accordance with Seller\'s 
severance benefit plan in effect as of the Closing, taking into account  such
Hired Employee\'s Past Service as well as such Hired Employee\'s  period of
employment with Buyer for purposes of calculating severance  pay under such
plan. Seller will reimburse Buyer upon request if and to  the extent such
severance pay exceeds the severance pay that would have  been payable under
Seller\'s severance benefit plan in effect as of the  date of this Agreement.
Following such 90-day period, each Hired  Employee will be covered under the
Buyer\'s severance benefit plan and  Buyer will count the period of
employment with Buyer as well as such  Hired Employee\'s Past Service for
purposes of calculating benefits  under such plan. For purposes of this
Agreement, "cause" means (a)  conviction (including a plea of guilty or nolo
contendere) of a crime  involving theft, fraud, dishonesty or moral
turpitude, (b) intentional  or grossly negligent disclosure of confidential
or trade secret  information of Buyer (or any of its Affiliates) to anyone
who is not  entitled to receive such information; (c) gross omission or
gross  dereliction of any statutory or common law duty of loyalty to Buyer
or  any of its Affiliates; (d) willful violation of Buyer\'s code of
conduct  or other written policies or procedures; or (e) repeated failure
to  carry out the duties of the employee\'s position despite specific 
instruction to do so.   6.3.7. If Seller has, or acquires, a duty to
bargain  with any labor organization with respect to any of System
Employees,  then Seller will (i) give prompt written notice of such
development to  Buyer, including notice of the date and place of any
negotiating  sessions as they are planned or contemplated and permit Buyer to
have a  representative present at all negotiating sessions with such labor 
organization and at all meetings preparatory thereto (including making 
Buyer\'s representative a representative of Seller\'s delegation if  required
by the labor organization), and (ii) not, without Buyer\'s  written consent,
enter into any contract with such labor organization  that purports to bind
Buyer, including any successor clause or other  clause that would have this
purpose or effect. Seller acknowledges and  agrees that Buyer has not agreed
to be bound, and will not be bound,  without an explicit assumption of such
liability or responsibility by  Buyer, by any provision of any collective
bargaining agreement or  similar contract with any labor organization to
which Seller or any its  Affiliates is or may become bound. Except as may be
required on the  part of Seller or its Affiliates by operation of law or
under the  Neutrality and Consent Agreement effective July 1, 1999 by and
among  CWA, IBEW and certain   35  42  business operating units and
divisions of ATandT; Corp. and modified  effective May 10, 2000, and September
21, 2000 (as so modified, the  "NCE Agreement") (a true, correct and complete
copy of which, including  modifications, has been provided to Buyer), and
then only upon written  notice to Buyer of any proposed action or non-action
and after  consultation in good faith with Buyer, Seller will take no action
or  engage in any inaction which might obligate or require Buyer to 
recognize or bargain with any labor organization on behalf of Systems 
Employees. Nothing in this Section 6.3.7 will be deemed a waiver of 
Seller\'s attorney-client privilege.   6.3.8. Nothing in this Section 6.3 or
elsewhere in  this Agreement will be deemed to make any employee of Seller a
third  party beneficiary of this Agreement.   6.4. Leased Vehicles; Other
Capital Leases. Seller will pay  the remaining balances on any leases for
vehicles or capital leases  included in the Equipment and will deliver title
to such vehicles and  other Equipment free and clear of all Encumbrances
(other than  Permitted Encumbrances) to Buyer at the Closing.   6.5.
Consents.   6.5.1. Prior to the Closing, Seller will use  commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain in writing, as promptly as  possible and at its
expense, all the Required Consents, in form and  substance reasonably
satisfactory to Buyer and will deliver to Buyer  copies of such Required
Consents after they are obtained by Seller;  provided, that Seller will use a
form of letter or application prepared  by Buyer (subject to reasonable
review and comment by Seller); provided  that in no event will Seller request
the consent of any Third Party or  Affiliate later than 45 days following the
date hereof. All documents  delivered or filed with any Governmental
Authority or any Person by or  on behalf of Seller pursuant to this Section
6.5, when so delivered or  filed, will be correct, current and complete in
all material respects.  Buyer will cooperate with Seller to obtain all
Required Consents, but  Buyer will not be required to accept or agree or
accede to any  modifications or amendments to, or changes in, or the
imposition of any  condition to the transfer to Buyer of any Contract,
Franchise or  written instrument evidencing Real Property that are not
reasonably  acceptable to Buyer. Prior to the Closing, Seller will (i) use 
commercially reasonable efforts to give any notices required by the  terms of
the Contracts, Franchises, Real Property agreements and  Licenses to be given
prior to Closing and (ii) cooperate in good faith  with Buyer in connection
with requests for consents (other than  Required Consents) required by the
terms of the Contracts, Franchises,  Real Property agreements and Licenses to
be obtained. Notwithstanding  the foregoing, Buyer will comply with the
reasonable requests of Seller  and, to the extent required, negotiate in good
faith with any Third  Party, as commercially reasonable for Seller to assign
to Buyer in part  the rights and obligations under any master Contract
disclosed on  SCHEDULE 4.6.   36  43  6.5.2. Notwithstanding the
provisions of Section  6.5.1, Seller will not have any further obligation to
obtain Required  Consents: (a) with respect to Contracts relating to pole
attachments  where the licensing party will not, after Seller\'s exercise
of  commercially reasonable efforts, consent to an assignment of such 
Contract but requires that Buyer enter into a new agreement with such 
licensing authority, in which case Buyer will use its commercially 
reasonable efforts to negotiate such an agreement prior to (but  contingent
on) the Closing or as soon as practicable thereafter and  Seller will
cooperate with and assist Buyer in obtaining such  agreements; (b) for any
business radio license which Seller reasonably  expects can be obtained
within 120 days after the Closing and so long  as such business radio license
is eligible for automatic special  temporary authorization under FCC rules
with respect thereto; and (c)  with respect to leased Real Property, if
Seller obtains and makes  operational prior to Closing substitute leased Real
Property that is  reasonably satisfactory to Buyer and on terms reasonably
satisfactory  to Buyer.   6.5.3. If and to the extent that Seller fails
to  obtain all Required Consents identified with an asterisk (*) on 
SCHEDULE 4.3 (except Required Consents for the transfer of Franchises  which
will be governed by Section 6.5.4) on or prior to the Closing  (whether or
not Buyer will have waived satisfaction of the condition to  Closing set
forth in Section 7.2.4), then, for a period of 15 months  following the
Closing, Seller with respect to such Systems and Assets  will continue to use
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain in  writing as promptly as possible
such Required Consents and will deliver  copies of the same, reasonably
satisfactory in form and substance, to  Buyer.   6.5.4. If all of the
conditions to the Closing have  been met and the parties have not received
100% of the Required  Consents for Franchises, then, at the Closing, Seller
will transfer,  convey and assign to Buyer all of the Assets, and the Closing
will  occur with respect to all of the Assets, other than (a) any
Franchises  for which Required Consents have not been obtained (the
"Retained  Franchises"), and (b) any Assets that are located in the Franchise
area  for such Retained Franchises and that relate exclusively to such 
Retained Franchises (together with the Retained Franchises, the  "Retained
Assets"). The portion of the Purchase Price to be given as  consideration for
the Retained Assets (which portion will be calculated  as a pro rata portion
of the Purchase Price based on the number of  Equivalent Basic Subscribers in
the Service Areas covered by the  Retained Franchises), but in any event not
to exceed 10% of the  Purchase Price (the "Retained Purchase Price") will be
deposited in  escrow with the Escrow Agent pursuant to an escrow agreement 
substantially in the form of EXHIBIT B. Following the Closing, the  parties
will continue to use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain  Required
Consents for any Retained Franchises in accordance with the  terms of this
Agreement for a period of 120 days. Within 10 Business  Days after obtaining
the Required Consent for a Retained Franchise, or  upon the expiration of 120
days after the Closing, whichever will first  occur, Seller will transfer,
convey and assign the Retained Assets  relating to such Retained Franchise to
Buyer and the Parties will cause  the Escrow Agent to deliver to   37 
44  Seller the Retained Purchase Price (or portion thereof related to the 
Retained Assets being transferred) and all interest accruing thereon.  Prior
to the Closing, Buyer and Seller will negotiate in good faith to  reach
agreement on a management agreement pursuant to which Buyer will  manage all
Retained Assets (except to the extent such management will  cause either
Party to violate any Legal Requirement), which management  agreement will
also contain any required signal sharing arrangements  (the "Retained Assets
Management Agreement"). The Parties will  negotiate in good faith to resolve
the operation of any Retained Assets  that may not, pursuant to applicable
Legal Requirement, be managed by  Buyer pursuant to the foregoing. The
Retained Assets Management  Agreement will provide that Buyer will bear all
expenses relating to  the Retained Assets and the operation thereof and will
receive the net  cash flow from the Retained Assets as its management fee.
The Retained  Assets Management Agreement will provide that its term will
continue  with respect to each Retained Asset until Seller transfers such 
Retained Asset to Buyer in accordance with this Section 6.5.4. The 
adjustments pursuant to Section 3.2 will be made as of the Closing Date  for
the Retained Assets as if they were transferred on the Closing  Date. In
addition, Buyer will become liable for the Assumed Obligations  and
Liabilities with respect to the Retained Assets as of the Closing  Date, and
all representations and warranties (except as to those  Required Consents
that have not been obtained) made in connection with  the Retained Assets
will be made as of the Closing Date rather than any  subsequent transfer
date. Buyer may further make any indemnification  claims permitted under
Section 10 with respect to the Retained Assets  as though the Retained Assets
were transferred at the Closing. If the  provisions of this Section 6.5.4
become operative, the parties agree to  use commercially reasonable efforts
and act in good faith in taking  such actions and negotiating such additional
provisions or other  agreements, including amendments to this Agreement, as
may be necessary  or appropriate to carry out the intent of this Section
6.5.4. Buyer and  Seller will each pay one-half of the expense of defending
any legal  challenges alleging the premature, unlawful or invalid transfer of
any  of the Retained Franchises, including reasonable attorneys\' fees and 
consultants\' fees; provided, however, that the actual amount of any 
judgments obtained by a Governmental Authority resulting from (a) the 
transfer of any Retained Assets, Retained Franchise, or actual working 
control of either without proper consent or (b) any action taken by  Buyer as
manager of the Retained Assets; and further provided that any  amounts paid
to reinstate any Retained Franchise revoked as a result of  either such event
will be borne solely by Buyer. If a Retained  Franchise is revoked for any
reason, there will be no compensation or  other remuneration paid by any
party to another party as a result of  such revocation.   6.5.5. Buyer will
prepare and deliver to Seller no  later than the date of this Agreement,
Buyer\'s portion of FCC Forms 394  with respect to each Franchise for which a
Required Consent must be  obtained as set forth on SCHEDULE 4.3. Seller will
prepare Seller\'s  portion of such Forms for each such Franchise on or before
the date of  this Agreement. Seller and Buyer will cooperate in the
preparation of  such Forms and will execute such Forms and   38  45 
Seller will deliver them to the appropriate Governmental Authority on  or
before February 28, 2001. In connection with such delivery, Seller  will
request and retain proofs of delivery and will promptly deliver  copies of
such proofs to Buyer. Without the prior consent of Buyer,  Seller will not
agree with any Governmental Authority to extend or to  toll the time limits
applicable to such Governmental Authority\'s  consideration of any FCC Form
394 filed with such Governmental  Authority. Seller will use commercially
reasonable efforts to (i)  provide advance notice to Buyer of any meetings or
conferences (whether  in person or by conference call) with Governmental
Agencies concerning  such Forms, and (ii) to permit Buyer to participate in
such meetings or  conferences on its own behalf.   6.5.6. Prior to the
Closing and subject to Section  6.2, Seller will use commercially reasonable
efforts to obtain a  renewal or extension of any Franchise (for a period
expiring no earlier  than three years after the Closing Date) for which a
valid notice of  renewal pursuant to the formal renewal procedures
established by  Section 626 of the Communications Act has not been timely
delivered to  the appropriate Governmental Authority (as identified in
SCHEDULE 4.9)  and no written confirmation has been received from such
Governmental  Authority that the procedures established by Section 626 of
the  Communications Act nonetheless will be applicable with respect to the 
renewal or extension of such Franchise.   6.6. Title Commitments and
Surveys. After the execution of  this Agreement, Buyer may obtain, at its
sole expense, (a) commitments  for owner\'s title insurance policies on all
Real Property owned by  Seller and on easements which provide access to each
such parcel of  Real Property, and (b) an ALTA survey on each parcel of Real
Property  for which a title insurance policy is to be obtained. Seller will 
provide reasonable assistance in connection with Buyer obtaining such 
commitments and surveys, as Buyer may request from time to time. All  such
commitments and surveys will be obtained within 60 days of the  date of this
Agreement. If Buyer notifies Seller in writing within 15  days after the date
Buyer receives the commitment or survey with  respect to a parcel of owned or
leased Real Property that the  commitment or survey discloses a condition
that constitutes a breach,  or any facts which could be reasonably expected
to result in a breach,  of the representations of Seller contained in Section
4.7 or any  condition that would prohibit Seller from transferring title to
such  Real Property free and clear of Encumbrances (other than Permitted 
Encumbrances), then Seller will promptly commence further investigation  and
use commercially reasonable efforts to at its expense to cure the  condition
prior to Closing. If Seller, having used such commercially  reasonable
efforts, is unable to cure the condition prior to Closing  and Closing will
occur, then any claim for indemnification that Buyer  may have with respect
to the condition may be brought without the  requirement that such claims
meet or exceed the Threshold Amount.  Seller agrees to provide Buyer\'s title
company with a standard form of  indemnification for any mechanic\'s or
materialmen\'s lien affecting such  Real Property which is not an Assumed
Obligation and Liability.   39  46  6.7. HSR Notification. As soon as
practicable after the  execution of this Agreement, but in any event no later
than 30 days  after such execution, Seller and Buyer will each complete and
file, or  cause to be completed and filed, any notification and report
required  to be filed under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act
of  1976, as amended (the "HSR Act"), with respect to the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement; and each such filing will request early 
termination of the waiting period imposed by the HSR Act. The parties  will
use their commercially reasonable efforts to respond as promptly  as
reasonably practicable to any inquiries received from the Federal  Trade
Commission (the "FTC") and the Antitrust Division of the  Department of
Justice (the "Antitrust Division") for additional  information or
documentation and to respond as promptly as reasonably  practicable to all
inquiries and requests received from any other  Governmental Authority in
connection with antitrust matters. Each party  will cooperate to prevent
inconsistencies between their respective  filings and between their
respective responses to all such inquiries  and requests, and will furnish to
each other such necessary information  and reasonable assistance as the other
may reasonably request in  connection with its preparation of necessary
filings or submissions  under the HSR Act. The parties will use their
respective commercially  reasonable efforts to overcome any objections which
may be raised by  the FTC, the Antitrust Division or any other Governmental
Authority  having jurisdiction over antitrust matters. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, neither Buyer nor Seller will be required to make any  significant
change in the operations or activities of their respective  business (or any
material assets employed therein) or that of any of  their respective
Affiliates, if such party determines in good faith  that such change would be
materially adverse to the operations or  activities of such business (or any
material assets employed therein),  provided such business has significant
assets, net worth, or revenue.  Each party will pay its own filing fees under
the HSR Act in connection  with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   6.8. Notification of Certain Matters. Seller will promptly 
notify Buyer of any fact, event, circumstance or action (a) which, if  known
on the date of this Agreement, would have been required to be  disclosed to
Buyer pursuant to this Agreement or (b) the existence or  occurrence of which
would cause any of Seller\'s representations or  warranties under this
Agreement not to be correct and complete as of  the Closing Date.   6.9.
Risk of Loss; Condemnation.   6.9.1. Seller will bear the risk of any loss
or  damage to the Assets resulting from fire, theft or other casualty 
(except reasonable wear and tear) at all times prior to the Closing. If  any
such loss or damage is so substantial as to prevent normal  operation of any
material portion of the Systems or the replacement or  restoration of the
lost or damaged property within 45 days after the  occurrence of the event
resulting in such loss or damage, Seller will  immediately notify Buyer of
that fact and Buyer, at any time within 10  days after receipt of such
notice, may elect by written notice to  Seller either (a) to waive   40 
47  such defect and proceed toward consummation of the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement in accordance with terms of this  Agreement or
(b) terminate this Agreement. If Buyer elects so to  terminate this
Agreement, Buyer and Seller will be discharged of any  and all obligations
hereunder. If Buyer elects to consummate the  transactions contemplated by
this Agreement notwithstanding such loss  or damage and does so, there will
be no adjustment in the consideration  payable to Seller on account of such
loss or damage, but all insurance  proceeds payable as a result of the
occurrence of the event resulting  in such loss or damage will be delivered
by Seller to Buyer, or the  rights to such proceeds will be assigned by
Seller to Buyer if not yet  paid over to Seller.   6.9.2. If, prior to the
Closing, all or any part of  or interest in the Assets is taken or condemned
as a result of the  exercise of the power of eminent domain, or if a
Governmental Authority  having such power informs Seller or Buyer that it
intends to condemn  all or any part of the Assets (such event being called,
in either case,  a "Taking"), then (a) Buyer will have the sole right, in the
name of  Seller, if Buyer so elects, to negotiate for, claim, contest and 
receive all damages with respect to the Taking, (b) Seller will be  relieved
of its obligation to convey to Buyer the Assets or interests  that are the
subject of the Taking, (c) at the Closing, Seller will  assign to Buyer all
of Seller\'s rights to all damages payable with  respect to such Taking and
will pay to Buyer all damages previously  paid to Seller with respect to the
Taking, and (d) following the  Closing, Seller will give Buyer such further
assurances of such rights  and assignment with respect to the Taking as Buyer
may from time to  time reasonably request. The foregoing will not affect or
limit the  scope of any representation or warranty of Seller in this
Agreement or  limit Buyer\'s right to rely on such representation or warranty
as a  condition of Closing to the extent set forth in this Agreement.  
6.10. Transfer Taxes; Ad Valorem Obligations.   6.10.1. Any state or local
sales, use, transfer, or  documentary transfer Taxes or fees or any other
charge imposed by any  Governmental Authority (other than any of Seller\'s
income, franchise,  gross receipts, corporation, excess profits, rental,
devolution, or  payroll tax by whatsoever authority imposed or howsoever
designated)  arising from or payable by reason of the transfer of the
Assets  contemplated by this Agreement will be borne equally by Buyer and 
Seller. Tax returns required to be filed in respect of Transfer Taxes 
("Transfer Tax Returns") will be prepared and filed by the party that  has
the primary responsibility under applicable law for filing such  Transfer Tax
Returns. If neither party has primary responsibility for  filing a Transfer
Tax Return, then Seller will be responsible for  preparing and filing any
such Transfer Tax Return.   6.10.2. Each party hereto will cooperate in
assuring  that all real property taxes, personal property taxes and similar
ad  valorem obligations that are levied with respect to the Assets or the 
Business for assessment periods   41  48  in which the Closing Date occurs
and are otherwise not accounted for in  the adjustment to Purchase Price set
forth in Section 3.2 of the  Agreement or excluded pursuant to Section 2.2(w)
(collectively, the  "Apportioned Obligations") and any refund or rebate
thereof, will be  apportioned between Seller and Buyer as of the Closing Date
based on  the number of days in any such period falling on or before the
Closing  Date, on one hand, and after the Closing Date, on the other hand
(it  being understood that Seller is responsible for the portion of each 
such Apportioned Obligation attributable to the number of days from the  most
recent lien date to and including the Closing Time and Buyer is  responsible
for the portion of each such Apportioned Obligation  attributable to the
period after the Closing Time). An adjustment will  be made to the Purchase
Price to reflect any payment of Apportioned  Obligations that have been made
by Seller on or prior to the Closing  Date that are apportioned to Buyer
hereunder. The parties hereto will  cooperate, including during times of
audit by taxing Governmental  Authorities, to avoid payment of duplicate or
inappropriate Taxes or  other ad valorem obligations of any kind or
description which related  to the Assets or the Business, and each party will
furnish, at the  request of the other, proof of payment of any such Taxes or
ad valorem  obligations or other documentation that is a prerequisite to
avoiding  payment of a duplicate or inappropriate Tax or other ad valorem 
obligations.   6.11. Updated Schedules. Not less than 10 Business Days
prior  to the Closing, Seller will deliver to Buyer revised copies of the 
Schedules to this Agreement, which will have been updated and marked to  show
any changes occurring between the date of this Agreement and the  date of
delivery. Seller will update all Schedules, regardless of  whether the
original Schedule is as of a certain date; provided that  SCHEDULE 4.16 will
be updated to a reasonable date between the date of  this Agreement and the
Closing Date. Such updates are for informational  purposes only, and for
purposes of determining whether Seller\'s  representations, warranties and
covenants in this Agreement are true  and correct at Closing, all references
to the Schedules will mean the  version of the Schedules attached to this
Agreement on the date of  signing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the
effect of any such  updates to Schedules is to disclose any one or more
additional  properties, privileges, rights, interests or claims, in each
case  acquired after the date of this Agreement ("New Properties") as
Assets  that would have been (if owned on the date of this Agreement)
required  by this Agreement to have been disclosed by Seller in its
original  Schedules and that were acquired by Seller after the date of this 
Agreement in breach of this Agreement, then Buyer, at or before  Closing,
will have the right (to be exercised by written notice  delivered to Seller
at least two days prior to the Closing Date) to  cause any one or more of
such New Properties to be designated as and  deemed to constitute Excluded
Assets for all purposes under this  Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained in this  Agreement, and except as set forth in the
preceding sentence with  respect to New Properties, the waiver of any
condition to Closing by a  party who has knowledge of a breach by the other
party will not be  deemed a waiver of any rights and remedies with respect to
such breach  under this Agreement.   42  49  6.12. Use of Seller\'s Name.
Seller and its Affiliates will  retain all rights with respect to the names
"ATandT;,"  "Tele-Communications, Inc." and "TCI" or any and all derivations 
thereof after the Closing. Buyer will remove or delete such names or  any and
all derivations thereof from the Business and Assets as soon as  reasonably
practicable, but in any event by the 120th day following the  Closing. Seller
and its Affiliates will take no action to enforce their  intellectual
property rights in such names during such 120-day period,  provided Buyer
complies with the terms of this Section 6.12  Notwithstanding the foregoing,
nothing in this Section 6.12 will  require Buyer to remove or discontinue
using any such name or mark that  is affixed to converters or other items in
customer homes or properties  on the Closing Date, or as are used in a
similar fashion which makes  such removal or discontinuation
impracticable.   6.13. Transitional Billing Services. Seller will provide
to  Buyer, upon request, access to and the right to use its billing system 
computers, software and related fixed assets in connection with the  Systems
for a period of up to six months following the Closing to allow  for
conversion of existing billing arrangements, including billing and  related
arrangements regarding internet access services being provided  to customers
of a System on the Closing Date ("Transitional Billing  Services"). Buyer
will notify Seller at least 30 days prior to the  Closing as to whether it
desires Transitional Billing Services from  Seller. All Transitional Billing
Services, if any, that are requested  by Buyer will be provided on terms and
conditions reasonably  satisfactory to each party; provided, however, that
the amount to be  paid by Buyer for such Transitional Billing Services will
not exceed  the out-of-pocket cost to Seller of providing such Transitional
Billing  Services. Seller will notify Buyer of the cost to Seller of
providing  such Transitional Billing Services within 10 Business Days after 
receiving Buyer\'s notice requesting the provision of such Transitional 
Billing Services.   6.14. Transition of High Speed Data Services. Seller
will  provide to Buyer, upon request, transitional services for a period of 
up to six months following the Closing to allow for conversion of  existing
high speed data services provided by the Systems, which  services may include
billing, technical and customer support  ("Transitional HSD Services"). Buyer
will notify Seller at least 60  days prior to the Closing as to whether it
desires Transitional HSD  Services from Seller. All Transitional HSD
Services, if any, and the  scope of such Transitional HSD Services that are
requested by Buyer  will be provided on terms and conditions reasonably
satisfactory to  each party; provided, however, that the amount to be paid by
Buyer for  such Transitional HSD Services will not exceed the out-of-pocket
cost  to Seller of providing such Transitional HSD Services.   6.15.
Certain Notices. Seller will duly and timely file a  valid request for
renewal under Section 626 of the Communications Act  with the proper
Governmental Authority with respect to all Franchises  of the Business that
will   43  50  expire within 33 months after any date between the date of
this  Agreement and the Closing Date.   6.16. Satisfaction of Conditions.
Each party will use  commercially reasonable efforts to satisfy, or to cause
to be  satisfied, the conditions to the obligations of the other party to 
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, as set  forth in
Section 7, by no later than June 15, 2001.   6.17. Bulk Transfers. Buyer and
Seller each waive compliance  by the other with Legal Requirements relating
to bulk transfers that  may be applicable to the transactions contemplated
hereby.   6.18. Programming Matters. Buyer will execute and deliver to 
Seller such documents and take such actions as may be reasonably  requested
by Seller to comply with the requirements of Seller\'s  programming Contracts
and channel line-up requirements with respect to  divestitures of cable
television systems. Seller will execute and  deliver such documents as may be
reasonably requested by Buyer to  comply with the requirements of Buyer\'s
programming Contracts and  channel line-up requirements with respect to
acquisitions of cable  television systems. Neither party will be required to
make any payments  to the other\'s programmers in the fulfillment of its
obligations under  this Section 6.18; provided, however, that Buyer will not
be required  to provide specific programming or channels or to assume any
liability  with respect to or in connection with the programming agreements
of  Seller or any of its Affiliates.   6.19. Cooperation as to Rates and
Fees.   6.19.1. After the Closing, notwithstanding the terms  of Section
10.4, Buyer will have the right at its own expense to assume  control of the
defense of any rate proceeding with respect to the  Systems that remains
pending as of the Closing or that arises after the  Closing but relates to
the pre-Closing operation of the Systems. Buyer  will promptly notify Seller
regarding the commencement of any such rate  proceeding relating to the pre-
Closing operation of the Systems. In any  such rate proceeding involving the
Systems, Seller will cooperate in  such proceeding and promptly deliver to
Buyer all information  reasonably requested by Buyer as necessary or helpful
in such  proceeding.   (a) If Buyer elects to assume control of the 
defense of any such rate proceeding, then (i) Seller will have the  right to
participate, at its expense, in the defense in such rate  proceeding, and
(ii) Buyer will have the right to settle any rate  proceeding relating to the
pre-Closing operation of the Systems unless  under such settlement Seller
would be required to bear liability with  respect to the pre-Closing time
period, in which event such settlement  will require Seller\'s prior written
consent, which consent will not be  unreasonably withheld, conditioned or
delayed.   44  51  (b) If Buyer does not elect to assume  control of the
defense of any such rate proceeding, then (i) Buyer will  have the right to
participate, at its expense, in the defense in such  rate proceeding, and
(ii) without the prior consent of Buyer (which  will not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed), Seller will  not settle such rate
proceeding if such settlement would require Buyer  to bear any liability or
would adversely affect the rates to be charged  by Buyer. In any such rate
proceeding involving the Systems, Buyer will  cooperate in such proceeding
and promptly deliver to Seller all  information in its possession that is
reasonably requested by Seller as  necessary or helpful in such
proceeding.   6.19.2. Prior to Closing, Seller will not settle or  permit
to be settled any rate proceeding with respect to the Systems or  Franchises
without the consent of Buyer, which consent will not be  unreasonably
withheld or delayed, unless the proposed settlement  includes injunctive or
other relief that adversely affects the Assets  or its ability to operate
such Systems substantially in the manner in  which they are operated on the
date of this Agreement (other than  changing the rates in question), in which
case consent may be withheld  or delayed in Buyer\'s sole discretion.  
6.19.3. If Seller is required, following the Closing,  pursuant to any Legal
Requirement, settlement or otherwise, to  reimburse or provide in-kind or
another form of consideration to any  subscribers of the Systems in respect
of any subscriber payments  previously made by them, including fees for cable
television service,  equipment charges, late fees and similar payments, Buyer
agrees that it  will make such reimbursement or provide such in-kind or other
form of  consideration through Buyer\'s billing system on terms reasonably 
specified by Seller, and Seller will reimburse Buyer for all such  payments
and other consideration made by Buyer following the Closing  and for Buyer\'s
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in  connection therewith. Such
reimbursement will be reflected in the Final  Adjustments Report, to the
extent then known. For expenses incurred  after completion of the Final
Adjustments Report, Seller will reimburse  Buyer within 60 days after receipt
of a statement therefor. Seller and  Buyer will provide each other with all
information in its possession  that is reasonably required by such other
party in connection with such  reimbursement.   6.20. Cooperation on
Pending Litigation. With respect to any  defense or prosecution of any
litigation or legal proceeding with  respect to the Systems that relates to
the period prior to the Closing  Time and for which Seller and its Affiliates
are responsible pursuant  to this Agreement, Buyer will cooperate with and
assist Seller and its  Affiliates, upon reasonable request and at Seller\'s
expense, by  undertaking commercially reasonable efforts to make witnesses
available  and provide all information in its possession (including access
to  employees with information regarding such proceedings and access to 
books and records that may relate to the proceedings) that Seller and  its
Affiliates may reasonably require in connection with such  litigation or
legal proceedings or in   45  52  response to any complaint, claim,
inquiry, order or requirements of any  Governmental Authority or other Third
Party. No action undertaken by  Buyer as requested by Seller under this
Section 6.20 will be deemed a  waiver of any rights and remedies it may have
with respect to any  breach under this Agreement.   6.21.
Confidentiality.   6.21.1. Neither Buyer nor Seller will, nor will it 
permit any of its Affiliates to, issue any press release or make any  other
public announcement or any oral or written statements to Seller\'s  employees
concerning this Agreement or the transactions contemplated  hereby except as
required by applicable Legal Requirements, without the  prior written consent
of the other party. Each party will hold, and  will cause its employees,
consultants, advisors and agents to hold, the  terms of this Agreement in
confidence; provided that (a) such party may  use and disclose such
information once it has become publicly disclosed  (other than by such party
in breach of its obligations under this  Section) or which rightfully has
come into the possession of such party  (other than from the other party) and
(b) to the extent that such party  may be compelled by Legal Requirements to
disclose any of such  information, but the party proposing to disclose such
information will  first notify and consult with the other party concerning
the proposed  disclosure, to the extent reasonably feasible. Each party also
may  disclose such information to employees, consultants, advisors, agents 
and actual or potential lenders whose knowledge is necessary to  facilitate
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this  Agreement. The
obligation by either party to hold information in  confidence pursuant to
this Section will be satisfied if such party  exercises the same care with
respect to such information as it would  exercise to preserve the
confidentiality of its own similar  information.   6.21.2. All information
concerning the Business or  Assets obtained by Buyer or its Affiliates
pursuant to or in connection  with negotiation of this Agreement will be used
by Buyer and its  Affiliates solely for purposes related to this Agreement
and, in the  case of nonpublic information, will, except as may be required
for the  performance of this Agreement or by Legal Requirement, be kept in 
strict confidence by Buyer and its Affiliates in accordance with the  terms
of the letter agreement dated October 24, 2000, as amended  effective on the
date of this Agreement, which letter agreement, as  amended, is hereby
incorporated in this Agreement by reference. Any  breach of such letter
agreement, as amended, will be deemed a material  breach of this
Agreement.   6.22. Lien Searches. Seller will obtain, at its expense, and 
deliver to Buyer at least 45 Business Days prior to the Closing Date,  the
results of a lien search conducted by a professional search company  of
records in the offices of the secretaries of state in each state and  county
clerks in each county where there exist any Real Property or  Equipment, and
in the state and county where Seller\'s principal offices  are located,
including copies of all financing statements or   46  53  similar notices
or filings (and any continuation statements) discovered  by such search
company.   6.23. Further Assurances. At or after the Closing, each party 
at the request of the other party, will promptly execute and deliver,  or
cause to be executed and delivered, to the other party all such  documents
and instruments, in addition to those otherwise required by  this Agreement,
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the  other party as the
other party may reasonably request in order to carry  out or evidence the
terms of this Agreement or to collect any accounts  receivable or other
claims included in the Assets.   6.24. Expired Leases. Seller will exercise
commercially  reasonable efforts prior to Closing to obtain written renewals
or  extensions, on terms reasonably acceptable to Buyer, for at least one 
year following the Closing of all leases of Real Property that will  have
expired prior to the Closing.   6.25. Environmental Assessment.   6.25.1.
Seller acknowledges and agrees that Buyer may  commission, at Buyer\'s cost
and expense, a "Phase I" environmental site  assessment of the Real Property
owned by Seller (a "Phase I  Assessment") or "Phase II" assessment, or other
testing or analysis of  the Real Property owned by Seller as Buyer may deem
appropriate (a  "Phase II Assessment"). Seller will use its commercially
reasonable  efforts to comply with any reasonable request for information
made by  Buyer or its agents in connection with any such investigation, but
in  no event will Seller be required under this Section 6.25.1 to disclose 
any materials constituting attorney-client privileged communications.  Seller
covenants that any response to any such request for information  will be
complete and correct in all material respects. Seller will  afford Buyer and
its agents or representatives access to all operations  of Seller at all
reasonable times and in a reasonable manner in  connection with any such
investigation. Any such assessment will be  completed within 60 days of the
date of this Agreement. If Buyer  notifies Seller in writing within 15 days
after the date Buyer receives  the assessment with respect to a parcel of
owned Real Property that the  assessment discloses an environmental condition
that (a) constitutes a  breach, or any facts which could be reasonably
expected to result in a  breach, of the representations of Seller contained
in Section 4.8 or  (b) could reasonably be expected to impair the use or
value of such  Real Property for the continued operations of the Business or
subject  Buyer to any Losses if Buyer consummates this Agreement, then
Seller  will promptly commence further investigation and use commercially 
reasonable efforts to at its expense to cure the condition prior to  Closing.
If Seller, having used such commercially reasonable efforts,  is unable to
cure the condition prior to Closing and Closing will  occur, then any claim
for indemnification that Buyer may have with  respect to the condition may be
brought without the requirement that  such claims meet or exceed the
Threshold Amount.   47  54  6.25.2. In the event this Agreement is
terminated or  fails to close in accordance with its terms, Buyer agrees to
repair any  damage or disturbance it causes to the Real Property in the
course of  such investigative activities by returning such Real Property to 
approximately the same condition as existed prior to such investigative 
activities. Buyer will indemnify, defend and hold Seller free and  harmless
from and against any and all claims, actions, causes of  action, suits,
proceedings, costs, expenses (including reasonable  attorneys\' and
consultants\' fees and costs), liabilities, damages, and  liens of any type
arising directly out of any act or omission of Buyer  or any of Buyer\'s
representatives on or about the Real Property in the  course of such
investigative activities. However, neither of the two  preceding sentences
will be interpreted to impose any obligation upon  Buyer with respect to
Hazardous Substances present at, on, in, under or  about, or any conditions
existing on, the Real Property at the time of  such investigative activities,
except to the extent Buyer\'s negligence  or willful misconduct causes a
release of such Hazardous Substances or  otherwise exacerbates any such
condition in a manner that leads to  liability under any Environmental
Law.   6.25.3. All information collected and generated as a  result of the
environmental due diligence authorized by Section 6.25.1  will be subject to
the terms and conditions of Section 6.21 of this  Agreement. Buyer will
provide to Seller copies of all reports,  assessments and other information
composed or compiled by Buyer\'s  environmental consultants within five (5)
Business Days after Buyer\'s  receipt of copies thereof.   6.26. No Offers.
Seller (and its directors, officers,  employees, representatives and agents)
will not directly or indirectly,  (i) offer the Assets, the Systems or the
Business for sale, (ii)  solicit, encourage or entertain offers for such
Assets, Systems or  Business, (iii) initiate negotiations or discussions for
the sale of  such Assets, Systems or Business or (iv) make information about
such  Assets, Systems or Business available to any Third Party in
connection  with the possible sale of such Assets, Systems or Business prior
to the  Closing Date or the date this Agreement is terminated in accordance 
with its terms.   6.27. Taxes. Seller and Buyer will reasonably cooperate
in  connection with the preparation and filing of any Tax return or any 
similar information statement, including any Transfer Tax Returns, for  which
the other is responsible for preparing and filing with respect to  the
Assets.   6.28. Distant Broadcast Signals. Unless otherwise restricted  or
prohibited by any Governmental Authority, applicable Legal  Requirements or
Contract, Seller will, if requested by Buyer, delete  prior to the Closing
any distant broadcast signals which Buyer  determines will result in
unacceptable liability on the part of Buyer  for copyright payments with
respect to continued carriage of such  signals after the Closing; provided,
however, that Seller may refuse to  honor such a request if such deletion
could reasonably be expected to   48  55  delay or otherwise jeopardize
Seller\'s ability to complete the  transactions contemplated herein.  
6.29. System Telephone Services. Prior to Closing, Buyer will  select a
vendor for the provision, and arrange for the transition, of  all telephony
services (e.g., long distance, data circuits, and 800  number) used in
connection with the operation of the Systems. If Buyer  fails to effect the
transition of telephony services to its selected  vendor as of the Closing
Date, then Buyer will reimburse Seller for all  charges incurred by Seller
after Closing with respect to telephony  services used in connection with the
operation of the Systems or in the  conduct of the Business.   7.
CONDITIONS TO CLOSING.   7.1. Conditions to the Obligations of Buyer and
Seller. The  obligations of each party to consummate the transactions
contemplated  by this Agreement are subject to the satisfaction, at or before
the  Closing, of the following, which may be waived by the parties to the 
extent not prohibited by applicable Legal Requirements:   7.1.1. HSR Act
Filings. All filings required under  the HSR Act have been made and the
applicable waiting period has  expired or been terminated.   7.1.2. Absence
of Legal Proceedings; Judgment. No  judgment has been entered and not vacated
by any Governmental Authority  and no Legal Requirement has been enacted,
promulgated or issued or  become or deemed applicable to any of the
transactions contemplated by  this Agreement by any Governmental Authority,
which prevents or makes  illegal the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. No action,  suit or proceeding is pending or threatened by any
federal Governmental  Authority which would prevent or make illegal the
transactions  contemplated by this Agreement.   7.2. Conditions to the
Obligations of Buyer. The obligations  of Buyer to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement  are subject to the satisfaction,
at or before the Closing, of the  following conditions, which may be waived
by Buyer (subject to Section  10.3(d)) to the extent not prohibited by
applicable Legal Requirements:   7.2.1. Accuracy of Representations and
Warranties.  The representations and warranties of Seller in this Agreement
are  true, complete and correct (without regard to any materiality or 
similar qualifications contained therein), at and as of the Closing  with the
same effect as if made at and as of the Closing, except (i)  for changes, if
any, permitted or contemplated by this Agreement, (ii)  to the extent a
different date is specified therein, in which case such  representation and
warranty is true and correct as of such date and  (iii) to the extent that
all misstatements, omissions and inaccuracies  in the   49  56 
representations and warranties of Seller, in the aggregate, do not have  and
could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.   7.2.2.
Performance of Agreements. Seller in all  material respects has performed and
complied with each obligation,  agreement, covenant and condition required by
this Agreement to be  performed or complied with by Seller at or prior to the
Closing.   7.2.3. Deliveries. Seller has delivered the items and  documents
required to be delivered by it pursuant to this Agreement,  including those
required under Section 8.2.   7.2.4. Required Consents. Except as
otherwise  provided in Section 6.5.2, Seller will have received and delivered
to  Buyer in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Buyer, all of 
the Required Consents marked with an asterisk on SCHEDULE 4.3  (including
those incorporated by reference), all Required Consents for  other CARS
Licenses and Business Radio Licenses over 470 MHz and all  Required Consents
for other tower and headend leases; provided,  however, that this condition,
to the extent it relates to Required  Consents of Governmental Authorities
for Franchises, will be deemed to  be satisfied when, the aggregate number of
Equivalent Basic Subscribers  (i) located in areas where it is legally
permissible to operate without  a franchise or that are served pursuant to
Franchises that do not  require consent, or (ii) that are located in
franchise areas where the  Franchise is not expired as to which Required
Consents have been  obtained in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
Buyer (or the  consent of the appropriate Governmental Authority will be
deemed to  have been received in accordance with Section 617 of the
Communications  Act (47 U.S.C. 537)), divided by of the total number of
Equivalent  Basic Subscribers for all of the Systems (the "Franchise
Consent  Ratio") is equal to or greater than 90%. For purposes of
calculating  the Franchise Consent Ratio, the number of Equivalent Basic
Subscribers  related to each franchise and for all of the Systems as a whole
will be  calculated as of April 30, 2001, or otherwise agreed upon by the 
parties.   7.2.5. Subscribers. The aggregate of the Equivalent  Basic
Subscribers and the "Equivalent Basic Subscribers" under the  Related
Agreement as of the last day of the calendar month immediately  preceding the
Closing Date is not less than 125,460.   7.2.6. No Material Adverse Changes.
During the period  from December 31, 2000, through and including the Closing
Date, there  will not have occurred and be continuing any event or events
having,  individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.  
7.2.7. Franchise Renewals. Each Franchise for which  (a) a valid notice of
renewal pursuant to the formal renewal procedures  established by Section 626
of the Communications Act has not been  timely delivered to the    50 
57  appropriate Governmental Authority and (b) with respect to which the
appropriate Governmental Authority has not confirmed in writing that the
procedure established by Section 626 nonetheless will apply to the renewal or
extension of such Franchise, will have been renewed or extended for a period
expiring no earlier than three years after the Closing Date.   7.2.8. At
Home Agreement. Seller will have caused At Home Corporation to execute and
deliver to Buyer an Affiliation Agreement, which Affiliation Agreement, in
combination with the Transitional HSD Services, will permit Buyer to provide
high speed data services to subscribers for six months following Closing and
will be on terms consistent with At Home Corporation\'s then-standard terms
and conditions offered to Third Party MSOs, which terms will be no less
favorable than either (at At Home Corporation\'s election), Buyer\'s
or Buyer\'s Affiliate\'s then-current At Home Affiliation Agreement for its
Fort Worth, Texas, cable system or Buyer\'s or Buyer\'s Affiliate\'s then-
current At Home Affiliation Agreement for its Greenville/Spartanburg, South
Carolina, cable system.   7.3. Conditions to Obligations of Seller. The
obligations of Seller to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement are subject to the satisfaction at or before the Closing, of the
following, which may be waived by Seller, to the extent not prohibited by
applicable Legal Requirements:   7.3.1. Accuracy of Representations and
Warranties. The representations and warranties of Buyer in this Agreement, if
qualified by a reference to materiality, are true, complete and correct and,
if not so qualified, are true, complete and correct in all material respects,
at and as of the Closing with the same effect as if made at and as of the
Closing, except for changes, if any, permitted or contemplated by this
Agreement and except to the extent a different date is specified therein, in
which case such representation and warranty is true and correct as of such
date.   7.3.2. Performance of Agreements. Buyer in all material respects
has performed and complied with each obligation, agreement, covenant and
condition required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by
Buyer at or prior to the Closing.   7.3.3. Deliveries. Buyer has delivered
the payment, items and documents required to be delivered by it pursuant to
this Agreement, including those required under Section 8.3.  8.
CLOSING.   8.1. Time and Place of the Closing. The Closing will be held on
a date specified by Seller which is no less than five nor more than 10
Business Days following the date all conditions to the Closing contained in
this Agreement (other than those based on acts to be performed at the
Closing) have been   51  58 satisfied or waived; provided, however,
either party may postpone the Closing Date until the last day of the month in
which all such conditions are satisfied or waived. The Closing will be held
at 9:00 a.m., local time, at Seller\'s counsel\'s office located at 633
Seventeenth Street, Suite 3000, Denver, Colorado 80202, or at such other
place and time as Buyer and Seller may agree.   8.2. Seller\'s Delivery
Obligations . At the Closing, Seller will deliver (or cause to be delivered)
to Buyer the following:   (a) A Bill of Sale and Assignment and Assumption
Agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit A to this Agreement (the "Bill
of Sale");   (b) A special or limited warranty deed in a form
reasonably acceptable to Buyer (and complying with applicable state laws)
with respect to each parcel of Real Property which is owned by Seller, and
the improvements thereon, duly executed and acknowledged and in recordable
form, warranting only to defend title to such owned Real Property against all
persons claiming by, through or under Seller, subject, however, to any
Permitted Encumbrances;   (c) Title certificates to all vehicles included
among the Assets (including those subject to leases), endorsed for transfer
of valid and good title to Buyer, free and clear of all Encumbrances and
leases (other than Permitted Encumbrances), and separate bills of sale or
other transfer documentation for such vehicles, if required by the laws of
the states in which such vehicles are titled;   (d) A certificate, dated
the Closing Date, signed by an officer of Seller, stating, solely in his or
her capacity as such officer, that the conditions set forth in Sections 7.2.1
and 7.2.2 are satisfied;   (e) A FIRPTA Non-Foreign Seller Certificate from
Seller certifying that it is not a foreign person within the meaning of
Section 1445 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code")
reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to Buyer;   (f) Evidence
reasonably satisfactory to Buyer that all Encumbrances (other than Permitted
Encumbrances) affecting or encumbering the Assets have been terminated,
released or waived, as appropriate, or original, executed instruments in form
reasonably satisfactory to Buyer effecting such terminations, releases or
waivers;   (g) Copies of all Required Consents which have been obtained by
the Seller prior to Closing;   52  59  (h) All Books and Records,
delivery of which will be deemed made to the extent such Books and Records
are then located at any of the offices of the Systems included in the Real
Property;   (i) An opinion of Sherman and Howard L.L.C., counsel for Seller,
in substantially the form of Exhibit C; and   (j) Such other documents as
Buyer may reasonably request in connection with the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.   8.3. Buyer\'s Delivery Obligations . At the Closing,
Buyer will deliver (or cause to be delivered) to Seller the following:  
(a) The Purchase Price required to be paid at the Closing, as adjusted in
accordance with this Agreement;   (b) The Bill of Sale executed by
Buyer;   (c) A certificate, dated the Closing Date, signed by an officer
of Buyer, stating, solely in his or her capacity as such officer, that
the conditions set forth in Sections 7.3.1 and 7.3.2 are satisfied;   (d)
An opinion of Irell and Manella LLP, counsel for Buyer, in in substantially the
form of Exhibit D; and   (e) Such other documents as Seller may reasonably
request in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.  9. TERMINATION.   9.1. Events of Termination. This Agreement
may be terminated and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement may be
abandoned at any time prior to the Closing:   9.1.1. By the mutual written
consent of Buyer and Seller;   9.1.2. By either party, upon written notice
to the other party, if the transactions contemplated by this Agreement to
take place at the Closing have not been consummated by the date which is 12
months after the date of this Agreement, for any reason other than (i) a
breach or default by such party in the performance of any of its obligations
under this Agreement or (ii) the failure of any representation or warranty of
such party to be accurate; or   9.1.3. By either party at any time upon
written notice to the other, if the other is in material breach or default of
any of its covenants, agreements or other obligations in this Agreement or in
any Transaction Document and fails to cure such breach or default (a) within
the 30-day period following such written notice or, (b) if such breach or
default is incapable of being cured within such   53  60 30-day period
and the defaulting party promptly initiates and diligently pursues such cure
to completion upon receipt of such notice, within a reasonable period of
time.   9.2. Liabilities in Event of Termination. If this Agreement
is terminated pursuant to Section 9.1, all obligations of the parties under
this Agreement will terminate except for the parties respective obligations
under Section 6.21 and 11.18. Notwithstanding a party\'s right to pursue
remedies for breach of contract upon termination of this Agreement in
accordance with Section 9.1, no remedies for breaches of representations and
warranties will be available if this Agreement is terminated pursuant to
Section 9.1. Furthermore, if the Closing does not occur, no party will be
liable for any incidental, consequential, exemplary, special, or punitive
damages in connection with any claim for breach of this Agreement.  10.
SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; INDEMNIFICATION.   10.1.
Survival of Representations and Warranties. The representations and
warranties of the parties in this Agreement and the Transaction Documents
will survive the Closing until 15 months after the Closing Date, except that
the representations and warranties relating to Taxes, ERISA and environmental
matters will survive until 90 days after the expiration of the applicable
statute of limitations and the representations and warranties relating to
Seller\'s title to, and the absence of Encumbrances (other than Permitted
Encumbrances) on, the Assets will survive indefinitely and will not be merged
into or otherwise limited by any deed or other conveyance document.
The applicable periods of survival of the representations and warranties
prescribed by this Section 10.1 are referred to as the "Survival Period." The
liabilities of the parties under their respective representations and
warranties will expire as of the expiration of the applicable Survival
Period; provided, however, that such expiration will not include, extend or
apply to any representation or warranty, the breach of which has been
asserted by a party in a written notice to the breaching party before such
expiration. The covenants and agreements of the parties in this Agreement and
the Transaction Documents will survive the Closing and will continue in full
force and effect without limitation.   10.2. Indemnification by Seller.
Following the Closing, Seller and ATandT; Parent, jointly and severally, will
indemnify, defend and hold harmless Buyer and its shareholders and its and
their respective Affiliates, and the shareholders, directors, officers,
partners, members, employees, agents, successors and assigns of any of such
Persons and any Person claiming by or through any of them, from and against
all Losses of or to Buyer or any such other indemnified Person resulting from
or arising out of (a) any breach of any representation or warranty made by
Seller in this Agreement (without regard to any materiality or similar
qualifications contained therein), (b) any breach of any covenant, agreement
or obligation of Seller contained in this Agreement, and   54  61 (c) any
liability or obligation of Seller or relating to the Business not included in
the Assumed Obligations and Liabilities.   10.3. Indemnification by Buyer.
Following the Closing, Buyer will indemnify, defend and hold harmless Seller
and Seller\'s shareholders, directors, officers, partners, members,
employees, agents, successors and assigns, and any Person claiming by or
through any of them, from and against all Losses of or to Seller or any such
other indemnified Person resulting from or arising out of (a) any breach of
any representation or warranty made by Buyer in this Agreement (without
regard to any materiality or similar qualifications contained therein), (b)
any breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation of Buyer contained
in this Agreement, (c) the failure by Buyer to assume and perform the
Assumed Obligations and Liabilities, and (d) if Buyer waives the condition to
Closing contained in Section 7.2.4 that the Franchise Consent Ratio equal or
exceed 90%, the transfer of Assets to Buyer without having obtained the
scheduled Required Consents (or deemed consents) with respect to any
Franchise; provided, however, in no event shall clause (d) hereof be
interpreted to reduce Buyer\'s rights to recover with respect to any breaches
by Seller of its representations, warranties or covenants.   10.4. Third
Party Claims. Promptly after the receipt by any party of notice of any claim,
action, suit or proceeding by any Person who is not a party to this Agreement
(collectively, an "Action"), which Action is subject to indemnification under
this Agreement, such party (the "Indemnified Party") will give reasonable
written notice to the party from whom indemnification is claimed (the
"Indemnifying Party"). The Indemnified Party will be entitled, at the
sole expense and liability of the Indemnifying Party, to exercise full
control of the defense, compromise or settlement of any such Action unless
the Indemnifying Party, within a reasonable time after the giving of such
notice by the Indemnified Party, (a) notifies the Indemnified Party in
writing of the Indemnifying Party\'s intention to assume such defense, (b)
agrees in writing to the Indemnified Party to assume and pay the Indemnified
Party\'s losses resulting from such Action, and (c) retains legal counsel
reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party to conduct the defense of
such Action. The other party will cooperate with the party assuming the
defense, compromise or settlement of any such Action in accordance with this
Agreement in any manner that such party reasonably may request. If the
Indemnifying Party so assumes the defense of any such Action, the Indemnified
Party will have the right to employ separate counsel and to participate in
(but not control) the defense, compromise or settlement of the Action, but
the fees and expenses of such counsel will be at the expense of the
Indemnified Party, unless (i) the Indemnifying Party has agreed to pay such
fees and expenses, (ii) any relief other than the payment of money damages is
sought against the Indemnified Party or (iii) the Indemnified Party has been
advised by its counsel that there may be one or more defenses available to it
which are different from or additional to those available to the Indemnifying
Party, and in any such case that portion of the reasonable out of pocket fees
and expenses of such separate counsel that are reasonably related to matters
covered   55  62 by the indemnity provided in this Section 10 will be paid
by the Indemnifying Party, provided that the Indemnifying Party will not be
obligated to pay the expenses of more than one separate counsel in each
jurisdiction for each Indemnified Party so entitled to separate counsel.
Expenses of counsel to the Indemnified Party will be reimbursed on a current
basis by the Indemnifying Party if such expenses are a liability of the
Indemnifying Party and if there is no dispute as to the applicability of
indemnification. No Indemnified Party will settle or compromise any such
Action for which it is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement
without the prior written consent of the Indemnifying Party (not to be
unreasonably withheld), unless the Indemnifying Party has failed, after
reasonable notice, to undertake control of such Action in the manner provided
in this Section 10.4. No Indemnifying Party will settle or compromise any
such Action without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party
(not to be unreasonably withheld); provided, however, in any Action (i) in
which any relief other than the payment of money damages is sought against
any Indemnified Party or (ii) in the case of any Action relating to the
Indemnified Party\'s liability for any Tax, if the effect of such settlement
would be an increase in the liability of the Indemnified Party for the
payment of any Tax for any period beginning after the Closing Date, the
consent of the Indemnified Party may be withheld by the Indemnified Party in
its sole and absolute discretion.  10.5. Limitations on Indemnification -
Seller. Seller and ATandT; Parent will not be liable, in the aggregate, for
indemnification arising under Section 10.2(a) for any Losses of or to Buyer
or any other person entitled to indemnification from Seller unless the amount
of such Losses for which Seller and ATandT; Parent would, but for the
provisions of this Section 10.5, be liable plus the amounts for which
Seller\'s Affiliates would be liable under Section 10.2(a) of the Related
Agreement (disregarding the provisions of Section 10.5 of the
Related Agreement) exceeds, on an aggregate basis, $1,750,000 (the "Threshold
Amount,") provided that in determining whether the Threshold Amount has been
exceeded, there will not be included any Losses arising from any single claim
that is less than $10,000. If the Threshold Amount is exceeded, Seller and
ATandT; Parent will be liable, jointly and severally, for the full amount of
all Losses (including any single claims for Losses of less than $10,000),
which amount will be due and payable within 15 days after the later of (a)
the date Seller receives a statement therefor and (b) the date an Action with
respect to such Losses is settled or decided in accordance with section 10.4.
Neither Seller nor ATandT; Parent will be liable for punitive damages assessed
for Buyer\'s conduct. The maximum aggregate amount that Seller and its
Affiliates (including ATandT; Parent) will be required to pay for
indemnification arising under Section 10.2(a) of this Agreement and Section
10.2(a) of the Related Agreement in respect of all claims by all indemnified
parties is $35,000,000. Notwithstanding the preceding, neither the minimum
nor maximum limits specified in this Section 10.5 will apply to: (i) the
obligation to pay post-Closing adjustments pursuant to Section 3.3; (ii)
Seller\'s breach of its representations and warranties that it has title
to, and the absence of Encumbrances (other than Permitted Encumbrances) on,
the Assets owned by Seller; or (iii) any   56  63 indemnification claims
pursuant to Section 10.2(b) or 10.2(c), irrespective of whether such claims
also constitute claims under Section 10.2(a)).   10.6. Limitations on
Indemnification - Buyer. Buyer will not be liable for indemnification arising
under Section 10.3(a) for any Losses of or to Seller or any other person
entitled to indemnification from Buyer unless the amount of such Losses for
which Buyer would, but for the provisions of this Section 10.6, be liable
plus the amounts for which Buyer\'s Affiliates would be liable under Section
10.3(a) of the Related Agreement (disregarding the provisions of Section 10.6
of the Related Agreement) exceeds, on an aggregate basis, the Threshold
Amount, provided that in determining whether the Threshold Amount has been
exceeded, there will not be included any Losses arising from any single claim
that is less than $10,000. If the Threshold Amount is exceeded, Seller will
be liable for the full amount of all Losses (including any single claims for
Losses of less than $10,000), which amount will be due and payable within 15
days after the later of (a) the date Buyer receives a statement therefor and
(b) the date an Action with respect to such Losses is settled or decided in
accordance with section 10.4. Buyer will not be liable for punitive damages
assessed for Seller\'s conduct. The maximum aggregate amount that Buyer and
its Affiliates will be required to pay for indemnification arising
under Section 10.3(a) of this Agreement and Section 10.3(a) of the Related
Agreement in respect of all claims by all indemnified parties is
$35,000,000. Notwithstanding the preceding, neither the minimum nor maximum
limits specified in this Section 10.6 will apply to: (i) the obligation to
pay the Purchase Price, as adjusted; (ii) the obligation to pay post-Closing
adjustments pursuant to Section 3.3; (iii) Buyer\'s obligation to assume and
perform the Assumed Obligations and Liabilities; or (iv) any indemnification
claims pursuant to Section 10.3(b), 10.3(c) or 10.3(d), irrespective of
whether such claims also constitute claims under Section 10.3(a)).   10.7.
Sole Remedy. Each party acknowledges and agrees that, should the Closing
occur, its sole and exclusive remedy against the other with respect to any
breach of representation, warranty, covenant, agreement or obligation (other
than any claim based on fraud or intentional tort) will be pursuant to the
indemnification provisions set forth in this Section 10.   10.8. Treatment
of Indemnity and Other Payments. All indemnity and other payments made under
this Agreement will be treated for all Tax purposes as adjustments to the
Purchase Price.  11. Miscellaneous.   11.1. Parties Obligated and
Benefited. Subject to the limitations set forth below, this Agreement will be
binding upon the parties and their respective permitted assigns and
successors in interest and will inure solely to the benefit of the parties
and their respective permitted assigns and successors in interest, and no
other Person will be entitled to any of the benefits conferred by this
Agreement. Without the prior written consent of the other party, no party
will   57  64 assign any of its rights under this Agreement or delegate
any of its duties under this Agreement; provided, however, either party may
assign its rights to an Affiliate so long as the assigning party continues to
be bound by the terms of this Agreement. In addition, Seller may assign its
rights under this Agreement (but not obligations) to a qualified intermediary
within the meaning of Code Section 1.1031(k)-1(g)(4)(iii) ("Qualified
Intermediary") and Buyer will cooperate with Seller as may be reasonably
necessary in connection with such assignment and the deferred tax-free
exchange to be accomplished in connection therewith, including acknowledging
the execution of a written agreement between Seller and the Qualified
Intermediary. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Buyer\'s cooperation and
Seller\'s attempt at such an exchange will not extend to any act or omission
which may have the effect of (i) impairing the title to the Assets; (ii)
impairing Buyer\'s rights and remedies under this Agreement
(including Buyer\'s rights to indemnification, to the assurances provided by
Seller\'s representations and warranties, to close the transaction
contemplated by the Agreement within the time and in the manner specified),
(iii) increasing Buyer\'s obligations or liability hereunder or resulting in
any additional cost, expense or liability to Buyer. Buyer may demand
reasonable assurances from Seller to such effect prior to entering into any
agreement or consenting to any assignment of Seller\'s rights or obligations
hereunder. Further, Seller covenants and agrees that (i) the restructuring of
the subject transaction to qualify for exchange treatment will not prevent
nor delay the Closing beyond the date set forth in the Agreement, (ii) Buyer
will not be required to take title to any property other than the Assets,
(iii) Seller\'s attempt to effect a tax deferred exchange will in no event be
a condition to the Closing, and (iv) Seller will, and hereby agrees to,
indemnify, defend and hold Buyer harmless from and against any and all Losses
threatened against, suffered or incurred by Buyer by reason of any such
cooperation and/or Seller\'s attempt at exchange treatment.   11.2. Notices.
Any notice, request, demand, waiver or other communication required or
permitted to be given under this Agreement will be in writing and will be
deemed to have been duly given only if delivered in person or by first class,
prepaid, certified mail, or sent by courier or, if receipt is confirmed, by
telecopier:   To Buyer at: c/o Charter Communications, Inc.  12444
Powerscourt Drive, Suite 100  St. Louis, Missouri 63124  Attention: Curtis
S. Shaw, Esq.  Senior Vice President, General Counsel  and Secretary  Fax:
(314) 965-8793   With a copy (which will not constitute notice) to:  Irell
and Manella LLP  1800 Avenue of the Stars, Suite 900  Los Angeles, California
90067   58  65  Attention: Alvin G. Segel, Esq.  Fax: (310) 203-7199  
To Seller at: c/o ATandT; Broadband, LLC  188 Inverness Drive West  Englewood,
Colorado 80112  Attention: Alfredo Di Blasio  Fax: (303) 858-3456   With a
copy similarly addressed to the attention of Karla Tartz,  Esq., Fax: (303)
858-3487.   With a copy (which will not constitute notice) to:  Sherman and
Howard,L.L.C.  633 Seventeenth Street  Suite 3000  Denver, Colorado 80202 
Attention: Gregory J. Ramos, Esq.  Fax: (303) 298-0940  Any party may
change the address to which notices are required to be sent by giving notice
of such change in the manner provided in this Section 11.2. All notices will
be deemed to have been received on the date of actual receipt.   11.3.
Attorneys\' Fees. In the event of any action or suit based upon or arising
out of this Agreement, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover
reasonable attorneys\' fees and other costs of such action or suit from the
other party.   11.4. Right to Specific Performance. The parties acknowledge
that the unique nature of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement
renders money damages an inadequate remedy for the breach by either party of
its obligations under this Agreement, and each party agrees that in the event
of such breach, the non-breaching party will, upon proper action instituted
by it, be entitled to seek a decree of specific performance of this
Agreement.   11.5. Disclaimer of Warranty. Buyer and Seller agree that
the representations and warranties of Seller contained in this Agreement and
the Transaction Documents constitute the sole representations and warranties
of Seller to Buyer in connection with the transaction contemplated hereby.
BUYER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN THE
TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS, SELLER DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF
MERCHANTABILITY, USAGE, SUITABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE
WITH RESPECT TO THE ASSETS OR ANY PART THEREOF.   59  66  11.6. Waiver.
This Agreement or any of its provisions may not be waived except in writing.
The failure of any party to enforce any right arising under this Agreement on
one or more occasions will not operate as a waiver of that or any other right
on that or any other occasion.   11.7. Captions. The captions of this
Agreement are for convenience only and do not constitute a part of this
Agreement.   11.8. Choice of Law. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS OF THE
PARTIES UNDER IT WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ALL RESPECTS IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE
CONFLICTS OF LAWS RULES OF DELAWARE.   11.9. Terms. Terms used with initial
capital letters will have the meanings specified, applicable to both singular
and plural forms, for all purposes of this Agreement. The word "include" and
derivatives of that word are used in this Agreement in an illustrative sense
rather than limiting sense. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun
will include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. All
references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules will be
deemed to be references to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and
Schedules to, this Agreement unless the context will otherwise require. All
Exhibits and Schedules attached hereto will be deemed incorporated herein as
if set forth in full herein and, unless otherwise defined therein, all terms
used in any Exhibit or Schedule will have the meaning ascribed to such term
in this Agreement. The words "hereof," "herein" and "hereunder" and words of
similar import when used in this Agreement will refer to this Agreement as a
whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. Unless otherwise
expressly provided herein, any agreement, instrument or statute defined or
referred to herein or in any agreement or instrument that is referred to
herein means such agreement, instrument or statute as from time to time
amended, modified or supplemented, including (in the case of agreements or
instruments) by waiver or consent and (in the case of statutes) by
succession of comparable successor statutes and references to all attachments
thereto and instruments incorporated therein. All accounting terms not
otherwise defined in this Agreement will have the same meanings ascribed to
them under generally acceptable accounting principles as in effect from time
to time in the United States, consistently applied.   11.10. Rights
Cumulative. Subject to the limitations set forth in Section 10.7, all rights
and remedies of each of the parties under this Agreement will be cumulative,
and the exercise of one or more rights or remedies will not preclude the
exercise of any other right or remedy available under this Agreement or
applicable law.   11.11. Further Actions. Seller and Buyer will execute and
deliver to the other, from time to time at or after the Closing, for no
additional consideration   60  67 and at no additional cost to the
requesting party, such further assignments, certificates, instruments,
records, or other documents, assurances or things as may be reasonably
necessary to give full effect to this Agreement and to allow each party fully
to enjoy and exercise the rights accorded and acquired by it under this
Agreement. Seller will, upon Buyer\'s request given at any time after the
Closing through the date that is 15 months following the Closing, provide
Buyer with a duly executed assignment in recordable form for each Real
Property lease assigned to Buyer at Closing pursuant to the Bill of Sale,
which lease is, or as to which a memorandum of lease is, recorded in
the applicable public real property records.   11.12. Time. Time is of the
essence under this Agreement. If the last day permitted for giving of any
notice or the performance of any act required or permitted under this
Agreement falls on a day which is not a Business Day, the time for the giving
of such notice or the performance of such act will be extended to the next
succeeding Business Day.   11.13. Late Payments. If either party fails to
pay the other any amounts when due under this Agreement, the amounts due will
bear interest from the due date to the date of payment at the annual rate
publicly announced from time to time by The Bank of New York as its prime
rate (the "Prime Rate") plus 3%, adjusted as and when changes in the Prime
Rate are made.   11.14. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in
counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original. This Agreement will
become binding when one or more counterparts, individually or taken together,
bear the signatures of all parties to this Agreement. Delivery of an executed
signature page of this Agreement by facsimile transmission will constitute
effective and binding execution and delivery of this Agreement.   11.15.
Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including the Schedules and Exhibits
referred to in this Agreement, which are incorporated in and constitute a
part of this Agreement), other Agreements entered into by Buyer, Seller
and their respective Affiliates as of the date of this Agreement, and
the Transaction Documents contain the entire agreement of the parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior oral or written
agreements and understandings with respect to the subject matter. This
Agreement may not be amended or modified except by a writing signed by the
parties.   11.16. Severability. Any term or provision of this Agreement
which is invalid or unenforceable will be ineffective to the extent of such
invalidity or unenforceability without rendering invalid or unenforceable the
remaining rights of the Person intended to be benefited by such provision or
any other provisions of this Agreement.   11.17. Construction. This
Agreement has been negotiated by Buyer and Seller and their respective legal
counsel, and legal or equitable principles that   61  68  might require
the construction of this Agreement or any provision of this Agreement against
the party drafting this Agreement will not apply in any construction or
interpretation of this Agreement.   11.18. Expenses. Except as otherwise
expressly provided in this Agreement, each party will pay all of its
expenses, including attorneys\' and accountants\' fees, in connection with
the negotiation of this Agreement, the performance of its obligations and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   11.19.
Commercially Reasonable Efforts. For purposes of this Agreement, unless a
different standard is expressly provided with respect to any particular
matter, any requirement herein that a party use "commercially reasonable
efforts" will not be deemed to require that party to undertake extraordinary
measures, including the initiation or prosecution of legal proceedings or the
payment of amounts in excess of normal and usual filing fees and processing
fees, if any.   11.20. Guaranty and Suretyship Matters. ATandT; Parent
acknowledges that, notwithstanding that it is not a party to this Agreement
(other than with respect to Article 10), it will receive, in connection with
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, fair and
adequate consideration for its indemnification obligations under this
Agreement. ATandT; Parent therefore agrees that it will be deemed for all
purposes to be a primary obligor under each of such obligations, and not a
guarantor or surety. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that any of
the covenants or agreements in this Agreement are determined by a court of
competent jurisdiction to be a guaranty (in such case, the "Guaranty") by
ATandT; Parent of indemnity obligations (in such case, the "Guaranteed
Obligations") of any other person or entity (in such case the "Underlying
Obligor"), then, such Guaranty will be continuing, absolute and unconditional
(subject only to the applicable terms and conditions of this Agreement) and,
to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, ATandT; Parent hereby:  
11.20.1. Authorizes any beneficiary of such Guaranty (the "Beneficiary"),
from time to time in such Beneficiary\'s sole discretion, and without notice
to or demand upon ATandT; Parent (i) to amend, extend, waive, restructure or
otherwise modify the Guaranteed Obligations in whole or part, (ii) to
release, compromise, collect, settle or otherwise liquidate the Guaranteed
Obligations in whole or part, (iii) to take, hold, exchange, enforce, waive,
release and otherwise deal with collateral for the Guaranteed Obligations,
and (iv) to add, release or substitute any one or more endorser(s) or other
guarantor(s) for the Guaranteed Obligations;   11.20.2. Agrees that:   (i)
if any one or more of the foregoing actions are taken;   62  69  (ii) if
there is any change in the structure or existence of the Underlying Obligor;
or   (iii) if there occurs any other action, event or
circumstance whatsoever which constitutes or might be deemed to constitute an
equitable or legal discharge of an Underlying Obligor with respect to the
Guaranteed Obligations or of ATandT; Parent with respect to the Guaranty,
whether in bankruptcy or otherwise;  then (in the case of each of (i), (ii)
and (iii)), such action, event or circumstance shall not impair, reduce,
release or otherwise mitigate ATandT; Parent\'s liability under the Guaranty or
the Guaranteed Obligations;   11.20.3. Waives its right to assert against
any Beneficiary as a defense (legal or equitable), setoff, counterclaim or
cross-claim in connection with the Guaranty, any defense (legal or
equitable), setoff, counterclaim or cross-claim ATandT; Parent may now or in
the future have against the Underlying Obligor or any other person or
entity;   11.20.4. Waives all defenses, counterclaims and setoffs arising
from the present or future lack of perfection, sufficiency, validity
or enforceability of the Guaranteed Obligations or any security therefor
or documents relating thereto;   11.20.5. Waives any defense arising by
reason of any claim or defense based upon an election of remedies by a
Beneficiary;   11.20.6. Waives all notices of acceptance, presentments,
demand for performance, protests, diligence, notices of nonperformance or
default, and all other notices or formalities which ATandT; Parent may
otherwise be entitled to under applicable law;   11.20.7. Waives all rights
to require a Beneficiary to prosecute or seek enforcement of any remedies
against an Underlying Obligor or any other person or entity liable on account
of the Guaranteed Obligations, or to require a Beneficiary to seek to enforce
or resort to any remedies with respect to any security interests, liens,
encumbrances, collateral or other security for the Guaranteed Obligations;
and   11.20.8. Agrees that ATandT; Parent will have no right of
subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration or contribution against the
Underlying Obligor with respect to the Guaranty, and irrevocably waives any
such rights and any rights to participate in any security now or hereafter
held by a Beneficiary in connection with the Guaranteed Obligations.  
[Signature Page Follows]   63   70  The parties have executed this
Agreement as of the day and year first above written.   MARCUS CABLE OF
ALABAMA, L.L.C.     By: /s/ Curtis S. Shaw  -------------------------- 
Curtis S. Shaw  Senior Vice President     TCI OF SELMA, INC.   TCI OF
LEE COUNTY, INC.   TCI CABLEVISION OF ALABAMA, INC.   ALABAMA T.V. CABLE,
INC.   TCI SOUTHEAST, INC.     Each by: /s/ Alfredo Di Blasio 
--------------------------  Alfredo Di Blasio  Vice President   
64   '

