 STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED MAY 10,
2004    STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT   BY AND AMONG   ITERA HOLDINGS BV  
AND   DUNE ENERGY, INC.   AND   VAQUERO PARTNERS, LLC     STOCK
PURCHASE AGREEMENT   This STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this "Agreement"), dated
as of May 10, 2004 (the "Effective Date"), is made by and among ITERA
HOLDINGS BV, a Netherlands company ("Buyer") and DUNE ENERGY, INC., a
Delaware corporation (the "Company"). Vaquero Partners, LLC, a Texas limited
liability company (the "LLC") joins this Agreement only as to Sections 4.4
and 4.14 and Articles III, VII and IX solely with respect to references to
the LLC. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the
meanings given them in Article VIII.   RECITALS:   A. The Company and the
Buyer are executing and delivering this Agreement in accordance with and in
reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by Sections
4(1) and 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities
Act"), and Rule 506 under Regulation D ("Regulation D") as promulgated by the
United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") under the
Securities Act.   B. The Buyer desires, upon the terms and conditions stated
in this Agreement, to purchase from the Company that number of shares of the
Company\'s common stock, par value $.001 per share (the "Common Stock"), that
comprises 78% of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company\'s Common
Stock immediately after such purchase by Buyer (the "Shares"), calculated on
an as-converted, fully-diluted basis (assuming full conversion and exercise
of all of the Company\'s outstanding convertible or exercisable securities
and taking into effect the shares to be issued to The Altitude Group, LLC and
Vaquero Oil and Gas, Inc., a Texas corporation ("VOG") as described in Sections
4.13 and 7.12 hereof and to Buyer pursuant to the Closing), for an aggregate
purchase price of $12,000,000. The parties agree that the Shares are equal to
70,016,725 shares of the Company\'s Common Stock based on the information
provided by Company to Buyer, but Buyer shall have the right to redetermine
the Shares if it becomes aware of new information regarding the Company\'s
capitalization that is not consistent with the representations and
disclosures herein..   AGREEMENT:   In consideration of the premises and
the mutual representations, warranties and covenants contained herein, the
Company and the Buyer hereby agree as follows:   ARTICLE I  PURCHASE AND
SALE OF SHARES   1.1. Purchase and Sale of Shares. At the Closing, subject
to the terms of this Agreement and the satisfaction or waiver of the
conditions set forth in Articles VI and VII hereof, the Company shall sell to
the Buyer, and Buyer shall purchase from the Company, the Shares, and the
Company shall cause its transfer agent to issue to Buyer a stock certificate
evidencing ownership of such number of Shares.   1.2. Payment at Closing.
On the Closing Date, Buyer shall pay $11,000,000 for the Shares (which
constitutes the balance of the purchase price owed to the Company after
deduction of the Commitment Funds (as defined in Section 1.4 hereof), by wire
transfer to the Company of immediately available funds in accordance with the
written wire instructions furnished to the Buyer by the Company upon the
execution hereof.    2    1.3. Closing Date. Subject to the satisfaction
or waiver of the conditions set forth in Articles VI and VII hereof, the
Closing for the purchase of the Shares shall take place at 10:00 a.m. Eastern
Time on May 12, 2004 or such other date or time agreed upon by each of the
parties to this Agreement (the "Closing Date"). The Closing shall be held at
the offices of Foley and Lardner LLP, 100 N. Tampa Street, Suite 2700, Tampa,
Florida 33602, or at such other place as the parties agree.   1.4.
Commitment Funds. The parties acknowledge that Buyer has (i) already paid to
Company the sum of $730,000 and (ii) agreed to pay the Company an additional
$270,000 (collectively, the "Commitment Funds") pursuant to a Participation
Letter Agreement executed as of April 7, 2004, and that pursuant to such
agreement the Commitment Funds shall be applied as a credit against
the purchase price of the Shares at the Closing.   ARTICLE II 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE BUYER   Buyer hereby represents and
warrants to the Company the following:   2.1. Organization and
Qualification. Buyer is a company duly incorporated, validly existing and in
good standing under the laws of the Netherlands.   2.2. Authority Relative
to this Agreement. Buyer has full corporate power and authority to execute
and deliver this Agreement and the agreements ancillary thereto (the
"Ancillary Agreements") to which it is a party, to perform its obligations
hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery by Buyer of this Agreement and
the Ancillary Agreements to which it is a party and the consummation by Buyer
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly and
authorized by all necessary action by the Board of Directors of Buyer, and no
other action on the part of the Board of Directors of Buyer is required to
authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the
Ancillary Agreements to which it is a party and the consummation by Buyer of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. This Agreement and the
Ancillary Agreements to which Buyer is a party have been or will be,
as applicable, duly and validly executed and delivered by Buyer and, assuming
the due authorization, execution and delivery hereof by the Company,
constitutes or will constitute, as applicable, a legal, valid and binding
obligation of Buyer enforceable against Buyer in accordance with its
respective terms, except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium or
other similar Laws relating to the enforcement of creditors\' rights
generally and by general principles of equity.   2.3. No Conflicts. The
execution and delivery by Buyer of this Agreement and the Ancillary
Agreements to which it is a party does not, and the performance by Buyer of
its obligations under this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which it
is a party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby do not and will not:   (a) conflict with or result in a violation or
breach of any of  the terms, conditions or provisions of the articles of
association or  by-laws of Buyer;   (b) conflict with or result in a
violation or breach of any  Law or Order applicable to Buyer or its assets or
properties; or   (c) (i) conflict with or result in a violation or breach
of,  (ii) constitute a default (or an event that, with or without notice or 
lapse of time or both, would constitute a default) under, (iii) require 
Buyer to obtain any consent, approval or action of, make any filing with  or
give any notice to any Person as a result of the terms of (except for  (A)
such consents approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations,  declarations
and filings as may be required under applicable state or    3    federal
securities laws; and (B) such filings as may be required under the  HSR Act),
or (iv) result in or give to any Person any right of  termination,
cancellation, acceleration or modification in or with respect  to.   2.4.
Investment Advisors. No broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other
Person is entitled to any broker\'s, finder\'s, financial advisor\'s or
similar fee or commission from Buyer in connection with this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby.   2.5. Buyer Financing. Buyer has
sufficient funds to enable it to pay the Purchase Price and to perform its
obligations under this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents to which it is a
party.   2.6. Disclosure. No representation or warranty contained in
this Agreement, and no statement contained in any schedule to this
Agreement furnished by Buyer pursuant to any provision of this Agreement or
in any of the closing documents delivered pursuant to this Agreement or the
Ancillary Agreements contains any untrue statement of a material fact or
omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
herein or therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading.   2.7. Reliance on Exemptions. Buyer understands that
the Shares are being offered and sold to it in reliance upon specific
exemptions from the registration requirements of the United States federal
and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and
accuracy of, and Buyer\'s compliance with, the representations, warranties,
agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of Buyer set forth herein to
determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of Buyer to
acquire the Shares.   2.8. Experience; Acquisition of Shares for Investment.
Buyer is experienced in evaluating companies such as the Company, and has
such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters to enable
Buyer to evaluate the merits and risks of Buyer\'s prospective investment in
the Company, and has the ability to bear the economic risks of the investment
in the Shares. Buyer is an "accredited investor" within the meaning of
Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act and has been afforded the
opportunity to ask questions and receive answers regarding the Company and
has reviewed the data and information it requested from Company in connection
with this Agreement. Buyer is acquiring the Shares for investment and not
with a view toward, or for sale in connection with, any distribution thereof,
nor with any present intention of distributing or selling the Shares. Buyer
agrees that the Shares may not be sold, transferred, offered for sale,
pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of (i) without registration under
the Securities Act except pursuant to an exemption from such registration
available under the Securities Act and (ii) except in accordance with any
applicable provisions of state securities laws.   2.9. No Public Offering.
Buyer has not received any information relating to the Shares or the Company,
and is not purchasing the Shares as a result of, any form of general
solicitation or general advertising, including, but not limited to, any
advertisement, article, notice or other communication published in any
newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or
pursuant to any seminar or meeting whose attendees were invited by any
general solicitation or general advertising.   2.10. Certain Payments. Buyer
has not directly or indirectly, in violation of applicable Law, made any
contribution, gift, bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or
other payment to any Person, private or public, regardless of form, whether
in money, property, or services (a) to obtain favorable treatment in securing
business; (b) to pay for favorable treatment for business secured; or (c) to
obtain special concessions or for special concessions already obtained, for
or in respect of Buyer.    4    2.11. Absence of Litigation. There is no
Action or Proceeding before or by any court, public board, government agency,
self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the Buyer\'s knowledge,
threatened against or affecting the Buyer, any of its officers or directors
acting as such, that could, individually or in the aggregate, have a material
adverse effect on the assets, liabilities, financial condition or results of
operation of the Buyer, taken as a whole, or any effect on the ability of the
Buyer to perform its obligations pursuant to the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement or under the agreements or instruments to be entered into or
filed in connection herewith.   ARTICLE III  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
OF THE COMPANY AND CERTAIN OTHER PERSONS   Subject to such matters as are
disclosed in the Company\'s SEC Documents, the Company and the LLC (with
respect to matters relating to the LLC only) represent and warrant to the
Buyer that:   3.1. Organization and Qualification. The Company is
duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
the State of Delaware, with full corporate power and authority to own, lease,
use and operate its properties and to carry on its business as and where now
owned, leased, used, operated and conducted. The Company and its sole
subsidiary, the LLC, are duly qualified to do business and are in good
standing in every jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted
by them makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so
qualified or in good standing in each such jurisdiction would not have a
Material Adverse Effect. The LLC is duly organized, validly existing and in
good standing under the laws of the State of Texas, with full corporate power
and authority to own, lease, use and operate its properties and to carry on
its business as and where now owned, leased, used, operated and
conducted.   3.2. Authorization; Enforcement. (a) (i) The Company has
all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to perform
its obligations under this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements, to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and to deliver
the Shares in accordance with the terms hereof; (ii) the execution, delivery
and performance of each of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements by the
Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby, including without limitation the issuance and sale of the
Company Shares, have been duly authorized by the Company\'s Board of
Directors and no further consent or authorization of the Company, its Board
or Directors or its shareholders is required; (iii) each of this Agreement
and the Ancillary Agreements have been or will be duly executed by the
Company; and (iv) each of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements
constitutes or will upon execution constitute a legal, valid and binding
obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with
its terms, subject to the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, or moratorium or similar laws affecting the rights of
creditors generally and the application of general principles of equity.
(b) (i) The LLC has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into
and to perform its obligations under this Agreement and the Ancillary
Agreements; (ii) the execution, delivery and performance of each of this
Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements by the LLC have been duly authorized
by the Company\'s Manager and no further consent or authorization of the LLC,
its Manager or its members is required; (iii) each of this Agreement and the
Ancillary Agreements have been or will be duly executed by the LLC; and (iv)
each of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements constitutes or will upon
execution constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of the LLC
enforceable against the LLC in accordance with its terms, subject to the
effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or
moratorium or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and
the application of general principles of equity.    5    3.3.
Capitalization. The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (i)
100,000,000 shares of the Common Stock, of which 15,100,757 shares are issued
and outstanding; and (ii) 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value
$.001 per share, 650,000 of which have been designated as Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock, of which 222,222 shares are issued and
outstanding (convertible into 444,444 shares of Common Stock). Except as set
forth on Schedule 3.3, the Company has not issued any capital stock since May
5, 2004. All of such outstanding shares of Common Stock are duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. The Company Shares have been
duly authorized, and when delivered and paid for in accordance with the terms
of this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free
from all taxes, liens, claims, encumbrances and charges with respect to the
delivery thereof (other than those imposed through acts or omissions of
Buyer). No shares of capital stock of the Company, including the Shares, are
subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights of the shareholders
of the Company or any liens or encumbrances imposed through the actions or
failure to act of the Company. Other than pursuant to this Agreement and as
described on Schedule 3.3 hereto, there are no outstanding options, warrants,
scrip, rights to subscribe for, puts, calls, rights of first refusal,
agreements, understandings, claims, antidilution protection or other
commitments or rights of any character whatsoever that could require the
Company to issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or adjust
the purchase or exercise price of any such instrument. Except as set forth on
Schedule 3.3, there are no agreements or arrangements, including any set
forth in the SEC Documents, under which the Company is obligated to register
the sale of any of its Shares under the Securities Act. Assuming the accuracy
of each of the representations and warranties of the Buyer contained in
Section 2, the issuance by the Company of the Company Shares is exempt from
registration under the Securities Act. A true, complete and correct listing
of all of the Company\'s wholly- or partially-owned subsidiaries and the
Company\'s ownership interest in each is set forth on Schedule 3.3
hereto.   3.4. No Conflicts; No Violation.   (a) The execution, delivery
and performance of each of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements by the
Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby including, without limitation, the delivery of the Shares
will not (i) conflict with or result in a violation of any provision of the
Articles of Incorporation or By-laws of the Company or (ii) violate or
conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a
default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could become
a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment
(including without limitation, the triggering of any anti-dilution
provision), acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture,
patent, patent license or instrument to which the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, including the LLC, is a party, or (iii) assuming the
accuracy of the representations of the Buyer, result in a violation of any
law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including United States
federal and state securities laws and regulations and regulations of any
self-regulatory organizations to which the Company, any of subsidiaries
including the LLC, or its securities are subject), applicable to the Company
or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its subsidiaries,
including the LLC, is bound or affected, except in the case of clauses (ii)
and (iii) for such conflicts, breaches, defaults, terminations, amendments,
accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not, individually or in
the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. The execution, delivery and
performance of each of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements by the LLC
will not (A) conflict with or result in a violation of any provision of the
Articles of Organization or Operating Agreement of the LLC or (B) violate or
conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a
default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could become
a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment
(including without limitation, the triggering of any anti-dilution
provision), acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture,
patent, patent license or instrument to which the LLC is a party, or (C)
assuming the accuracy of the representations of the Buyer, result in a
violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including
United States federal and state securities laws and regulations
and regulations of any self-regulatory organizations to which the LLC is
subject), applicable to the LLC or by which any property or asset of the LLC
is bound or affected, except in the case of clauses (B) and (C) for such
conflicts, breaches, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations,
cancellations and violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect.    6    (b) The Company is not in
violation of its Articles of Incorporation or By-laws. To the knowledge of
the Company, the Company is not in violation of any law, ordinance or
regulation of any governmental entity. The Company is not in default (and no
event has occurred which with notice or lapse of time or both could put the
Company in default) under any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the
Company or any of its subsidiaries, including the LLC, is a party or by which
any property or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, including
the LLC, is bound or affected, except for such defaults as would
not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. The
LLC is not in violation of its Articles of Organization or Operating
Agreement. To the knowledge of the LLC, the LLC is not in violation of any
law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity. The LLC is not in
default (and no event has occurred which with notice or lapse of time or both
could put the LLC in default) under any agreement, indenture or instrument to
which the LLC is a party or by which any property or assets of the LLC is
bound or affected, except for such defaults as would not, individually or in
the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.   3.5. Approvals. Assuming
the accuracy of the representations of the Buyer, except for the filing of a
Form D and as may be required under the Securities Act and any applicable
state securities laws, the Company is not required to obtain any consent,
authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court
or governmental agency or any regulatory or self regulatory agency for it to
execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under this Agreement, in
accordance with the terms hereof, or sell the Shares in accordance with the
terms hereof. All consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations
that the Company is required to obtain pursuant to the preceding sentence
have been obtained or effected on or prior to the Closing Date.   3.6. SEC
Documents; Financial Statements. Since January 1, 2002, the Company has filed
all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be
filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the
Exchange Act (the Company\'s 10-QSB for the quarter ended September 30, 2003
and its 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2003, together with
all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto
and documents incorporated by reference therein are referred to herein as the
"SEC Documents"). As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in
all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules
and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC
Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at the time they were filed with
the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to
make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading, except to the extent that information
contained in any SEC Filings has been revised or superseded by a later-filed
SEC Document filed and publicly available prior to the date hereof. The
financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents have been
prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting
principles ("GAAP"), consistently applied, during the periods involved
(except (i) as may be otherwise indicated in such financial statements or the
notes thereto or (ii) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the
extent they may not include footnotes or may be condensed or summary
statements) and fairly present in all material respects the financial
position of the Company as of the dates thereof and the results of
its operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the
case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments). The
financial statements and notes contained or incorporated by reference in the
SEC Documents fairly present the financial condition and the results of
operations, changes in shareholders\' equity and cash flow of the Company as
at the respective dates of any for the periods referred to in such financial
statements, all in accordance with GAAP and Regulation S-X of the SEC,
subject, in the case of interim financial statements, to year-end adjustments
and the omission of notes to the extent permitted by Regulation S-X of the
SEC.   3.7. Absence of Certain Changes. Except as disclosed in the
SEC Documents and Schedule 3.7, since December 31, 2003, (i) there has been
no material adverse change in the assets, liabilities, business,
properties, operations, financial condition or results of operations of the
Company and its subsidiaries, including the LLC, taken as a whole; (ii) the
Company has not    7   taken any steps to seek protection pursuant to
any bankruptcy law nor does the Company have any knowledge or reason to
believe that its creditors intend to initiate involuntary bankruptcy
proceedings or any actual knowledge of any fact which would reasonably lead a
creditor to do so; and (iii) there has not been:   (a) any declaration,
accrual, set aside or payment of any dividend or any other distribution in
respect of any shares of capital stock of the Company, or any repurchase,
redemption or any other acquisition by the Company of any shares of capital
stock or other securities;   (b) any amendment to any governing document of
the Company or the LLC or any merger, consolidation, share exchange, business
combination, recapitalization, reclassification of shares, stock split,
reverse stock split or similar transaction involving the Company or LLC;  
(c) any creation of any subsidiary of the Company or acquisition by the
Company of any equity or other interest in any other Person;   (d) except as
contemplated in that certain Participation Letter Agreement dated as of April
7, 2004, between Buyer and the LLC (the "Participation Letter Agreement") any
capital expenditure by the Company or the LLC which exceeds $100,000 in the
aggregate;   (e) any sale of a LLC Oil and Gas Property;   (f) except in
the ordinary course of business, any action by the Company to (i) enter into,
or suffer any of the assets owned or used by it to become bound by, any
Company Material Contract (hereinafter defined), of (ii) amend or terminate,
or waive any material right or remedy under, any Company Material Contract;
or   (g) except as contemplated in the Participation Letter Agreement, any
(i) acquisition, lease or license by the Company of any material right
or other material asset from any Person; (ii) sale or other disposition or
lease or license by the Company of any material right or other material asset
to any Person or (iii) waiver or relinquishment by the Company of any right,
except for rights or other assets acquired, leased, licensed or disposed of
in the ordinary course of business.   The parties acknowledge that the
Company has declared a 1 for 2 reverse stock split of its outstanding shares
of capital stock effective as of May 21, 2004.   3.8. No Undisclosed
Events, Liabilities, Developments or Circumstances. No event, liability,
development or circumstance has occurred or exists that would be required to
be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws on a
registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC relating to an issuance
and sale by the Company of its Common Stock and which has not been publicly
announced or disclosed in an SEC Document.   3.9. Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The
Company is in compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and any
and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC thereunder
that are effective as of the date hereof, except where such noncompliance
would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect.   3.10. Absence of Litigation. Except as disclosed in the
SEC Documents, there is no Action or Proceeding before or by any court,
public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the
Company, any of its officers or directors acting as such, or any of its
subsidiaries, including the LLC, that could, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.    8    3.11. Intellectual
Property Rights. The Company and its subsidiaries, including the LLC, own or
possess the licenses or rights to use all patents, patent applications,
patent rights, inventions, know-how, trade secrets, trademarks, trademark
applications, service marks, service names, trade names and copyrights
necessary to enable it to conduct its business as now operated (the
"Intellectual Property"), except where the failure to possess such licenses
or rights to use would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect. None of the Company\'s or its subsidiaries\'
Intellectual Property have expired or terminated, or are expected to expire
or terminate, within three years from the date of this Agreement. The Company
does not have any knowledge of any infringement by the Company or any of its
subsidiaries of Intellectual Property of others. There is no Action or
Proceeding being made or brought, or to the knowledge of the Company, being
threatened against the Company or any of its subsidiaries regarding the
Company\'s or its subsidiaries\' Intellectual Property. The Company is
unaware of any facts or circumstances which might reasonably give rise to any
of the foregoing infringements or Actions or Proceedings. The Company and its
subsidiaries, including the LLC, have taken reasonable security measures to
protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of its intellectual
properties.   3.12. Tax Status. The Company represents that as of the date
hereof and as of the Closing Date (i) all Tax returns, statements, reports
and forms (including estimated tax or information returns and
reports)(collectively, the "Returns") required to be filed with any Taxing
Authority with respect to any Pre-Closing Tax Period by or on behalf of the
Company or any subsidiary, including the LLC (except for those Returns
relating to the Company\'s taxable years ended October 31, 2001, 2002 and
2003 (the "Unfiled Returns")), have, to the extent required to be filed on or
before the date hereof, been filed when due in accordance with all applicable
laws; unless and only to the extent that the Company or a subsidiary,
including the LLC, has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate
for the payment of all unpaid and unreported taxes; (ii) as of the time of
filing, the Returns correctly reflected the facts regarding the income,
business assets, operations, activities and status of the Company, its
subsidiaries, including the LLC, and any other information required to be
shown therein; (iii) all Taxes shown as due and payable on the Returns that
have been filed have been timely paid, or withheld and remitted to
the appropriate Taxing Authority and no Taxes should have been shown as due
and payable on the Unfiled Returns; (iv) the charges, accruals and reserves
for taxes with respect to the Company and its subsidiaries, including the
LLC, for any Pre-Closing Tax Period (including any Pre-Closing Tax Period for
which no Return has yet been filed) reflected on the books of the Company and
its subsidiaries (excluding any provision for deferred income taxes) are
adequate to cover such Taxes; (v) all Returns filed with respect to Tax years
of the Company and its subsidiaries, including the LLC, through the Tax year
ended October 31, 2003, have been examined and closed or are Returns with
respect to which the applicable period for assessment under applicable law,
after giving effect to extensions or waivers, has expired; (vi) neither the
Company nor any subsidiary, including the LLC, is delinquent in the payment
of any Tax or has requested any extension of time within which to file any
Return and has not yet filed such Return; (vii) neither the Company nor any
subsidiary, including the LLC, (or any member of any affiliated,
consolidated, combined or unitary group of which the Company or any
subsidiary is or has been a member) has granted any extension or waiver of
the statute of limitations period applicable to any Return, which period
(after giving effect to such extension or waiver) has not yet expired; (viii)
there is no claim, audit, Action or Proceeding now pending or
threatened against or with respect to the Company or any subsidiary,
including the LLC, in respect of any Tax; there are no requests for rulings
or determinations in respect of any Tax pending between the Company or any
subsidiary, including the LLC, and any Taxing Authority; (ix) neither the
Company nor any subsidiary, including the LLC, owns any interest in real
property in any jurisdiction in which a Tax is imposed on the transfer of a
controlling interest in an entity that owns any interest in real property;
(x) there are no liens for Taxes upon the assets of the Company or any
subsidiary, including the LLC, except liens for current Taxes not yet due;
(xi) Company is not subject to withholding under Section 1445 of the Code
with respect to any transaction contemplated hereby; (xii) neither the
Company nor any subsidiary, including the LLC, will be required to include
any adjustment in taxable income for any Post-Closing Tax Period under
Section 481(c) of the Code (or any similar provision of the Tax laws of any
jurisdiction) as a result of a change in method of accounting for a Pre-
Closing Tax Period or pursuant to the provisions of any agreement
entered into with any Taxing Authority with regard to the Tax liability of
the company or any subsidiary for any Pre-Closing Tax Period; (xiii) neither
the Company nor    9   any subsidiary, including the LLC, has been a
member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined or unitary group other than
one of which Company was the common parent or participated in any other
arrangement whereby any income, revenues, receipts, gain, loss or Tax asset
of the Company or any subsidiary, including the LLC, was determined or taken
into account for Tax purposes with reference to or in conjunction with any
income, revenues, receipts, gain, loss, asset, liability or Tax asset of any
other person; (xx) neither the Company nor any subsidiary, including the LLC,
is currently under any contractual obligation to pay any amounts of the type
described in clause (ii) or (iii) of the definition of "Tax"; and (xxi)
Schedule 3.12 contains a list of all jurisdictions (whether foreign or
domestic) to which any Tax is property payable by the Company or any
subsidiary, including the LLC.   3.13. Assets; Contracts and Agreements;
Vendors and Customers.   (a) Schedule 3.13(a) sets forth all of the assets
of the Company, other than Company Material Contracts (defined in subsection
(b) hereof).   (b) Schedule 3.13(b) sets forth all material contracts,
including oil, gas and mineral leases (the "Leases") and assignments, to
which the Company or the LLC is a party (each, a "Company Material
Contract"), including, but not limited to, contracts (i) relating to
indebtedness for borrowed money in an amount exceeding $1 million, (ii) that
is a "material contract" (as such term is defined in Item 601(b)(10) of
Regulation S-K of the SEC), (iii) that obligates the Company or the LLC to
make any payments or issue or pay anything of value to any director, officer,
key employee or consultant, (iv) that limit or purport to limit the ability
of the Company or the LLC to compete in the United States oil and gas
exploration, production and marketing business with any Person in
any geographic area or during any period of time, (v) that includes any
material indemnification, contribution or guarantee obligations, (vi) that
relate to capital expenditures involving total payments of more than
$500,000, (vii) requiring annual or remaining payments in excess of $100,000
after the date hereof, (viii) that is a seismic license agreement, (ix) that
is a fixed price commodity sales agreement with a remaining term of more than
60 days or (x) that obligates the Company or the LLC to provide funds to, or
make any investment (in the form of a loan, capital contribution or
otherwise) in, any other Person. Each such Company Material Contract (x) is
valid and binding on the parties thereto and is in full force and effect and
(y) upon consummation of the contemplated transactions as set forth in this
Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.   (b) The Company is not
in default in any material respect under any Company Material Contract to
which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties or assets is
bound.   (c) Schedule 3.13(c) sets forth all key vendors and customers of
the Company and the LLC.   3.14. LLC Oil and Gas Properties.   (a) The
Company has furnished Buyer with a copy of the Company Reserve Reports. The
factual, non-interpretive data on which the Company Reserve Reports were
based for purposes of estimating the oil and gas reserves set forth in the
Company Reserve Reports and in any supplements thereto or update
thereof furnished to Buyer was accurate.   (b) The LLC has Defensible Title
in and to the oil and gas properties forming the basis for the proved
reserves reflected in the Company Reserve Reports (the "LLC Oil and Gas
Properties"), free and clear of any Encumbrances, except Permitted
Encumbrances (as defined in (d) below).    10    (c) As used herein, the
term "Defensible Title" means such interest in production from the LLC Oil
and Gas Properties in the Company Reserve Reports that entitles the holder
thereof to receive not materially less than the interest set forth in the
Company Reserve Reports with respect to such property under the caption
"Revenue Interest" or "NRI" without reduction during the life of such
property except as stated in such reserve report; and obligates the holder
thereof to pay costs and expenses relating to each such property in
a proportion not materially greater than the interest set forth under the
caption "Working Interest" or "WI" in the Company Reserve Reports with
respect to such property, without increase over the life of such property
except as shown on the Company Reserve Reports.   (d) As used herein, the
term "Permitted Encumbrances" shall mean:   (i) lessors\' royalties,
overriding royalties, division orders, reversionary interests and net profits
and similar burdens which do not operate to reduce the net revenue interests
in any property below those set forth in the Company Reserve Reports;  
(ii) the terms and conditions of the Leases related to the LLC Oil and Gas
Properties and all agreements, orders, instruments and declarations to which
the Leases are subject and that are customary and acceptable in the oil and
gas industry in the area of the particular property;   (iii) liens arising
under operating agreements, pooling, unitization or communitization
agreements, and similar agreements of a type and nature customary in the oil
and gas industry and securing payment of amounts not yet delinquent;   (iv)
liens securing payments to mechanics and materialmen, and liens securing
payment of taxes or assessments, which liens are not yet delinquent or, if
delinquent, are being contested in good faith in the ordinary course of
business;   (v) conventional rights of reassignment obligating the
Company to reassign its interests in a portion of the LLC Oil and Gas
Properties to a third party in the event the Company intends to release or
abandon such interest;   (vi) calls on or preferential rights to purchase
production at not less than prevailing prices;   (vii) covenants,
conditions, and other terms to which the LLC Oil and Gas Properties are
subject that are not such as to materially interfere with the operation,
value, use and enjoyment of the LLC Oil and Gas Properties;   (viii) rights
reserved to or vested in any Governmental or Regulatory Authority to control
or regulate any of the LLC Oil and Gas Properties in any manner, and all
applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders of any such Governmental or
Regulatory Authority; and   (ix) easements, rights-of-way, servitudes,
permits, surface leases, and other surface uses on, over or in respect of any
of the LLC Oil and Gas Properties that would not materially interfere with
the operation of the LLC Oil and Gas Properties.   (e) The Leases are in
good standing, valid and effective and all royalties, rentals and other
payments due by the LLC to any lessor of any such leases have been properly
paid. All major items of operating equipment of the Company and the LLC are
in good operating condition and in a state of reasonable maintenance and
repair, ordinary wear and tear excepted.    11    (f) Schedule 3.14 sets
forth the Company\'s material future, hedge, swap, collar, put, call, floor,
cap, option and other contracts intended to benefit from, relate to or reduce
or eliminate the risk of fluctuations in the price of hydrocarbons as of the
date hereof.   (g) Except for gas balancing agreements containing
customary provisions, the LLC is not obligated under, by virtue of a
prepayment arrangement, a "take or pay" arrangement, a production payment or
any other arrangement, to deliver hydrocarbons produced from the LLC Oil and
Gas Properties at some future time without then or thereafter receiving full
payment therefor. Schedule 3.14 sets forth the net amount that the LLC Oil
and Gas Properties are, in the aggregate, either "over-produced" or "under-
produced."   (h) Other than as expressly set forth in this Section 3.14,
the Company makes no representation or warranty, and hereby disclaims
any representation or warranty, that the reserve estimates, cost and cash
flow estimates, oil and gas commodity price estimates, other price estimates
or production or flow rate estimates contained in the Company Reserve
Reports, or in any supplement thereto or update thereof, are complete,
accurate or not misleading, such estimates being predicted as to future
events which are inherently subject to incompleteness, inaccuracy and
uncertainty.   3.15. Environmental Matters. The Company and the LLC are
in substantial compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws, and neither
the Company nor the LLC has received any order, notice, or other
communication regarding a current, unresolved violation of any applicable
Environmental Law from (a) any Governmental or Regulatory Authority, or (b)
the current or prior owner or operator of any Site. No Site is a current or
proposed Environmental clean-up Site, and there are no liens, restrictions,
assessments or easement or any other encumbrance under or pursuant to any
Environmental Law on any Site. To the Company\'s knowledge, there is no (i)
underground storage tank, active or abandoned; (ii) polychlorinated biphenyl-
containing equipment; (iii) asbestos-containing material; (iv) radon; (v)
lead-based pain; or (vi) urea formaldehyde at any Site. There have been no
environmental investigations, studies, audits, tests, review or other
analyses conducted by the Company with respect to any Site which have not
been delivered to Buyer prior to execution of this Agreement. None of
Company, LLC, any predecessor of Company or LLC, or any entity previously
owned by Company or LLC is subject to any Environmental Liabilities.   For
purposes of this Section 3.15, "Environmental Liabilities" means any cost,
damages, expense, liability, obligation, or other responsibility arising from
or under Environmental Law and consisting of or relating to:   (a) any
environmental conditions or pollution (including on-site or off-site
contamination and regulation of chemical substances or products);   (b)
fines, penalties, judgments, awards, settlements, legal or administrative
Proceedings, damages, losses, claims, demands and response, investigative,
remedial, or inspection costs and expenses arising under Environmental Law;
or   (c) any other compliance, corrective, investigative, or remedial
measures required under Environmental Law.   The terms "removal,"
"remedial," and "response action," include the types of activities covered by
the United States Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and
Liability Act, 42 U.S.C. ss. 9601 et seq., as amended.   3.16. ERISA
Compliance. The Company has no Benefit Plan, Plan or Multiemployer
Plan.    12    For purposes of this Section 3.16, the following defined
terms shall apply:   "Benefit Plan" means any "employee benefit plans" (as
defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA), bonus, pension, profit sharing, deferred
compensation, incentive compensation, excess benefit, stock, stock option,
severance, termination pay, change in control or other material employee
benefit plans, programs, arrangements or agreements currently maintained, or
contributed to, or required to be maintained or contributed to, by the
Company or any Person that, together with the Company, is treated as a single
employer under Section 414 of the Code for the benefit of any current or
former employees, officers, directors or independent contractors of the
Company and with respect to which the Company has any liability.  
"Controlled Group" means all members of a controlled group of corporations or
other business entities and all trades or businesses (whether or
not incorporated) under common control which, together with the Company, are
treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code.  
"Multiemployer Plan" means a Plan maintained pursuant to a
collective bargaining agreement or any other arrangement to which the Company
or any member of the Controlled Group is a party to which more than one
employer is obligated to make contributions.   "Plan" means an employee
pension benefit plan which is covered by Title IV of ERISA or subject to the
minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code as to which the
Company or any member of the Controlled Group may have any liability.  
3.17. Employee and Labor Matters.   (a) There is no labor strike, dispute,
slowdown, work stoppage or lockout actually pending against or affecting the
Company and, during the past 12 months, there has not been any such
action;   (b) the Company is not a party to or bound by any
collective bargaining or similar agreement with any labor organization, or
work rules or practices agreed to with any labor organization or employee
association applicable to employees of the Company;   (c) none of the
employees of the Company are represented by any labor organization and the
Company has no knowledge of any current union organizing activities among the
employees of the Company;   (d) there is no unfair labor practice charge or
complaint against the Company pending before the National Labor Relations
Board;   (e) there is no grievance or arbitration proceeding arising out
of any collective bargaining agreement or other grievance procedure relating
to the Company pending before the National Labor Relations Board;   (f)
there are no pending citations, relating to the Company before the
Occupational Safety and Health Administration;   (g) there are no pending
claims by any current or former employee of the Company or any employment-
related claims or investigations by any Governmental or Regulatory Authority,
including any charges to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or state
employment practice agency, investigations regarding compliance with federal,
state or local wage and hour laws, audits by the Office of Federal Contractor
Compliance Programs, complaints of sexual harassment or any other form of
unlawful harassment, discrimination, or retaliation; and    13    (h)
in the last 12 months, the Company has not effectuated (i) a "plant closing"
(as defined in the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act of 1988
("WARN Act")) affecting any site of employment or one or more facilities or
operating units within any site of employment or facility of the Company, or
(ii) a "mass layoff" (as defined in the WARN Act) affecting any site of
employment or facility of the Company, nor has the Company been affected
by any transaction or engaged in layoffs or employment terminations
sufficient in number to trigger application of any similar state or local
law.   3.18. Certain Payments. The Company has not directly or
indirectly, in violation of applicable Law, made any contribution, gift,
bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other payment to any
Person, private or public, regardless of form, whether in money, property, or
services (a) to obtain favorable treatment in securing business; (b) to pay
for favorable treatment for business secured; or (c) to obtain special
concessions or for special concessions already obtained, for or in respect of
the Company.   3.19. Compliance with Laws; Permits. (a) The Company has
complied with, is not in violation of, and has not received any notices of
violation with respect to, any applicable Law with respect to the conduct of
its business or the ownership or operation of its business; and (b) the
Company has all permits, licenses, easements, variations, exemptions,
consents, certificates, approvals, authorizations and registrations
(collectively, "Permits") with and under all federal, state and local Laws,
and from all Governmental or Regulatory Authorities required by it to carry
on its business as currently conducted.   3.20. No Integrated Offering; Past
Compliance with Securities Laws. Neither the Company, nor any of its
Affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has directly or
indirectly made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers
to buy any security under circumstances within the prior six months that
would require registration under the Securities Act of the delivery of the
Shares to the Buyer. Since May 7, 2003, the Company has conducted all
offerings of shares of its capital stock and consummated all issuances of
shares of its capital stock in compliance with all requirements
the securities Laws, including the Securities Act. To the Company\'s
knowledge after reasonable inquiry, there are no rights of rescission
available to any Person, and no basis for any claim against the Company by
any Person exists, with respect to the Company\'s issuances of shares of its
capital stock.   3.21. No Brokers. The Company has taken no action that
would give rise to any claim by any person for brokerage commissions,
finder\'s fees or similar payments relating to this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby, except as described on Schedule 3.21.  
3.22. Insurance. Neither the Company nor the LLC maintains insurance of any
type.   3.23. No General Solicitation. Since May 7, 2003, neither
the Company nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any person acting for the
Company, has conducted any "general solicitation" (as such term is defined in
Regulation D) with respect to any of the Common Stock being offered
hereby.   3.24. No Agreement for Sale Proceeds. The Company has not
entered into any agreement, arrangement or commitment whereby the Company
would be obligated to apply the proceeds from the Closing to redeem any
outstanding shares of its capital stock or pay any dividend or distribution
with respect of any of Company\'s shares of capital stock.   3.25.
Application of Takeover Protections; Rights Agreement. The transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including without limitation the sale and
delivery of the Shares, will not trigger any control share
acquisition, business combination, or other similar anti-takeover provision
under the Articles of Incorporation or the laws of the state of the
Company\'s incorporation. The Company does not have a "poison pill" or
stockholder rights plan in effect.    14    3.26. Investment Company
Status. The Company is not and upon consummation of the sale of the Shares
will not be an "investment company," a company controlled by an "investment
company" or an "affiliated person" of, or "promoter" or "principal
underwriter" for, an "investment company" as such terms are defined in the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.   3.27. Disclosure. No
representation or warranty made by Company and/or the LLC that is contained
in this Agreement, and no statement contained in any schedule to this
Agreement furnished to Buyer pursuant to any provision of this Agreement or
in any of the closing documents delivered by Company pursuant to this
Agreement contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state
a material fact necessary in order to make the statements herein or therein,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading..   3.28. Subsequent Wells. With respect to all wells
located on the property covered under the Welder Property Lease and under the
options to lease additional acreage from the Welder family that are drilled
subsequent to the "Initial Well" described in the Participation Letter
Agreement, VOG may not, without the prior approval and consent of the LLC,
take any action or enter into any agreements or understandings which would
reduce below 85% the Company\'s working interest in all such wells.  
ARTICLE IV  COVENANTS   4.1. Best Efforts. Each party shall use its best
efforts to satisfy in a timely fashion each of the conditions to be satisfied
by it under Articles VI and VII of this Agreement.   4.2. Form D; Blue Sky
Laws. The Company shall file a Notice of Sale of Shares on Form D with
respect to the Shares, if required under Regulation D. The Company shall take
such action as it reasonably determines to be necessary, if any, to qualify
the Shares for sale to the Buyer under this Agreement under applicable
securities (or "blue sky") laws of the states of the United States (or to
obtain an exemption from such qualification).   4.3. Reporting Status. The
Common Stock is registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. Prior to May
15, 2006, the Company shall not terminate its status as an issuer required to
file reports under the Exchange Act even if the Exchange Act or the rules and
regulations thereunder would permit such termination.   4.4. Expenses.
Except as set forth in Section 4.5, the Company, the LLC and Buyer are liable
for, and shall pay, their own expenses incurred in connection with the
negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
other agreements to be executed in connection herewith, including, without
limitation, attorneys\' and consultants\' fees and expenses.   4.5. Taxes.
All Returns not required to be filed on or before the date hereof (i) will be
filed when due in accordance with all applicable laws and (ii) as of the time
of filing will correctly reflect the facts regarding the income, business,
assets, operations, activities and status of the company, its subsidiaries
and any other information required to be shown therein. Neither the Company
nor any subsidiary shall reserve any amount for or make any payment of Taxes
to any person or any Taxing Authority, except for such Taxes as are due
or payable or have been properly estimated in accordance with applicable law
as applied in a manner consistent with past practices. All transfer,
documentary, sales, use, stamp, registration, value added and other such
Taxes and fees (including any penalties and interest) incurred in connection
with this Agreement (including any real property transfer tax and any similar
Tax) shall be paid by Company when due, and Company will, at its own expense,
file all necessary Tax returns and other documentation with respect to all
such Taxes and fees, and, if required by applicable law, Buyer will, and will
cause its Affiliates to, join in the execution of any such tax returns and
other documentation. All Unfiled Returns will be filed no later than three
(3) weeks following the Closing Date.    15    4.6. No Integration. The
Company will not make any offers or sales of any security (other than the
Company Shares) under circumstances that would cause the offering of the
Company Shares to be integrated with any other offering of securities by the
Company (i) for the purpose of any shareholder approval provision applicable
to the Company or its securities or (ii) for purposes of any registration
requirement under the Securities Act.   4.7. Sales by Buyer. Buyer will sell
any Shares in compliance with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if
any, or otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an exemption from
registration under the Securities Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. Buyer shall not make any sale, transfer or other
disposition of the Shares in violation of federal or state securities
laws.   4.8. Certain Key Employees. The Company shall retain certain
key employees, namely Alan Gaines, Amiel David and Richard Cohen, to continue
to be involved in the management of the Company\'s affairs for a period of at
least one (1) year from the Closing Date pursuant to employment agreements
and noncompetition and nonsolicitation agreements to be executed and
delivered on the Closing Date in substantially the form attached hereto as
Exhibit C.   4.9. Due Diligence. Between the Effective Date and the earlier
of the Closing Date or the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Article
V, upon reasonable notice the Company shall (a) give Buyer and its
officers, employees, accountants, actuaries, counsel, financing sources and
other agents and representatives (collectively, the "Buyer Representatives")
full access during normal business hours to all buildings, offices, Sites and
other facilities and to all books and records of the Company and the LLC,
whether located on the premises of the Company or at another location; (b)
permit Buyer and the Buyer Representatives to make such inspections during
normal business hours as they may require; (c) cause its officers to furnish
Buyer and the Buyer Representatives such financial, operating, technical,
actuarial and cost data and other information with respect to the business,
assets, Sites and Taxes of the Company and the LLC as Buyer and the Buyer
Representatives from time to time may request, including without limitation
financial statements, schedules and work papers; and (d) allow Buyer and the
Buyer Representatives the opportunity to interview during normal business
hours such officers, employees, accountants, actuaries, counsel and other
personnel of the Company and its Affiliates; provided, however, that no
investigation pursuant to this Section 4.9 shall affect or be deemed to
modify any representation or warranty made by any of Company and the LLC.  
4.10. Confidentiality. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees to keep, and
agrees to cause its officers, directors, employees, stockholders, members,
attorneys, investment advisors, agents, representatives, or Affiliates to
keep, the existence of this Agreement (except to the extent
contemplated hereby) and such information or knowledge obtained in any
investigation pursuant to Section 4.9, or pursuant to the negotiation and
execution of this Agreement or the effectuation of the transactions
contemplated hereby, confidential; provided, however, that the foregoing
shall not apply to information or knowledge which (a) a party can demonstrate
was already lawfully in its possession prior to the disclosure thereof by the
other party, (b) is generally known to the public and did not become so known
through any violation of Law, or a confidentiality agreement or other
contractual, legal or fiduciary obligation of confidentiality of the
disclosing party or any other party with respect to such information, (c)
became known to the public through no fault of such party, (d) is later
lawfully acquired by such party without confidentiality restrictions from
other sources not bound by applicable confidentiality restrictions, (e) is
required to be disclosed by order of court or Governmental or Regulatory
Authority with subpoena powers (provided that such party shall have provided
the other party with prior notice of such order and an opportunity to object
or seek a protective order and take any other available action), (f) is
disclosed without obligation of confidentiality in the course of any
Action or Proceeding between any of the parties hereto or (g) is required to
be disclosed under applicable Law in connection with (i) any approvals
required to be obtained from Governmental or Regulatory Authorities; or (ii)
the solicitation of the approval by the shareholders of the Company of
this Agreement, all as determined in good faith by Buyer\'s and the
Company\'s outside counsel.    16    4.11. No Solicitation. Until the
earlier of the Closing Date or the date of termination of this Agreement
pursuant to Article V hereof, the Company will not take, nor will the Company
permit any of the Company\'s officers, directors, employees, stockholders,
members, attorneys, investment advisors, agents, representatives, or
Affiliates (collectively, "Representatives") to (directly or indirectly),
take any of the following actions with any Person other than Buyer and its
designees: (a) solicit, encourage, initiate, entertain, accept receipt of,
review or encourage any proposals or offers from, or participate in or
conduct discussions with or engage in negotiations with, any Person relating
to any offer or proposal, oral, written or otherwise, formal or informal (a
"Competing Proposed Transaction"), with respect to any possible business
combination with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or
Affiliates (whether such subsidiaries are in existence on the date hereof or
are hereafter organized), (b) provide information with respect to the Company
to any Person, other than Buyer, relating to (or which the Company believes
would be used for the purpose of formulating an offer or proposal with
respect to), or otherwise assist, cooperate with, facilitate or encourage any
effort or attempt by any such Person with regard to, any possible business
combination with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or Affiliates
(whether such subsidiaries are in existence on the date hereof or are
hereafter organized), (c) agree to, enter into a Contract with any Person,
other than Buyer, providing for, or approve a business combination with the
Company or any of its subsidiaries or Affiliates (whether such subsidiaries
are in existence on the date hereof or are hereafter organized), (d) make or
authorize any statement, recommendation, solicitation or endorsement in
support of any possible business combination with the Company or any of its
subsidiaries or Affiliates (whether such subsidiary is in existence on the
date hereof or are hereafter organized) other than by Buyer, or (e) authorize
or permit any of the Company\'s Representatives to take any such action. The
Company shall immediately cease and cause to be terminated any such contacts
or negotiations with any Person relating to any such transaction or business
combination. In addition to the foregoing, if the Company receives, prior to
the Closing Date or the termination of this Agreement any offer or proposal
(formal or informal, oral, written or otherwise) relating to, or any inquiry
or contact from any Person with respect to, a Competing Proposed Transaction,
the Company shall immediately notify Buyer thereof and provide Buyer with the
details thereof, including the identity of the Person or Persons making such
offer or proposal, and will keep Buyer fully informed on a current basis of
the status and details of any such offer or proposal and of any modifications
to the terms thereof; provided, however, that this provision shall not in any
way be deemed to limit the obligations of the Company and its Representatives
set forth in the previous sentence.   4.12. Disclosure of Transactions and
Other Material Information. No later than the third business day following
the Effective Date of this Agreement the Company shall issue a press release
describing the terms of the transaction contemplated in this Agreement (the
"Press Release") and shall file a report on Form 8-K describing the terms of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in the form required by the
1934 Act, and attaching the Agreement and any material Ancillary Agreement as
exhibits to such filing (including all attachments, the "8-K Filing").
Neither the Company nor Buyer shall issue any press releases or make any
other public statements (whether or not in response to any inquiry) with
respect to the transactions contemplated hereby; provided, however, that the
Company shall be entitled, without the prior approval of Buyer, to make any
press release or other public disclosure with respect to such transactions
(i) in substantial conformity with the 8-K Filing and contemporaneously
therewith and (ii) as is required by applicable law and regulations (provided
that in the case of clause (i) Foley and Lardner LLP shall be consulted by the
Company in connection with any such press release or other public disclosure
prior to its release).   4.13. Amendment to Consulting Agreement. The
Company shall not have executed any additional amendments or side letters, or
entered into any oral agreements or understandings, relating to the
Consulting Agreement entered into between the Company and Altitude Group, LLC
on the 11th day of February, 2004, as amended on March 23, 2004 and April 1,
2004, which latest amendment stated    17   that at Closing, The
Altitude Group, LLC shall (i) be paid a cash commission equal to 10% of the
gross proceeds received by the Company and (ii) be issued such number of
shares of Common Stock equal to 5% of the shares of the Company\'s Common
Stock issued and outstanding immediately before the Closing, calculated on an
as-converted, fully-diluted basis.   4.14. LLC Obligation to Obtain Certain
Executed Documents. The LLC shall obtain and deliver, or caused to be
delivered, to the Company the assurances and executed documents referred to
in Section 7.11.   4.15. Board Matters. Immediately following the Closing,
all vacancies on the Company\'s Board of Directors shall be filled and
the reconstituted Board shall approve the execution and delivery of the
Employment Agreements referred to in Section 7.5 hereof.   ARTICLE V 
TERMINATION   5.1. Termination. Except as provided in Section 5.2 below,
this Agreement may be terminated and the transaction contemplated by this
Agreement cancelled at any time prior to the Closing Date:   (a) by mutual
written agreement of Buyer and the Company;   (b) by Buyer or the Company
if: (i) the Closing Date has not  occurred before 5:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) on
May 18, 2004 (provided,  however, that the right to terminate this Agreement
under this Section  5.2(b)(i) shall not be available to any party whose
willful failure to  fulfill any obligation hereunder has been the cause of,
or resulted in,  the failure of the Closing Date to occur on or before such
date); (ii)  there shall be a final nonappealable order of a federal or state
court in  effect preventing consummation of the transaction; (iii) there
shall be  any statute, rule, regulation or order enacted, promulgated or
issued or  deemed applicable to the transaction by any Governmental or
Regulatory  Authority that would make consummation of the transaction
illegal; or (iv)  any of the approvals required to be obtained from any
Governmental or  Regulatory Authority to permit the consummation of the
transaction shall  be denied, and any applicable periods to appeal such
decision shall have  expired (provided, however, that the right to terminate
this Agreement  under this Section 5.2(b)(iv) shall not be available to any
party whose  willful failure to fulfill any obligation hereunder has been the
cause of,  or resulted in, the failure to obtain such approval).   (c) by
Buyer if there shall be any action taken, or any Law or  Order enacted,
promulgated or issued or deemed applicable to the  transaction, by any
Governmental or Regulatory Authority, which would  prohibit Buyer\'s
ownership or operation of all or any portion of the  business of the
Company.   (d) by Buyer if (i) any representation or warranty of the 
Company or LLC is not true and correct in any material respect either on  the
date of this Agreement or at the Closing, and, if such breach of a 
representation or warranty is capable of being cured, such breach shall  not
have been fully cured within 15 days following delivery by Buyer to  the
Company of written notice of such breach, or (ii) the Company or the  LLC
shall not have complied in full with any covenant or agreement  contained in
this Agreement, and, if such failure to comply is capable of  being cured,
such non-compliance shall not have been fully cured within 15  days following
delivery by Buyer to the Company of written notice of such  non-compliance,
or (iii) any Company makes a general assignment for the  benefit of
creditors, or any proceeding shall be instituted by or against  any Company
seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking  liquidation,
winding up or reorganization, arrangement, adjustment,  protection, relief or
composition of any indebtedness under any applicable  Laws; or    18   
(e) by the Company if (i) any representation or warranty of  Buyer is not
true and correct in any material respect either on the date  of this
Agreement or at the Closing, and, if such breach of a  representation or
warranty is capable of being cured, such breach shall  not have been fully
cured within 15 days following delivery by the Company  to Buyer of written
notice of such breach, or (ii) Buyer shall not have  complied in full with
any covenant or agreement contained in this  Agreement, and, if such failure
to comply is capable of being cured, such  non-compliance shall not have been
fully cured within 15 days following  delivery by the Company to Buyer of
written notice of such non-compliance,  or (iii) Buyer makes a general
assignment for the benefit of creditors, or  any proceeding shall be
instituted by or against Buyer seeking to  adjudicate it a bankrupt or
insolvent, or seeking liquidation, winding up  or reorganization,
arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief or  composition of any
indebtedness under any applicable Laws.   5.2. Effect of Termination. In the
event of a valid termination of this Agreement as provided in Section 5.1,
(i) this Agreement shall forthwith become void and there shall be no
liability or obligation on the part of the LLC, Buyer, or the Company, or
their respective officers, directors, managers, members, shareholders or
Affiliates; provided, however, that each party shall remain liable for any
breaches of this Agreement prior to its termination; and provided further
that, the provisions of Sections 4.10, 4.11, 4.12, Section 5.2 and Articles
IX and X, and the applicable definitions set forth in Article VIII, of this
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and survive any termination
of this Agreement.   ARTICLE VI  CONDITIONS TO THE COMPANY\'S OBLIGATION TO
SELL   The obligations of the Company under Article I of this Agreement
are subject to the fulfillment at or before the Closing of each of the
following conditions. These conditions are for the benefit of the Company and
may be waived by the Company in whole or in part at any time in its sole
discretion:   6.1. The Buyer shall have executed this Agreement and the
Ancillary Agreements and shall have delivered such executed agreements to the
Company.   6.2. The Buyer shall have delivered the purchase price for
the Shares to the Company in accordance with this Agreement.   6.3. The
representations and warranties of the Buyer must be true and correct in all
material respects as of the Closing Date as though made at that time (except
for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which
representations and warranties must be correct as of such date), and the
Buyer shall have performed and complied with the covenants and
conditions required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by the
Buyer at or prior to the Closing.   6.4. No litigation, statute, rule,
regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction will have been
enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental
authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization
having authority over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the
consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   
19    ARTICLE VII  CONDITIONS TO BUYER\'S OBLIGATION TO PURCHASE   The
obligation of Buyer hereunder to purchase the Shares from the Company at the
Closing is subject to the fulfillment at or before the Closing of each of the
following conditions. These conditions are for Buyer\'s benefit and may be
waived by Buyer at any time in its sole discretion:   7.1. The Company shall
have executed this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements and shall have
delivered such executed agreements to Buyer.   7.2. The representations and
warranties of the Company and the LLC must be true and correct in all
material respects as of the Closing as though made at that time (except for
representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which
representations and warranties must be true and correct as of such date), and
the Company and the LLC must have performed and complied with the covenants,
obligations and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed or
complied with by the Company and the LLC (as the case may be) at or prior to
the Closing.   7.3. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive
order, decree, ruling or injunction will have been enacted, entered,
promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of
competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority
over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   7.4. Buyer shall have
received an opinion of counsel to the Company and to the LLC, dated as of the
Closing Date, in form reasonably satisfactory to the Buyer, addressing the
matters set forth in Exhibit B hereto.   7.5. Buyer shall have received
fully-executed employment agreements in substantially the form attached
hereto as Exhibit C from each of Alan Gaines, Amiel David and Richard
Cohen.   7.6. Any liens or security interests placed on the Sites or
the assets of the Company shall have been released or shall have been
expressly approved by Buyer.   7.7. All consents, reviews and approvals
from Governmental or Regulatory Authorities that are necessary to complete
the transactions contemplated in this Agreement, including but not limited to
Hart-Scott-Rodino Act of 1976 requirements, will have been obtained.   7.8.
Any legally required consents of any lender or financial institution, the
Board of Directors of Buyer and Company and the consent of the shareholders
of Company, shall have been obtained.   7.9. The Company\'s Board of
Directors shall have amended the Company\'s By-laws to (i) increase the
number of directors to seven (7); and (ii) designate new officer positions of
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating
Officer.   7.10. The Company shall have delivered to Buyer (i) a
certificate, executed by the Chairman/CEO of the Company and dated as of the
Effective Date, certifying that the conditions set forth in Sections 7.2 have
been fulfilled; (ii) a certificate attaching (A) copies of the resolutions
approving the transactions contemplated in this Agreement as adopted by the
Company\'s Board of Directors, (B) the Articles of Incorporation and By-laws
as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Date; and (C) a certificate
of good standing of Company issued by the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware as of a date not more than ten (10) days prior to the Closing Date,
certified in the case of (A) and (B) as of the Effective Date by the
Secretary of the Company as being true, correct and complete.    20   
7.11. The LLC shall have delivered to Buyer (i) a certificate, executed by
the Manager of the LLC and dated as of the Effective Date, certifying that
the conditions set forth in Sections 7.2 as relate to the LLC have been
fulfilled; (ii) a certificate attaching (A) copies of the resolutions of the
LLC\'s Manager approving the LLC\'s joinder to this Agreement, (B)
the Articles of Organization and Operating Agreement as in effect immediately
prior to the Effective Date; and (C) a certificate of good standing of the
LLC issued by the Secretary of State of the State of Texas as of a date not
more than ten (10) days prior to the Closing Date, certified in the case of
(A) and (B) as of the Effective Date by the Manager of the LLC as being true,
correct and complete.   7.12. The Company shall have issued an additional
58,333 shares of Common Stock of the Company to VOG, pursuant to that certain
letter agreement dated the 25th day of March, 2004 entered into by and among
the Company, VOG, and the LLC.   7.13. Chris Lautenslager shall have
submitted to the Company a written notice of resignation effective as of the
Closing Date pursuant to Section 3.03 of the Company\'s By-laws.   7.14.
Buyer shall have received an opinion of oil and gas counsel to the Company,
dated as of the Closing Date, in form reasonably satisfactory to the Buyer,
addressing the matters set forth in Exhibit D hereto.   7.15. Buyer shall
have received from Company\'s transfer agent a certification of all of the
outstanding shares of the Company\'s capital stock as of the Closing
Date.   ARTICLE VIII  DEFINITIONS   8.1. "Action or Proceeding" means any
action, suit, complaint, petition, investigation, proceeding, arbitration,
litigation, audit or other proceeding, whether civil, criminal or
administrative, in law or in equity, or commenced by or before any arbitrator
or Governmental or Regulatory Authority.   8.2. "Affiliate" means, as
applied to any Person, (a) any other Person directly or indirectly
controlling, controlled by or under common control with, that Person, (b) any
other Person that owns or controls (i) ten percent (10%) or more of any class
of equity securities of that Person or any of its Affiliates or (ii) ten
percent (10%) or more of any class of equity securities (including any equity
securities issuable upon the exercise of any option or convertible security)
of that Person or any of its Affiliates, or (c) as to a corporation, each
director and officer thereof, and as to a partnership, each general partner
thereof, and as to a limited liability company, each managing member or
similarly authorized person thereof (including officers), and as to any other
entity, each Person exercising similar authority to those of a director or
officer of a corporation. For the purposes of this definition, "control"
(including with correlative meanings, the terms "controlling", "controlled
by", and "under common control with") as applied to any Person, means the
possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the
direction of the management and policies of that Person, whether
through ownership of voting securities or by contract or otherwise   8.3.
"Ancillary Agreements" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.   8.4.
"Buyer" means Itera Holdings BV, a Netherlands company.   8.5. "Buyer
Indemnified Party" has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2.   8.6. "Buyer
Representative" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.9.    21    8.7.
"Closing" means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Shares under this
Agreement.   8.8. "Closing Date" has the meaning set forth in Section
1.3.   8.9. "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.  
8.10. "Common Stock" has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.   8.11.
"Company" has the meaning set forth in the introduction to this
Agreement.   8.12. "Company Material Contract" has the meaning set forth
in Section 3.13.   8.13. "Company Reserve Reports" means the report of
independent engineers, Hodges Engineering Incorporated, dated November 11,
2003, as updated on March 3, 2004, with respect to estimates of reserve and
future net income for the Sites.   8.14. "Competing Proposed Transaction"
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.11.   8.15. "Contract" means any
legally binding contract, agreement, commitment, understanding, lease,
license, franchise, warranty, guaranty, mortgage, note, bond or other
instrument or consensual obligation (whether written or oral and whether
express or implied).   8.16. "Defensible Title" has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.14(c).   8.17. "Environmental Law" means any federal, state,
local or foreign environmental, health and safety or other Law relating to
Hazardous Materials, including without limitation the CHM, Environmental
Response Compensation and Liability Act, the Clean Air Act, the Federal water
Pollution Control Act, the Solid Waste Disposal Act, the Federal Insecticide,
Fungicide and Rodenticide Act, and the California Safe Drinking Water and
Toxic Enforcement Act.   8.18. "Exchange Act" has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.2.   8.19. "Governmental or Regulatory Authority" means any
court, tribunal, arbitrator, authority, agency, bureau, board, commission,
department, official or other instrumentality of the United States, any state
thereof, any foreign country or any domestic or foreign state, county, city
or other political subdivision, and shall include all self regulatory
organizations, insurance and health care authorities and any stock exchange,
quotation service and the National Association of Securities Dealers.  
8.20. "Hazardous Material" means (a) any chemical, material, substance or
waste including, containing or constituting petroleum or petroleum products,
solvents (including chlorinated solvents), nuclear or radioactive materials,
asbestos in any form that is or could become friable, radon, lead-based pain,
urea formaldehyde foam insulation or polycholorinated biphenyls; (b) any
chemicals, materials, substances or wastes which are now defined as or
included in the definition of "hazardous substances," "hazardous wastes,"
"hazardous materials," "extremely hazardous wastes," "restricted hazardous
wastes," "toxic substances," "toxic pollutants" or words of similar import
under any Environmental Law, (c) any biohazardous or biomedical waste,
as such terms are defined by the Laws of the State of Florida and the
United States, including Sections 381.0098, 381.0098(2)(a) and 395.1011 of
the Florida Statutes or (d) any other chemical, material, substance or waste
which is regulated by any Governmental or Regulatory Authority or which could
constitute a nuisance.   8.21. "Indemnifiable Losses" has the meaning set
forth in Section 9.2(a).    22    8.22. "Indemnified Party" has the
meaning set forth in Section 9.2(d).   8.23. "Indemnifying Party" has the
meaning set forth in Section 9.2(d).   8.24. "Intellectual Property" has
the meaning set forth in Section 3.9.   8.25. "Law" or "Laws" means any
law, statute, order, decree, consent decree, judgment, rule, regulation,
ordinance or other pronouncement having the effect of law whether in the
United States, any foreign country, or any domestic or foreign state, county,
city or other political subdivision or of any Governmental or Regulatory
Authority.   8.26. "Leases" has the meaning set forth in Section
3.13(b).   8.27. "LLC Oil and Gas Properties" has the meaning set forth
in Section 3.14(b).   8.28. "Material Adverse Effect" means (a) a material
adverse effect on the assets, liabilities, financial condition or results of
operation of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole or (b) any
effect on the ability of the Company to perform its obligations pursuant to
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or under the agreements or
instruments to be entered into or filed in connection herewith.   8.29.
"Participation Letter Agreement" has the meaning set forth in Section
3.7(d).   8.30. "Person" means any natural person, corporation,
general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company or
partnership, proprietorship, other business organization, trust, union,
association, or Governmental or Regulatory Authority.   8.31. "Permit" has
the meaning set forth in Section 3.19.   8.32. "Plans" has the meaning set
forth in Section 3.3.   8.33. "Post-Closing Tax Period" means any Tax period
(or portion thereof) ending after the close of business on the Closing
Date.   8.34. "Pre-Closing Tax Period" means any Tax period (or
portion thereof) ending on or before the close of business on the Closing
Date.   8.35. "Regulation D" is defined in the Recitals.   8.36.
"Representative" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.11.   8.37.
"Returns" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.12.   8.38. "Rule 144" and
"Rule 144(k)" mean Rule 144 and Rule 144(k), respectively, as promulgated
under the Securities Act, or any successor rule.   8.39. "SEC" is defined in
Section 3.4(c).   8.40. "SEC Documents" has the meaning set forth in Section
3.6.   8.41. "Securities Act" is defined in the Recitals.   8.42. "Seller
Indemnified Party" has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2.    23   
8.43. "Shares" has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.   8.44. "Short
Sales" means all types of direct and indirect stock pledges, forward sale
contracts, options, puts, calls, short sales, swaps (including on a total
return basis), and sales and any other transactions having the effect of
hedging any position in the Common Stock.   8.45. "Site" means any of the
real properties (including all soil, subsoil, surface waters and groundwater)
owned, leased, occupied, used or operated by the Company or the LLC under the
Welder Property Lease.   8.46. "Tax" means (i) any tax imposed under
Subtitle A of the Code and any net income, alternative or add-on minimum tax,
gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, value added, transfer,
franchise, profits, license, withholding on amounts paid to or by the Company
or any subsidiary, payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, capital
stock, occupation, property, environmental or windfall profits tax, premium,
custom, duty or other tax, governmental fee or other like assessment or
charge of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest, penalty, addition
to tax or additional amount imposed by any governmental authority (a "Taxing
Authority") responsible for the imposition of any such tax (domestic or
foreign); (ii) liability of the Company or any subsidiary for the payment of
any amounts of the type described in (i) as a result of being a member of an
affiliated, consolidated, combined or unitary group, or being a party to any
agreement or arrangement whereby liability of the Company or any subsidiary
for payments of such amounts was determined or taken into account with
reference to the liability of any other person; (iii) liability of the
Company or any subsidiary for the payment of any amounts as a result of being
party to any tax sharing agreement or with respect to the payment of any
amounts of the type described in (i) or (ii) as a result of any express or
implied obligation to indemnify any other Person.   8.47. "Third Party
Claim" has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2(d).   8.48. "Unfiled
Returns" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.12.   8.49. "Welder Property
Lease" means that certain Oil and Gas Lease and Option Agreement entered into
August 22, 2003, by and between Patricia Edwards Carson (individually and as
co-independent executrix under the Will of Pattie Welder Edwards, deceased),
David Edwards (individually and as co-independent executor under the Will of
Pattie Welder Edwards, deceased), Marie Welder Ford and Diana Welder Hamilton
(a widow), referred to collectively as Lessors, and the LLC as Lessee.  
ARTICLE IX  INDEMNIFICATION   9.1. Survival. Notwithstanding any right of
Buyer (whether or not exercised) to investigate the affairs of the Company or
any waiver by Buyer, the LLC or the Company of any condition to Closing set
forth in Articles VI or VII, each party shall have the right to rely fully
upon the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the other
parties contained in this Agreement or in any instrument delivered pursuant
to this Agreement. Each of the representations and warranties made by the
Buyer, Company and the LLC in this Agreement shall continue until the first
anniversary of the Closing Date (the "Expiration Date"). No claim by any
Indemnified Party for the recovery of Indemnifiable Losses may be asserted
after the Expiration Date; provided, however, that claims for Indemnifiable
Losses first asserted prior to the Expiration Date shall not thereafter be
barred. .   9.2. Indemnification.   (a) The Company and the LLC shall,
jointly and severally,  indemnify and hold harmless Buyer and its Affiliates,
officers, directors,  employees, agents, successors and assigns (each, a
"Buyer Indemnified  Party", jointly and severally, from and against any and
all Liabilities,  losses, damages, claims, costs, expenses, interest, awards,
judgments and  penalties (including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys\' and  consultants\' fees and expenses) (collectively,
"Indemnifiable Losses")    24    suffered or incurred by a Buyer
Indemnified Party (including, without  limitation, any Actions or Proceedings
brought or otherwise initiated by  any of them), arising out of or resulting
from (i) the inaccuracy of any  representation or warranty made by any of LLC
or the Company, whether  jointly or individually and contained herein or in
any agreement, exhibit  or schedule attached hereto, (ii) the breach of any
covenant or agreement  by the LLC or the Company, whether jointly or
individually and contained  herein or in any agreement, exhibit or schedule
attached hereto, (iii) any  claim, cause of action, Action or Proceeding of
any third party  (including, without limitation, any Governmental or
Regulatory Authority)  to the extent arising out of any action, inaction,
fact, event,  circumstance, condition, liability or obligation of any of the
Company or  LLC occurring or existing prior to the Closing, (iv) the failure
of the  Company to comply with any applicable Laws, including all Laws
promulgated  by any Governmental or Regulatory Authority, or (v) any Taxes of
Company  for any Pre-Closing Tax Period, provided that the LLC shall be
liable for  indemnification hereunder only for Indemnifiable Losses arising
out of or  resulting from (A) the inaccuracy of any representation or
warranty made  by the LLC contained herein or in any agreement, exhibit or
schedule  attached hereto; (B) the breach of any covenant or agreement by the
LLC  contained herein or in any agreement, exhibit or schedule attached
hereto;  (C) any claim, cause of action, Action or Proceeding of any third
party  (including, without limitation, any Governmental or Regulatory
Authority)  to the extent arising out of any action, inaction, fact, event, 
circumstance, condition, liability or obligation of the LLC occurring or 
existing prior to the Closing.   (b) The Buyer shall indemnify and hold
harmless each of the  Company and its Affiliates, successors and assigns
(each, a "Seller  Indemnified Party") from and against any and all
Indemnifiable Losses  arising out of or resulting from (i) the inaccuracy of
any representation  or warranty made by Buyer, whether contained herein or in
any agreement,  exhibit or schedule attached hereto, or (ii) the breach of
any covenant or  agreement by Buyer, whether contained herein or in any
agreement, exhibit  or schedule attached hereto.   (c) To the extent that
the Company\'s or the LLC\'s undertakings  set forth in this Section 9.2 may
be unenforceable, each of the Company  and the LLC shall contribute the
maximum amount that it is permitted to  contribute under applicable law to
the payment and satisfaction of all  Indemnifiable Losses incurred by each
Buyer Indemnified Party.   (d) Any Buyer Indemnified Party or Seller
Indemnified Party  (as applicable, an "Indemnified Party") shall give the
indemnifying party  hereunder (as applicable, an "Indemnifying Party") notice
of any matter  with respect to which an Indemnified Party determines to
seek  indemnification under this Agreement, stating the amount of the 
Indemnifiable Loss, if known, and method of computation thereof. The 
obligations and liabilities of any Indemnifying Party under this Article  IX
with respect to Indemnifiable Losses arising from claims of any third  party
which are subject to the indemnification provided for in this  Article IX
("Third Party Claims") shall be governed by and contingent upon  the
following additional terms and conditions: if an Indemnified Party  shall
receive notice of any Third Party Claim, the Indemnified Party shall  give
the Indemnifying Party notice of such Third Party Claim within 30  days of
the receipt by the Indemnified Party of such notice; provided,  however, that
the failure to provide such notice shall not release the  Indemnifying Party
from any of its obligations under this Article IX  except to the extent the
Indemnifying Party is materially prejudiced by  such failure and shall not
relieve the Indemnifying Party from any other  obligation or liability that
it may have to any Indemnified Party    25    otherwise than under this
Article IX. The Indemnifying Party shall be  entitled to assume and control
the defense of such Third Party Claim at  its expense and through counsel of
its choice, subject to the approval of  the Indemnified Party, which approval
shall not be unreasonably withheld,  if the Indemnifying Party gives notice
of its intention to do so to the  Indemnified Party within five days of the
receipt of such notice from the  Indemnified Party; provided, however, that
if (i) there exists or is  reasonably likely to exist a conflict of interest,
delay, or other  impairment that would make it inappropriate or inadvisable
in the judgment  of the Indemnified Party, in its reasonable discretion, for
the same  counsel to represent both the Indemnified Party and the
Indemnifying  Party, or (ii) the Indemnifying Party shall not have engaged
counsel  reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party within a reasonable
time  after notice of the commencement of the Third Party Claim, or shall 
otherwise fail to adequately defend against such Third Party Claim, then  the
Indemnified Party shall be entitled to retain its own counsel, in each 
jurisdiction for which the Indemnified Party determines counsel is  required,
at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party. In the  event the
Indemnifying Party exercises the right to undertake any such  defense against
any such Third Party Claim as provided above, the  Indemnified Party shall
cooperate with the Indemnifying Party in such  defense and make available to
the Indemnifying Party, at the Indemnifying  Party\'s expense, all witnesses,
pertinent records, materials and  information in the Indemnified Party\'s
possession or under the Indemnified  Party\'s control relating thereto as is
reasonably required by the  Indemnifying Party. Similarly, in the event the
Indemnified Party is,  directly or indirectly, conducting the defense against
any such Third  Party Claim, the Indemnifying Party shall cooperate with the
Indemnified  Party in such defense and make available to the Indemnified
Party, at the  Indemnifying Party\'s expense, all such witnesses, records,
materials and  information in the Indemnifying Party\'s possession or under
the  Indemnifying Party\'s control relating thereto as is reasonably required
by  the Indemnified Party. No such Third Party Claim may be settled by any 
Indemnifying Party without the prior written consent of the Indemnified 
Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. In the event of  any
claim by an Indemnified Party for an Indemnifiable Loss that does not 
involve a Third Party Claim, if the Indemnifying Party disputes its 
liability with respect to such claim, the Indemnifying Party and the 
Indemnified Party shall proceed in good faith to negotiate a resolution of 
such dispute and, if not resolved through negotiations, such dispute shall 
be resolved by litigation in an appropriate court of competent 
jurisdiction.   ARTICLE X  GOVERNING LAW; MISCELLANEOUS   10.1. Governing
Law; Jurisdiction; Jury Trial. This Agreement shall be governed by and
interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without
regard to the principles of conflict of laws. Each party hereby irrevocably
submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts
sitting in Jacksonville, Florida (Duval County) for the adjudication of any
dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any
transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that
it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such
Action or Proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of
such suit, Action or Proceeding is improper. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY
WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE
ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF
THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.   10.2.
Counterparts; Signatures by Facsimile. This Agreement may be executed in two
or more counterparts. Each executed counterpart will be considered an
original document, and all executed counterparts, are considered one and the
same agreement. This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective
Date when counterparts have been signed and delivered (i) by the Buyer to
Eaton and Van Winkle LLP on behalf of the Company and the LLC and (ii) by
the Company and the LLC to Foley and Lardner LLP on behalf of the Buyer.
This Agreement, once executed by a party, may be delivered by facsimile
transmission of a copy of this Agreement bearing the signature of the party
so delivering this Agreement.    26    10.3. Headings. The headings of
this Agreement are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this
Agreement and do not affect its interpretation.   10.4. Severability. If
any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under any
applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision will be deemed
modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any provision hereof
that may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law will not affect the
validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof.   10.5. Entire
Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement (including all schedules and exhibits
hereto and thereto) and the instruments contemplated hereby and thereby
constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the
subject matter hereof and thereof. There are no restrictions, promises,
representations, warranties or undertakings, other than those set forth or
referred to herein or therein. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements
and understandings among the parties hereto with respect to the subject
matter hereof. No provision of this Agreement may be waived or amended other
than by an instrument in writing signed by the party to be charged
with enforcement.   10.6. Notices. Any notices required or permitted to be
given under the terms of this Agreement must be sent by certified or
registered mail (return receipt requested) or delivered personally or by
courier (including a recognized overnight delivery service) or by facsimile
and will be effective five days after being placed in the mail, if mailed by
regular United States mail, or upon receipt, if delivered personally or by
facsimile, in each case addressed to a party. Any notice sent by courier
(including a recognized overnight delivery service) will be deemed received
one business day after being sent. The addresses for such communications
are:   If to the Company or the  LLC: Dune Energy, Inc.  1330 Post Oak
Blvd.  Suite 1600  Houston, Texas 77056  Attention: Alan Gaines 
Facsimile: (203) 286-1958   With a copy to:   Eaton and Van Winkle LLP  3
Park Avenue  New York, New York 10016  Attention: Matthew S. Cohen, Esq. 
Facsimile: (212) 779-9928   If to Buyer: Itera Holdings BV  c/o Itera
International Energy Corporation  9995 Gate Parkway, Suite 400 
Jacksonville, Florida 32256  Attention: Steven C. Koegler  Facsimile: (904)
996-8805    27    With a copy to:   Foley and Lardner LLP  100 N. Tampa
St., Suite 2700  Tampa, Florida 33602  Attention: David L. Robbins, Esq. 
Facsimile: (813) 221-4210  Each party shall provide written notice to the
other parties of any change in its address.   10.7. Successors and Assigns.
This Agreement is binding upon and inures to the benefit of the parties and
their successors and permitted assigns. The Company shall not assign this
Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written
consent of the Buyer, and Buyer may not assign this Agreement or any rights
or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Company
(which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed).   10.8. Third Party
Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties
hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and is not for
the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person
or entity. It is not the intention of the parties to confer third-party
beneficiary rights, and this Agreement does not confer any such rights upon
any Person other than any Person entitled to indemnification pursuant to
Article X hereof.   10.9. Survival. The representations and warranties of
the Company and the LLC set forth herein shall survive for one (1) year
following the Closing hereunder. Neither the Company nor the LLC make any
representations or warranties in any oral or written information provided to
Buyer, other than the representations and warranties included herein.  
10.10. Further Assurances. Each party will do and perform, or cause to be
done and performed, all such further acts and things, and will execute
and deliver all other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents,
as another party may reasonably request to carry out the intent and
accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby.   10.11. No Strict Construction. The
language used in this Agreement is deemed to be the language chosen by the
parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction
will be applied against any party.   * * * * *    28    IN WITNESS
WHEREOF, the undersigned Buyer and Company have caused this Stock Purchase
Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.   
BUYER:   ITERA HOLDINGS BV   By: /s/ Raissa Frenkel 
----------------------------------  Name: Raissa Frenkel  Title: Authorized
Signatory    COMPANY:   DUNE ENERGY, INC.   By: /s/ Alan Gaines 
----------------------------------  Name: Alan Gaines  Title: Chairman and
Chief Executive  Officer    JOINING ONLY AS TO SECTIONS 4.4 AND  4.14 AND
ARTICLES III, VII AND IX  SOLELY WITH RESPECT TO REFERENCES TO  THE
LLC:    LLC:   VAQUERO PARTNERS, LLC   By: /s/ Alan Gaines 
----------------------------------  Name: Alan Gaines  Title:
Manager     EXHIBIT A  TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE FOR SHARES:
$12,000,000  LESS: AMOUNT PAID PURSUANT TO PARTICIPATION LETTER AGREEMENT
($1,000,000)  ----------- BALANCE OF STOCK PURCHASE PRICE DUE:
$11,000,000     EXHIBIT B   Matters to be Covered in Opinion of Counsel
to the Company and to the LLC   1. The Company is a corporation duly
organized, validly existing and its status is active under the laws of the
State of Delaware and has the requisite corporate power to own, lease and
operate its properties and to conduct its business as presently
conducted.   2. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority
to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and
the Ancillary Agreements including, without limitation, the issuance of the
Common Stock.   3. All necessary corporate action has been taken by the
Company to authorize the execution, delivery and performance by the Company
of this Agreement and each of the Ancillary Agreements. The execution and
delivery by the Company of each of this Agreement and the Ancillary
Agreements and the performance by it of its obligations do not violate (i)
their governing documents, if any, or (ii) to our knowledge, any applicable
law, rule or regulation of the United States or the State of Delaware.   4.
The issuance and sale of the Shares have been duly authorized. When issued in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Shares will be validly
issued, fully paid and non-assessable and free of all taxes, liens, charges
and preemptive rights with respect to the issue thereof.   5. Subject to the
accuracy as to factual matters of the Buyer\' representations in Article II
of the Agreement, the offer and sale of the Shares in the manner contemplated
by the Stock Purchase Agreement are exempt from the registration requirements
of Section 5 of the Securities Act.   6. No consent or authorization of,
filing with, notice to or registration with, any federal or state
governmental body, regulatory agency, stock exchange or market of the Company
is required to be obtained by the Company (i) to enter into and perform their
respective obligations under this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements,
(ii) for the issuance and sale of the Common Stock as contemplated by this
Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements (except for normal post-closing
filings in connection with qualifying for exemptions from the registration
requirements of applicable state securities laws), or (iii) for the exercise
of any rights and remedies under this Agreement or any Ancillary
Agreement.   7. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, no Action or
Proceeding before or by any court, public board or body or any governmental
agency or self-regulatory organization is pending or, to our knowledge,
threatened against the Company or any of its subsidiaries that could have a
Material Adverse Effect or that into questions the validity or enforceability
of, or seeks to enjoin the performance of, this Agreement or any Ancillary
Agreement.   8. Since May 7, 2003, the Company has conducted all offerings
of shares of its capital stock and consummated all issuances of shares of
its capital stock in compliance with all requirements the securities Laws,
including the Securities Act. To our knowledge after reasonable inquiry,
there are no rights of rescission available to any Person, and no basis for
any claim against the Company by any Person exists, with respect to the
Company\'s issuances of shares of its capital stock.   9. The execution,
delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement or any Ancillary
Agreement, the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated
thereby and the compliance by the Company with the terms thereof do not
violate, conflict with or constitute a default (or an event which, with the
giving of notice or lapse of time or both, constitutes or would constitute a
default) under, give rise to any right of termination, cancellation or
acceleration under, or result in the creation of any lien, charge or   
-2-   encumbrance on or against any of the properties of the Company
pursuant to (i) the Articles of Incorporation or By-laws of the Company; (ii)
any other agreement, note, lease, mortgage, deed or other instrument which is
filed with the SEC to which the Company is a party or by which the Company is
bound or affected; or (iii) to our knowledge, any statute, law, rule or
regulation applicable to the Company or any order, writ, injunction or
decree.   10. Each of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements has
been duly executed and delivered by or on behalf of the Company, and
constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against
the Company in accordance with its respective terms, except as may be limited
by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation, reorganization, moratorium,
fraudulent conveyance or transfer or other similar laws relating to or
affecting the rights of creditors generally and except as the enforceability
thereof is subject to the application of general principles of equity
(regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law),
including, without limitation, (a) the possible unavailability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or any other equitable remedy and (b) concepts
of materiality, reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing.   11. The LLC
is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and its
status is active under the laws of the State of Texas and has the requisite
corporate power to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its
business as presently conducted.   12. The LLC has the requisite corporate
power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under
this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements.   13. All necessary corporate
action has been taken by the LLC to authorize the execution, delivery and
performance by the LLC of this Agreement and each of the Ancillary
Agreements. The execution and delivery by the LLC of each of this Agreement
and the Ancillary Agreements and the performance by it of its obligations do
not violate (i) its governing documents; or (ii) to our knowledge, any
applicable law, rule or regulation of the United States or the State of
Texas.   14. No Action or Proceeding before or by any court, public board
or body or any governmental agency or self-regulatory organization is pending
or, to our knowledge, threatened against the LLC that could have a Material
Adverse Effect or that into questions the validity or enforceability of, or
seeks to enjoin the performance of, this Agreement or any Ancillary
Agreement.   15. The execution, delivery and performance by the LLC of
this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement and the compliance by the LLC with
the terms thereof do not violate, conflict with or constitute a default (or
an event which, with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both,
constitutes or would constitute a default) under, give rise to any right of
termination, cancellation or acceleration under, or result in the creation of
any lien, charge or encumbrance on or against any of the properties of the
LLC pursuant to (i) the Articles of Organization or Operating Agreement of
the LLC; (ii) any other agreement, note, lease, mortgage, deed or other
instrument to which the LLC is a party or by which the LLC is bound or
affected; or (iii) to our knowledge, any statute, law, rule or regulation
applicable to the LLC or any order, writ, injunction or decree.   16. Each
of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements has been duly executed and
delivered on behalf of the LLC and constitutes a valid and binding obligation
of the LLC enforceable against the LLC in accordance with its respective
terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation,
reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or transfer or other
similar laws relating to or affecting the rights of creditors generally and
except as the enforceability thereof is subject to the application of general
principles of equity (regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in
equity or at law), including, without limitation, (a) the
possible unavailability of specific performance, injunctive relief or any
other equitable remedy and (b) concepts of materiality, reasonableness, good
faith and fair dealing.    -3-    17. The authorized capital stock of
the Company immediately before the Closing consists of (i) 100,000,000 shares
of the Common Stock, of which 15,100,757 shares were issued and outstanding,
and (ii) 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $.001 per share,
650,000 of which have been designated as Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock, of which 222,222 shares are issued and outstanding (convertible into
444,444 shares of Common Stock). The following are all of the Company\'s
outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe for, puts, calls,
rights of first refusal, agreements, understandings, claims, antidilution
protection or other commitments or rights of any character whatsoever that
could require the Company to issue additional shares of capital stock of the
Company or adjust the purchase or exercise price of any such instrument: (i)
Stock options exercisable into 350,000 shares of Common Stock and featuring
"piggy-back" registration rights; and (ii) Promissory notes convertible into
2,854,377 shares of Common Stock.   18. With respect to all wells located on
the property covered under the Welder Property Lease and under the options to
lease additional acreage from the Welder family that are drilled subsequent
to the "Initial Well" described in the Participation Letter Agreement,
Vaquero Oil and Gas, Inc. may not, without the prior approval and consent of
Vaquero Partners, LLC, take any action or enter into any agreements or
understandings which would reduce below 85% the Company\'s working interest
in all such wells.    -4-    EXHIBIT C   FORM OF EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENTS   FOR ALAN GAINES, RICHARD COHEN AND AMIEL DAVID    -5-   
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT  EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT dated as of May ____, 2004 (this
"Agreement") between Dune Energy, Inc., a Delaware corporation having its
principal place of business at 1330 Post Oak Blvd., Suite 1600, Houston,
Texas 77056 (the "Employer" or the "Company"), and Alan Gaines, an individual
residing in the State of Connecticut (the "Executive").  WHEREAS, the
Company and Executive desire that Executive\'s relationship with the Company
be governed by this Agreement and by the exhibits annexed hereto;  NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth
herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the parties agree as
follows:  1. Employment: The Employer hereby employs the Executive and the
Executive hereby accepts employment upon the terms and conditions hereinafter
set forth.  2. Title; Responsibilities; Reporting: During the Term of this
Agreement, the Executive shall diligently and faithfully: (a) serve the
Company in the capacity of Chief Executive Officer, and/or in whatever
similar executive capacities as shall from time to time be assigned to the
Executive by the Company\'s Board of Directors or by such other person(s) as
directed by the Board of Directors; (b) report directly to the Company\'s
Board of Directors; (c) discharge and carry out all duties and
responsibilities as may from time to time be assigned, and such directions as
may from time to time be given, to the Executive by the Company\'s Board of
Directors and (d) abide by and carry out the policies and programs of the
Company in existence or as the same may be changed from time to time. For
so long as the Executive shall be employed hereunder, he shall be nominated
as a Director and such nomination shall be submitted to a vote by the
shareholders of the Company.  3. Exclusivity: All services to be provided
by the Executive under this Agreement shall be performed by the Executive
personally. During the term of this Agreement, the Executive shall devote
substantially all of the Executive\'s business time, attention and energies
and all of his skills, learnings and best efforts to the business of Company.
At all times during the term of this Agreement, the services required of
Executive and the location at which he performs such services shall not
require that he reside outside of the State of Connecticut, except for travel
in the ordinary course of business.  4. Term: The initial term of this
Agreement shall commence as of May __, 2004 (the "Commencement Date") and
shall end on May 31, 2005, unless sooner extended by agreement of the parties
or terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. The date
on which this Agreement is scheduled to expire (i.e. May 31, 2005 or such
later date to which this Agreement may be extended by agreement of the
parties) is referred to as the "End Date". No more than one hundred twenty
(120) nor less than and sixty (60) days prior to the an End Date (each such
sixty (60) day period is referred to as a "Renegotiation Period"), the
Company and the Executive may agree in writing to extend this Agreement
for an additional term. If during any Renegotiation Period the Company and
Executive fail to agree upon an extension of this Agreement, this Agreement
shall terminate as of the End Date of the then current term notwithstanding
the provision of services by Executive after the end of the then current
term. The term of this Agreement, whether as originally scheduled, extended
by agreement or shortened pursuant to a termination in accordance herewith is
referred to as the "Term."  5. Base Compensation: The Employer shall pay to
the Executive a base salary at the rate of $350,000 per year, subject to
increase at the discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company. The
salary shall be paid in monthly installments on the first day of each month
and shall be subject to such    -6-   deductions by the Employer as are
required to be made pursuant to law, government regulations or order. The
Executive understands and agrees that the Executive is an exempt Executive as
that term is applied for purposes of Federal or State wage and hour laws, and
further understands that the Executive shall not be entitled to any
compensatory time off or other compensation for overtime.  6. Performance
Bonus: The Executive shall be eligible to earn a performance bonus with
respect to each fiscal year of the Company\'s operation that ends during the
Term of this Agreement, based on the Company\'s EBITDA (earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation/depletion and amortization) during such fiscal
year, as calculated by the Company\'s auditors in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. For the current fiscal year ending December
31, 2004, the Executive will be entitled to receive a performance bonus equal
to two percent (2%) of the Company\'s EBITDA, up to $10,000,000 and
one percent (1%) of EBITDA above $10,000,000. (By way of example, if the
Company\'s EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2004 is $14,000,000, then
Executive will be entitled to a performance bonus of .02 X $10,000,000 plus
.01 X $4,000,000 = $240,000). During subsequent fiscal years during the Term
of this Agreement, the Executive will be entitled to receive a performance
bonus equal to two percent (2%) of the Company\'s EBITDA, up to $15,000,000
and one percent (1%) of EBITDA above $15,000,000. Performance bonuses earned
hereunder shall be payable in cash thirty (30) days after delivery by the
Company\'s auditors of audited financial statements for such fiscal year, but
in no event later than sixty (60) days after the end of the applicable fiscal
year. Where the Executive\'s employment hereunder is terminated prior to the
end of a fiscal year by reason of death, "Disability" (as defined on Exhibit
A attached hereto), expiration of the term hereof, "Termination Without
Cause" (as defined in Section 19 below), or "Resignation for Good Reason" (as
defined in Section 18 below), then the Executive shall still be eligible for
payment of a performance bonus for such fiscal year, provided that the amount
of such performance bonus shall equal the product of (i) the amount of the
performance bonus that would have been payable for the entire fiscal year had
the Executive remained employed for the entire fiscal year and (ii) a
fraction, the numerator of which shall equal the number of days the Executive
was employed hereunder during such fiscal year and the denominator of which
shall equal 365.  7. Issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock: At no
time shall the number of shares of Common Stock currently held by the
Executive or acquired pursuant to this Agreement, constitute less than five
percent (5%) of the Company\'s issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
on a fully-diluted, as converted basis. If the Company issues additional
shares of Common Stock, or securities convertible into shares of Common Stock
to any third party after the date hereof, then the Company shall likewise
cause to be issued to the Executive, such additional number of shares of
Common Stock as are necessary to maintain Executive\'s five percent (5%)
equity ownership in the Company.  8. Fringe Benefits: During the Term of
this Agreement, the Executive shall be entitled to major medical and full
hospital insurance for the Executive, his spouse and immediate dependents,
provided that the Executive and his family are insurable at "standard rates".
The Executive shall also be entitled to such disability, life insurance, and
other similar benefits as may be made available to other senior officers of
the Company under such group benefit plans and/or programs as may be
maintained by the Company from time to time, subject to any eligibility,
copayment and waiting period requirements under or applicable to any such
benefit plans and/or programs. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that the
Company has the right, in its sole discretion, to amend, modify or terminate
any such benefit plan or program at any time and for any reason or for no
reason. The Executive\'s entitlement to such benefits shall end upon
the termination of his employment with the Company, however caused, except
as provided (a) by applicable law or (b) by the express terms of any such
group benefit plan or program maintained by the Company.    -7-   9.
Vacation, Etc.: During the Term of this Agreement, the Executive shall
be entitled to six (6) weeks paid vacation to be taken at such time or times
as shall be consistent with the proper performance by the Executive of his
duties, and which shall accrue ratably during the fiscal year. No unused
vacation, holidays, sick leave or personal days may be carried forward from
year to year. In the event that the Executive\'s employment terminates by
virtue of "Termination Without Cause", "Resignation for Good Reason", death
or disability, then the Executive shall be entitled to payment for any
accrued but unused vacation days during the year such termination
occurs.  10. Expense Reimbursement; Travel Policy: The Company shall provide
the Executive with such reasonable business lodging and travel
expense reimbursements as are consistent with the Company\'s policies in
effect from time to time as they pertain to senior officers of the Company.
All reimbursements by the Company provided for in this Agreement are
conditioned upon the Executive\'s submission to the Company of reasonably
satisfactory documentation and an itemized account for such expenses within a
reasonable period after they are incurred. Expense reports and requests for
reimbursement which are submitted later than two months after the expense is
incurred will not be reimbursed without the approval of the Company\'s Chief
Financial Officer.  11. Other Benefit Plans: As soon as practicable
following the execution hereof, the Company shall obtain DandO; insurance if
available. Within six months of the date hereof the Company may adopt such
stock option plans, and retirement savings plans and similar benefit plans as
the Board deems appropriate. Executive shall be eligible to participate in
such plans.  12. Death of Executive: In the event of the Executive\'s death
during the Term of this Agreement, the Employer\'s obligations and agreements
under this Agreement shall automatically terminate as of the date of such
death, and in full satisfaction thereof, the Company shall pay to the
Executive\'s estate any base salary and pro rata performance bonus earned and
unpaid through the date of such death and any business expenses or other
fringe benefits or otherwise due to Executive. The Executive\'s estate shall
also be entitled to payment for (i) any bonus earned in the year preceding
such termination but not yet paid and (ii) accrued but unused vacation days
during the year such termination occurs. Such event shall not be deemed a
"Termination Without Cause" as defined below.  13. Disability of Executive:
If the Executive shall, during the term of this Agreement, suffer a
"Disability," (as defined, from time to time, in a disability plan that the
Company may maintain for the benefit of its senior officers (a "Disability
Plan") or, whenever no such Disability Plan exists, as defined in accordance
with the meanings on Exhibit A hereto), then the Employer shall have the
right to terminate this Agreement by written notice of such Disability to the
Executive, whereupon the Employer\'s obligations and agreements under this
Agreement shall automatically terminate as of the date of such notice, and in
full satisfaction thereof, the Company shall pay to the Executive any base
salary and pro rata performance bonus earned and unpaid through the date of
such notice (less any payments received by the Executive under a Disability
Plan) and any business expenses or other fringe benefits otherwise due to
Executive. Executive shall also be entitled to payment for (i) any
bonus earned in the year preceding such termination but not yet paid and (ii)
accrued but unused vacation days during the year such termination occurs. No
such termination shall be deemed a "Termination Without Cause" as defined
below. All other obligations of the Employer under this Agreement shall
automatically cease, and the Executive shall not be entitled to any other
salary, payments or benefits otherwise payable under this Agreement, except
as otherwise required by law.  14. Resignation Notice; Termination: The
Executive agrees to give sixty (60) days\' prior written notice to the
Company of any decision by the Executive to resign during the term of this
Agreement (such notice hereinafter referred to as a "Resignation Notice"),
provided, however, that in the case of the Executive\'s resignation for "Good
Reason" as defined in Section 17 below, only fourteen (14) days\' prior
written notice shall be required. The Executive acknowledges and   
-8-   understands that these notice periods are for the exclusive benefit
of the Company, and do not confer any employment obligation on the Company.
If the Company receives any such Resignation Notice, the Company may elect,
in its sole discretion and for any reason or for no reason, to terminate the
Executive\'s employment, either immediately or at any point during the period
indicated in such notice.  15. Post-Resignation Actions: If the Executive
decides to resign from the Executive\'s employment with the Company, the
Executive agrees to make no public announcement and no statement to persons
or entities doing business with the Company concerning the Executive\'s
departure prior to the Executive\'s termination date without the written
consent of the Company, and to continue faithfully performing and discharging
the Executive\'s duties and responsibilities for the Company from the date of
such Resignation Notice until such termination date.  16. Post-Resignation
Obligations: Except as provided below with respect to resignations for "Good
Reason," no such resignation (or termination by the Company following a
Resignation Notice) shall be deemed to be or treated as if it was a
"Termination Without Cause" as defined below. The Executive agrees
and understands that, in the event of any such resignation (or termination by
the Company following a Resignation Notice), the Executive shall be entitled
to receive the Executive\'s base salary from the Employer at the rate
provided in this Agreement through the date of termination of the
Executive\'s employment and any business expenses otherwise due to Executive.
The Executive shall also be entitled to payment for any (i) bonus earned in
the year preceding such resignation but not yet paid and, in the event of a
"Resignation for Good Reason", accrued but unused vacation days during the
year such resignation occurs. All other obligations of the Employer under
this Agreement shall automatically cease, and the Executive shall not be
entitled to any other salary, payments or benefits otherwise payable under
this Agreement, except as otherwise required by law. The parties further
agree and understand that, in the event of any such resignation (or
termination by the Company following a Resignation Notice), the Executive\'s
obligations and agreements under Sections 21 through 24 hereof shall continue
in full force and effect in the manner and on the terms set forth
herein.  17. Resignation for Good Reason: If the Executive resigns for "Good
Reason" (as defined below), then such a resignation (a "Resignation for Good
Reason") shall be treated hereunder as if it were a "Termination Without
Cause" as defined in Section 18 below. "Good Reason" means any of the
following failures or conditions which shall remain uncured twenty (20) days
after written notice of such failure or condition is received by the Company
from the Executive: (i) the failure of the Company to continue the Executive
in the position of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company (or such other
senior executive position as may be offered by the Company and which the
Executive in his sole discretion may accept); (ii) material diminution by the
Company of the Executive\'s responsibilities, duties, or authority in
comparison with the responsibilities, duties and authority held during the
six month period following the Commencement Date, or assignment to the
Executive of any duties inconsistent with the Executive\'s position as the
senior executive officer of the Company (or such other senior executive
position as may be offered by the Company and which the Executive in his sole
discretion may accept); (iii) failure by the Company to pay and provide to
the Executive the compensation and benefits provided for in this Agreement;
or (iv) the requirement that Executive relocate his residence outside of the
State of Connecticut.  18. Termination Without Cause: The Executive\'s
employment under this Agreement may be terminated at any time by the Company,
without cause, upon fourteen (14) days\' written notice to the Executive
(such termination referred to throughout this Agreement as a "Termination
Without Cause"). In the event of any such Termination Without Cause, the
Company agrees to pay to the Executive as severance pay, an amount equal to
two (2) years\' base salary (at the then current rate), pro rata performance
bonus earned and unpaid through the date of    -9-   such termination
and any business expenses and other fringe benefits otherwise due to the
Executive (the "Severance Payment"). The Severance Payment shall be payable
in twenty-four (24) equal monthly installments commencing on the first day of
each month following the date of termination, provided that the
Executive adheres to his obligations hereunder and in no way disparages the
Company, its officers, directors or affiliates. The Executive shall also be
entitled to payment for (i) any bonus earned in the year preceding such
termination but not yet paid and (ii) accrued but unused vacation days during
the year such termination occurs. All other obligations of the Employer under
this Agreement shall automatically cease, and the Executive shall not be
entitled to any other salary, payments or benefits otherwise payable under
this Agreement, except as otherwise required by law.  19. Termination For
Cause: The Employer, upon a vote of the Company\'s Board of Directors
(excluding the Executive) shall be entitled to immediately terminate the
Executive\'s services in any of the following circumstances, each of
which shall constitute "cause" for such termination:  (a) the breach by
Executive, in any material respect, of this Agreement (including, without
limitation, the refusal or other failure by Executive to perform any of
Executive\'s duties hereunder other than a failure to perform resulting from
death or physical or mental disability) and failure by Executive to cure such
breach within ten (10) days of written notice thereof from
the Company;  (b) the commission by Executive of any act of dishonesty,
fraud, intentional material misrepresentation or moral turpitude in
connection with his employment, including, but not limited to,
misappropriation or embezzlement of any funds of the Company or any of its
affiliates;  (c) the commission by Executive of any (1) willful misconduct
or gross negligence, or (2) intentional act having the effect of injuring the
reputation, business or business relationships of the Company or any of its
affiliates, and which intentional act would not reasonably be deemed to be in
the best interests of the Company;  (d) the entering by the Executive of a
plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, or the conviction of Executive for, a
crime (other than a routine traffic offense) which carries a potential
penalty of imprisonment for more than ninety (90) days and/or a fine in
excess of Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000);  (e) Executive\'s abuse of
alcohol, prescription drugs or controlled substances to a degree which
interferes with his performance on behalf of the Company;  (f) Executive\'s
deliberate disregard of any lawful material rule or policy of the Company or
order of the Company\'s Board of Directors and failure to cure the same
within ten (10) days of written notice thereof from the Company; or  (g)
excessive absenteeism of Executive other than for reasons of illness,
after written notice from the Company with respect thereto.   If the
Executive is terminated for any of the causes referred to in the above sub-
paragraphs (a) through (g), all obligations of the Employer under
this Agreement (except for obligations specifically referred to as
continuing) shall automatically cease, and the Executive shall not be
entitled to any salary, payments or other benefits otherwise payable under
this Agreement that arise after the last day of employment. The Executive
shall be entitled to payment for any bonus earned in the year preceding such
termination but not yet paid. The parties further agree and understand that,
in the event of any such Termination for Cause, the Executive\'s obligations
and agreements under Sections 21 through 24 hereof shall continue in full
force and effect in the manner and on the terms set forth herein.   
-10-   20. Payment Upon Expiration of Term: In the event that this
Agreement expires by the arrival of an End Date without a prior termination
or resignation, the Company agrees to pay to the Executive his base salary
and pro rata performance bonus earned and unpaid through the date of such
expiration and any business expenses or fringe benefits otherwise due to the
Executive. Executive shall also be entitled to payment for any bonus earned
in the year preceding the expiration of the Agreement but not yet paid and
accrued but unused vacation days during the year such expiration occurs. All
other payments, benefits or arrangements provided by the Company shall cease
immediately, except as otherwise required by law or the terms of any plan
maintained by the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties further
agree and understand that, in the event of any such expiration, the
Executive\'s obligations and agreements under Sections 21 through 24 hereof
shall continue in full force and effect in the manner and on the terms set
forth herein.  21. Noncompetition:  (a) The Executive expressly
acknowledges that, in order to protect the Company, and persons and entities
that do business with the Company, it is an essential condition of his
employment that the Executive agrees that during the Term of this Agreement
and (unless this Agreement is terminated as a result of a Termination Without
Cause or a Resignation For Good Reason):  for a period of one (1) year
thereafter, the Executive will not directly or indirectly, for his own
account or on behalf of any other person or as an employee, consultant,
manager, agent, broker, stockholder, director or officer of a corporation,
investor, owner, lender, partner, joint venturer, or otherwise engage in any
business which is then directly engaged in the exploration, drilling or
production of natural gas or oil, within the area contemplated in that
certain Area of Mutual Interest Agreement dated November 17, 2003 between the
Company and Vaquero Oil and Gas, Inc.;  for a period of one (1) year
thereafter (i) solicit, entice or induce any Customer (as defined below) of
the Company to cease or limit its business with the Company (except if and to
the extent directed to do so by the Chairman, Vice Chairman or Board of
Directors of the Company), or to become a customer, supplier, vendor or
client of any other person (including, without limitation, Executive,
individually) or entity engaged in any activity or business competitive with
the Company if as a consequence thereof such party shall reduce the business
it does with the Company or (ii) interfere with the relationship between the
Company and any Customer, and Executive shall not cause, assist or facilitate
any person or entity in taking any such prohibited actions;  for a period of
one (1) year thereafter, solicit, attempt to solicit or entice away from the
Company\'s employment, any employee of the Company, or disrupt or interfere
with, or attempt to disrupt or interfere with, the Company\'s relationship
with any such person, and Executive shall not cause, assist or facilitate any
person or entity in taking any such prohibited action;  disparage the
Company or any of its shareholders, directors, officers, employees or agents
or take any actions that are harmful to the Company\'s goodwill with its
customers, employees or the public; and  engage in any act or practice the
purpose of which is to evade the provisions of this covenant not to compete
or to commit any act which adversely affects the business of the Company.  
For purposes of this Agreement, a "Customer" of the Company shall mean any
person or entity, who or which is, or was at any time within the prior one
year period, a purchaser of goods or services from the Company, a
landlord, sublandlord, licensor, licensee or supplier of (or prospective
purchaser, landlord, sublandlord, licensor, licensee or supplier, provided
the Company was in active discussions with such party prior to the
termination of this Agreement), to or from the Company, as the case may
be.    -11-   (b) It is understood by the Executive that the covenants
contained in this Section 21 are essential elements of this Agreement and
that, but for the agreement of the Executive to comply with such covenants,
the Company would not have agreed to enter into this Agreement and would not
pay Executive the agreed compensation for his services. Executive
acknowledges that the provisions of this Section 21 are reasonable and
necessary for the protection of the Company and that enforcement of the
provisions of this Section 21 shall not result in an unreasonable deprivation
of the right of Executive to earn a living. The existence of any claim or
cause of action of Executive against the Company, whether predicated on this
Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by
the Company of such covenants. The covenants of Executive in this Section 21
shall be construed as agreements independent of any provision in this
Agreement. In the event a court of competent jurisdiction determines that the
provisions of this Section 21 are excessively broad as to duration,
geographical scope or activity, it is expressly agreed that Section 21 shall
be construed so that the remaining provisions shall not be affected,
but shall remain in full force and effect, and any such overbroad provisions
shall be deemed, without further action on the part of any person, to be
modified, amended and/or limited, but only to the extent necessary to render
the same valid and enforceable in such jurisdiction.  22. Non-Disclosure of
Confidential Information:  (a) The Executive acknowledges and agrees that
the Executive\'s services for the Company shall bring the Executive into
contact with sensitive or secret information relating to the Company, its
successors, subsidiaries, assigns, officers, Executives, associated entities
and/or agents including, but not limited to (i) information concerning the
objectives, plans, commitments, contracts, leases, operations, executives,
methods, market investigations, surveys, research, records, and costs and
prices of the Company and/or the Company\'s subsidiaries or associated
entities, (ii) information concerning the identities, objectives, plans,
preferences, needs, requests, specifications, commitments, contracts,
operations, methods and records of the Company\'s and/or its subsidiaries\'
or associated entities\' lenders, prospective lenders, investors, owners
and/or prospective owners, and (iii) any and all information, trade secrets
or ideas that give the Company or its subsidiaries or associated entities the
opportunity to obtain an advantage over such competitors of the Company or of
such subsidiaries or associated entities that do not know or use such
information, trade secrets or ideas (the "Confidential Information").  (b)
The Executive further understands and acknowledges that
Confidential Information includes not only recorded or written information,
but information that the Executive can recall or reconstruct from the
Executive\'s memory.  (c) The Executive agrees that he will, at all times,
faithfully hold all such Confidential Information in the strictest of
confidence and will, at all times, use his best efforts and highest diligence
to keep such Confidential Information secret, to guard against its
disclosure, and never, directly or indirectly, to disclose or divulge any
such Confidential Information to any person, company, firm or other entity,
or to use the same, except that (i) the Executive may use Confidential
Information as necessary to perform his duties of employment with the
Company, (ii) the Executive may disclose Confidential Information to
those within the Company who have a need to know it in the performance of
their duties for the Company, (iii) the Executive may disclose Confidential
Information to parties outside the Company when, as and if he is expressly
directed to do so by the Executive\'s supervisors within the Company, and
(iv) the Executive may disclose Confidential Information as expressly
directed by judicial process, provided that the Executive has promptly, and
prior to making such disclosure, provided a copy of such judicial process to
the Company and the Company does not intervene to oppose such disclosure. The
Executive shall use his best efforts to afford the Company sufficient time to
intervene to oppose any such disclosure, including, if necessary, seeking
reasonable extensions of the Executive\'s time to make such disclosure.   
-12-   (d) The Executive shall continue to abide by all of his obligations
under this Agreement respecting Confidential Information not only during his
employment with the Company, but also for all time after any termination,
resignation or expiration of his employment with the Company, however
caused.  (e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, after any termination or
resignation of the Executive from his employment with the Company,
Confidential Information shall not include, and the Executive shall not be
restricted from divulging or using, any information which the Executive can
demonstrate (i) is or becomes generally available to the public other than as
a result of a disclosure by the Executive, (ii) was available to the
Executive on a non-confidential basis prior to its disclosure to the
Executive by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or associated entities,
or (iii) becomes available to the Executive on a non-confidential basis from
a source other than the Company or any of its subsidiaries or associated
entities, provided, however, that such source was not bound by a
confidentiality agreement with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or
associated entities, or was not otherwise prohibited from transmitting
such information to the Executive.  (f) The Executive agrees that upon any
termination, resignation or expiration of his employment with the Company,
however caused, the Executive shall deliver to the Company all writings,
documents, recordings, computer discs or other media of recordation or
storage in his possession, custody or control containing any Confidential
Information (including, without limitation, all duplicates and copies), shall
relinquish access to any computer maintained by or for the benefit of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries or associated entities, and shall purge
all such Confidential Information (in whatever form, including electronic
data) from any electronic media or storage devices, including computers, in
the Executive\'s possession, custody or control. To insure compliance with
this Agreement, at the time of such termination, resignation or expiration,
the Executive shall provide the Company with a sworn statement,
duly notarized, that the Executive has performed each and every agreement
and obligation contained or referred to in this Section.  23. Company
Property: All inventions, improvements, systems, designs, ideas, business
plans, sales techniques, approaches, surveys, prospect books, publications,
memoranda, customer lists, files, notes, records, videotapes or any other
business documentation or products (including, without
limitation, Confidential Information) that the Executive makes or conceives
(either individually or jointly with others) or that are made available to
the Executive during his employment with the Company and until any
termination, resignation or expiration of such employment for any reason,
relating to and connected with his employment, or that the Executive utilizes
in carrying out his duties or responsibilities to the Company (the
"Property"), shall be the Company\'s exclusive property, and the Executive
assigns to the Company all of his rights, if any, in and to all such
Property.  24. Trade Names, Trademarks and Copyright: During his employment
with the Company, and continuing for all time after any termination,
resignation or expiration of such employment for any reason, the Executive
agrees that he shall never have or claim any right, title or interest in any
trade name, trademark or copyright (statutory or common law) belonging to or
used by the Company, its subsidiaries, successors, assigns or associated
entities, and shall never have or claim any right, title or interest in any
material or matter of any sort, prepared for or used in connection with
advertising, solicitation, circulation, editorial content or promotion of the
business of the Company, its subsidiaries, successors, assigns or associated
entities, whether produced, prepared or published in whole or in part by the
Executive. The Executive recognizes that the Company and/or its subsidiaries
or associated entities now have and shall hereafter have and retain sole and
exclusive rights in and to any and all such trade names, trademarks,
copyrights, material and matter.    -13-   25. Injunctive Relief: The
Executive expressly acknowledges and agrees that the Property and the
Confidential Information are of a special, unique, unusual, extraordinary and
intellectual character which gives them a peculiar value, and that a breach
by the Executive of any of the restrictive covenants contained in paragraphs
21 through 24 herein will cause the Company irreparable injury and damage for
which there is no adequate remedy available at law. The Executive further
expressly acknowledges and agrees that the Company shall be entitled,
in addition to any remedies available at law, to injunctive or other
equitable relief to require specific performance, or to prevent a breach, of
any provision of this Agreement by the Executive without any requirement or
showing that the Company has suffered any damages from such breach.  26.
Further Instruments: Each of the Company and the Executive shall
execute, acknowledge, deliver and procure the execution, acknowledgment and
delivery to the other of any and all further instruments which the other may
reasonably deem necessary or expedient to carry out or effectuate the
purposes or intent of this Agreement.  27. Successors and Assigns: This
Agreement shall not be assignable by the Company without the prior consent of
the Executive, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. For purposes of this
Agreement a transfer of this Agreement in connection with a merger, sale of a
majority of the outstanding shares or consolidation of the Company or a sale
of substantially all of the Company assets shall not constitute an
assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon the successors, heirs,
executors and personal representatives of Executive. This Agreement
contemplates the rendition of personal services by Executive and is not
assignable by the Executive.  28. Savings Clause: If any term or provision
of this Agreement or the application thereof to any person or circumstance
shall, to any extent, be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this
Agreement, or the application of such term or provision to persons or
circumstances other than those as to which it is held invalid or
unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and each term and provision of
this Agreement shall be valid and be enforced to the fullest extent permitted
by law. The Company\'s rights and remedies provided for in this Agreement or
by law shall, to the extent permitted by law, be cumulative.  29. Governing
Law and Construction: Any and all differences and disputes of whatever nature
arising out of or relating to this Agreement (including, without limitation,
the negotiation, execution, performance or termination of this Agreement)
shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware applicable
to contracts made, negotiated and to be performed entirely in such State
without giving effect to its principles of conflicts of laws. With respect to
all such differences and disputes, the parties agree and consent to be
subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located
in the State of Texas and consent to the exclusive venue of Texas.  30.
Notices: All notices to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and
shall be given by hand, by overnight courier services which
obtain acknowledgment of receipt or by certified or registered mail, return
receipt requested, addressed to the party receiving such notice (each of the
foregoing being referred to as "Written Notice"), or by facsimile
transmission, such transmission being effective as of the date thereof if
followed within ten (10) business days by Written Notice, as follows:  (a)
if to the Company, to the Company\'s address set forth above, with a copy
to Eaton and Van Winkle, 3 Park Avenue, 16th Floor, New York, New York, 10016,
Att: Matthew S. Cohen, Esq;  (b) if to the Executive, to the Executive\'s
address set forth above; or    -14-   (c) to either party at such other
addresses as shall have been specified in a notice similarly given.  31.
Freedom to Execute Agreement: The Company and the Executive each
represent, warrant and agree that they are free to enter into this Agreement,
and that they are not subject to any obligations or disability which would
prevent them from or interfere with their fully keeping and performing all of
the covenants and conditions to be kept or performed under such agreements.
The Company and Executive further represent, warrant and agree that they have
not made and will not make any grant or assignment which conflicts with or
impairs the complete enjoyment of the rights and privileges granted to the
Company and the Executive under this Agreement. The Executive has had the
opportunity to consult with his personal attorney and to negotiate this
Agreement at "arms-length".  32. Entire Agreement: This Agreement and the
agreements annexed as appendices hereto are intended together to constitute
the entire agreement between the Company and the Executive relating to the
subject matters of such agreements, and all prior negotiations and
understandings of the parties have been merged in such agreements. No
modification of any such agreements shall be valid unless in writing and
executed by the parties hereto. This Agreement supersedes in its entirety the
Employment Agreement between the Company and Executive dated December 1, 2003
which is void and of no further force and effect.  33. Waiver of Breach: The
waiver of a breach or default of or under any provision of this Agreement
shall not be deemed a waiver of any other such breach or default of any kind
or nature.  34. Approvals: This Agreement has been approved by the necessary
vote of the Company\'s Board of Directors of the Company.   IN WITNESS
WHEREOF, the parties have signed this Agreement as of the date above
written.  Employer: Executive: DUNE ENERGY, INC.   By: 
----------------------------- -----------------------------  Amiel David Alan
Gaines  President, Chief Operating  Officer     Exhibit A   For the
purposes of this Employment Agreement, whenever the term "Disability" is not
defined in a Disability Plan that the Company may maintain for the benefit of
its senior officers, that term shall mean that, for a period of "120
continuous days", the Executive is "limited" form performing the "material
and substantial duties" of his "regular occupation" due to his "sickness" or
"injury."   For purposes of this definition:   "120 continuous days" shall
mean 120 days of sickness or injury which meets all of the other criteria for
a Disability as defined herein, with no lapse of greater than 30 days
(consecutively or in the aggregate);   "limited" from performing a duty or
function means that the Executive is unable to perform such duty or
function;   "material and substantial duties" means duties that are normally
required for the performance of the Executive\'s "regular occupation" and
cannot be reasonably omitted or modified;   "regular occupation" means all
of the functions that the Executive was routinely performing prior to the
onset of the condition or conditions that resulted in the Company\'s decision
to terminate the Executive\'s employment for reasons related to
Disability;   "sickness" means any illness or disease that renders the
Executive incapable of performing material and substantial duties of his
employment under the Employment Agreement; and   "injury" means a bodily
injury that is the direct result of an accident and not related to any other
cause.    -16-    EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT  EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT dated as
of May __, 2004 (this "Agreement") between Dune Energy, Inc., a Delaware
corporation having its principal place of business at 1330 Post Oak Blvd.,
Suite 1600, Houston, Texas 77056 (the "Employer" or the "Company"), and
Richard Cohen, an individual residing in the State of New York (the
"Executive").   WHEREAS, the Company and Executive desire that Executive\'s
relationship with the Company be governed by this Agreement and by the
exhibits annexed hereto;   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual
covenants and agreements set forth herein, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the parties agree as follows:  1. Employment: The Employer
hereby employs the Executive and the Executive hereby accepts employment upon
the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.  2. Title; Responsibilities;
Reporting: During the Term of this Agreement, the Executive shall diligently
and faithfully: (a) serve the Company in the capacity of Chief Financial
Officer, and/or in whatever similar executive capacities as shall from time
to time be assigned to the Executive by the Company\'s Board of Directors or
by such other person(s) as directed by the Board of Directors; (b) report
directly to the Company\'s Board of Directors; (c) discharge and carry
out all duties and responsibilities as may from time to time be assigned, and
such directions as may from time to time be given, to the Executive by the
Company\'s Board of Directors and (d) abide by and carry out the policies and
programs of the Company in existence or as the same may be changed from time
to time. For so long as the Executive shall be employed hereunder, he shall
be nominated as a Director and such nomination shall be submitted to a vote
by the shareholders of the Company.  3. Exclusivity: All services to be
provided by the Executive under this Agreement shall be performed by the
Executive personally. During the term of this Agreement, the Executive shall
devote substantially all of the Executive\'s business time, attention and
energies and all of his skills, learnings and best efforts to the business of
Company. At all times during the term of this Agreement, the services
required of Executive and the location at which he performs such services
shall not require that he reside outside of the State of New York, except for
travel in the ordinary course of business.  4. Term: The initial term of
this Agreement shall commence as of May __, 2004 (the "Commencement Date")
and shall end on May 31, 2005, unless sooner extended by agreement of the
parties or terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.
The date on which this Agreement is scheduled to expire (i.e. May 31, 2005 or
such later date to which this Agreement may be extended by agreement of the
parties) is referred to as the "End Date". No more than one hundred twenty
(120) nor less than and sixty (60) days prior to the an End Date (each such
sixty (60) day period is referred to as a "Renegotiation Period"), the
Company and the Executive may agree in writing to extend this Agreement
for an additional term. If during any Renegotiation Period the Company and
Executive fail to agree upon an extension of this Agreement, this Agreement
shall terminate as of the End Date of the then current term notwithstanding
the provision of services by Executive after the end of the then current
term. The term of this Agreement, whether as originally scheduled, extended
by agreement or shortened pursuant to a termination in accordance herewith is
referred to as the "Term."    -17-   5. Base Compensation: The Employer
shall pay to the Executive a base salary at the rate of $120,000 per year,
subject to increase at the discretion of the Board of Directors of the
Company. The salary shall be paid in monthly installments on the first day of
each month and shall be subject to such deductions by the Employer as are
required to be made pursuant to law, government regulations or order. The
Executive understands and agrees that the Executive is an exempt Executive as
that term is applied for purposes of Federal or State wage and hour laws, and
further understands that the Executive shall not be entitled to any
compensatory time off or other compensation for overtime.  6. Performance
Bonus: The Executive shall be eligible to earn a performance bonus with
respect to each fiscal year of the Company\'s operation that ends during the
Term of this Agreement, based on milestones to be established by the Board of
Directors from time to time, or as may otherwise be determined by the Board
from time to time. Performance bonuses earned hereunder shall be payable in
cash thirty (30) days after delivery by the Company\'s auditors of
audited financial statements for such fiscal year, but in no event later than
sixty (60) days after the end of the applicable fiscal year. Where the
Executive\'s employment hereunder is terminated prior to the end of a fiscal
year by reason of death, "Disability" (as defined on Exhibit A attached
hereto), expiration of the term hereof, "Termination Without Cause" (as
defined in Section 16 below), or "Resignation for Good Reason" (as defined in
Section 15 below), then the Executive shall still be eligible for payment of
a performance bonus for such fiscal year, provided that the amount of such
performance bonus shall equal the product of (i) the amount of the
performance bonus that would have been payable for the entire fiscal year had
the Executive remained employed for the entire fiscal year and (ii) a
fraction, the numerator of which shall equal the number of days the Executive
was employed hereunder during such fiscal year and the denominator of which
shall equal 365.  7. Fringe Benefits: During the Term of this Agreement, the
Executive shall be entitled to major medical and full hospital insurance for
the Executive, his spouse and immediate dependents, provided that the
Executive and his family are insurable at "standard rates". The Executive
shall also be entitled to such disability, life insurance, and other similar
benefits as may be made available to other senior officers of the Company
under such group benefit plans and/or programs as may be maintained by the
Company from time to time, subject to any eligibility, copayment and waiting
period requirements under or applicable to any such benefit plans and/or
programs. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Company has the
right, in its sole discretion, to amend, modify or terminate any such benefit
plan or program at any time and for any reason or for no reason. The
Executive\'s entitlement to such benefits shall end upon the termination of
his employment with the Company, however caused, except as provided (a) by
applicable law or (b) by the express terms of any such group benefit plan or
program maintained by the Company. As soon as practicable following the
execution hereof, the Company shall obtain DandO; insurance and adopt a stock
option plan and retirement savings plan, consistent with levels
afforded senior management of companies comparable to the Company. Executive
shall be eligible to participate in such plans.    -18-   8. Vacation,
Etc.: During the Term of this Agreement, the Executive shall be entitled to
four (4) weeks paid vacation to be taken at such time or times as shall be
consistent with the proper performance by the Executive of his duties, and
which shall accrue ratably during the fiscal year. No unused
vacation, holidays, sick leave or personal days may be carried forward from
year to year. In the event that the Executive\'s employment terminates by
virtue of "Termination Without Cause", "Resignation for Good Reason", death
or disability, then the Executive shall be entitled to payment for any
accrued but unused vacation days during the year such termination
occurs.  9. Expense Reimbursement; Travel Policy: The Company shall provide
the Executive with such reasonable business lodging and travel expense
reimbursements as are consistent with the Company\'s policies in effect from
time to time as they pertain to senior officers of the Company. All
reimbursements by the Company provided for in this Agreement are conditioned
upon the Executive\'s submission to the Company of reasonably satisfactory
documentation and an itemized account for such expenses within a reasonable
period after they are incurred. Expense reports and requests for
reimbursement which are submitted later than two months after the expense is
incurred will not be reimbursed without the approval of the Company\'s Chief
Executive Officer.  10. Other Benefit Plans: As soon as practicable
following the execution hereof, the Company shall obtain DandO; insurance if
available. Within six months of the date hereof the Company may adopt such
stock option plans, and retirement savings plans and similar benefit plans as
the Board deems appropriate. Executive shall be eligible to participate in
such plans.  11. Death of Executive: In the event of the Executive\'s death
during the Term of this Agreement, the Employer\'s obligations and agreements
under this Agreement shall automatically terminate as of the date of such
death, and in full satisfaction thereof, the Company shall pay to the
Executive\'s estate any base salary and pro rata performance bonus earned and
unpaid through the date of such death and any business expenses or other
fringe benefits or otherwise due to Executive. The Executive\'s estate shall
also be entitled to payment for (i) any bonus earned in the year preceding
such termination but not yet paid and (ii) accrued but unused vacation days
during the year such termination occurs. Such event shall not be deemed a
"Termination Without Cause" as defined below.  12. Disability of Executive:
If the Executive shall, during the term of this Agreement, suffer a
"Disability," (as defined, from time to time, in a disability plan that the
Company may maintain for the benefit of its senior officers (a "Disability
Plan") or, whenever no such Disability Plan exists, as defined in accordance
with the meanings on Exhibit A hereto), then the Employer shall have the
right to terminate this Agreement by written notice of such Disability to the
Executive, whereupon the Employer\'s obligations and agreements under this
Agreement shall automatically terminate as of the date of such notice, and in
full satisfaction thereof, the Company shall pay to the Executive any base
salary and pro rata performance bonus earned and unpaid through the date of
such notice (less any payments received by the Executive under a Disability
Plan) and any business expenses or other fringe benefits otherwise due to
Executive. Executive shall also be entitled to payment for (i) any
bonus earned in the year preceding such termination but not yet paid and (ii)
accrued but unused vacation days during the year such termination occurs. No
such    -19-   termination shall be deemed a "Termination Without Cause"
as defined below. All other obligations of the Employer under this Agreement
shall automatically cease, and the Executive shall not be entitled to any
other salary, payments or benefits otherwise payable under this Agreement,
except as otherwise required by law.  13. Resignation Notice; Termination:
The Executive agrees to give sixty (60) days\' prior written notice to the
Company of any decision by the Executive to resign during the term of this
Agreement (such notice hereinafter referred to as a "Resignation Notice"),
provided, however, that in the case of the Executive\'s resignation for "Good
Reason" as defined in Section 15 below, only fourteen (14) days\' prior
written notice shall be required. The Executive acknowledges and understands
that these notice periods are for the exclusive benefit of the Company, and
do not confer any employment obligation on the Company. If the Company
receives any such Resignation Notice, the Company may elect, in its
sole discretion and for any reason or for no reason, to terminate the
Executive\'s employment, either immediately or at any point during the period
indicated in such notice.  14. Post-Resignation Actions: If the Executive
decides to resign from the Executive\'s employment with the Company, the
Executive agrees to make no public announcement and no statement to persons
or entities doing business with the Company concerning the Executive\'s
departure prior to the Executive\'s termination date without the written
consent of the Company, and to continue faithfully performing and discharging
the Executive\'s duties and responsibilities for the Company from the date of
such Resignation Notice until such termination date.  15. Post-Resignation
Obligations: Except as provided below with respect to resignations for "Good
Reason," no such resignation (or termination by the Company following a
Resignation Notice) shall be deemed to be or treated as if it was a
"Termination Without Cause" as defined below. The Executive agrees
and understands that, in the event of any such resignation (or termination by
the Company following a Resignation Notice), the Executive shall be entitled
to receive the Executive\'s base salary from the Employer at the rate
provided in this Agreement through the date of termination of the
Executive\'s employment and any business expenses otherwise due to Executive.
The Executive shall also be entitled to payment for any (i) bonus earned in
the year preceding such resignation but not yet paid and, in the event of a
"Resignation for Good Reason", accrued but unused vacation days during the
year such resignation occurs. All other obligations of the Employer under
this Agreement shall automatically cease, and the Executive shall not be
entitled to any other salary, payments or benefits otherwise payable under
this Agreement, except as otherwise required by law. The parties further
agree and understand that, in the event of any such resignation (or
termination by the Company following a Resignation Notice), the Executive\'s
obligations and agreements under Sections 19 through 21 hereof shall continue
in full force and effect in the manner and on the terms set forth
herein.  16. Resignation for Good Reason: If the Executive resigns for "Good
Reason" (as defined below), then such a resignation (a "Resignation for Good
Reason") shall be treated hereunder as if it were a "Termination Without
Cause" as defined in Section 16 below. "Good Reason" means any of the
following failures or conditions which shall remain uncured twenty (20) days
after written notice of such failure or condition is received by the Company
from the Executive: (i) the    -20-   failure of the Company to continue
the Executive in the position of the Chief Financial Officer of the Company
(or such other senior executive position as may be offered by the Company and
which the Executive in his sole discretion may accept); (ii) material
diminution by the Company of the Executive\'s responsibilities, duties, or
authority in comparison with the responsibilities, duties and authority held
during the six month period following the Commencement Date, or assignment to
the Executive of any duties inconsistent with the Executive\'s position as
the senior executive officer of the Company (or such other senior executive
position as may be offered by the Company and which the Executive in his sole
discretion may accept); (iii) failure by the Company to pay and provide to
the Executive the compensation and benefits provided for in this Agreement;
or (iv) the requirement that the Executive relocate his residence outside of
New York, New York.  17. Termination Without Cause: The Executive\'s
employment under this Agreement may be terminated at any time by the Company,
without cause, upon fourteen (14) days\' written notice to the Executive
(such termination referred to throughout this Agreement as a "Termination
Without Cause"). In the event of any such Termination Without Cause, the
Company agrees to pay to the Executive as severance pay, an amount equal to
six (6) months\' base salary (at the then current rate), pro rata performance
bonus earned and unpaid through the date of such termination and any business
expenses and other fringe benefits otherwise due to the Executive (the
"Severance Payment"). The Severance Payment shall be payable in six (6) equal
monthly installments commencing on the first day of each month following the
date of termination, provided that the Executive adheres to his obligations
hereunder and in no way disparages the Company, its officers, directors or
affiliates. The Executive shall also be entitled to payment for (i) any bonus
earned in the year preceding such termination but not yet paid and (ii)
accrued but unused vacation days during the year such termination occurs. All
other obligations of the Employer under this Agreement shall automatically
cease, and the Executive shall not be entitled to any other salary, payments
or benefits otherwise payable under this Agreement, except as otherwise
required by law.  18. Termination For Cause: The Employer, upon a vote of
the Company\'s Board of Directors (excluding the Executive) shall be entitled
to immediately terminate the Executive\'s services in any of the following
circumstances, each of which shall constitute "cause" for such
termination:  (a) the breach by Executive, in any material respect, of this
Agreement (including, without limitation, the refusal or other failure by
Executive to perform any of Executive\'s duties hereunder other than a
failure to perform resulting from death or physical or mental disability) and
failure by Executive to cure such breach within ten (10) days of written
notice thereof from the Company;  (b) the commission by Executive of any
act of dishonesty, fraud, intentional material misrepresentation or moral
turpitude in connection with his employment, including, but not limited to,
misappropriation or embezzlement of any funds of the Company or any of its
affiliates;  (c) the commission by Executive of any (1) willful misconduct
or gross negligence, or (2) intentional act having the effect of injuring the
reputation, business or business relationships of the Company or any of its
affiliates, and which intentional act would not reasonably be deemed to be in
the best interests of the Company;    -21-   (d) the entering by the
Executive of a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, or the conviction of
Executive for, a crime (other than a routine traffic offense) which carries a
potential penalty of imprisonment for more than ninety (90) days and/or a
fine in excess of Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000);  (e) Executive\'s abuse of
alcohol, prescription drugs or controlled substances to a degree which
interferes with his performance on behalf of the Company;  (f) Executive\'s
deliberate disregard of any lawful material rule or policy of the Company or
order of the Company\'s Board of Directors and failure to cure the same
within ten (10) days of written notice thereof from the Company; or  (g)
excessive absenteeism of Executive other than for reasons of illness,
after written notice from the Company with respect thereto.   If the
Executive is terminated for any of the causes referred to in the above sub-
paragraphs (a) through (g), all obligations of the Employer under
this Agreement (except for obligations specifically referred to as
continuing) shall automatically cease, and the Executive shall not be
entitled to any salary, payments or other benefits otherwise payable under
this Agreement that arise after the last day of employment. The Executive
shall be entitled to payment for any bonus earned in the year preceding such
termination but not yet paid. The parties further agree and understand that,
in the event of any such Termination for Cause, the Executive\'s obligations
and agreements under Sections 19 through 21 hereof shall continue in full
force and effect in the manner and on the terms set forth herein.  19.
Payment Upon Expiration of Term: In the event that this Agreement expires
by the arrival of an End Date without a prior termination or resignation,
the Company agrees to pay to the Executive his base salary and pro rata
performance bonus earned and unpaid through the date of such expiration and
any business expenses or fringe benefits otherwise due to the Executive.
Executive shall also be entitled to payment for any bonus earned in the year
preceding the expiration of the Agreement but not yet paid and (ii) accrued
but unused vacation days during the year such expiration occurs. All other
payments, benefits or arrangements provided by the Company shall cease
immediately, except as otherwise required by law or the terms of any plan
maintained by the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties further
agree and understand that, in the event of any such expiration, the
Executive\'s obligations and agreements under Sections 19 through 22 hereof
shall continue in full force and effect in the manner and on the terms set
forth herein.  20. Noncompetition:  (a) The Executive expressly
acknowledges that, in order to protect the Company, and persons and entities
that do business with the Company, it is an essential condition of his
employment that the Executive agrees that during the Term of this Agreement
and (unless this Agreement is terminated as a result of a Termination Without
Cause or a Resignation For Good Reason):  for a period of one (1) year
thereafter, the Executive will not directly or indirectly, for his own
account or on behalf of any other person or as an employee, consultant,
manager, agent, broker, stockholder, director or officer of a corporation,
investor, owner, lender, partner, joint venturer, or otherwise engage in any
business which is then directly engaged in the exploration, drilling or
production of natural gas or oil, within the area contemplated in that
certain Area of Mutual Interest Agreement dated November 17, 2003 between the
Company and Vaquero Oil and Gas, Inc.;    -22-   for a period of one (1)
year thereafter (i) solicit, entice or induce any Customer (as defined below)
of the Company to cease or limit its business with the Company (except if and
to the extent directed to do so by the Chairman, Vice Chairman or Board of
Directors of the Company), or to become a customer, supplier, vendor or
client of any other person (including, without limitation, Executive,
individually) or entity engaged in any activity or business competitive with
the Company if as a consequence thereof such party shall reduce the business
it does with the Company or (ii) interfere with the relationship between the
Company and any Customer, and Executive shall not cause, assist or facilitate
any person or entity in taking any such prohibited actions;  for a period of
one (1) year thereafter, solicit, attempt to solicit or entice away from the
Company\'s employment, any employee of the Company, or disrupt or interfere
with, or attempt to disrupt or interfere with, the Company\'s relationship
with any such person, and Executive shall not cause, assist or facilitate any
person or entity in taking any such prohibited action;  disparage the
Company or any of its shareholders, directors, officers, employees or agents
or take any actions that are harmful to the Company\'s goodwill with its
customers, employees or the public; and  engage in any act or practice the
purpose of which is to evade the provisions of this covenant not to compete
or to commit any act which adversely affects the business of the Company.  
For purposes of this Agreement, a "Customer" of the Company shall mean any
person or entity, who or which is, or was at any time within the prior one
year period, a purchaser of goods or services from the Company, a
landlord, sublandlord, licensor, licensee or supplier of (or prospective
purchaser, landlord, sublandlord, licensor, licensee or supplier, provided
the Company was in active discussions with such party prior to the
termination of this Agreement), to or from the Company, as the case may
be.  (b) It is understood by the Executive that the covenants contained in
this Section 19 are essential elements of this Agreement and that, but for
the agreement of the Executive to comply with such covenants, the Company
would not have agreed to enter into this Agreement and would not pay
Executive the agreed compensation for his services. Executive acknowledges
that the provisions of this Section 21 are reasonable and necessary for the
protection of the Company and that enforcement of the provisions of this
Section 19 shall not result in an unreasonable deprivation of the right of
Executive to earn a living. The existence of any claim or cause of action of
Executive against the Company, whether predicated on this Agreement or
otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company
of such covenants. The covenants of Executive in this Section 21 shall be
construed as agreements independent of any provision in this Agreement. In
the event a court of competent jurisdiction determines that the provisions of
this Section 19 are excessively broad as to    -23-   duration,
geographical scope or activity, it is expressly agreed that Section 19 shall
be construed so that the remaining provisions shall not be affected,
but shall remain in full force and effect, and any such overbroad provisions
shall be deemed, without further action on the part of any person, to be
modified, amended and/or limited, but only to the extent necessary to render
the same valid and enforceable in such jurisdiction.  21. Non-Disclosure of
Confidential Information:  (a) The Executive acknowledges and agrees that
the Executive\'s services for the Company shall bring the Executive into
contact with sensitive or secret information relating to the Company, its
successors, subsidiaries, assigns, officers, Executives, associated entities
and/or agents including, but not limited to (i) information concerning the
objectives, plans, commitments, contracts, leases, operations, executives,
methods, market investigations, surveys, research, records, and costs and
prices of the Company and/or the Company\'s subsidiaries or associated
entities, (ii) information concerning the identities, objectives, plans,
preferences, needs, requests, specifications, commitments, contracts,
operations, methods and records of the Company\'s and/or its subsidiaries\'
or associated entities\' lenders, prospective lenders, investors, owners
and/or prospective owners, and (iii) any and all information, trade secrets
or ideas that give the Company or its subsidiaries or associated entities the
opportunity to obtain an advantage over such competitors of the Company or of
such subsidiaries or associated entities that do not know or use such
information, trade secrets or ideas (the "Confidential Information").  (b)
The Executive further understands and acknowledges that
Confidential Information includes not only recorded or written information,
but information that the Executive can recall or reconstruct from the
Executive\'s memory.  (c) The Executive agrees that he will, at all times,
faithfully hold all such Confidential Information in the strictest of
confidence and will, at all times, use his best efforts and highest diligence
to keep such Confidential Information secret, to guard against its
disclosure, and never, directly or indirectly, to disclose or divulge any
such Confidential Information to any person, company, firm or other entity,
or to use the same, except that (i) the Executive may use Confidential
Information as necessary to perform his duties of employment with the
Company, (ii) the Executive may disclose Confidential Information to
those within the Company who have a need to know it in the performance of
their duties for the Company, (iii) the Executive may disclose Confidential
Information to parties outside the Company when, as and if he is expressly
directed to do so by the Executive\'s supervisors within the Company, and
(iv) the Executive may disclose Confidential Information as expressly
directed by judicial process, provided that the Executive has promptly, and
prior to making such disclosure, provided a copy of such judicial process to
the Company and the Company does not intervene to oppose such disclosure. The
Executive shall use his best efforts to afford the Company sufficient time to
intervene to oppose any such disclosure, including, if necessary, seeking
reasonable extensions of the Executive\'s time to make such
disclosure.  (d) The Executive shall continue to abide by all of his
obligations under this Agreement respecting Confidential Information not only
during his employment with the Company, but also for all time after any
termination, resignation or expiration of his employment with the Company,
however caused.    -24-   (e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, after any
termination or resignation of the Executive from his employment with the
Company, Confidential Information shall not include, and the Executive shall
not be restricted from divulging or using, any information which the
Executive can demonstrate (i) is or becomes generally available to the public
other than as a result of a disclosure by the Executive, (ii) was available
to the Executive on a non-confidential basis prior to its disclosure to the
Executive by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or associated entities,
or (iii) becomes available to the Executive on a non-confidential basis from
a source other than the Company or any of its subsidiaries or associated
entities, provided, however, that such source was not bound by a
confidentiality agreement with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or
associated entities, or was not otherwise prohibited from transmitting
such information to the Executive.  (f) The Executive agrees that upon any
termination, resignation or expiration of his employment with the Company,
however caused, the Executive shall deliver to the Company all writings,
documents, recordings, computer discs or other media of recordation or
storage in his possession, custody or control containing any Confidential
Information (including, without limitation, all duplicates and copies), shall
relinquish access to any computer maintained by or for the benefit of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries or associated entities, and shall purge
all such Confidential Information (in whatever form, including electronic
data) from any electronic media or storage devices, including computers, in
the Executive\'s possession, custody or control. To insure compliance with
this Agreement, at the time of such termination, resignation or expiration,
the Executive shall provide the Company with a sworn statement,
duly notarized, that the Executive has performed each and every agreement
and obligation contained or referred to in this Section.  22. Company
Property: All inventions, improvements, systems, designs, ideas, business
plans, sales techniques, approaches, surveys, prospect books, publications,
memoranda, customer lists, files, notes, records, videotapes or any other
business documentation or products (including, without
limitation, Confidential Information) that the Executive makes or conceives
(either individually or jointly with others) or that are made available to
the Executive during his employment with the Company and until any
termination, resignation or expiration of such employment for any reason,
relating to and connected with his employment, or that the Executive utilizes
in carrying out his duties or responsibilities to the Company (the
"Property"), shall be the Company\'s exclusive property, and the Executive
assigns to the Company all of his rights, if any, in and to all such
Property.  23. Trade Names, Trademarks and Copyright: During his employment
with the Company, and continuing for all time after any termination,
resignation or expiration of such employment for any reason, the Executive
agrees that he shall never have or claim any right, title or interest in any
trade name, trademark or copyright (statutory or common law) belonging to or
used by the Company, its subsidiaries, successors, assigns or associated
entities, and shall never have or claim any right, title or interest in any
material or matter of any sort, prepared for or used in connection with
advertising, solicitation, circulation, editorial content or promotion of the
business of the Company, its subsidiaries, successors, assigns or associated
entities, whether produced, prepared or published in whole or in part by the
Executive. The Executive recognizes that the Company and/or its subsidiaries
or associated entities now have and shall hereafter have and retain sole and
exclusive rights in and to any and all such trade names, trademarks,
copyrights, material and matter.    -25-   24. Injunctive Relief: The
Executive expressly acknowledges and agrees that the Property and the
Confidential Information are of a special, unique, unusual, extraordinary and
intellectual character which gives them a peculiar value, and that a breach
by the Executive of any of the restrictive covenants contained in paragraphs
19 through 21 herein will cause the Company irreparable injury and damage for
which there is no adequate remedy available at law. The Executive further
expressly acknowledges and agrees that the Company shall be entitled,
in addition to any remedies available at law, to injunctive or other
equitable relief to require specific performance, or to prevent a breach, of
any provision of this Agreement by the Executive without any requirement or
showing that the Company has suffered any damages from such breach.  25.
Further Instruments: Each of the Company and the Executive shall
execute, acknowledge, deliver and procure the execution, acknowledgment and
delivery to the other of any and all further instruments which the other may
reasonably deem necessary or expedient to carry out or effectuate the
purposes or intent of this Agreement.  26. Successors and Assigns: This
Agreement shall not be assignable by the Company without the prior consent of
the Executive, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. For purposes of this
Agreement a transfer of this Agreement in connection with a merger, sale of a
majority of the outstanding shares or consolidation of the Company or a sale
of substantially all of the Company assets shall not constitute an
assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon the successors, heirs,
executors and personal representatives of Executive. This Agreement
contemplates the rendition of personal services by Executive and is not
assignable by the Executive.  27. Savings Clause: If any term or provision
of this Agreement or the application thereof to any person or circumstance
shall, to any extent, be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this
Agreement, or the application of such term or provision to persons or
circumstances other than those as to which it is held invalid or
unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and each term and provision of
this Agreement shall be valid and be enforced to the fullest extent permitted
by law. The Company\'s rights and remedies provided for in this Agreement or
by law shall, to the extent permitted by law, be cumulative.  28. Governing
Law and Construction: Any and all differences and disputes of whatever nature
arising out of or relating to this Agreement (including, without limitation,
the negotiation, execution, performance or termination of this Agreement)
shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware applicable
to contracts made, negotiated and to be performed entirely in such State
without giving effect to its principles of conflicts of laws. With respect to
all such differences and disputes, the parties agree and consent to be
subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located
in the State of Texas and consent to the exclusive venue of Texas.   
-26-   29. Notices: All notices to be given under this Agreement shall be
in writing and shall be given by hand, by overnight courier services which
obtain acknowledgment of receipt or by certified or registered mail, return
receipt requested, addressed to the party receiving such notice (each of the
foregoing being referred to as "Written Notice"), or by facsimile
transmission, such transmission being effective as of the date thereof if
followed within ten (10) business days by Written Notice, as follows:  (a)
if to the Company, to the Company\'s address set forth above, with a copy
to Eaton and Van Winkle, 3 Park Avenue, 16th Floor, New York, New York, 10016,
Att: Matthew S. Cohen, Esq;  (b) if to the Executive, to the Executive\'s
address set forth above; or  (c) to either party at such other addresses as
shall have been specified in a notice similarly given.  30. Freedom to
Execute Agreement: The Company and the Executive each represent, warrant and
agree that they are free to enter into this Agreement, and that they are not
subject to any obligations or disability which would prevent them from or
interfere with their fully keeping and performing all of the covenants
and conditions to be kept or performed under such agreements. The Company
and Executive further represent, warrant and agree that they have not made
and will not make any grant or assignment which conflicts with or impairs the
complete enjoyment of the rights and privileges granted to the Company and
the Executive under this Agreement. The Executive has had the opportunity to
consult with his personal attorney and to negotiate this Agreement at "arms-
length".  31. Entire Agreement: This Agreement and the agreements annexed as
appendices hereto are intended together to constitute the entire agreement
between the Company and the Executive relating to the subject matters of such
agreements, and all prior negotiations and understandings of the parties have
been merged in such agreements. No modification of any such agreements shall
be valid unless in writing and executed by the parties hereto. This Agreement
supersedes in its entirety the Employment Agreement between the Company and
Executive dated December 1, 2003 which is void and of no further force and
effect.  32. Waiver of Breach: The waiver of a breach or default of or under
any provision of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any other
such breach or default of any kind or nature.  33. Approvals: This
Agreement has been approved by the necessary vote of the Company\'s Board of
Directors of the Company.    -27-    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have signed this Agreement as of the date above written.  Employer:
Executive: DUNE ENERGY, INC.   By:  -----------------------------
-----------------------------  Alan Gaines Richard Cohen  Chief Executive
Officer     Exhibit A   For the purposes of this Employment Agreement,
whenever the term "Disability" is not defined in a Disability Plan that the
Company may maintain for the benefit of its senior officers, that term shall
mean that, for a period of "120 continuous days", the Executive is "limited"
form performing the "material and substantial duties" of his "regular
occupation" due to his "sickness" or "injury."   For purposes of this
definition:   "120 continuous days" shall mean 120 days of sickness or
injury which meets all of the other criteria for a Disability as defined
herein, with no lapse of greater than 30 days (consecutively or in the
aggregate);   "limited" from performing a duty or function means that the
Executive is unable to perform such duty or function;   "material and
substantial duties" means duties that are normally required for the
performance of the Executive\'s "regular occupation" and cannot be reasonably
omitted or modified;   "regular occupation" means all of the functions that
the Executive was routinely performing prior to the onset of the condition or
conditions that resulted in the Company\'s decision to terminate the
Executive\'s employment for reasons related to Disability;   "sickness"
means any illness or disease that renders the Executive incapable of
performing material and substantial duties of his employment under the
Employment Agreement; and   "injury" means a bodily injury that is the
direct result of an accident and not related to any other cause.   
-29-    EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT  EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT dated as of May __,
2004 (this "Agreement") between Dune Energy, Inc., a Delaware corporation
having its principal place of business at 1330 Post Oak Blvd., Houston, Texas
77056 (the "Employer" or the "Company"), and Amiel David, an individual
residing in the State of Texas (the "Executive").   WHEREAS, the Company and
Executive desire that Executive\'s relationship with the Company be governed
by this Agreement and by the exhibits annexed hereto;   NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, and
for other good and valuable consideration, the parties agree as
follows:  1. Employment: The Employer hereby employs the Executive and the
Executive hereby accepts employment upon the terms and conditions hereinafter
set forth.  2. Title; Responsibilities; Reporting: During the Term of this
Agreement, the Executive shall diligently and faithfully: (a) serve the
Company in the capacity of President/Chief Operating Officer, and/or in
whatever similar executive capacities as shall from time to time be assigned
to the Executive by the Company\'s Board of Directors or by such other
person(s) as directed by the Board of Directors; (b) report directly to the
Company\'s Chairman; (c) discharge and carry out all duties and
responsibilities as may from time to time be assigned, and such directions as
may from time to time be given, to the Executive by the Company\'s Chairman
and/or Board of Directors and (d) abide by and carry out the policies and
programs of the Company in existence or as the same may be changed from time
to time.  3. Exclusivity: All services to be provided by the Executive under
this Agreement shall be performed by the Executive personally. During the
term of this Agreement, the Executive shall devote substantially all of the
Executive\'s business time, attention and energies and all of his skills,
learnings and best efforts to the business of Company, except that he may
devote up to five hours of his business time per week to other activities,
provided such does not interfere with his duties to the Company. At all times
during the term of this Agreement, the services required of Executive and the
location at which he performs such services shall not require that he reside
outside of Houston, Texas, except for travel in the ordinary course.  4.
Term: The initial term of this Agreement shall commence as of May __,
2004 (the "Commencement Date") and shall end on May 31, 2005, unless sooner
extended by agreement of the parties or terminated in accordance with the
provisions of this Agreement. The date on which this Agreement is scheduled
to expire (i.e. May 31, 2005 or such later date to which this Agreement may
be extended by agreement of the parties) is referred to as the "End Date". No
more than one hundred twenty (120) nor less than and sixty (60) days prior to
the an End Date (each such sixty (60) day period is referred to as a
"Renegotiation Period"), the Company and the Executive may agree in writing
to extend this Agreement for an additional term. If during any Renegotiation
Period the Company and Executive fail to agree upon an extension of this
Agreement, this Agreement shall terminate as of the End Date of the then
current term notwithstanding the provision of services by Executive after the
end of the then current term. The term of this Agreement, whether as
originally scheduled, extended by agreement or shortened pursuant to a
termination in accordance herewith is referred to as the "Term."  5. Base
Compensation: The Employer shall pay to the Executive a base salary at the
rate of $175,000 per year, subject to increase at the discretion of the Board
of Directors of the Company. The salary shall be paid in monthly installments
on the first day of each month and shall be subject to such deductions by the
Employer as are required to be made pursuant to law,   
-30-   government regulations or order. The Executive understands and
agrees that the Executive is an exempt Executive as that term is applied for
purposes of Federal or State wage and hour laws, and further understands that
the Executive shall not be entitled to any compensatory time off or other
compensation for overtime.  6. Performance Bonus: The Executive shall earn a
minimum performance bonus of $25,000 with respect to each fiscal year of the
Company\'s operation that ends during the Term of this Agreement, based on
the Company achieving EBITDA (earning before interest, taxes, depreciation
and amortization) in excess of $1,000,000 during such fiscal year, as
calculated by the Company\'s auditors in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. Performance bonuses earned hereunder shall be payable
in cash thirty (30) days after delivery by the Company\'s auditors of audited
financial statements for such fiscal year, but in no event later than sixty
(60) days after the end of the applicable fiscal year. Where the Executive\'s
employment hereunder is terminated prior to the end of a fiscal year by
reason of death, "Disability" (as defined on Exhibit A attached hereto),
expiration of the term hereof, "Termination Without Cause" (as defined in
Section 17 below), or "Resignation for Good Reason" (as defined in Section
16 below), then the Executive shall still be eligible for payment of a
performance bonus for such fiscal year, provided that the amount of such
performance bonus shall equal the product of (i) the amount of the
performance bonus that would have been payable for the entire fiscal year had
the Executive remained employed for the entire fiscal year and (ii) a
fraction, the numerator of which shall equal the number of days the Executive
was employed hereunder during such fiscal year and the denominator of which
shall equal 365.  7. Fringe Benefits: During the Term of this Agreement, the
Executive shall be entitled to major medical and full hospital insurance for
the Executive, his spouse and immediate dependents, provided that the
Executive and his family are insurable at "standard rates". The Executive
shall also be entitled to such disability, life insurance, and other similar
benefits as may be made available to other senior officers of the Company
under such group benefit plans and/or programs as may be maintained by the
Company from time to time, subject to any eligibility, copayment and waiting
period requirements under or applicable to any such benefit plans and/or
programs. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Company has the
right, in its sole discretion, to amend, modify or terminate any such benefit
plan or program at any time and for any reason or for no reason. The
Executive\'s entitlement to such benefits shall end upon the termination of
his employment with the Company, however caused, except as provided (a) by
applicable law or (b) by the express terms of any such group benefit plan or
program maintained by the Company.  8. Vacation, Etc.: During the Term of
this Agreement, the Executive shall be entitled to four (4) weeks paid
vacation to be taken at such time or times as shall be consistent with the
proper performance by the Executive of his duties, and which shall accrue
ratably during the fiscal year. No unused vacation, holidays, sick leave or
personal days may be carried forward from year to year. In the event that the
Executive\'s employment terminates by virtue of "Termination Without Cause",
"Resignation for Good Reason", death or disability, then the Executive shall
be entitled to payment for any accrued but unused vacation days during the
year such termination occurs.  9. Expense Reimbursement; Travel Policy: The
Company shall provide the Executive with such reasonable business lodging and
travel expense reimbursements as are consistent with the Company\'s policies
in effect from time to time as they pertain to senior officers of the
Company. All reimbursements by the Company provided for in this Agreement are
conditioned upon the Executive\'s submission to the Company of reasonably
satisfactory documentation and an itemized account for such expenses within a
reasonable period after they are incurred. Expense reports and requests for
reimbursement which are submitted later than two months after the expense is
incurred will not be reimbursed without the approval of the Company\'s Chief
Financial Officer.    -31-   10. Other Benefit Plans: As soon as
practicable following the execution hereof, the Company shall obtain DandO;
insurance if available. Within six months of the date hereof the Company may
adopt such stock option plans, and retirement savings plans and similar
benefit plans as the Board deems appropriate. Executive shall be eligible to
participate in such plans.  11. Death of Executive: In the event of the
Executive\'s death during the Term of this Agreement, the Employer\'s
obligations and agreements under this Agreement shall automatically terminate
as of the date of such death, and in full satisfaction thereof, the Company
shall pay to the Executive\'s estate any base salary and pro rata performance
bonus earned and unpaid through the date of such death and any business
expenses or other fringe benefits or otherwise due to Executive. The
Executive\'s estate shall also be entitled to payment for (i) any bonus
earned in the year preceding such termination but not yet paid and
(ii) accrued but unused vacation days during the year such termination
occurs. Such event shall not be deemed a "Termination Without Cause" as
defined below.  12. Disability of Executive: If the Executive shall, during
the term of this Agreement, suffer a "Disability," (as defined, from time to
time, in a disability plan that the Company may maintain for the benefit of
its senior officers (a "Disability Plan") or, whenever no such Disability
Plan exists, as defined in accordance with the meanings on Exhibit A hereto),
then the Employer shall have the right to terminate this Agreement by written
notice of such Disability to the Executive, whereupon the Employer\'s
obligations and agreements under this Agreement shall automatically terminate
as of the date of such notice, and in full satisfaction thereof, the Company
shall pay to the Executive any base salary and pro rata performance bonus
earned and unpaid through the date of such notice (less any payments received
by the Executive under a Disability Plan) and any business expenses or other
fringe benefits otherwise due to Executive. Executive shall also be entitled
to payment for (i) any bonus earned in the year preceding such termination
but not yet paid and (ii) accrued but unused vacation days during the year
such termination occurs. No such termination shall be deemed a "Termination
Without Cause" as defined below. All other obligations of the Employer under
this Agreement shall automatically cease, and the Executive shall not be
entitled to any other salary, payments or benefits otherwise payable under
this Agreement, except as otherwise required by law.  13. Resignation
Notice; Termination: The Executive agrees to give sixty (60) days\' prior
written notice to the Company of any decision by the Executive to resign
during the term of this Agreement (such notice hereinafter referred to as a
"Resignation Notice"), provided, however, that in the case of the
Executive\'s resignation for "Good Reason" as defined in Section 16 below,
only fourteen (14) days\' prior written notice shall be required. The
Executive acknowledges and understands that these notice periods are for the
exclusive benefit of the Company, and do not confer any employment obligation
on the Company. If the Company receives any such Resignation Notice, the
Company may elect, in its sole discretion and for any reason or for no
reason, to terminate the Executive\'s employment, either immediately or at
any point during the period indicated in such notice.  14. Post-Resignation
Actions: If the Executive decides to resign from the Executive\'s employment
with the Company, the Executive agrees to make no public announcement and no
statement to persons or entities doing business with the Company concerning
the Executive\'s departure prior to the Executive\'s termination date without
the written consent of the Company, and to continue faithfully performing and
discharging the Executive\'s duties and responsibilities for the Company from
the date of such Resignation Notice until such termination date.  15. Post-
Resignation Obligations: Except as provided below with respect
to resignations for "Good Reason," no such resignation (or termination by
the Company following a Resignation Notice) shall be deemed to be or treated
as if it was a "Termination Without Cause" as defined below. The Executive
agrees and understands that, in the event of any such resignation (or
termination by the Company following a Resignation Notice), the Executive
shall be entitled to receive the Executive\'s base salary from the Employer
at the rate provided in    -32-   this Agreement through the date of
termination of the Executive\'s employment and any business expenses
otherwise due to Executive. The Executive shall also be entitled to payment
for any (i) bonus earned in the year preceding such resignation but not yet
paid and, in the event of a "Resignation for Good Reason", accrued but unused
vacation days during the year such resignation occurs. All other obligations
of the Employer under this Agreement shall automatically cease, and the
Executive shall not be entitled to any other salary, payments or benefits
otherwise payable under this Agreement, except as otherwise required by law.
The parties further agree and understand that, in the event of any such
resignation (or termination by the Company following a Resignation Notice),
the Executive\'s obligations and agreements under Sections 20 through 23
hereof shall continue in full force and effect in the manner and on the terms
set forth herein.  16. Resignation for Good Reason: If the Executive resigns
for "Good Reason" (as defined below), then such a resignation (a "Resignation
for Good Reason") shall be treated hereunder as if it were a "Termination
Without Cause" as defined in Section 17 below. "Good Reason" means any of the
following failures or conditions which shall remain uncured twenty (20) days
after written notice of such failure or condition is received by the Company
from the Executive: (i) the failure of the Company to continue the Executive
in the position of President/Chief Operating Officer of the Company (or such
other senior executive position as may be offered by the Company and which
the Executive in his sole discretion may accept); (ii) material diminution by
the Company of the Executive\'s responsibilities, duties, or authority in
comparison with the responsibilities, duties and authority held during the
six month period following the Commencement Date, or assignment to the
Executive of any duties inconsistent with the Executive\'s position as the
senior executive officer of the Company (or such other senior executive
position as may be offered by the Company and which the Executive in his sole
discretion may accept); (iii) failure by the Company to pay and provide to
the Executive the compensation and benefits provided for in this Agreement;
or (iv) the requirement that Executive relocate his residence outside of
Houston, Texas.  17. Termination Without Cause: The Executive\'s employment
under this Agreement may be terminated at any time by the Company, without
cause, upon fourteen (14) days\' written notice to the Executive (such
termination referred to throughout this Agreement as a "Termination Without
Cause"). In the event of any such Termination Without Cause, the Company
agrees to pay to the Executive as severance pay, an amount equal to twelve
(12) months\' base salary (at the then current rate), pro rata performance
bonus earned and unpaid through the date of such termination and any business
expenses and other fringe benefits otherwise due to the Executive (the
"Severance Payment"). The Severance Payment shall be payable in six (6) equal
monthly installments commencing on the first day of each month following the
date of termination, provided that the Executive adheres to his obligations
hereunder and in no way disparages the Company, its officers, directors or
affiliates. The Executive shall also be entitled to payment for (i) any bonus
earned in the year preceding such termination but not yet paid and (ii)
accrued but unused vacation days during the year such termination occurs. All
other obligations of the Employer under this Agreement shall automatically
cease, and the Executive shall not be entitled to any other salary, payments
or benefits otherwise payable under this Agreement, except as otherwise
required by law.  18. Termination For Cause: The Employer, upon a vote of
the Company\'s Board of Directors (excluding the Executive) shall be entitled
to immediately terminate the Executive\'s services in any of the following
circumstances, each of which shall constitute "cause" for such
termination:  (a) the breach by Executive, in any material respect, of this
Agreement (including, without limitation, the refusal or other failure by
Executive to perform any of Executive\'s duties hereunder other than a
failure to perform resulting from death or physical or mental disability) and
failure by Executive to cure such breach within ten (10) days of written
notice thereof from the Company;    -33-   (b) the commission by
Executive of any act of dishonesty, fraud, intentional material
misrepresentation or moral turpitude in connection with his
employment, including, but not limited to, misappropriation or embezzlement
of any funds of the Company or any of its affiliates;  (c) the commission
by Executive of any (1) willful misconduct or gross negligence, or (2)
intentional act having the effect of injuring the reputation, business or
business relationships of the Company or any of its affiliates, and which
intentional act would not reasonably be deemed to be in the best interests of
the Company;  (d) the entering by the Executive of a plea of guilty or nolo
contendere to, or the conviction of Executive for, a crime (other than a
routine traffic offense) which carries a potential penalty of imprisonment
for more than ninety (90) days and/or a fine in excess of Ten Thousand
Dollars ($10,000);  (e) Executive\'s abuse of alcohol, prescription drugs or
controlled substances to a degree which interferes with his performance on
behalf of the Company;  (f) Executive\'s deliberate disregard of any lawful
material rule or policy of the Company or order of the Company\'s Board of
Directors and failure to cure the same within ten (10) days of written notice
thereof from the Company; or  (g) excessive absenteeism of Executive other
than for reasons of illness, after written notice from the Company with
respect thereto.   If the Executive is terminated for any of the causes
referred to in the above sub-paragraphs (a) through (g), all obligations of
the Employer under this Agreement (except for obligations specifically
referred to as continuing) shall automatically cease, and the Executive shall
not be entitled to any salary, payments or other benefits otherwise payable
under this Agreement that arise after the last day of employment. The
Executive shall be entitled to payment for any bonus earned in the year
preceding such termination but not yet paid. The parties further agree and
understand that, in the event of any such Termination for Cause, the
Executive\'s obligations and agreements under Sections 21 through 24 hereof
shall continue in full force and effect in the manner and on the terms set
forth herein.  19. Payment Upon Expiration of Term: In the event that this
Agreement expires by the arrival of an End Date without a prior termination
or resignation, the Company agrees to pay to the Executive his base salary
and pro rata performance bonus earned and unpaid through the date of such
expiration and any business expenses or fringe benefits otherwise due to the
Executive. Executive shall also be entitled to payment for any bonus earned
in the year preceding the expiration of the Agreement but not yet paid and
(ii) accrued but unused vacation days during the year such expiration occurs.
All other payments, benefits or arrangements provided by the Company shall
cease immediately, except as otherwise required by law or the terms of any
plan maintained by the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties
further agree and understand that, in the event of any such expiration, the
Executive\'s obligations and agreements under Sections 20 through 23 hereof
shall continue in full force and effect in the manner and on the terms set
forth herein.  20. Noncompetition:  (a) The Executive expressly
acknowledges that, in order to protect the Company, and persons and entities
that do business with the Company, it is an essential condition of his
employment that the Executive agrees that during the Term of this Agreement
and (unless this Agreement is terminated as a result of a Termination Without
Cause or a Resignation For Good Reason):  for a period of one (1) year
thereafter, the Executive will not directly or indirectly, for his own
account or on behalf of any other person or as an employee, consultant,
manager, agent, broker, stockholder, director or officer of a corporation,
investor, owner, lender, partner, joint venturer, or otherwise   
-34-   engage in any business which is then directly engaged in the
exploration, drilling or production of natural gas or oil, within the area
contemplated in that certain Area of Mutual Interest Agreement dated November
17, 2003 between the Company and Vaquero Oil and Gas, Inc.;  for a period of
one (1) year thereafter (i) solicit, entice or induce any Customer (as
defined below) of the Company to cease or limit its business with the Company
(except if and to the extent directed to do so by the Chairman, Vice Chairman
or Board of Directors of the Company), or to become a customer, supplier,
vendor or client of any other person (including, without
limitation, Executive, individually) or entity engaged in any activity or
business competitive with the Company if as a consequence thereof such party
shall reduce the business it does with the Company or (ii) interfere with the
relationship between the Company and any Customer, and Executive shall not
cause, assist or facilitate any person or entity in taking any such
prohibited actions;  for a period of one (1) year thereafter, solicit,
attempt to solicit or entice away from the Company\'s employment, any
employee of the Company, or disrupt or interfere with, or attempt to disrupt
or interfere with, the Company\'s relationship with any such person, and
Executive shall not cause, assist or facilitate any person or entity in
taking any such prohibited action;  disparage the Company or any of its
shareholders, directors, officers, employees or agents or take any actions
that are harmful to the Company\'s goodwill with its customers, employees or
the public; and  engage in any act or practice the purpose of which is to
evade the provisions of this covenant not to compete or to commit any act
which adversely affects the business of the Company.   For purposes of this
Agreement, a "Customer" of the Company shall mean any person or entity, who
or which is, or was at any time within the prior one year period, a purchaser
of goods or services from the Company, a landlord, sublandlord, licensor,
licensee or supplier of (or prospective purchaser, landlord, sublandlord,
licensor, licensee or supplier, provided the Company was in active
discussions with such party prior to the termination of this Agreement), to
or from the Company, as the case may be.  (b) It is understood by the
Executive that the covenants contained in this Section 21 are essential
elements of this Agreement and that, but for the agreement of the Executive
to comply with such covenants, the Company would not have agreed to enter
into this Agreement and would not pay Executive the agreed compensation for
his services. Executive acknowledges that the provisions of this Section 21
are reasonable and necessary for the protection of the Company and that
enforcement of the provisions of this Section 21 shall not result in
an unreasonable deprivation of the right of Executive to earn a living.
The existence of any claim or cause of action of Executive against the
Company, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not
constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company of such covenants. The
covenants of Executive in this Section 21 shall be construed as agreements
independent of any provision in this Agreement. In the event a court of
competent jurisdiction determines that the provisions of this Section 21 are
excessively broad as to duration, geographical scope or activity, it is
expressly agreed that Section 21 shall be construed so that the remaining
provisions shall not be affected, but shall remain in full force and effect,
and any such overbroad provisions shall be deemed, without further action on
the part of any person, to be modified, amended and/or limited, but only to
the extent necessary to render the same valid and enforceable in such
jurisdiction.    -35-   21. Non-Disclosure of Confidential
Information:  (a) The Executive acknowledges and agrees that the
Executive\'s services for the Company shall bring the Executive into contact
with sensitive or secret information relating to the Company, its successors,
subsidiaries, assigns, officers, Executives, associated entities and/or
agents including, but not limited to (i) information concerning the
objectives, plans, commitments, contracts, leases, operations, executives,
methods, market investigations, surveys, research, records, and costs and
prices of the Company and/or the Company\'s subsidiaries or associated
entities, (ii) information concerning the identities, objectives, plans,
preferences, needs, requests, specifications, commitments, contracts,
operations, methods and records of the Company\'s and/or its subsidiaries\'
or associated entities\' lenders, prospective lenders, investors, owners
and/or prospective owners, and (iii) any and all information, trade secrets
or ideas that give the Company or its subsidiaries or associated entities the
opportunity to obtain an advantage over such competitors of the Company or of
such subsidiaries or associated entities that do not know or use such
information, trade secrets or ideas (the "Confidential Information").  (b)
The Executive further understands and acknowledges that
Confidential Information includes not only recorded or written information,
but information that the Executive can recall or reconstruct from the
Executive\'s memory.  (c) The Executive agrees that he will, at all times,
faithfully hold all such Confidential Information in the strictest of
confidence and will, at all times, use his best efforts and highest diligence
to keep such Confidential Information secret, to guard against its
disclosure, and never, directly or indirectly, to disclose or divulge any
such Confidential Information to any person, company, firm or other entity,
or to use the same, except that (i) the Executive may use Confidential
Information as necessary to perform his duties of employment with the
Company, (ii) the Executive may disclose Confidential Information to
those within the Company who have a need to know it in the performance of
their duties for the Company, (iii) the Executive may disclose Confidential
Information to parties outside the Company when, as and if he is expressly
directed to do so by the Executive\'s supervisors within the Company, and
(iv) the Executive may disclose Confidential Information as expressly
directed by judicial process, provided that the Executive has promptly, and
prior to making such disclosure, provided a copy of such judicial process to
the Company and the Company does not intervene to oppose such disclosure. The
Executive shall use his best efforts to afford the Company sufficient time to
intervene to oppose any such disclosure, including, if necessary, seeking
reasonable extensions of the Executive\'s time to make such
disclosure.  (d) The Executive shall continue to abide by all of his
obligations under this Agreement respecting Confidential Information not only
during his employment with the Company, but also for all time after any
termination, resignation or expiration of his employment with the Company,
however caused.  (e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, after any termination or
resignation of the Executive from his employment with the Company,
Confidential Information shall not include, and the Executive shall not be
restricted from divulging or using, any information which the Executive can
demonstrate (i) is or becomes generally available to the public other than as
a result of a disclosure by the Executive, (ii) was available to the
Executive on a non-confidential basis prior to its disclosure to the
Executive by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or associated entities,
or (iii) becomes available to the Executive on a non-confidential basis from
a source other than the Company or any of its subsidiaries or associated
entities, provided, however, that such source was not bound by a
confidentiality agreement with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or
associated entities, or was not otherwise prohibited from transmitting
such information to the Executive.  (f) The Executive agrees that upon any
termination, resignation or expiration of his employment with the Company,
however caused, the Executive shall deliver to the Company all writings,
documents, recordings, computer discs or other media of recordation or
storage in his possession, custody or control containing any Confidential
Information (including, without limitation, all duplicates and copies), shall
relinquish access to any computer maintained by or for the   
-36-   benefit of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or associated
entities, and shall purge all such Confidential Information (in whatever
form, including electronic data) from any electronic media or storage
devices, including computers, in the Executive\'s possession, custody or
control. To insure compliance with this Agreement, at the time of such
termination, resignation or expiration, the Executive shall provide the
Company with a sworn statement, duly notarized, that the Executive has
performed each and every agreement and obligation contained or referred to in
this Section.  22. Company Property: All inventions, improvements, systems,
designs, ideas, business plans, sales techniques, approaches, surveys,
prospect books, publications, memoranda, customer lists, files, notes,
records, videotapes or any other business documentation or products
(including, without limitation, Confidential Information) that the Executive
makes or conceives (either individually or jointly with others) or that are
made available to the Executive during his employment with the Company and
until any termination, resignation or expiration of such employment for any
reason, relating to and connected with his employment, or that the Executive
utilizes in carrying out his duties or responsibilities to the Company (the
"Property"), shall be the Company\'s exclusive property, and the Executive
assigns to the Company all of his rights, if any, in and to all such
Property.  23. Trade Names, Trademarks and Copyright: During his employment
with the Company, and continuing for all time after any termination,
resignation or expiration of such employment for any reason, the Executive
agrees that he shall never have or claim any right, title or interest in any
trade name, trademark or copyright (statutory or common law) belonging to or
used by the Company, its subsidiaries, successors, assigns or associated
entities, and shall never have or claim any right, title or interest in any
material or matter of any sort, prepared for or used in connection with
advertising, solicitation, circulation, editorial content or promotion of the
business of the Company, its subsidiaries, successors, assigns or associated
entities, whether produced, prepared or published in whole or in part by the
Executive. The Executive recognizes that the Company and/or its subsidiaries
or associated entities now have and shall hereafter have and retain sole and
exclusive rights in and to any and all such trade names, trademarks,
copyrights, material and matter.  24. Injunctive Relief: The Executive
expressly acknowledges and agrees that the Property and the Confidential
Information are of a special, unique, unusual, extraordinary and intellectual
character which gives them a peculiar value, and that a breach by the
Executive of any of the restrictive covenants contained in paragraphs 20
through 23 herein will cause the Company irreparable injury and damage for
which there is no adequate remedy available at law. The Executive further
expressly acknowledges and agrees that the Company shall be entitled,
in addition to any remedies available at law, to injunctive or other
equitable relief to require specific performance, or to prevent a breach, of
any provision of this Agreement by the Executive without any requirement or
showing that the Company has suffered any damages from such breach.  25.
Further Instruments: Each of the Company and the Executive shall
execute, acknowledge, deliver and procure the execution, acknowledgment and
delivery to the other of any and all further instruments which the other may
reasonably deem necessary or expedient to carry out or effectuate the
purposes or intent of this Agreement.  26. Successors and Assigns: : This
Agreement shall not be assignable by the Company without the prior consent of
the Executive, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. For purposes of this
Agreement a transfer of this Agreement in connection with a merger, sale of a
majority of the outstanding shares or consolidation of the Company or a sale
of substantially all of the Company assets shall not constitute an
assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon the successors, heirs,
executors and personal representatives of Executive. This Agreement
contemplates the rendition of personal services by Executive and is not
assignable by the Executive.    -37-   27. Savings Clause: If any term
or provision of this Agreement or the application thereof to any person or
circumstance shall, to any extent, be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder
of this Agreement, or the application of such term or provision to persons or
circumstances other than those as to which it is held invalid or
unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and each term and provision of
this Agreement shall be valid and be enforced to the fullest extent permitted
by law. The Company\'s rights and remedies provided for in this Agreement or
by law shall, to the extent permitted by law, be cumulative.  28. Governing
Law and Construction: Any and all differences and disputes of whatever nature
arising out of or relating to this Agreement (including, without limitation,
the negotiation, execution, performance or termination of this Agreement)
shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware applicable
to contracts made, negotiated and to be performed entirely in such State
without giving effect to its principles of conflicts of laws. With respect to
all such differences and disputes, the parties agree and consent to be
subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located
in the State of Texas and consent to the exclusive venue of Texas.  29.
Notices: All notices to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and
shall be given by hand, by overnight courier services which
obtain acknowledgment of receipt or by certified or registered mail, return
receipt requested, addressed to the party receiving such notice (each of the
foregoing being referred to as "Written Notice"), or by facsimile
transmission, such transmission being effective as of the date thereof if
followed within ten (10) business days by Written Notice, as follows:  (a)
if to the Company, to the Company\'s address set forth above, with a copy
to Eaton and Van Winkle, 3 Park Avenue, 16th Floor, New York, New York, 10016,
Att: Matthew S. Cohen, Esq;  (b) if to the Executive, to the Executive\'s
address set forth above; or  (c) to either party at such other addresses as
shall have been specified in a notice similarly given.  30. Freedom to
Execute Agreement: The Company and the Executive each represent, warrant and
agree that they are free to enter into this Agreement, and that they are not
subject to any obligations or disability which would prevent them from or
interfere with their fully keeping and performing all of the covenants
and conditions to be kept or performed under such agreements. The Company
and Executive further represent, warrant and agree that they have not made
and will not make any grant or assignment which conflicts with or impairs the
complete enjoyment of the rights and privileges granted to the Company and
the Executive under this Agreement. The Executive has had the opportunity to
consult with his personal attorney and to negotiate this Agreement at "arms-
length".  31. Entire Agreement: This Agreement and the agreements annexed as
appendices hereto are intended together to constitute the entire agreement
between the Company and the Executive relating to the subject matters of such
agreements, and all prior negotiations and understandings of the parties have
been merged in such agreements. No modification of any such agreements shall
be valid unless in writing and executed by the parties hereto. This Agreement
supersedes in its entirety the Employment Agreement between the Company and
Executive dated February 15, 2004 which is void and of no further force and
effect.  32. Waiver of Breach: The waiver of a breach or default of or under
any provision of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any other
such breach or default of any kind or nature.    -38-   33. Approvals:
This Agreement has been approved by the necessary vote of the Company\'s
Board of Directors of the Company.     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have signed this Agreement as of the date above written.  Employer:
Executive: DUNE ENERGY, INC.   By:  -----------------------------
-----------------------------  Alan Gaines Amiel David  Chief Executive
Officer     Exhibit A   For the purposes of this Employment Agreement,
whenever the term "Disability" is not defined in a Disability Plan that the
Company may maintain for the benefit of its senior officers, that term shall
mean that, for a period of "120 continuous days", the Executive is "limited"
form performing the "material and substantial duties" of his "regular
occupation" due to his "sickness" or "injury."   For purposes of this
definition:   "120 continuous days" shall mean 120 days of sickness or
injury which meets all of the other criteria for a Disability as defined
herein, with no lapse of greater than 30 days (consecutively or in the
aggregate);   "limited" from performing a duty or function means that the
Executive is unable to perform such duty or function;   "material and
substantial duties" means duties that are normally required for the
performance of the Executive\'s "regular occupation" and cannot be reasonably
omitted or modified;   "regular occupation" means all of the functions that
the Executive was routinely performing prior to the onset of the condition or
conditions that resulted in the Company\'s decision to terminate the
Executive\'s employment for reasons related to Disability;   "sickness"
means any illness or disease that renders the Executive incapable of
performing material and substantial duties of his employment under the
Employment Agreement; and   "injury" means a bodily injury that is the
direct result of an accident and not related to any other cause.    
EXHIBIT D   MATTERS TO BE COVERED IN OIL AND GAS COUNSEL
OPINION  Company\'s Oil and Gas Counsel shall provide an opinion addressing
the provisions of the Welder Property Lease governing the timing of the
second, third and succeeding wells Lessee may drill to continue in effect the
Welder Property Lease. The opinion shall concur that under the Welder
Property Lease, as amended (all capitalized terms shall be construed as
defined in the Welder Property Lease):   1. Lease extension. When Lessee
must begin drilling each next well depends on whether the preceding well is
completed as capable of production, or is abandoned. If the preceding well is
completed capable of production, Lessee has earned a six-month extended
primary term within which to initiate drilling operations on the next well.
If the preceding well is abandoned, the Lessee must initiate drilling
operations on the next well within 90 days (or otherwise extend the Lease
under the sixth paragraph of Section II).   2. Further drillover
extension(s). Drilling operations conducted over the end of any Extended
Primary Term under the Lease will extend the Lease (under the sixth paragraph
of Section II), just as the drilling of the Rob Welder well over May 21-22
will extend the Primary Term of the Lease.   3. Extended primary term clock.
Each Extended Primary Term under the Lease will run from May 22 through
November 21, and November 22 through May 21 of the succeeding year, etc.,
based on the completion of any given well capable of production that earns an
additional Extended Primary Term. No Extended Primary Term earned by
completion of a well capable of production starts running on the date of
completion of any well.   4. Acreage held by producing wells. Designation of
acreage held by each producing well under Section V of the Lease does not
occur after the initiation of production from each new well completed on the
Lease. Rather, such designation(s) with the corresponding release of non-
producing acreage under Section V occurs once. This occurs only after the
Lessee fails to extend the Primary Term of the Lease: by failing to complete
another well capable of production, and by failing to continue drilling or
well reworking operations (as provided in the sixth paragraph of Section
II).   5. Option Lease(s). The Letter Agreement of April 8, 2004,
between Lessors and Lessee, imposes an option obligation on Lessee if the Rob
Welder well is completed as a well capable of production. (1) This option
obligation is in addition to Lessee\'s right, prior to August 22, 2004, to
exercise the option under Section XXIV of the Lease with respect to the
balance of the option acreage. (2) If the Lessors and Lessee enter into an
Option Lease under the April 8 Letter Agreement, and the Lessee thereafter
exercises its option under Section XXIV of the Lease with respect to at least
1500 acres of the remaining Option Acreage, then there will be, in effect,
three leases between Lessors and Lessee. (3) Each of these leases will have
its own independent Primary Term, drilling requirements and lease extension
clocks, all consistent with the terms of the Lease, as interpreted and
explained in the preceding numbered paragraphs.    2    SCHEDULE 3.3 
CAPITALIZATION  ISSUANCE OF SHARES and CONVERTIBLE SECURITIES/ OBLIGATIONS TO
REGISTER THE SALE OF SHARES  o The Company has not issued shares of Common
Stock or any securities or  other instruments convertible into shares of
Common Stock since May 5,  2004.  o As disclosed in the SEC Documents, the
Company has granted stock options  exercisable into 350,000 shares of Common
Stock, as follows:   - Chris Lautenslager - to acquire 100,000 shares;
and   - R. Scott Barter Defined Contribution Plan - to acquire 250,000 
shares.   Both of such stock options afford the holder with "piggy-back" 
registration rights.  o The Company has issued promissory notes convertible
into 2,854,377 shares  of Common Stock.  o VOG has been granted "piggy-
back" registration rights with respect to  150,000 shares of Common
Stock.  o Penroc Oil Corporation has been granted "piggy-back" registration
rights  with respect to 50,000 shares of Common Stock.  o The two holders
of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock have been granted  "piggy-back"
registration rights with respect to shares of Common Stock  issuable upon
conversion.  o Certain directors have pledged shares of their Common Stock
as set forth  in the SEC Documents.  SUBSIDIARIES  o The Company\'s sole
subsidiary is Vaquero Partners LLC.    3    SCHEDULE 3.7  MATERIAL
CHANGES SINCE DECEMBER 31, 2003   (b) The Company filed a Certificate of
Designation for Series A Convertible Preferred Stock with the Secretary of
State of Delaware on April 15, 2004.   The Company\'s Articles of
Incorporation shall be amended before Closing to increase the number of
authorized shares of Common Stock to 100,000,000.   Effective as of the
Closing, the Operating Agreement relating to the LLC shall be amended and
restated effective March 25, 2004.   Effective as of the Closing, the
Agreement dated August 22, 2003 between the Company, the LLC and VOG shall be
amended per the terms of that certain letter among the parties dated as of
March 25, 2004.    4    SCHEDULE 3.12  TAX MATTERS   None.   
5    SCHEDULE 3.13   (a) ASSETS   Deposit on option granted by Penroc
to Company to purchase 34.98% of  Penroc\'s 2% working interest in the Los
Mogotes field, Zapata  County, Texas.   (b) MATERIAL CONTRACTS   - The
Welder Property Lease, as amended on February 5, 2004 and  April 8, 2004;  
- Agreement with Penroc Oil Corporation dated October 30, 2003  relating to
Los Mogotes;   - Gaines Employment Agreement;   - Cohen Employment
Agreement;   - David Employment Agreement;   - Agreement with Street Smart
Communications dated February 15,  2004;   - Seismic License Agreement with
Seitel Data dated September 23,  2003 as amended December 28, 2003;   -
Participation Letter Agreement;   - Amended and Restated Operating Agreement
of Vaquero Partners LLC, which will be effective upon the Closing.   -
Agreement with VOG dated August 22, 2003, as amended by letter dated March
25, 2004, which will be effective upon the Closing.   - Side Letter dated
April 12, 2004, regarding the purchase of additional 1,250 acres if Rob
Welder Well produces   (c) KEY VENDORS AND CUSTOMERS   Grey Wolf Drilling
Company, LP    6    SCHEDULE 3.14  HEDGING CONTRACTS   None.   
7    '

