 EX-10.41     EXHIBIT 10.41  
Execution Copy   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   DATED AS OF DECEMBER 15,
2006   AMONG   SMITH and WESSON HOLDING CORPORATION;   SWAC-TC, INC.;  
BEAR LAKE ACQUISITION CORP.;   AND   TGV PARTNERS-TCA INVESTORS, LLC;  
E.G. KENDRICK, JR.;   AND   GREGORY J. RITZ      TABLE OF
CONTENTS    ~~  SECTION 1. MERGER OF SWAC AND BEAR
LAKE..................................... 1   1.1
Merger............................................................. 1  1.2
Effect of the Merger............................................... 1  1.3
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws............................ 1  1.4
Directors.......................................................... 2  1.5
Officers........................................................... 2  1.6
Status and Conversion of Securities................................ 2  1.7
Further Documents.................................................. 4  1.8
Effective Time..................................................... 4  1.9
Closing............................................................
4  SECTION 2. STOCKHOLDER
APPROVALS............................................ 4  SECTION 3.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES................................... 5   3.1
Representations and Warranties of Bear Lake......................... 5  3.2
Representations and Warranties of Smith and Wesson and SWAC........... 13  3.3
Representations and Warranties of Principal Stockholders............
15  SECTION 4.
COVENANTS........................................................ 15   4.1
Mutual Covenants of the Parties.................................... 15  4.2
Covenants of Bear Lake............................................. 16  4.3
Environmental Remediation Plan; Environmental Escrow............... 18  4.4
Filings Under the HSR Act and Other Antitrust Filings.............. 24  4.5
Other Acquisition Proposals........................................ 25  4.6
OSHA Compliance.................................................... 26  4.7
Press Releases and Announcements................................... 26  4.8
Advice of Changes..................................................
26  SECTION 5. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO
OBLIGATIONS.............................. 26   5.1 Conditions Precedent to
the Obligations of Smith  and Wesson and
SWAC.................................................. 26  5.2 Conditions
Precedent to the Obligations of Bear Lake............... 29  SECTION 6.
WAIVER, MODIFICATION, ABANDONMENT................................ 30   6.1
Waivers............................................................ 30  6.2
Modification....................................................... 30  6.3
Abandonment........................................................ 30  6.4
Effect of Abandonment..............................................
31  SECTION 7.
INDEMNIFICATION.................................................. 31   7.1
Indemnification by the Principal Stockholders...................... 31  7.2
Notice and Right to Defend Third-Party Claims...................... 32  7.3
Limitations Related to Indemnity...................................
33  SECTION 8. APPOINTMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS\'
REPRESENTATIVE...................... 33   8.1
Appointment........................................................ 33  8.2
Reliance by Stockholders\' Representative........................... 34  8.3
Expenses of Stockholders\' Representative........................... 34  8.4
Indemnification....................................................
34      TABLE OF CONTENTS    ~~   8.5
Contribution...................................................... 35  8.6
Approval..........................................................
35  SECTION 9.
GENERAL......................................................... 35   9.1
Indemnity Against Finders......................................... 35  9.2
Controlling Law................................................... 35  9.3
Notices........................................................... 35  9.4
Binding Nature of Agreement; No Assignment........................ 37  9.5
Entire Agreement.................................................. 37  9.6
Paragraph Headings................................................ 37  9.7
Gender............................................................ 37  9.8
Expenses.......................................................... 37  9.9
Validity.......................................................... 37  9.10
Counterparts...................................................... 37  9.11
Attorneys\' Fees...................................................
37   EXHIBITS  A Certificate of Merger B Voting Agreement C Site
Assessment Plan D Form of Escrow Agreement   ii    AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
MERGER   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER dated as of December 15, 2006, among
SMITH and WESSON HOLDING CORPORATION, a Nevada corporation ("Smith and Wesson");
SWAC-TC, INC., a Delaware corporation, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of
Smith and Wesson ("SWAC"); BEAR LAKE ACQUISITION CORP., a Delaware corporation
("Bear Lake"); and TGV PARTNERS-TCA INVESTORS, LLC, E.G. KENDRICK, JR., AND
GREGORY J. RITZ, (the "Principal Stockholders").   RECITALS   WHEREAS,
the respective Boards of Directors of Smith and Wesson, SWAC, and Bear Lake
have approved this Agreement providing for the merger of SWAC with and into
Bear Lake (the "Merger") as a result of which Bear Lake would become a wholly
owned subsidiary of Smith and Wesson, upon the terms and subject to
the conditions set forth in this Agreement; and   WHEREAS, Smith and Wesson,
SWAC, and Bear Lake desire to make certain representations, warranties,
covenants, and agreements in connection with the Merger and to prescribe
various conditions to the Merger; and   WHEREAS, the Principal Stockholders
will agree to vote their shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock of Bear
Lake in favor of this Agreement and the transactions provided for herein and
to indemnify Smith and Wesson pro rata according to their respective
stockholdings in Bear Lake as set forth herein.   AGREEMENT   NOW,
THEREFORE, the parties hereto hereby approve and adopt this Agreement and do
mutually covenant and agree as follows:   SECTION 1.  MERGER OF SWAC AND
BEAR LAKE   1.1 MERGER. At the Effective Time (as that term is
hereinafter defined), SWAC shall be merged with and into Bear Lake, which
shall be the surviving corporation, pursuant to the Certificate of Merger
attached as Exhibit A hereto (the "Certificate of Merger").   1.2 EFFECT OF
THE MERGER. Upon the Merger becoming effective, the separate existence of
SWAC shall cease, and Bear Lake shall succeed to and possess all the
properties, rights, privileges, powers, franchises, and immunities, of a
public as well as of a private nature, and be subject to all the debts,
liabilities, obligations, restrictions, disabilities, and duties of SWAC, all
without further act or deed, as provided in Section 251 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law.   1.3 CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS. The
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the
"Certificate of Incorporation"), and the Bylaws of Bear Lake shall be amended
and restated at the Effective Time to read as did the certificate of
incorporation and bylaws of SWAC immediately prior to the Effective Time,
except that an    amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation shall be
effected by the Merger to change the name of Bear Lake to "Thompson Center
Holding Corporation."   1.4 DIRECTORS. The directors of SWAC immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall be the directors of Bear Lake as of the
Effective Time until the earlier of their resignation or removal or until
their respective successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case may
be.   1.5 OFFICERS. The officers of Bear Lake immediately prior to
the Effective Time, or such other persons as Smith and Wesson shall designate,
shall be the officers of Bear Lake until the earlier of their resignation or
removal or until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified,
as the case may be.   1.6 STATUS AND CONVERSION OF SECURITIES.   (a)
CONVERSION OF BEAR LAKE STOCK INTO RIGHT TO RECEIVE MERGER CONSIDERATION. At
the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the
part of the holder of any shares of common stock, par value $.001 per share,
of Bear Lake ("Bear Lake Common Stock"), all of the shares of Bear Lake
Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time (other than Bear Lake Common Stock owned by SWAC, Dissenting Shares (as
that term is hereinafter defined), and Bear Lake Common Stock held in the
treasury of Bear Lake), shall be converted into the right to receive in cash,
without interest thereon, from Smith and Wesson an aggregate amount of
$102,000,000 (the "Merger Consideration") as follows: each holder shall be
entitled to such amount per share of Bear Lake Common Stock (the "Per Share
Merger Consideration") that is determined by dividing (i) the Merger
Consideration less (A) the amount, if any, of any Bear Lake Indebtedness, (B)
the amount of any Option Payments (as that term is hereinafter defined), and
(C) the amount paid into the Environmental Escrow pursuant to Section 4.3(j),
by (ii) the number of shares of Bear Lake Common Stock issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time; except that any shares of Bear Lake
Capital Stock held in the treasury of Bear Lake shall be cancelled and all
rights in respect thereof shall cease to exist and no Merger Consideration or
other property shall be issued with respect thereto. As of the Effective
Time, all shares of Bear Lake Capital Stock (as that term is hereinafter
defined) shall no longer be outstanding, shall be automatically cancelled,
and shall cease to exist, and each holder of any such shares of Bear Lake
Capital Stock shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except the
right of holders of Bear Lake Common Stock to receive the Merger
Consideration.   For purposes of this Agreement, "Bear Lake Indebtedness"
means (i)(A) all obligations and amounts payable by Bear Lake and its
subsidiaries, including Bear Lake Holdings, Inc., as borrowers to Citizens
Bank of Massachusetts and certain of its affiliates (collectively "Citizens
Bank") pursuant to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement
entered into on December 2, 2004, as amended to date, under which Citizens
Bank extended to Bear Lake a revolving line of credit and a term loan, and
pursuant to the Master Equipment Lease Agreement entered into on March 9,
2006 as a financing agreement for certain capital expenditures and (B) all
obligations and any amounts payable by Bear Lake and its subsidiaries,
including Bear Lake Holdings, Inc., as borrowers to Robert Gustafson and
Joseph Behre, former stockholders of Bear Lake Holdings, Inc., pursuant to
promissory notes and loan   2   agreements entered into on December 2,
2004, including, in each case, all interest, charges, fees, or other amounts,
including prepayment penalties, which become due as a result of the
consummation of the Merger; and (ii) all unpaid management and similar fees
payable to certain Principal Stockholders and their affiliates, all unpaid
costs and amounts payable pursuant to the termination of the employment
agreement with Gregg Ritz, and any other obligation or amount payable to any
Principal Stockholder or its affiliates.   (b) EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES. At
the Effective Time, each holder of an outstanding certificate or certificates
theretofore representing Bear Lake Common Stock ("Bear Lake Stock
Certificates"), upon surrender thereof to Smith and Wesson, shall be entitled
to receive in exchange therefor the portion of the Merger Consideration that
the Bear Lake Common Stock theretofore represented by such surrendered
certificate or certificates shall have been converted into the right to
receive. Until so surrendered, each outstanding Bear Lake Stock Certificate
theretofore representing Bear Lake Common Stock shall be deemed after the
Effective Time for all purposes only to have the right to receive the
applicable portion of the Merger Consideration.   (c) CONVERSION OF SWAC
CAPITAL STOCK. As of the Effective Time, each issued and outstanding share of
common stock of SWAC, par value $.001, shall be converted into one newly
issued share of Bear Lake Common Stock.   (d) OPTIONS TO PURCHASE BEAR LAKE
COMMON STOCK. Each outstanding option, right, award, or instrument to
purchase or otherwise acquire Bear Lake Common Stock ("Bear Lake Options"),
whether or not vested, exercisable, or convertible, shall be terminated,
shall cease to exist, shall be null and void, and shall have no right to
receive any Merger Consideration. In consideration for such termination, each
holder of a Bear Lake Option shall be entitled to receive in cash, in payment
therefor, that amount equal to (i) the total number of shares of Bear Lake
Common Stock subject to the Bear Lake Option multiplied by the Per Share
Merger Consideration, less (ii) the total number of shares of Bear Lake
Common Stock subject to the Bear Lake Option multiplied by the per share
exercise price of such Bear Lake Option (the "Option Payments"). Prior to the
Effective Time, Bear Lake shall enter into an agreement, in a form reasonably
satisfactory to Smith and Wesson, with each holder of a Bear Lake Option
providing for the termination of such Bear Lake Option effective as of the
Effective Time, in exchange for the payment provided for in this
Section 1.6(d). Bear Lake shall take such actions as are necessary or
required, including under the Bear Lake Acquisition Corp. 2005 Stock
Incentive Plan, to provide for the termination of the Bear Lake options in
exchange for the cash payment provided for in this Section 1.6(d) and shall
provide evidence, in a form reasonably satisfactory to Smith and Wesson, of
such actions.   (e) DISSENTING SHARES. Notwithstanding anything in
this Agreement to the contrary, shares of Bear Lake Common Stock issued
and outstanding immediately prior the Effective Time and held by any
stockholder that did not vote in favor of the Merger and that complies with
Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "Dissenting Shares")
shall not be converted into the right to receive any Merger Consideration,
but instead shall be converted into the right to receive such consideration
as may be determined to be due such holder pursuant to the Delaware General
Corporation Law. If any such holder shall have failed to perfect or shall
have effectively withdrawn or lost such holder\'s rights to appraisal under
the   3   Delaware General Corporation Law, that holder\'s Bear Lake
Common Stock shall thereupon be converted into the right to receive, as of
the Effective Time, the applicable portion of the Merger Consideration
without any interest. Bear Lake shall give Smith and Wesson (i) prompt notice
of any written demands for appraisal of Bear Lake Common Stock, attempted
withdrawals of such demands, and any other instruments served pursuant to the
Delaware General Corporation Law and received by Bear Lake relating to
stockholders\' rights of appraisal and (ii) the opportunity to participate in
all negotiations and proceedings with respect to demands for appraisal under
the Delaware General Corporation Law. Bear Lake shall not, except with the
prior written consent of Smith and Wesson, voluntarily make any payment with
respect to any demands for appraisal of Bear Lake Common Stock, offer to
settle or settle any demands, or approve any withdrawal of any such
demands.   1.7 FURTHER DOCUMENTS. From time to time, on and after the
Effective Time, as and when requested by Smith and Wesson, the appropriate
officers and directors of Bear Lake as of the Effective Time shall, for and
on behalf and in the name of Bear Lake or otherwise, execute and deliver all
such deeds, bills of sale, assignments, and other instruments and shall take
or cause to be taken such further or other actions as Smith and Wesson may deem
reasonably necessary or desirable in order to confirm of record or otherwise
to Smith and Wesson or Bear Lake title to and possession of all of the
properties, rights, privileges, powers, franchises, and immunities of Bear
Lake and otherwise to carry out fully the provisions and purposes of this
Agreement.   1.8 EFFECTIVE TIME. The Merger shall become effective on such
date (the "Effective Time") as of which all applicable legal requirements
have been fulfilled to consummate the Merger. The parties shall use their
best efforts to consummate the Merger within five business days following the
satisfaction of all conditions precedent that shall not have been waived.  
1.9 CLOSING. Subject to the fulfillment or waiver of the conditions set forth
in Section 5, the closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
(the "Closing") shall take place at the offices of Greenberg Traurig LLP,
2375 East Camelback Road, Phoenix, Arizona at 9:00 a.m., local time, on
the date on which the Effective Time is expected to occur or other date or
time as may be determined by the parties.   SECTION 2.  STOCKHOLDER
APPROVALS   Meetings or written consents of the stockholders of SWAC and
Bear Lake shall be held or obtained in accordance with the applicable
provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, on or before December 22,
2006, in each case, among other things, to consider and act upon the adoption
of this Agreement (except, in the case of SWAC, the adoption of this
Agreement may be consented to in writing by Smith and Wesson, as the sole
stockholder of SWAC, on or before that date). As a further inducement to the
parties to enter into this Agreement, the Principal Stockholders are
separately agreeing to vote the Bear Lake Capital Stock owned by them in
favor of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby pursuant to
the Voting Agreement constituting Exhibit B hereto.   4    SECTION 3. 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES   3.1 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BEAR
LAKE. Except as otherwise set forth in the Bear Lake Disclosure Schedule
heretofore delivered by Bear Lake to Smith and Wesson, Bear Lake represents and
warrants to Smith and Wesson and SWAC as follows:   (a) DUE INCORPORATION,
GOOD STANDING, AND QUALIFICATION. Each of Bear Lake and its subsidiaries is a
corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the
laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation with the requisite corporate
power and authority to own, operate, and lease its properties and to carry on
its business as now being conducted. As used in this Agreement with reference
to Bear Lake, the term "subsidiaries" shall include all direct or indirect
subsidiaries of Bear Lake, including its wholly owned subsidiary,
Thompson/Center Arms Company, Inc. Neither Bear Lake nor any subsidiary of
Bear Lake is subject to any material liability by reason of the failure to be
duly qualified as a foreign corporation for the transaction of business or to
be in good standing under the laws of any jurisdiction. Schedule 3.1(a)
hereto sets forth, as of the date of this Agreement, each jurisdiction in
which Bear Lake or any subsidiary of Bear Lake is qualified to do
business.   (b) CORPORATE AUTHORITY. Bear Lake has the corporate power
and authority to enter into this Agreement and, subject to the requisite
approval of the Bear Lake stockholders, to carry out the transactions
contemplated hereby. The Board of Directors of Bear Lake has duly authorized
the execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement. Other than
stockholder approvals, no other corporate proceedings on the part of Bear
Lake or its subsidiaries are necessary to authorize the execution and
delivery by Bear Lake of this Agreement or the consummation by Bear Lake of
the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly executed
and delivered by Bear Lake and, assuming due authorization, execution, and
delivery hereof by each of the other parties hereto, constitutes a legal,
valid, and binding agreement of Bear Lake, enforceable against Bear Lake in
accordance with its terms, except that (i) such enforcement may be subject to
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or other similar laws now
or hereafter in effect relating to creditors\' rights, and (ii) the remedy of
specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may
be subject to equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before
which any proceeding therefore may be brought.   (c) CAPITAL STOCK. As of
the date hereof, Bear Lake has authorized capital stock consisting of 5,455
shares of preferred stock, $.001 par value (the "Bear Lake Preferred Stock,"
and collectively with the Bear Lake Common Stock referred to as the "Bear
Lake Capital Stock"), of which 5,445 shares are issued and outstanding, and
10,000 shares of Bear Lake Common Stock, $.001 par value, none of which are
issued and outstanding. As of such date, 830.363 shares of Bear Lake Common
Stock are reserved for issuance upon the terms of outstanding Bear Lake
Options. All of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Bear
Lake and of each of its subsidiaries have been duly authorized and validly
issued and are fully paid and nonassessable and free of preemptive rights. As
of the date of this Agreement, the Principal Stockholders own all of the
outstanding shares of Bear Lake Capital Stock.   5    (d) OPTIONS,
WARRANTS, AND RIGHTS. Neither Bear Lake nor any subsidiary of Bear Lake has
outstanding any options, rights, awards, or instruments to purchase or
otherwise acquire any shares of its capital stock, other than as set forth in
Schedule 3.1(d) hereto.   (e) SUBSIDIARIES. Schedule 3.1(e) hereto sets
forth, as of the date of this Agreement, (i) the name, jurisdiction of
incorporation, and list of stockholders of each subsidiary of Bear Lake, and
(ii) the name and a description of every other person, corporation,
partnership, joint venture, or other business association in which Bear Lake
directly or indirectly owns a material interest. The outstanding shares of
capital stock of the subsidiaries of Bear Lake are owned by Bear Lake free
and clear of all claims, liens, charges, and encumbrances. Bear Lake does not
own, directly or indirectly, any capital stock or other equity securities of
any corporation or have any direct or indirect equity or ownership interest
in any corporation or other business.   (f) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. The
Consolidated Balance Sheet of Bear Lake Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries
as of December 31, 2003 and the related Consolidated Statements of Income and
Retained Earnings and Cash Flows, and all related schedules and notes to the
foregoing, have been audited by Nathan Wechsler and Company Professional
Association; the Consolidated Balance Sheet of Bear Lake Holdings, Inc. and
its subsidiaries as of December 5, 2004 and the related Consolidated
Statements of Income and Retained Earnings and Cash Flows, and all related
schedules and notes to the foregoing, have been audited by Grant Thornton
LLP, registered independent public accountants; and the Consolidated Balance
Sheets of Bear Lake and its subsidiaries for the period December 5, 2004 to
December 31, 2004 and as of December 31, 2005, and the related Consolidated
Statements of Operations, Consolidated Statements of Changes in
Stockholders\' Equity, and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for such
periods and all related schedules and notes to the foregoing, have
been audited by Grant Thornton LLP, registered independent public
accountants; and the Consolidated Balance Sheet of Bear Lake and subsidiaries
as of September 30, 2006, and the Consolidated Statements of Operations,
Changes in Stockholders\' Equity, and Cash Flows of Bear Lake and its
subsidiaries for the nine months ended September 30, 2006, and all related
schedules and notes to the foregoing, have been prepared by Bear Lake without
audit. All of the foregoing financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, applied on a
consistent basis (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto or, in the
case of interim consolidated financial statements, where information and
footnotes contained in such financial statements are not required to be in
compliance with generally accepted accounting principles), and fairly
present, in all material respects, the financial position, results
of operations, and changes in financial position of Bear Lake and its
subsidiaries as of their respective dates and for the periods indicated.  
(g) NO MATERIAL CHANGE. Since December 31, 2005, there has not been and, to
the knowledge of Bear Lake, there is not threatened (i) any Material Adverse
Effect (as that term is hereinafter defined); (ii) any loss or damage
(whether or not covered by insurance) to any of the assets or properties of
Bear Lake or any subsidiary of Bear Lake that materially affects or
impairs the ability of Bear Lake and its subsidiaries to conduct their
business as a whole; or (iii) any mortgage or pledge of any material amount
of the assets or properties of Bear Lake or any subsidiary of Bear Lake, or
any indebtedness incurred by Bear   6   Lake or any subsidiary of Bear
Lake, other than indebtedness, not material in the aggregate, incurred in the
ordinary course of business. For purposes of this Agreement, "Material
Adverse Effect" means any material adverse effect on the business, assets,
properties, or operations, or on the condition, financial or otherwise, of
Bear Lake and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole; provided, however, that in
no event shall any of the following be taken into account in determining
whether there has been or will be a Material Adverse Effect: changes, events,
circumstances, or effects caused by (A) changes in general economic or market
conditions (except to the extent those changes have a materially
disproportionate effect on Bear Lake and its subsidiaries relative to other
similarly situated persons in the industries in which they operate),
(B) compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, (C) the
public announcement of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or
(D) any outbreak of major hostilities in which the United States is involved
or any act of terrorism within the United States or directed against its
facilities or citizens wherever located.   (h) TITLE TO PROPERTIES. Each of
Bear Lake and its subsidiaries has good and marketable title to all of its
real and personal assets and properties, including all assets and properties
reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheet of Bear Lake and its subsidiaries
as of December 31, 2005 (the "Bear Lake Base Balance Sheet"), or acquired
subsequent to the date of the Bear Lake Base Balance Sheet, except assets or
properties disposed of subsequent to that date in the ordinary course of
business or as contemplated by this Agreement. Such assets and properties are
not subject to any mortgage, pledge, lien, claim, encumbrance, charge,
security interest, title retention, or other security arrangement (each a
"Lien" and collectively, the "Liens"), except for (i) statutory liens not yet
delinquent that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings,
and liens for taxes not yet due, (ii) defects and irregularities of title and
encumbrances that do not materially impair the use thereof for the purposes
for which they are held, (iii) mechanics\', materialmen\'s, workmen\'s,
repairmen\'s, warehousemen\'s, carriers\', and other similar liens arising in
the ordinary course of business, (iv) any Liens that do not materially
adversely affect the use of any property or asset for its intended purposes,
and (v) properties and assets the loss of which would not, individually or in
the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the "Permitted
Liens"). All leases pursuant to which Bear Lake or any subsidiary of Bear
Lake leases any substantial amount of real or personal property are valid and
effective in accordance with their respective terms. Schedule 3.1(h) hereto
sets forth, as of the date hereof, the location, physical description, basis
of occupancy, ownership, and terms of any mortgages or leases with respect to
the properties used in the conduct of the business of Bear Lake or any of
its subsidiaries.   (i) CONDITION OF ASSETS AND PROPERTIES. Except as would
not have a Material Adverse Effect, the buildings, equipment, machinery,
fixtures, furniture, furnishings, office equipment, and all other tangible
personal assets and properties presently used in, or necessary for the
operation of, the business of Bear Lake or its subsidiaries, do not require
any repairs other than normal maintenance and are in good operating condition
and in a state of reasonable maintenance and repair.   (j) LITIGATION.
There are no actions, suits, proceedings, or other litigation pending or, to
the knowledge of Bear Lake, threatened against Bear Lake or any of its
subsidiaries, at law or in equity, or before or by any federal, state,
municipal, or other governmental department, commission, board, bureau,
agency, or instrumentality that, if   7   determined adversely to Bear
Lake or its subsidiaries, would individually or in the aggregate have a
Material Adverse Effect. Neither Bear Lake nor any subsidiary of Bear Lake is
a party to any decree, order, or arbitration award (or agreement entered into
in any administrative, judicial, or arbitration proceeding with any
governmental authority) with respect to or affecting any of its assets or
properties or the use thereof or the conduct of its business. Neither Bear
Lake nor any subsidiary of Bear Lake has admitted to any liability or any set
of facts, conditions, or circumstances that establishes any product defect or
other malfunction, condition, circumstance, or set of facts determined under
any law or contractual, equitable, or other legal theory to cause, result in,
or contribute to injury, death, or other damages (a "Product Defect"),
and there has not been any adverse judgment against Bear Lake or any
subsidiary of Bear Lake that establishes any such liability or facts,
conditions, or circumstances. There are no material claims pending,
anticipated or, to the knowledge of Bear Lake, threatened against Bear Lake
or any subsidiary of Bear Lake with respect to a Product Defect.   (k)
LICENSES AND PERMITS. Neither Bear Lake nor any subsidiary of Bear Lake is
subject to any material disability or liability by reason of its failure to
possess any license, permit, franchise, certificate, consent, approval, or
authorization. Each of Bear Lake and its subsidiaries has all licenses,
permits, franchises, certificates, consents, approvals, and authorizations of
whatever kind and type, governmental or private, necessary for the business
conducted by it and the ownership or use of all assets and properties and the
premises occupied by it. Schedule 3.1(k) hereto sets forth, as of the date
hereof, a true, correct, and complete list of all licenses, permits,
franchises, certificates, consents, approvals, and authorizations necessary
for the conduct of the business of Bear Lake and its subsidiaries.   (l)
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. Each of Bear Lake and its subsidiaries owns or holds
all of the rights to use all patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade names,
trade secrets, logos, fictitious names, service marks, and slogans that are
used in or necessary to the operation of its business, except where such
failure to own or have the right to use such intellectual property would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. Schedule
3.1(l) hereto constitutes, as of the date hereof, a true, complete, and
correct list of all of the intellectual property owned or used by Bear Lake
or any subsidiary of Bear Lake. To the knowledge of Bear Lake, none of the
matters covered by the intellectual property, nor any of the products
or services sold or provided by Bear Lake or any subsidiary of Bear Lake, nor
any of the processes used or the business practices followed by Bear Lake or
any subsidiary of Bear Lake, infringes, or has infringed within the past
seven years, upon any patent, trademark, trademark right, trade name, trade
name right, trade secret, logo, fictitious name, service mark, slogan, or
copyright owned by any person or entity (or any application with respect
thereto), or constitutes unfair competition. Neither Bear Lake nor any
subsidiary of Bear Lake is, and following the Effective Time Smith and Wesson
will not be, obligated to pay any royalty or other payment with respect to
any intellectual property. To the knowledge of Bear Lake, no person or entity
is producing, providing, selling, or using products or services that would
constitute an infringement of any intellectual property of Bear Lake or any
of its subsidiaries.   (m) NO VIOLATION. The execution and delivery of this
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will
not violate or result in a breach by Bear Lake or any subsidiary of Bear Lake
of, or constitute a default under, or conflict with, or cause any
acceleration of any obligation with respect to (i) any provision or
restriction of any   8   charter or bylaw of Bear Lake or any subsidiary
of Bear Lake; (ii) any stockholders\' agreement, voting trust, proxy, or
other similar agreement of Bear Lake; (iii) any loan agreement, indenture,
lease, or mortgage of Bear Lake or any subsidiary of Bear Lake; (iv) any
provision or restriction of any lien, lease agreement, contract, or
instrument to which Bear Lake or any subsidiary of Bear Lake is a party or by
which any of them is bound; or (v) any order, judgment, award, decree, law,
rule, ordinance, or regulation or any other restriction of any kind or
character to which any assets or properties of Bear Lake or any subsidiary of
Bear Lake is subject or by which Bear Lake or any subsidiary of Bear Lake is
bound, except, with respect to clauses (iii) through (v), for any such
violations, breaches, defaults or conflicts, acceleration, or other
occurrences, which would not, individually or in the aggregate, have
a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the execution and delivery by Bear Lake of
this Agreement or any of the other agreements contemplated hereby, nor
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, will
result in the creation of any Lien with respect to any of the stock or assets
or properties of any of Bear Lake or any subsidiary of Bear Lake.   (n)
TAXES. Bear Lake has duly filed in correct form all Tax Returns (as defined
below) relating to the activities of Bear Lake and its subsidiaries required
or due to be filed (with regard to applicable extensions) on or prior to the
date hereof. All such Tax Returns are complete and accurate in all material
respects, and Bear Lake has paid or made provision for the payment of all
Taxes (as defined below) that have been incurred or are due or claimed to be
due from Bear Lake or any of its subsidiaries by foreign, federal, state, or
local taxing authorities for all periods ending on or before the date hereof,
other than Taxes or other charges that are not delinquent or are
being contested in good faith and have not been finally determined and have
been disclosed to Smith and Wesson. The amounts set up as reserves for Taxes on
the books of Bear Lake and its subsidiaries are sufficient in the aggregate
for the payment of all unpaid Taxes (including any interest or penalties
thereon), whether or not disputed, accrued, or applicable. No claims for
Taxes or assessments are being asserted or, to the knowledge of Bear Lake,
threatened against Bear Lake or any of its subsidiaries. Bear Lake has
furnished to Smith and Wesson a copy of all Tax Returns filed for it or its
subsidiaries within the five-year period prior to the date of the Agreement.
For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Taxes" shall mean all taxes,
charges, fees, levies, or other assessments, including, without limitation,
income, gross receipts, excise, property, sales, transfer, license, payroll,
and franchise taxes, imposed by the United States or any state, local, or
foreign government or subdivision or agency thereof, and such term shall
include any interest, penalties, or additions to tax attributable to such
assessments or to the failure to file any Tax Return; and the term "Tax
Return" shall mean any report, return, or other information required to be
supplied to a taxing authority or required by a taxing authority to be
supplied to any other person.   (o) ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE. Each account
receivable of Bear Lake or any subsidiary of Bear Lake has been acquired in
the ordinary course of business, is valid and enforceable, and is fully
collectible, subject to no known defenses, setoffs, or counterclaims, except
to the extent of the reserve reflected in the books of Bear Lake and its
subsidiaries or in such other amount that is not material in the
aggregate.   (p) CONTRACTS. Neither Bear Lake nor any subsidiary of
Bear Lake is a party to (i) any plan or contract providing for bonuses,
incentives, pensions, stock options, stock purchases, deferred compensation,
retirement payments, pension, profit sharing, or welfare   9   benefits;
(ii) any plan or agreement providing for fringe benefits to present or former
employees, including sick leave, severance pay, medical,
hospitalization, life insurance, or related benefits; (iii) any lease,
installment purchase agreement, or other contract with respect to any real or
personal property used or proposed to be used in its operations, excepting,
in each case, items included within aggregate amounts disclosed or reflected
in the Bear Lake Base Balance Sheet; (iv) any employment, consulting, or
other similar arrangement not terminable by it upon 30 days or less notice
without penalty to it or that provides for payments upon or after
termination; (v) any contract or agreement, including any purchase commitment
with a supplier, creating an obligation of $50,000 or more; (vi) any
mortgage, deed of trust, pledge agreement, security agreement, lease, or
other contract or agreement, which by its terms does not terminate or is not
terminable by it without penalty to it; (vii) any loan agreement, letter of
credit, financing agreement, indenture, promissory note, or other similar
type of arrangement; or (viii) any contract (other than those described in
clauses (i) through (vii)) that by its operation or termination would have a
Material Adverse Effect (all of the foregoing, collectively,
the "Contracts"). All Contracts to which Bear Lake or any subsidiary of Bear
Lake is a party are valid and enforceable in accordance with their terms,
except that the enforcement thereof may be limited by (A) bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or other similar laws now or
hereafter in effect relating to creditors\' rights generally, and (B) general
principles of equity (regardless of whether enforceability is considered in a
proceeding in equity or at law); and Bear Lake, its subsidiaries, and all
other parties to each of the foregoing have performed all obligations
required to be performed to date and have waived no rights thereunder.
Neither Bear Lake nor any subsidiary of Bear Lake has received any written
notice of any default under (or any condition which with the passage of time
or the giving of notice would cause such a default under) any Contract.
Neither Bear Lake nor any subsidiary of Bear Lake is bound by any agreement
or arrangement to sell or provide goods or services at prices below the
prevailing market prices therefor or to purchase goods or services at prices
above the then prevailing market prices therefor. To the knowledge of Bear
Lake, no manufacturer for or supplier to Bear Lake or any of its subsidiaries
has threatened to terminate their business relationship with Bear Lake or any
of its subsidiaries which termination would not result in a Material Adverse
Effect.   (q) COMPLIANCE WITH LAW AND OTHER REGULATIONS.   (i) GENERAL.
Each of Bear Lake and its subsidiaries is in compliance in all material
respects with all requirements of foreign, federal, state, and local law and
all requirements of all governmental bodies and agencies having jurisdiction
over it, the conduct of its business, the use of its assets and properties,
and all premises occupied by it, including without limitation under any
Occupational Safety and Health Administration ("OSHA") requirements, but
excluding Environmental Laws (as defined in Section 4.3(m)(iv)). Without
limiting the foregoing, each of Bear Lake and its subsidiaries has properly
filed all reports, paid all monies, and obtained all licenses, permits,
certificates, and authorizations needed or required for the conduct of its
business and the use of its assets and properties and the premises occupied
by it in connection therewith except where the failure to obtain such
licenses, permits, certificates, and authorizations would not, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, and is in compliance in
all material respects with all conditions, restrictions, and provisions of
all of the foregoing. Neither Bear Lake nor any subsidiary of Bear Lake has
received any notice from any foreign, federal, state, or local authority or
any insurance or inspection body that any of its assets, properties,
facilities, equipment, or business procedures   10   or practices fails
to comply with any applicable law, ordinance, regulation, building, or zoning
law, or requirement of any public authority or body. Bear Lake makes no
representation or warranty regarding compliance with any Environmental
Laws.   (r) EMPLOYEE BENEFIT AND EMPLOYMENT MATTERS.   (i) ERISA MATTERS.
For purposes of this Agreement, "Company Benefit Plan" means any plan,
program, policy, practice, contract, agreement, or other arrangement
providing for compensation, severance, termination pay, deferred
compensation, performance awards, stock or stock-related awards, fringe
benefits, or other employee benefits or remuneration of any kind, whether
written, unwritten, or otherwise, funded or unfunded, including, without
limitation, each "employee benefit plan," within the meaning of Section 3(3)
of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA")
(whether or not ERISA is applicable to such plan), that is or has been
maintained, contributed to, or required to be contributed to, by Bear Lake,
any subsidiary or affiliate of Bear Lake, or any predecessor of Bear Lake or
any subsidiary of Bear Lake for the benefit of any employee of Bear Lake or
any subsidiary of Bear Lake, or with respect to which Bear Lake, any
subsidiary of Bear Lake, or any affiliate of Bear Lake has or may have
any liability or obligation. To Bear Lake\'s knowledge, each of Bear Lake,
its subsidiaries, and its affiliates have substantially performed all
material obligations required to be performed by them under, are not in
default or violation of, and have no knowledge of any default or violation
by, any other party to, the material terms of any Company Benefit Plan. Each
Company Benefit Plan has been established and maintained substantially in
accordance with its terms and in substantial compliance with applicable laws,
including ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
"Code"). Any Company Benefit Plan intended to be qualified under section
401(a) of the Code has obtained a favorable determination letter (or opinion
letter, if applicable) as to its qualified status under the Code. Neither
Bear Lake nor any subsidiary or affiliate of Bear Lake has maintains,
sponsors, participates in, or contributes to, or has maintained, sponsored,
or contributed to (or is in the process of establishing), and has no
liability under any (i) Company Benefit Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA,
(ii) "multiemployer plan" within the meaning of Section (3)(37) of ERISA,
(iii) any Company Benefit Plan in which stock of Bear Lake, its subsidiaries,
or its affiliates is or was held as a plan asset, (iv) plan or arrangement
subject to the laws of a country other than the United States, or (v) any
plan or arrangement that provides for any payments or benefits
after termination of employment (except as required by applicable law).
Schedule 3.1(r)(i) hereto contains a list as of the date hereof, complete and
accurate in all material respects, of each Company Benefit Plan and Bear Lake
has furnished to Smith and Wesson true and complete copies of each such Company
Benefit Plan. To Bear Lake\'s knowledge, no "prohibited transaction," within
the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code or Sections 406 and 407 of ERISA, and
not otherwise exempt under Section 408 of ERISA, has occurred with respect to
any Company Benefit Plan. There are no claims or legal actions pending, or to
Bear Lake\'s knowledge, threatened (other than routine claims for benefits),
against any Company Benefit Plan or against the assets of any Company Benefit
Plan. There are no audits, inquiries, or proceedings pending or threatened by
the Internal Revenue Service, the Department of Labor, or any other
governmental authority with respect to any Company Benefit Plan. Bear Lake,
Company, its subsidiaries, and its affiliates have made all contributions and
other payments required by and due under the terms of each Company Benefit
Plan.   11    (ii) LABOR MATTERS. Each of Bear Lake and its subsidiaries
has complied in all material respects with all other applicable foreign,
federal, state, and local laws, rules, regulations, and ordinances, relating
to the employment of labor, including, without limitation, the provisions
thereof relative to wages, hours, collective bargaining, working conditions,
and payment of taxes of any kind, and neither Bear Lake nor any subsidiary of
Bear Lake is liable for any arrears of wages or any taxes or penalties for
failure to comply with any of the foregoing or has any obligations for any
vacation, sick leave, or other compensatory time. Neither Bear Lake nor any
subsidiary of Bear Lake is a party to any collective bargaining or
other contract or agreement with any labor union, and there is no request for
union representation pending or, to the knowledge of Bear Lake, threatened
against Bear Lake or any subsidiary of Bear Lake. There is not pending or, to
the knowledge of Bear Lake, threatened any (A) labor dispute, grievance,
strike, or work stoppage involving any of the employees of Bear Lake or any
subsidiary of Bear Lake, (B) charge or complaint against or involving any
employees of Bear Lake or any subsidiary of Bear Lake by the National Labor
Relations Board, the Department of Labor, OSHA, or any similar foreign,
federal, state, or local board or agency, or (C) unfair employment or labor
practice charges by or on behalf of any employee of Bear Lake or any
subsidiary of Bear Lake.   (iii) ARRANGEMENTS WITH EMPLOYEES. The employment
of each employee of Bear Lake or any subsidiary of Bear Lake is terminable at
will without cost to Bear Lake or any subsidiary of Bear Lake. Bear Lake
has delivered to Smith and Wesson a true and complete schedule of the salaries
or other compensation and personal benefits paid to or accrued for all
officers of Bear Lake and its subsidiaries as of the date of this
Agreement.   (s) NO PAYMENTS TO DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, STOCKHOLDERS,
OR OTHERS. Since the date of the Bear Lake Base Balance Sheet, there has not
been any purchase or redemption of any shares of capital stock of Bear Lake
or any subsidiary of Bear Lake or any transfer, distribution, or payment by
Bear Lake or its subsidiaries, directly or indirectly, of any assets or
properties to any director, officer, stockholder, or other person, other than
the payment of compensation for services actually rendered at rates not in
excess of the rates prevailing on the date of the Bear Lake Base Balance
Sheet.   (t) NO PROHIBITED PAYMENTS. Neither Bear Lake, nor any subsidiary
of Bear Lake, nor, to the knowledge of Bear Lake, any officer, director,
employee, independent contractor, or agent, acting on behalf of Bear Lake or
any subsidiary of Bear Lake, has at any time (i) made any contributions to
any candidate for political office in violation of law or failed to
disclose fully any contributions to any candidate for political office in
accordance with any applicable statute, rule, regulation, or ordinance
requiring such disclosure; (ii) made any payment to any local, state,
federal, or foreign governmental officer or official, or other person charged
with similar public or quasi-public duties, other than payments required or
allowed by applicable law; (iii) made any payment outside the ordinary course
of business to any purchasing or selling agent or person charged with similar
duties of any entity to which Bear Lake or any subsidiary of Bear Lake sells
products or renders services or from which Bear Lake or any subsidiary of
Bear Lake buys products or services for the purpose of influencing such agent
or person to buy products or services from or sell products or services to
Bear Lake or any subsidiary of Bear Lake; or (iv) engaged in any transaction,
maintained any bank account, or used any corporate   12   funds, except
for transactions, bank accounts, and funds that have been and are reflected
in the normally maintained books and records of Bear Lake or any subsidiary
of Bear Lake.   (u) GOVERNING DOCUMENTS AND MINUTE BOOKS. Bear Lake
has previously delivered to Smith and Wesson true and complete copies of
the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of Bear Lake and its subsidiaries
as currently in effect. The minute book of Bear Lake contains complete and
accurate records of all meetings and other corporate actions held or taken by
its Boards of Directors (or committees of the Boards of Directors) and
stockholders of Bear Lake since its incorporation.   (v) INSURANCE. Each of
Bear Lake and its subsidiaries maintains in full force and effect insurance
coverage on its assets, properties, premises, operations, and personnel in
such amounts and against such risks and losses as are adequate, in the
reasonable judgment of Bear Lake management, for the businesses engaged in by
it. Schedule 3.1(v) hereto sets forth, as of the date hereof, a complete and
accurate list of each insurance policy maintained by Bear Lake or any of its
subsidiaries, copies of which have been furnished to Smith and Wesson.   (w)
LIST OF ACCOUNTS. Schedule 3.1(w) hereto contains a list of all bank and
securities accounts and all safe deposit boxes, maintained by Bear Lake or
any of its subsidiaries, and a listing of all authorized signatories to such
accounts or safe deposit boxes.   (x) ACCURACY OF STATEMENTS. Neither this
Agreement nor any other agreement, instrument, certificate, or other document
to be entered into in connection with this Agreement contains or will contain
an untrue statement of a material fact or omits or will omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein or therein,
in light of circumstances in which they are made, not misleading.
Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement, Bear
Lake does not make any representation or warranty regarding any forward-
looking information regarding Bear Lake, including any such information
contained in any strategic plans, operating budgets, financial projections,
or other document that may have been disclosed to Smith and Wesson by Bear
Lake.   3.2 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SMITH and WESSON AND
SWAC. Except as otherwise set forth in the Smith and Wesson Disclosure
Schedule heretofore delivered by Smith and Wesson to Bear Lake, Smith and Wesson
and SWAC jointly and severally represent and warrant to Bear Lake as
follows:   (a) DUE INCORPORATION, GOOD STANDING AND QUALIFICATION. Each of
Smith and Wesson and its subsidiaries (including SWAC) is a corporation
duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of
the jurisdiction of its incorporation with the requisite corporate power
and authority to own, operate, and lease its properties and to carry on its
business as now being conducted. SWAC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Smith and
Wesson and, apart from matters arising under this Agreement, has no
significant assets, liabilities, or business. As used in this Agreement with
reference to Smith and Wesson, the term "subsidiaries" shall include SWAC and
all other direct or indirect subsidiaries of Smith and Wesson as of the date of
this Agreement.   13    (b) CORPORATE AUTHORITY. Each of Smith and Wesson
and SWAC has the corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement
and to carry out the transactions contemplated hereby. Except for the
approval by Smith and Wesson as the sole stockholder of SWAC, the Boards of
Directors of each of Smith and Wesson and SWAC has duly authorized the
execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement. No other corporate
proceedings on the part of Smith and Wesson or SWAC are necessary to authorize
the execution and delivery by Smith and Wesson and SWAC of this Agreement or
the consummation by Smith and Wesson or SWAC of the transactions contemplated
hereby. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by each of Smith
and Wesson and SWAC and, assuming the due authorization, execution, and
delivery hereof by each of the other parties hereto, constitutes a legal,
valid, and binding agreement of Smith and Wesson and SWAC, enforceable against
them in accordance with its terms, except that (i) such enforcement may be
subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or other
similar laws now or hereafter in effect relating to creditors\' rights, and
(ii) the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of
equitable relief may be subject to equitable defenses and to the discretion
of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.   (c) NO
VIOLATION. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby will not violate or result in a
breach by Smith and Wesson or SWAC of, or constitute a default under, or
conflict with, or cause any acceleration of any obligation with respect
to (i) any provision or restriction of any charter or bylaw of Smith and Wesson
or SWAC; (ii) any stockholders\' agreement, voting trust, proxy, or other
similar agreement; (iii) any loan agreement, indenture, lease, or mortgage of
Smith and Wesson or SWAC; (iv) any provision or restriction of any lien, lease
agreement, contract, or instrument to which Smith and Wesson or SWAC is a party
or by which either of them is bound; or (v) any order, judgment, award,
decree, law, rule, ordinance, or regulation or any other restriction of any
kind or character to which any assets or properties of Smith and Wesson or SWAC
are subject or by which Smith and Wesson or SWAC is bound, except, with respect
to clauses (iii) through (v), for any such violations, breaches, defaults or
conflicts, acceleration, or other occurrences, which would not, individually
or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the business, assets,
properties, or operations, or on the condition, financial or otherwise, of
Smith and Wesson and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, provided, however,
that in no event shall any shall any of the following be taken into account
in determining whether there has been or will be a material adverse effect on
Smith and Wesson and its subsidiaries: changes, events, circumstances, or
effects caused by (A) changes in general economic or market conditions
(except to the extent those changes have a materially disproportionate effect
on Smith and Wesson and its subsidiaries relative to other similarly situated
persons in the industries in which they operate), (B) compliance with the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, (C) the public announcement of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or (D) any outbreak of major
hostilities in which the United States is involved or any act of terrorism
within the United States or directed against its facilities or citizens
wherever located.   (d) ACCURACY OF STATEMENTS. Neither this Agreement nor
any other agreement, instrument, certificate, or other document to be entered
into in connection with this Agreement contains or will contain an untrue
statement of a material fact or omits or will omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements contained herein or therein, in light of the
circumstances in which they are made, not misleading.   14    (e)
AVAILABLE FUNDS. Smith and Wesson has, or will have immediately prior to
Closing, sufficient funds available to it to pay the Merger Consideration in
accordance with this Agreement.   3.3 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS. Each Principal Stockholder severally as to such
Principal Stockholder and not jointly with any other Principal Stockholder
represents and warrants to Smith and Wesson and SWAC as follows:   (a)
AUTHORITY. Such Principal Stockholder has all requisite power and authority
to enter into this Agreement and to fulfill such Principal Stockholder\'s
obligations under this Agreement. This Agreement has been duly executed and
delivered by and constitutes a legal, valid, and binding agreement of such
Principal Stockholder enforceable against such Principal stockholder
in accordance with its terms, except that (i) such enforcement may be subject
to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or other similar laws
nor or hereafter in effect relating to creditors\' rights, and (ii) the
remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable
relief may be subject to equitable defines and to the discretion of the court
before which nay proceeding therefor may be brought.   (b) NO VIOLATION.
The execution, delivery, and performance by such Principal Stockholder will
not violate or result in a breach by such Principal Stockholder of, a
constitute a default under, or conflict with, or cause any acceleration of
any obligation with respect to (i) any provision or restriction of any
governing instrument or document of such Principal Stockholder; (ii)
any stockholders\' agreement, voting trust, proxy, or other similar
agreement; (iii) any loan agreement, indenture, lease, or mortgage to which
such Principal Stockholder is a party or by which such Principal Stockholder
is bound; or (iv) any order, judgment, award, decree, law, rule, ordinance,
regulation, or other restriction of any kind or character to which any assets
or properties of such Principal Stockholder is subject or by which such
Principal stockholder is bound, except with respect to clauses (iii) through
(iv), for any such violations, breaches, defaults or conflicts, acceleration,
or other occurrences, which would not, individually or in the aggregate, have
a material adverse effect on the business, assets, properties, or operations,
or on the condition, financial or otherwise, of such Principal
Stockholder.   SECTION 4.  COVENANTS   4.1 MUTUAL COVENANTS OF THE
PARTIES.   (a) BEST EFFORTS. Subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, each of the parties to this Agreement agrees to use its best
efforts in good faith to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do,
or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper, desirable, or advisable
under applicable laws, so as to enable the parties to consummate, as soon as
practicable, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby that
are required to be performed prior to or at the Effective Time, including the
satisfaction of the conditions set forth in this Agreement, and the parties
shall cooperate fully with each other to that end.   (b) APPROPRIATE
ACTIONS; CONSENTS; FILINGS. Each of the parties to this Agreement shall use
their best efforts to (i) obtain from any domestic or foreign governmental,
administrative, judicial or regulatory authority, agency,  
15  governmental, administrative, judicial or regulatory authority,
agency, commission, body, court, or other legislative, executive, or
judicial governmental entity (each a "Governmental Entity" and collectively,
the "Governmental Entities") any consents, approvals, authorizations,
permits, or orders of Governmental Entities that are required by applicable
law to be obtained to permit the parties to consummate the Merger
(collectively, the "Government Approvals") required to be obtained or made by
parties, or to avoid or cause to be withdrawn or terminated, without
prejudice to the parties, any action or proceeding by any Governmental
Entity, in connection with the authorization, execution, and delivery of this
Agreement and the consummation of the Merger; and (ii) make all necessary
filings, and thereafter make any other required submissions, with respect to
this Agreement and the Merger under any applicable laws; provided, that the
parties to this Agreement shall cooperate with each other in connection with
the preparation and making of all such filings, including, if requested and
subject to applicable laws regarding the exchange of information by providing
copies of all such documents to the non-filing party and its advisors prior
to filing and, if requested, to accept all reasonable changes suggested in
connection therewith provided that the reviewing party agrees to act
reasonably and as promptly as practicable. As promptly as practicable after
the date of this Agreement, Bear Lake shall provide to Smith and Wesson the
audited consolidated financial statements of Bear Lake and its subsidiaries
as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2006, which financial
statements will comply as to form in all material respects with the published
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission with respect
thereto. Smith and Wesson shall, within five (5) days after receipt of each
invoice submitted by Bear Lake to Smith and Wesson, pay the fees of Grant
Thornton, LLP ("Grant Thornton"), the independent registered public
accounting firm of Bear Lake, for the review and audit of the
foregoing financial statements of Bear Lake.   4.2 COVENANTS OF BEAR LAKE.
Bear Lake agrees that, unless permitted by this Agreement, required by
applicable law, or Smith and Wesson otherwise agrees in writing, prior to the
Effective Time, it will use its best efforts to comply and cause its
subsidiaries to comply with the following:   (a) PRESERVATION OF BUSINESS.
Bear Lake shall use its best efforts to (i) preserve intact the present
business organization of Bear Lake and its subsidiaries; (ii) preserve the
present goodwill and advantageous relationships of Bear Lake and its
subsidiaries with all persons having business dealings with Bear Lake or its
subsidiaries; and (iii) preserve and maintain in full force and effect all
licenses, registrations, franchises, patents, trademarks, copyrights, and
other similar rights of Bear Lake and its subsidiaries. Bear Lake and its
subsidiaries shall maintain in full force and effect all forms of insurance
that they are presently carrying.   (b) ORDINARY COURSE. Bear Lake and its
subsidiaries shall operate their businesses only in the usual, regular, and
ordinary course and manner. Without limiting the foregoing, neither Bear Lake
nor any subsidiary of Bear Lake shall (i) encumber or mortgage any of its
material assets or properties; (ii) incur any obligation (contingent or
otherwise) or purchase or acquire, or transfer or convey, any material assets
or properties or enter into any transaction or make or enter into any
contract or commitment, except in the ordinary course of business; (iii)
acquire any stock or other equity interest in any corporation, trust, or
other entity; (iv) create, incur, or assume any indebtedness for borrowed
money, except in the ordinary course of business, or incur, assume, or become
subject, whether directly or indirectly, by way of guaranty   16   or
otherwise, to any obligation or liability (whether absolute,
accrued, contingent, or otherwise and whether due or to become due) other
than obligations or liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business;
(v) fail to discharge or to satisfy any lien, claim, or encumbrance or fail
to pay or satisfy any claim, obligation, or liability (whether absolute,
accrued, contingent, or otherwise) when the same shall become due and
payable; (vi) sell, lease, assign, transfer, or otherwise dispose of any
asset or property having a book value in excess of $50,000 individually or
$100,000 in the aggregate, except for sales of inventory in the ordinary
course of business; (vii) knowingly permit or allow any material asset or
property to be subjected to any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) or enter
into any conditional sale or other title retention agreement with respect to
any material asset or property; (viii) change in any material respect the
accounting methods or practices followed by Bear Lake or any subsidiary of
Bear Lake, except as required by generally accepted accounting principles or
by a Governmental Entity; (ix) enter into any agreement with any labor union
or association representing any employee of Bear Lake or any subsidiary of
Bear Lake; (x) enter into, amend, terminate or fail to renew any material
contract, except in the ordinary course of business; (xi) make any capital
expenditures, capital additions, or capital improvements in excess of $50,000
individually or $100,000 in the aggregate, other than capital expenditures,
capital additions, or capital improvements contemplated in Bear Lake\'s 2006
operating budget, a copy of which has been furnished to Smith and Wesson; (xii)
make or revoke any material tax election, other than consistent with past
practice, unless required by applicable law, or resolve any tax audit or
other similar proceeding in respect of material taxes paid by Bear Lake
or any subsidiary of Bear Lake; (xiii) waive or settle any material claims
or rights relating to the business of Bear Lake or of any subsidiary of Bear
Lake; (xiv) transfer to or license any person or otherwise extend, modify, or
amend in any material respect, any rights to intellectual property, other
than in the ordinary course of business; or (xv) take any actions outside the
ordinary course of business designed to increase Bear Lake\'s cash position
prior to the Effective Time. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to
the contrary, Bear Lake (or any of its subsidiaries) shall be entitled to
effect a distribution prior to the Effective Time of those certain real
properties located at Route 11, Farmington, New Hampshire and consisting of
an aggregate of 94.6 acres, and Nadeau Drive, Gonic, New Hampshire and
consisting of 17.5 acres, each currently held in the name of O.L.
Development, Inc. (the "Permitted Distribution").   (c) BOOKS AND RECORDS.
Bear Lake and its subsidiaries shall maintain their books, accounts, and
records in the usual, regular, and ordinary manner and on a basis consistent
with prior years.   (d) COMPLIANCE WITH LAW. Bear Lake and its subsidiaries
shall comply in all material respects with all laws, regulations, and rules
applicable by them, the conduct of their business, and the ownership or use
of their assets and properties.   (e) NO ORGANIC CHANGE. Neither Bear Lake
nor any subsidiary of Bear Lake shall (i) amend its certificate of
incorporation or bylaws; (ii) make any change in its capital stock by
reclassification, subdivision, reorganization, or otherwise; or (iii) merge
or consolidate with any other corporation, trust, or other entity or change
the character of its business.   (f) NO ISSUANCE BY BEAR LAKE OF SHARES,
OPTIONS, OR OTHER RIGHTS. Neither Bear Lake nor any subsidiary of Bear Lake
shall (i) issue any shares of capital stock   17   except pursuant to
the terms of Bear Lake Options; or (ii) grant any option, warrant,
instrument, or other right to purchase or acquire shares of capital stock of
Bear Lake or any of its subsidiaries.   (g) COMPENSATION. Neither Bear Lake
nor any subsidiary of Bear Lake shall (i) increase the compensation payable
to any officer or to other senior management personnel, except in accordance
with normal and customary practice; or (ii) establish or change any Company
Benefit Plan, except for insubstantial changes necessary to comply with the
minimum requirements of the Code or ERISA, or except as disclosed in the Bear
Lake Disclosure Schedule. Bear Lake and its subsidiaries shall not enter into
any employment agreements with any of their officers or management personnel
that may not be cancelled without penalty upon notice not exceeding 90
days.   (h) DIVIDENDS. Neither Bear Lake nor any subsidiary of Bear Lake
shall (i) declare or pay any dividends on or make other distributions
in respect of any of its capital stock, except for dividends by a direct
or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Bear Lake to its parent or the
Permitted Distribution; (ii) split, combine, or reclassify any of its capital
stock or issue or authorize or propose the issuance of any other securities
in respect of, in lieu of, or in substitution for shares of its capital
stock; or (iii) repurchase, redeem, or otherwise acquire any shares of
capital stock or Bear Lake or its subsidiaries or any other securities
thereof.   (i) PREFERRED STOCK, BEAR LAKE OPTIONS, AND BEAR
LAKE INDEBTEDNESS. Bear Lake shall take all actions as may be necessary to
assure that only Bear Lake Common Stock shall be outstanding at the Effective
Time, that the Bear Lake Stock Options will be exercised or terminated as of
the Effective Time, and that the Bear Lake Indebtedness will be repaid at
the Effective Time, upon receipt of the Merger Consideration.   4.3
ENVIRONMENTAL REMEDIATION PLAN; ENVIRONMENTAL ESCROW.   (a) The Principal
Stockholders severally and not jointly agree to investigate and assess
Environmental Conditions (as defined in Section 4.3(m)(ii)) existing as of
the Effective Time on the real property located at 400 North Main Street,
Rochester, New Hampshire (the "Site"), and, to the extent necessary,
Remediate (as defined in Section 4.3(m)(vii)) the Site to the satisfaction of
the New Hampshire Department of Environmental Services ("DES"), including, as
applicable, the delivery of completion and no further action certificates
(the "DES Closure").   (b) The Principal Stockholders\' environmental
consultant shall implement the site assessment plan mutually agreed upon by
the parties respective environmental consulting firms and attached hereto as
Exhibit C (the "SAP") and shall immediately provide Smith and Wesson with
copies of all sample analytical results and boring logs upon receipt, and all
draft and final copies of the SAP report for Smith and Wesson\'s review and
comment. The Principal Stockholders\' environmental consultant shall use its
best efforts to complete the work contemplated by the SAP within 60 days of
the date of this Agreement; provided, however, that in no event will such
work be completed any later than 120 days of the date of this Agreement. In
addition, upon mutual agreement of the Principal Stockholders\' environmental
consultant and Smith and Wesson, or its designee, within five business days
following the date of this Agreement,   18   the Principal Stockholders\'
environmental consultant shall submit a letter to the DES notifying DES that
the Principal Stockholders will be submitting an environmental site
assessment report for review in accordance with the procedures provided in
guidance document WMD-REM-10, and shall also identify the Site and provide a
designated contact (the "DES Letter"). The DES letter shall be sent to the
DES by certified mail, return receipt requested, with a copy to Smith and
Wesson and to Smith and Wesson\'s environmental consulting firm. In the event
the Principal Stockholders\' environmental consultant and Smith and Wesson are
unable to agree on the advisability of submitting the DES Letter, the parties
shall submit the matter in accordance with the dispute resolution described
in Section 4.3(c)(ii) below.   (c) If the results of the SAP indicate that
Hazardous Materials (as defined in Section 4.3(m)(v)) exist in the soil or
groundwater at levels above DES groundwater quality standards, then:   (i)
The Principal Stockholders\' environmental consultant shall notify the DES in
accordance with applicable DES policies and procedures of the Environmental
Conditions on the Site and complete in a commercially reasonable time any
response or other action required by the DES; and   (ii) The Principal
Stockholders\' environmental consultant shall promptly meet and confer with
the DES for the purpose of developing a proposed remedial action plan ("RAP")
for the Site and any impaired down gradient properties that will be
sufficient to obtain DES Closure if implemented. The Principal Stockholders\'
environmental consultant shall also promptly meet and confer with Smith and
Wesson, or its designee, to develop an agreed RAP. If the parties are unable
to agree on a proposed RAP, the parties shall promptly retain Sanborn Head and
Associates or, if Sanborn Head and Associates is unavailable, another mutually
acceptable independent environmental consultant (collectively, the "IEC"), to
resolve the dispute. The parties shall exchange all communications with the
IEC regarding the dispute, the IEC\'s resolution of the dispute shall be
binding and final. The parties shall each pay fifty percent of the IEC\'s
fees for providing such dispute resolution services.   (d) The RAP shall be
developed and proposed in accordance with applicable DES policies and
procedures to achieve DES Closure, be commercially reasonable for the Site
and formulated so as not to unreasonably interrupt, interfere, impair, or
limit Smith and Wesson\'s commercially reasonable use of the Site in
substantially the same manner as it is being used at the Effective Time.  
(e) Upon the DES\' approval of the RAP, the Principal Stockholders\'
environmental consulting firm will implement the RAP in a commercially
reasonable time, and will serve as the primary point of contact with the DES
regarding RAP implementation.   (f) Smith and Wesson agrees, warrants, and
covenants that the Principal Stockholders, their consultants, agents,
contractors and representatives, shall have the right to enter upon the Site,
take samples from the Site, erect structures and equipment upon the Site, and
make such installations and take such remediation and other actions upon the
Site as may be required to complete the SAP and the RAP, and to obtain DES
Closure (collectively, the "Work"), subject to the following terms and
conditions:   19    (i) Smith and Wesson hereby grants each
Principal Stockholder (each a "Licensee") a limited license (the "License"),
with the right to sublicense to the Licensee Parties (as defined below) to
enter upon the Site for the sole purpose of completing the Work. Each
Licensee severally agrees that (1) this License does not convey an easement
or other legal interest in the Site; (2) Smith and Wesson makes no
representations or warranties regarding either the Site\'s physical condition
or the presence or absence of conditions that might pose a danger to persons
entering thereon; and (3) each Licensee knowingly and intentionally assumes
for itself and for its contractors, subcontractors, employees, agents,
representatives, consultants, and all other persons associated with or
involved in the Work ("Licensee Parties"), all risk of economic loss or
personal injury that might occur during the Work due to all pre-existing Site
conditions, all Licensee Parties\' acts or omissions, or otherwise. This
License terminates without notice upon the DES Closure.   (ii) Smith and
Wesson or its designee may accompany and observe all Licensee Parties who
enter the Site at all times, and shall be entitled to take split samples at
Smith and Wesson\'s sole cost and expense; provided, however, that Smith and
Wesson and its designee shall comply with the requirements of the health and
safety plan prepared by the Licensee Parties pursuant to Section 4.3(f)(v)(3)
while present within active Work areas.   (iii) The Licensee Parties shall
give Smith and Wesson reasonable notice of the time and place that Work is to
occur. All Work shall be performed at the Licensees\' sole cost and expense
and in a good and workman-like manner by contractors reasonably acceptable to
Smith and Wesson, which acceptance shall not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed. Each Licensee is severally responsible for keeping the Site free of
judgments and liens by any person who performs any Work, and each Licensee
agrees to promptly bond or cause such judgments or liens to be discharged
upon demand by Smith and Wesson.   (iv) The Licensees shall cause each
Licensee Party to obtain all necessary governmental and utility permits and
approvals for any Work, and to provide copies and certification thereof to
Smith and Wesson not less than three business days prior to commencement
thereof.   (v) Each Licensee severally warrants and agrees that: (1) all
Work shall be performed in compliance with Environmental Laws; (2) all the
Licensee Parties\' workers shall be appropriately trained and licensed;
(3) an OSHA site-specific health and safety plan that complies with 29 CFR
Section 1910.120 and all other applicable law shall be prepared and furnished
to Smith and Wesson prior to any Licensee Party\'s entry onto the Site; (4) the
Licensees shall be solely responsible for the appropriate handling,
storage, transportation, and disposal of all waste generated during the Work,
including but not limited to soil borings, cuttings, and groundwater samples,
and be listed as the waste "generator" on all manifests and filings; and (5)
the Licensees shall immediately notify Smith and Wesson of any Site condition
that may threaten or impair the health or safety of persons on, entering, or
adjacent to the Site.   (vi) The Licensee Parties shall not
unreasonably interfere with the ingress or egress of Smith and Wesson
employees, contractors, invitees, or other persons permitted or having a
lawful right to be on the Site. All Licensee Party workers shall carry and
display identification cards substantially in the same form and manner as
Smith and Wesson\'s own   20   employees. Except as otherwise expressly
authorized by Smith and Wesson in writing, the Licensee Parties shall perform
Work on the Site only between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m., Monday
through Friday, excluding legal holidays. The Licensees shall cause the
Licensee Parties to use best efforts to limit noise, dust, debris, odors, and
all other adverse effects and disruption due to the Work.   (vii) The
Licensee Parties shall stage and/or store all equipment or material for the
Work in a commercially reasonable manner, with the understanding that Smith and
Wesson is not responsible for any loss of or damage thereto. The Licensees
shall cause the Licensee Parties to ensure all areas of the Site on which
Work is being performed shall be supervised, secured, and/or protected in a
commercially reasonable manner and in accordance with applicable law.  
(viii) Unless otherwise agreed in writing by Smith and Wesson, the Licensees
shall cause the Licensee Parties to promptly: (1) restore all Site areas
disturbed or affected by Work; (2) remove all equipment, materials and waste
used or generated during the Work; (3) fill excavated areas with clean fill
compacted to 95% Standard Proctor density; (4) seal all bore holes; (5) cap
and lock monitoring wells; (6) promptly repair or replace in a commercially
reasonable manner all sidewalks, pavement, foundations and improvements
damaged or impaired by the Work; and (7) leave the Site in a
safe condition.   (ix) The Licensees shall cause the Licensee Parties
to maintain insurance to cover any litigation, claims, demands, damages,
liability, losses, costs and expenses arising out of or due to the Work.
Before the Work commences and the Licensee Parties enter the Site, the
Licensees shall cause each Licensee Party performing any work to provide
Smith and Wesson with Certificates of Insurance from their insurers with an AM
Best\'s rating of B++ or better that provides the following coverage and
limits: (1) $5 million per occurrence and annual aggregate for commercial
general liability including contractor\'s pollution liability coverage; (2)
$2 million per occurrence for auto liability; and (3) $1 million per
occurrence and annual aggregate for employer\'s liability coverage. Smith and
Wesson shall be an additional insured on all such Licensee Parties\'
policies.   (x) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the
Licensees shall severally indemnify, defend (using counsel approved by Smith
and Wesson), and hold harmless Smith and Wesson, its directors, officers,
employees, agents, and representatives (collectively the "Indemnitees") from
and against any and all causes of action, damages, claims, demands,
judgments, liens, litigation, liability, penalties, orders, loss, cost and/or
expense, including attorneys\' fees, which may at any time be
asserted against or incurred by any one or more of the Indemnitees due to
acts or omissions of a Licensee Party performing the Work or the off-site
disposal of waste or Hazardous Materials generated by the Work.   (xi) The
Licensees do not have an express or implied right by reason of this Agreement
or otherwise to make any commitments or agreements that will cause the
imposition of land use or "deed restrictions" or long term engineering
controls on the Site without the consent of Smith and Wesson, which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.   21    (g) Each of Smith
and Wesson and the Licensees acknowledges that it desires to complete the Work
and obtain DES Closure as soon as practicable. Accordingly, Smith and Wesson
shall cooperate in a commercially reasonable manner with the Principal
Stockholders and the Licensee Parties to complete the Work and obtain DES
Closure, including by promptly providing approval as may be required from
time to time pursuant to applicable provisions under this Section 4.3. The
Principal Stockholders shall, and shall use their best efforts to cause the
Licensee Parties to, complete the Work and obtain DES Closure within
a commercially reasonable time.   (h) Smith and Wesson shall receive notice
of and/or copies of all communications (including but not limited to, letters
and emails) between either the Principal Stockholders, their environmental
consulting firm, and/or any other person acting by or on the Principal
Stockholders\' behalf, and the DES. Smith and Wesson shall receive reasonable
prior notice of and have the right to participate in any meetings or calls
between the DES and the Principal Stockholders, their environmental
consulting firm, and/or any other person acting by or on the Principal
Stockholders\' behalf. Unless otherwise required by law, and provided that
the Principal Stockholders are otherwise in compliance with this Agreement,
Smith and Wesson agrees that neither it nor any of its agents or
representatives, including its environmental consulting firm, will
initiate communications with the DES regarding the SAP or RAP without first
communicating with the Principal Stockholders and upon the Principal
Stockholders\' prior approval, which shall not be unreasonably be
withheld.   (i) Upon the DES\' approval of the RAP and before
its implementation, the Principal Stockholders\' environmental consulting
firm shall make a reasonable estimate of the costs to implement the RAP,
including a reasonable and appropriate contingency (the "Estimated
Environmental Costs"). The Principal Stockholders shall provide the estimate
to Smith and Wesson for review and comment. If Smith and Wesson objects to the
estimate, Smith and Wesson shall promptly identify its objections in writing to
the Principal Stockholders, who shall promptly review the objections and make
reasonable efforts to meet and confer with Smith and Wesson to reach agreement
regarding the estimate. If the parties are unable to agree on a mutually
acceptable estimate, then the parties shall promptly refer their dispute to
the IEC for resolution. The IEC\'s determination shall be binding and
final.   (j) At the Closing, Smith and Wesson shall deposit $8,000,000 of the
Merger Consideration, less any amounts paid by Bear Lake and/or the Principal
Stockholders prior to Closing in connection with the activities described in
this Section 4.3 and Section 4.6, into an escrow account (the "Environmental
Escrow") upon the terms and conditions of an escrow agreement substantially
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D (the "Escrow Agreement"). The
Environmental Escrow shall serve (i) to pay for the Environmental Costs
(as defined in Section 4.3(m)(iii)), up to $5,500,000 and (ii) as security
for the Principal Stockholders\' indemnification obligations under Section
7.1(b), up to $2,500,000 (the "Environmental Indemnity Escrow"). The
Principal Stockholders may, in their sole discretion, either submit
Environmental Costs directly to the escrow agent for payment or may seek
reimbursement for Environmental Costs paid by the Principal Stockholders from
the escrow agent, which shall be paid in accordance with the Escrow
Agreement. The escrow agent shall provide an accounting to the parties of
Environmental Costs submitted and paid at the end of   22   each
calendar quarter. The Principal Stockholders, as a group, and Smith and Wesson
shall bear the costs of the escrow agent fees equally.   (k) Upon the
earlier of (i) eighteen months after the Effective Time and (ii) a final
determination of the Estimated Environmental Costs, an amount equal to the
difference between (I)(A) the amount in the Environmental Escrow at the
Effective Time less (B) $2,500,000 and (II) the Environmental Costs shall be
distributed to the Principal Stockholders on a pro rata basis. In the event
the Environmental Costs exceed $5,500,000, Smith and Wesson shall pay all costs
in excess of such amount.   (l) Upon the eighteenth month anniversary of the
Effective Time, any remaining amounts in the Environmental Escrow shall be
distributed to the Principal Stockholders on a pro rata basis, provided,
however, that if there are any known actual or reasonably ascertainable
Indemnified Environmental Losses (as defined in Section 7.1(b)), then any
amount distributable under this Section 4.3(l) shall first be applied to such
Indemnified Environmental Losses in accordance with the procedures and
limitations set forth in Section 7 before any distribution to the Principal
Stockholders; provided, further that the aggregate amount of the
Environmental Indemnity Escrow distributed in respect of such Indemnified
Environmental Losses shall not exceed $2,500,000.   (m) For purposes of this
Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below:  
(i) "Environment" means all surface water, ground water, drinking water
supply, land surface or subsurface strata, or ambient air, and includes, but
is not limited to, all "facilities" as defined at 42 U.S.C. Section
9601(9).   (ii) "Environmental Condition" means the actual or threatened
Release of Hazardous Materials into the Environment in, on, or from the Site
or by Bear Lake or its subsidiaries.   (iii) "Environmental Costs" means all
costs and expenses associated with the development and implementation of the
SAP and RAP, to obtain DES Closure, and to complete the OSHA Compliance Tasks
(as defined in Section 4.6).   (iv) "Environmental Laws" means all federal,
state, and local statutes, ordinances, orders (including orders on consent),
permits, judgments, agreements, rules, regulations, guidance, and common law
duties relating to or concerning human health or the Environment.
"Environmental Law" includes, but is not limited to, statutes, permits,
rules, and common law duties regulating or relating to human exposure to or
the discharge, Release, removal, generation, storage, transportation, or
disposal of Hazardous Materials into the Environment.   (v) "Hazardous
Materials" means any and all substances (whether solid, liquid or gas): (A)
that are "pollutants," as defined at 33 U.S.C. Section 1362(6), "solid
waste," as defined at 42 U.S.C. Section 6903(27), "hazardous waste," as
defined at 42 U.S.C. Section 6903(5), or "hazardous substances," as defined
at 42 U.S.C. Section 9601(14); or (B) that may harm or impair human health or
the Environment, including, but not limited to, petroleum and petroleum  
23   products and constituents, asbestos and asbestos-containing
materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, lead, radon, chlorinated solvents,
radioactive materials, flammables, explosives, and biological contaminants
such as mold or microbial matter, or (C) that are regulated by Environmental
Laws.   (vi) "Release" means any "release" as defined at 42 U.S.C. Section
9601(22), "disposal," as defined at 42 U.S.C. Section 6903(3), spill,
migration, or other movement of, or human exposure to,
Hazardous Materials.   (vii) "Remediate" or "Remediation" means
the implementation and completion of the RAP and such other measures as
required by the DES to achieve DES Closure.   4.4 FILINGS UNDER THE HSR ACT
AND OTHER ANTITRUST FILINGS.   (a) GENERAL. The parties acknowledge that the
Merger may require filings with the United States Federal Trade Commission
("FTC") and the Antitrust Division of the United States Department of Justice
(the "Antitrust Division") under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements
Act of 1976, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder
(the "HSR Act") and with certain foreign jurisdictions under applicable
foreign competition or merger Laws (each an "Antitrust Law" and collectively,
the "Antitrust Laws").   (b) CONSENTS; APPROVALS.   (i) The parties shall
use their best efforts to as promptly as practicable obtain, and cooperate
with each other in order to obtain, all consents, waivers, approvals,
authorizations, or orders and to make all filings (including, without
limitation, the filings under the HSR Act and other Antitrust Laws and all
other filings with Governmental Entities) lawfully required to be obtained
from or filed with all applicable Governmental Entities in connection with
the authorization, execution, and delivery of this Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.   (ii) Each party
shall (A) file or cause to be filed with the FTC and the Antitrust Division,
and with any other Governmental Entities, if applicable, as promptly as
practicable but in no event later than the tenth business day after the
execution and delivery of this Agreement, all reports and other documents
required to be filed by such party under the HSR Act or other applicable
Antitrust Laws concerning the transactions contemplated hereby and (B)
promptly comply with or cause to be complied with any requests by
any Governmental Entity for additional information concerning such
transactions, in each case so that the waiting period applicable to this
Agreement shall expire as soon as practicable after the execution and
delivery of this Agreement.   (iii) The parties shall furnish to the other
parties\' outside counsel all information about such party or its affiliates,
if any, required to be included in any application or other filing to be made
by such other party pursuant to the rules and regulations of any Governmental
Entity in connection with the Merger, subject to applicable law and
privileges, including the attorney-client privilege.   24    (iv) In
furtherance and not in limitation of the agreements of the parties contained
in this Section 4.4, each party shall use its reasonable efforts to resolve
such objections, if any, as may be asserted by a Governmental Entity or other
person with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby under any
applicable law. Smith and Wesson shall pay the applicable HSR Act filing fee
and all other antitrust notification filing fees required in any other
applicable jurisdiction.   4.5 OTHER ACQUISITION PROPOSALS.   (a) NO
SOLICITATION. Bear Lake shall not, nor shall it permit any of its affiliates
or subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, or employees
or any agent, representative, investment banker, financial advisor, attorney,
accountant, or other person or firm engaged by it or any of it subsidiaries,
to directly or indirectly, (i) solicit, initiate, or encourage the submission
of proposals or offers from any third party relating to any Acquisition
Proposal (as defined below) relating to Bear Lake or any of its affiliates or
subsidiaries; (ii) cooperate with or furnish or cause to be furnished any
Evaluation Material (as defined in the Confidentiality Agreement between
Smith and Wesson and Bear Lake) concerning Bear Lake to any third party
in connection with any Acquisition Proposal relating to Bear Lake or any of
its affiliates or subsidiaries; (iii) participate in any negotiations
regarding, or take any other action to facilitate any inquiries or the making
of any proposal that constitutes, or may reasonably be expected to lead to,
any Acquisition Proposal relating to Bear Lake or any of its affiliates or
subsidiaries; or (iv) enter into any agreement or understanding with any
other person or entity with the intent to effect any Acquisition Proposal
relating to Bear Lake or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries. As used in
this Agreement, "Acquisition Proposal" means any of the following
transactions involving Bear Lake or any of its subsidiaries, other than
negotiating a mutually acceptable business combination as contemplated by
this Agreement, (i) any merger, consolidation, share exchange or purchase,
reorganization, recapitalization, business combination, or other similar
transaction; (ii) any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer, or
other disposition (whether in a single transaction or series of
transactions), of assets either constituting 5% or more of Bear Lake\'s
consolidated assets or which generate 5% or more of Bear Lake\'s consolidated
revenue; (iii) any tender offer or exchange offer for 5% or more of the
outstanding shares of Bear Lake\'s capital stock, including tender
offers; (iv) any person acquiring beneficial ownership or the right to
acquire beneficial ownership of, or any "group" (as such term is defined
under Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, being
formed, which beneficially owns or has the right to acquire beneficial
ownership of, 5% or more of the then outstanding shares of Bear Lake\'s
capital stock (other than persons or "groups" that beneficially own or have
the right to acquire beneficial ownership of 5% of more of the outstanding
shares of Bear Lake\'s capital stock as of the date hereof); or (v) any
public announcement of a proposal, plan, or intention to do any of the
foregoing or any agreement to engage in any of the foregoing.   (b) CHANGE
IN RECOMMENDATION. Neither the Board of Directors of Bear Lake nor any
committee thereof shall (i) withdraw or modify, or propose to withdraw or
modify, in a manner adverse to Smith and Wesson, the approval or recommendation
of this Agreement or the Merger by the Board of Directors or such committee;
(ii) approve or recommend, or propose to approve or recommend,
any Acquisition Proposal; or (iii) cause Bear Lake to enter into any
agreement with respect to any Acquisition Proposal.   25    4.6 OSHA
COMPLIANCE. The Principal Stockholders severally and not jointly warrant and
agree that the OSHA compliance tasks set forth on Schedule 4.6 (the "OSHA
Compliance Tasks") shall be completed at the Principal Stockholders\' sole
cost and expense, subject to reimbursement from the Environmental Escrow
pursuant to Section 4.3(j). The Principal Stockholders shall cause Bear Lake
to use its best efforts to complete the OSHA Compliance Tasks prior to the
Effective Time.   4.7 PRESS RELEASES AND ANNOUNCEMENTS. Before the Effective
Time, no press releases related to this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated herein or other announcements to the employees, customers, or
suppliers of Bear Lake shall be issued by any party without the mutual
approval of the parties, except for any public disclosure which any party in
good faith believes is required by law or regulation (in which case the
disclosure shall be prepared jointly by Bear Lake and Smith and Wesson). After
the Effective Time, no press releases related to this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated herein, or other announcements to the employees,
customers, or suppliers of Smith and Wesson or any of its subsidiaries shall be
issued by Bear Lake without the prior approval of Smith and Wesson, except for
any public disclosure which is required by law or regulation (in which case
the disclosure shall be prepared jointly by Bear Lake and Smith and
Wesson).   4.8 ADVICE OF CHANGES. The parties shall promptly advise each
other orally and in writing of (a) any representation or warranty made by it
contained in this Agreement becoming untrue or inaccurate in any material
respect, (b) the failure by it to comply with or satisfy in any material
respect any covenant, condition, or agreement to be complied with or
satisfied by it under this Agreement or (c) any change or event which has
resulted, or which, insofar as can reasonably be foreseen, would result, in
any of the conditions set forth in Section 5 not being satisfied; provided,
however, that no such notification shall affect the representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements of the parties or the conditions to the
obligations of the parties under this Agreement.   SECTION 5.  CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT TO OBLIGATIONS   5.1 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF
SMITH and WESSON AND SWAC. The obligations of Smith and Wesson and SWAC under
this Agreement are, at the option of Smith and Wesson and SWAC, subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions on or before the Effective
Time:   (a) ACCURACY OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The representations
and warranties of Bear Lake herein contained shall have been true and correct
in all material respects when made, and, in addition, shall be true and
correct in all material respects on and as of the Effective Time with the
same force and effect as though made on and as of the Effective Time,
except as affected by transactions contemplated hereby.   (b) PERFORMANCE
OF AGREEMENTS. Bear Lake shall have, in all material respects, performed all
obligations and agreements and complied with all covenants and conditions
contained in this Agreement to be performed and complied with by it on or
prior to the Effective Time.   26    (c) CORPORATE APPROVALS. All
necessary corporate action on the part of the directors and stockholders of
Bear Lake adopting this Agreement and approving the transactions contemplated
hereby shall have been taken by December 22, 2006. Without limiting the
foregoing, the Principal Stockholders shall have executed and delivered to
Smith and Wesson the Voting Agreement forming Exhibit B hereto.   (d) OPINION
OF COUNSEL FOR BEAR LAKE. Smith and Wesson shall have received an opinion of
Stradling Yocca Carlson and Rauth, counsel for Bear Lake and the Principal
Stockholders, dated the Effective Time, in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to Smith and Wesson and its counsel, to the effect that:   (i)
Bear Lake is a corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good
standing under the laws of the state of Delaware and has the corporate power
and authority under the laws of such state to own, lease, and operate its
properties, to carry on its business as being conducted, and to consummate
the Merger;   (ii) Each subsidiary of Bear Lake (including Thompson Center
Arms, Inc.) is a corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good
standing under the laws of the state of its incorporation and has
the corporate power and authority under the laws of such state to own, lease,
and operate its assets and properties, to carry on its business as being
conducted, and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby;   (iii)
All necessary corporate proceedings of the board of directors and the
stockholders of Bear Lake to approve and adopt this Agreement and to
authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation
of the Merger contemplated hereby have been duly and validly taken;   (iv)
Bear Lake has the corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this
Agreement, and this Agreement has been duly authorized, executed, and
delivered by it and constitutes its legal, valid, and binding obligation
except that the enforceability thereof may be subject to (A) bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or other similar laws now
or hereafter in effect relating to creditors\' rights generally, and (B)
general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforcement is
sought in a proceeding in equity or at law);   (v) Such counsel knows of no
actions, suits, or proceedings pending or threatened against or affecting
Bear Lake of any of its subsidiaries at law or in equity, or before or by any
foreign, federal, state, municipal, or other governmental department,
commission, board, bureau, agency, or instrumentality that would result in a
breach of the representation and warranty set forth in Section 3.1(j) of this
Agreement;   (vi) The consummation of the Merger will not violate or result
in a breach of or constitute a default by Bear Lake or any subsidiary of Bear
Lake under any provision of any Contract, order, judgment, decree,
award, ordinance, regulation, or any other restriction set forth on Schedule
3.1(p) of the Bear Lake Disclosure Schedule, to which Bear Lake or any
subsidiary of Bear Lake is a party or by which it is bound; and   27   
(vii) Each Principal Stockholder has the power and authority to execute,
deliver, and perform this Agreement and the Voting Agreement and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution,
delivery, and performance of this Agreement and the Voting Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been
duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of each Principal
Stockholder. This Agreement and the Voting Agreement have been duly executed
by or on behalf of each Principal Stockholder and constitute legal, valid,
and binding obligations of the Principal Stockholders, enforceable against
such Principal Stockholders in accordance with their terms, except
as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, or
other similar laws and except that the availability of equitable remedies,
including specific performance, is subject to the direction of the court
before which any proceeding for such remedy may be brought.   (e) NO
MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT. There shall be no Material Adverse Effect since the
date of this Agreement.   (f) LITIGATION. No action or proceeding by any
governmental agency shall have been instituted or threatened that would
enjoin, restrain, or prohibit, or might result in substantial damages in
respect of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, and would, in the reasonable judgment of
Smith and Wesson and SWAC, make it inadvisable to consummate such transaction,
and no court order shall have been entered in any action or proceeding
instituted by any other party that enjoins, restrains, or prohibits this
Agreement or consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   (g) DISSENTERS\' RIGHTS. Dissenters\' rights of appraisal
under the Delaware General Corporation Law shall not have been effectively
preserved as of the Effective Time by owners of more than 5% of the
outstanding shares of Bear Lake Capital Stock.   (h) OFFICERS\'
CERTIFICATE. Bear Lake shall deliver to Smith and Wesson a certificate in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to Smith and Wesson and its counsel,
executed by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Bear
Lake, certifying that the conditions specified in Sections 5.1(a) and 5.1(b)
have been fulfilled.   (i) TERMINATION OF HSR ACT WAITING PERIOD. Any and
all applicable waiting periods under the HSR Act and other applicable
Antitrust Laws with respect to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement shall have expired or shall have been terminated.   (j)
RETIREMENT OF OBLIGATIONS. Upon the receipt of the Merger Consideration,
there shall be no outstanding shares of Bear Lake Preferred Stock, Bear Lake
Options, or Bear Lake Indebtedness.   (k) ESCROW AGREEMENT. The Principal
Stockholders and Smith and Wesson shall have entered into the Escrow
Agreement.   (l) OSHA MATTERS. The OSHA Compliance Tasks shall either
have been completed by Bear Lake or its subsidiaries or the Principal
Stockholders shall have made   28   provision, including through deposit
of cash or other resources, which to the reasonable satisfaction of Smith and
Wesson shall be sufficient to obtain completion.   5.2 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF BEAR LAKE. The obligations of Bear Lake under this
Agreement are, at the option of Bear Lake, subject to the satisfaction or
waiver of the following conditions on or before the Effective Time:   (a)
ACCURACY OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The representations and
warranties of Smith and Wesson and SWAC herein contained shall have been true
and correct in all material respects when made and, in addition, shall be
true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Effective Time
with the same force and effect as though made on and as of the
Effective Time, except as affected by transactions contemplated hereby.  
(b) PERFORMANCE OF AGREEMENTS. Smith and Wesson and SWAC shall have, in all
material respects, performed all obligations and agreements and complied with
all covenants and conditions contained in this Agreement to be performed and
complied with by them on or prior to the Effective Time.   (c) CORPORATE
APPROVAL. All necessary corporate action on the part of the directors of
Smith and Wesson and the directors and stockholders of SWAC approving and
adopting this Agreement and approving the transactions contemplated hereby
shall have been taken by December 22, 2006.   (d) OPINION OF COUNSEL FOR
SMITH and WESSON AND SWAC. Bear Lake shall have received an opinion of
Greenberg Traurig, LLP, counsel for Smith and Wesson and SWAC, dated the
Effective Time, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Bear Lake
and its counsel, to the effect that:   (i) Each of Smith and Wesson and SWAC
is a corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under
the laws of the state of its incorporation and has the corporate power and
authority under the laws of such state to own, lease, and operate its
properties, to carry on its business as being conducted, and to consummate
the Merger contemplated hereby;   (ii) All necessary corporate proceedings
of the Board of Directors of Smith and Wesson and the Board of Directors and
stockholders of SWAC to approve and adopt this Agreement and to authorize the
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the Merger
have been duly and validly taken; and   (iii) Each of Smith and Wesson and
SWAC has the corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this
Agreement, and this Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and
delivered by it and constitutes its legal, valid, and binding obligation
except that the enforceability thereof may be subject to (A) bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or other similar laws now or
hereafter in effect relating to creditors\' rights generally, and (B) general
principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforcement is sought in a
proceeding in equity or at law).   29    (e) LITIGATION. No action or
proceeding by any governmental agency shall have been instituted or
threatened that would enjoin, restrain, or prohibit, or might result in
substantial damages in respect of this Agreement or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and would, in the reasonable
judgment of Bear Lake, make it inadvisable to consummate such transaction,
and no court order shall have been entered in any action or proceeding
instituted by any other party that enjoins, restrains, or prohibits this
Agreement or consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement.   (f) OFFICERS\' CERTIFICATE. Smith and Wesson shall deliver
to Bear Lake a certificate in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
Bear Lake and its counsel, executed by the Chief Executive Officers and
Chief Financial Officers of Smith and Wesson and SWAC, certifying that the
conditions specified in Sections 5.2(a) and 5.2(b) have been fulfilled.  
(g) TERMINATION OF HSR ACT WAITING PERIOD. Any and all applicable waiting
periods under the HSR Act and other applicable Antitrust Laws with respect to
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have expired or shall
have been terminated.   (h) ESCROW AGREEMENT. The Principal Stockholders and
Smith and Wesson shall have entered into the Escrow Agreement.   (i) OSHA
MATTERS. The OSHA Compliance Tasks shall have been completed by Bear Lake or
its subsidiaries.   SECTION 6.  WAIVER, MODIFICATION, ABANDONMENT   6.1
WAIVERS. The failure of Bear Lake to comply with any of its obligations,
agreements, or conditions as set forth herein may be waived expressly in
writing by Smith and Wesson and SWAC, by action of their respective Boards of
Directors without the requirement for a vote of stockholders. The failure of
Smith and Wesson and SWAC to comply with any of their obligations, agreements,
or conditions as set forth herein may be waived expressly in writing by Bear
Lake by action of its Board of Directors without the vote
of stockholders.   6.2 MODIFICATION. This Agreement may be modified at any
time in any respect by the written mutual consent of all of the parties,
notwithstanding prior approval by stockholders. Any such modification may be
approved for any party by its Board of Directors, without further stockholder
approval, except that the Merger Consideration to be issued in exchange for
the shares of Bear Lake Capital Stock may not be decreased without the
consent of Bear Lake stockholders given by the same vote as is required under
applicable state law for approval of this Agreement.   6.3 ABANDONMENT. The
Merger may be abandoned on or before the Effective Time notwithstanding
adoption of this Agreement by the parties hereto:   (a) By the mutual
agreement of the Boards of Directors of Smith and Wesson, SWAC, and Bear
Lake;   30    (b) By the Boards of Directors of Smith and Wesson and SWAC,
if any of the conditions provided in Section 5.1 shall not have been
satisfied, complied with, or performed in any material respect, and Smith and
Wesson and SWAC shall not have waived in writing such failure of
satisfaction, noncompliance, or nonperformance;   (c) By the Board of
Directors of Bear Lake, if any of the conditions provided in Section 5.2
shall not have been satisfied, complied with, or performed in any material
respect, and Bear Lake shall not have waived in writing such failure of
satisfaction, noncompliance, or nonperformance; or   (d) At the option of
Smith and Wesson, SWAC, and Bear Lake, if there shall have been instituted and
be pending or threatened any legal proceeding before any court or
governmental agency seeking to restrain or prohibit or to obtain damages in
respect of this Agreement or the consummation of the Merger contemplated by
this Agreement, or if any order restraining or prohibiting the Merger shall
have been issued by any court or governmental agency and shall be in
effect.   In the event of any termination pursuant to this Section 6.3
(other than pursuant to Section 6.3(a) hereof) written notice setting forth
the reasons thereof shall forthwith be given by Bear Lake if it is the
terminating party, to Smith and Wesson and SWAC, or by Smith and Wesson and SWAC,
if they are the terminating parties, to Bear Lake. This Agreement shall
terminate automatically if the Effective Time shall not have occurred on or
before January 31, 2007, or such later date as shall have been agreed to by
the parties hereto under Section 6.2.   6.4 EFFECT OF ABANDONMENT. If the
Merger is abandoned as provided for in this Section 6, (a) this Agreement
shall forthwith become wholly void and of no effect without liability to any
party to this Agreement or to the directors, officers, representatives, and
agents of any such party; provided, however, that each party shall remain
liable for any liabilities resulting from (i) any breach of any covenant
contained herein occurring prior to such termination, or (ii) any breach of
or inaccuracy in any representation or warranty occurring prior to such
termination, and (b) each of Smith and Wesson, SWAC, Bear Lake, and the
Principal Stockholders shall each pay its own fees and expenses incident to
the negotiation, preparation, and execution of this Agreement and the
obtaining of the necessary approvals thereof, including fees and expenses of
its counsel, accountants, investment bankers, and other experts. This Section
6.4, Section 6.5, and Section 9 shall remain in full force and effect
following such termination in accordance with their respective terms.  
SECTION 7.  INDEMNIFICATION   7.1 INDEMNIFICATION BY THE PRINCIPAL
STOCKHOLDERS.   (a) The Principal Stockholders covenant and agree, severally
and not jointly, to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless for, from, and
against, and will pay to Smith and Wesson, the amount of any and all damages,
losses, liabilities (absolute and contingent), fines, penalties, costs, and
expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable counsel and accountants
fees, costs, and expenses, (collectively "Losses") (including those incurred
in the investigation,   31   defense, or settlement with respect to or
arising out of any demand, claim, inquiry, investigation, proceeding, action,
or cause of action), whether or not involving a third-party claim, that Smith
and Wesson may suffer or incur by reason of (a) the inaccuracy of any of the
representations or warranties of Bear Lake contained in this Agreement, or
any of the agreements, certificates, documents, exhibits, or schedules
delivered in connection with this Agreement; or (b) the failure of Bear Lake
to comply with, or the breach, or the default by Bear Lake of, any of the
covenants or agreements made by Bear Lake contained in this Agreement, or any
of the agreements, certificates, documents, exhibits, or schedules delivered
in connection with this Agreement.   (b) In addition, the Principal
Stockholders covenant and agree, severally and not jointly, to defend,
indemnify, and hold harmless for, from, and against, and will pay to Smith and
Wesson the amount of any and all Losses resulting from any third party
claims, demands, suits, orders (including orders on consent), or judgments
(including judgments on consent) (i) alleging a violation of Environmental
Laws by Bear Lake or any of its subsidiaries prior to the Effective Time,
including Losses incurred due to third party claims, demands, suits, orders
(including orders on consent), or judgments (including judgments on consent)
that are for or in the nature of statutory response, removal, remediation, or
cleanup of real property, soil, surface water, or groundwater; penalties or
fines; natural resource damages; equitable remedies; contribution; common law
nuisance; or personal injury or property damage torts or (ii) that arise
from, relate to, or are allegedly a result of: (A) any Environmental
Conditions existing as of or prior to the Effective Time; (B) the Release
into the Environment of Hazardous Materials generated, transported
or disposed by Bear Lake and/or its subsidiaries (including but not limited
to Hazardous Materials disposed off-Site) prior to the Effective Time; or (C)
human exposure to Hazardous Materials Released, generated, transported, or
disposed by Bear Lake and/or its subsidiaries prior to the Effective Time,
including employee exposure to Hazardous Materials during Bear Lake and/or
its subsidiaries\' manufacturing activities prior to the Effective Time
(clauses (i) and (ii) collectively "Indemnified Environmental Losses").  
7.2 NOTICE AND RIGHT TO DEFEND THIRD-PARTY CLAIMS. Promptly upon receipt of
notice of any claim, demand, or assessment or the commencement of any suit,
action, or proceeding with respect to which indemnity may be sought pursuant
to Sections 7.1(a) or (b), Smith and Wesson shall notify in writing,
if possible, within sufficient time to respond to such claim or answer or
otherwise plead in such action, the Principal Stockholders. In case any
claim, demand, or assessment shall be asserted, or suit, action, or
proceeding commenced against Smith and Wesson or Bear Lake, the Principal
Stockholders shall be entitled, at the Principal Stockholders\' expense, to
participate therein, and, to the extent that such stockholders may wish, to
assume the defense, conduct, or settlement thereof, at their own expense,
with counsel satisfactory to Smith and Wesson, whose consent to the selection
of counsel shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, provided that the
Principal Stockholders confirm to Smith and Wesson that it is a claim to which
its rights of full indemnification apply without the effect of Section
7.3(b). Subject to the foregoing, the Principal Stockholders shall have the
right to settle or compromise monetary claims without the consent of Smith and
Wesson; however, as to any other claim, the Principal Stockholders shall
first obtain the prior written consent from Smith and Wesson, which
consent shall be exercised in the sole discretion of Smith and Wesson. After
notice from the Principal Stockholders to Smith and Wesson of the Principal
Stockholders\' intent so to assume the defense, conduct, settlement, or
compromise of such action, the Principal Stockholders shall not be liable to
the Smith and Wesson for any legal or other expenses   32  (including,
without limitation, settlement costs) subsequently incurred by Smith and Wesson
in connection with the defense, conduct, or settlement of such action while
the Principal Stockholders are diligently defending, conducting, settling, or
compromising such action. The Principal Stockholders shall keep Smith
and Wesson apprised of the status of the suit, action, or proceeding and shall
make the Principal Stockholders\' counsel available to Smith and Wesson, at
the Principal Stockholders\' expense, upon the request of Smith and Wesson.
Smith and Wesson shall cooperate with the Principal Stockholders in connection
with any such claim and shall make personnel, books, records, and other
information relevant to the claim available to the Principal Stockholders to
the extent that such personnel, books, and records and other information are
in the possession and/or control of Smith and Wesson. If the Principal
Stockholders decide not to participate, Smith and Wesson shall be entitled, at
the Principal Stockholders\' expense, to defend, conduct, settle, or
compromise such matter with counsel satisfactory to the Principal
Stockholders, whose consent to the selection of counsel shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed.   7.3 LIMITATIONS RELATED TO
INDEMNITY.   (a) DEDUCTIBLE. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and except
as provided below, Smith and Wesson shall not be entitled to indemnification
under Section 7.1(a) until the total amount of the damages actually incurred
by Smith and Wesson for which it shall be entitled to indemnification exceeds
$1,020,000 (the "Deductible Amount"), and then only the excess amounts above
the Deductible Amount shall be payable.   (b) CAP. Smith and Wesson may
recover for the indemnification provided under Section 7.1(a) only up to a
maximum aggregate amount of $4,000,000 and may recover for the
indemnification provided under Section 7.1(b) only up to a maximum aggregate
amount of $4,000,000 (the "Environmental Indemnity Cap Amount"), it being
understood by the parties that the Environmental Indemnity Cap Amount
includes any amounts paid from the Environmental Indemnity Escrow and in no
event shall such amounts be aggregated for purpose of determining the maximum
liability pursuant to Section 7.1(b).   (c) PROPORTIONATE RESPONSIBILITY.
Each Principal Stockholder shall be responsible only for a portion of any
indemnification payment proportionate to such stockholder\'s ownership of
Bear Lake Capital Stock.   (d) SURVIVAL OF INDEMNITY. Any claims for
indemnification under Section 7.1(a) other than for Indemnified Environmental
Losses must be made within 18 months after the Effective Time. Any claims for
indemnification under Section 7.1(b) for Indemnified Environmental Losses
must be made within 42 months after the Effective Time.   SECTION 8. 
APPOINTMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS\' REPRESENTATIVE   8.1 APPOINTMENT. Each
Principal Stockholder does hereby irrevocably appoint TGV Capital Partners as
such stockholder\'s true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full
power of substitution or resubstitution, to act solely and exclusively on
behalf such stockholder with respect to any matters relating to this
Agreement (the Stockholders\'   33   Representative"). All action
required to be taken by any or all of the Principal Stockholders in
connection with this Agreement, (including, without limitation, the giving
and receiving of all notices, consents, and waivers and the execution and
delivery of any documents, including the execution and delivery of
any agreement) shall be taken by the Stockholders\' Representative, and Smith
and Wesson and Bear Lake shall be entitled to rely on all actions taken
or authorized by the Stockholders\' Representative as being the binding acts
of the Principal Stockholders and any of them. With respect to all such
actions, the Stockholders\' Representative shall only take or authorize such
actions approved orally or in writing by the Principal Stockholders holding a
majority of the outstanding Bear Lake Capital Stock immediately prior to the
Effective Time. The Stockholders\' Representative shall not have any duties
or responsibilities except those expressly set forth in this Agreement, and
no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations, or
liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or shall otherwise exist
against the Stockholders\' Representative.   8.2 RELIANCE BY STOCKHOLDERS\'
REPRESENTATIVE. The Stockholders\' Representative shall be entitled to rely,
and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any statements furnished to it
by any Principal Stockholder or Bear Lake, or any other evidence deemed by
the Stockholders\' Representative to be reliable, and the Stockholders\'
Representative shall be entitled to act on the advice of counsel selected by
it. The Stockholders\' Representative shall be fully justified in failing or
refusing to take any action under this Agreement unless the Stockholders\'
Representative shall have received such advice or concurrence of the
Principal Stockholders as the Stockholders\' Representative deems appropriate
or shall have been expressly indemnified to its satisfaction by the Principal
Stockholders against any and all liability and expense that
the Stockholders\' Representative may incur by reason of taking or continuing
to take any such action. The Stockholders\' Representative shall in all cases
be fully protected in acting, or refraining from acting, under this Agreement
in accordance with a request of Principal Stockholders owning a majority of
the outstanding Bear Lake Capital Stock immediately prior to the Effective
Time, and such request, and any action taken or failure to act pursuant
thereto, shall be binding upon all of the Principal Stockholders.   8.3
EXPENSES OF STOCKHOLDERS\' REPRESENTATIVE. The Stockholders\' Representative
shall be entitled to retain counsel and to incur such expenses (including
court costs and reasonable attorneys\' fees and expenses) as
the Stockholders\' Representative deems to be necessary or appropriate in
connection with the Stockholders\' Representative performance of the
Stockholders\' Representative\'s obligations under this Agreement, and all
such fees and expenses incurred by the Stockholders\' Representative shall be
borne by the Principal Stockholders severally in accordance with each
Principal Stockholders\' percentage ownership in Bear Lake Capital Stock.  
8.4 INDEMNIFICATION. The Principal Stockholders hereby agree severally
to indemnify the Stockholders\' Representative (in its capacity as such)
ratably according to their respective ownership of Bear Lake Capital Stock
against, and to hold the Stockholders\' Representative (in the Stockholders\'
Representative capacity as such) harmless from, any and all liabilities,
obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs,
expenses, or disbursements of whatever kind that may at any time be imposed
upon, incurred by, or asserted against the Stockholders\' Representative in
such capacity in any way relating to or arising out of the Stockholders\'
Representative actions or failures to take action pursuant to this Agreement
or   34   in connection herewith in such capacity; provided, that no
Principal Stockholder shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such
liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments,
suits, costs, expenses, or disbursements resulting solely from the gross
negligence or willful misconduct of the Stockholders\' Representative. The
agreements in this Section 8 shall survive termination of this Agreement.  
8.5 CONTRIBUTION. To the extent this Agreement provides that the
Principal Stockholders shall be liable to personally pay any cost, expense,
or other liability, the Principal Stockholders shall share such payment in
accordance with their respective percentage ownership of Bear Lake Capital
Stock, and shall reimburse each other as necessary to give effect to the
intent of this provision.   8.6 APPROVAL. The adoption of this Agreement
and the approval of the Merger by the Bear Lake\'s stockholders in accordance
with the Delaware General Corporation Law shall also constitute approval of
all of the arrangements relating hereto, including, without limitation, the
appointment of the Stockholders\' Representative.   SECTION 9. 
GENERAL   9.1 INDEMNITY AGAINST FINDERS. Each party hereto shall indemnify
and hold the other parties harmless against any claim for finders\' fees
based on alleged retention of a finder by it.   9.2 CONTROLLING LAW. This
Agreement, and all questions relating to its validity, interpretation,
performance, and enforcement, shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the state of Delaware, notwithstanding any
Delaware or other conflict-of-law provisions to the contrary. Each of
the parties hereto irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the
courts of the state of Delaware located in New Castle County and the United
States District Court for the District of Delaware for the purpose of any
suit, action, proceeding or judgment relating to or arising out of this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. Service of process in
connection with any such suit, action, or proceeding may be served on each
party hereto anywhere in the world by the same methods as are specified for
the giving of notices under this Agreement. Each of the parties hereto
irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of any such court in any such suit,
action, or proceeding and to the laying of venue in such court. Each party
hereto irrevocably waives any objection to the laying of venue of any such
suit, action or proceeding brought in such courts and irrevocably waives any
claim that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court has
been brought in an inconvenient forum. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVES ANY
RIGHT TO REQUEST A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LITIGATION WITH RESPECT TO THIS
AGREEMENT AND REPRESENTS THAT COUNSEL HAS BEEN CONSULTED SPECIFICALLY AS TO
THIS WAIVER.   9.3 NOTICES. All notices, requests, consents, demands, and
other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be
deemed to have been duly given and received (a) if mailed by registered or
certified mail, three business days after deposit in the United States mail,
postage prepaid, return receipt requested; (b) upon confirmation of  
35   a receipt of a facsimile or e-mail transmission; (c) if hand
delivered, upon delivery against receipt or upon refusal to accept the
notice; or (d) if delivered by a standard overnight courier, one business day
after deposit with such courier, postage prepaid, in each case, addressed to
such party at the address set forth below:   If to Smith and Wesson or
SWAC:   Smith and Wesson Holding Corporation  2100 Roosevelt Avenue 
Springfield, Massachusetts 01104-1606  Attention: Michael F. Golden  Phone:
(413) 747-3349  Fax: (413) 739-8528  E-mail: mgolden@smith-wesson.com  
with a copy given in the manner  prescribed above, to:   Greenberg Traurig,
LLP  2375 E. Camelback Road, Suite 700  Phoenix, Arizona 85016  Attention:
Robert S. Kant, Esq.  Phone: (602) 445-8000  Fax: (602) 445-8100  E-mail:
kantr@gtlaw.com   If to Bear Lake or Principal Stockholders:   c/o TGV
Capital Partners  24 Corporate Plaza, Suite 100  Newport Beach, California
92660  Attention: Geoffrey Moore and Mitchell Vance  Phone: (949) 720-4679 
Fax: (949) 720-9481  E-mail: gmoore@tgvcapital.com 
mvance@tgvcapital.com   with a copy given in the manner  prescribed above,
to:   Stradling Yocca Carlson and Rauth  660 Newport Center Drive, Suite
1600  Newport Beach, California 92660  Attention: Michael E. Flynn, Esq. 
Phone: (949) 725-4245  Fax: (949) 725-4100  E-mail: mflynn@sycr.com  
36    Any party may alter the address to which communications or copies are
to be sent by giving notice to such of change of address in conformity with
the provisions of this paragraph for the giving of notice.   9.4 BINDING
NATURE OF AGREEMENT; NO ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement shall be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors
and assigns, except that no party may assign or transfer its rights or
obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of
the other parties hereto.   9.5 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement and the
Confidentiality Agreement, dated August 3, 2006, by and between Bear Lake and
Smith and Wesson, contain the entire understanding among the parties hereto
with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersede all prior and
contemporaneous agreements and understandings, inducements, or conditions,
express or implied, oral or written, except as herein or therein contained.
The express terms hereof control and supersede any course of performance or
usage of the trade inconsistent with any of the terms hereof. This Agreement
may not be modified or amended other than by an agreement in writing.   9.6
PARAGRAPH HEADINGS. The paragraph headings in this Agreement are
for convenience only; they form no part of this Agreement and shall not
affect its interpretation.   9.7 GENDER. Words used herein, regardless of
the number and gender specifically used, shall be deemed and construed to
include any other number, singular or plural, and any other gender,
masculine, feminine, or neuter, as the context requires.   9.8 EXPENSES.
Whether or not the Merger shall be consummated and except as otherwise
provided in this Agreement, each party will pay all costs and
expenses incident to its negotiation and preparation of this Agreement and to
its performance and compliance with all the agreements and conditions
contained herein on its part to be performed or complied with, including the
fees, expenses, and disbursements of its counsel, investment bankers, and
independent public accountants.   9.9 VALIDITY. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the
validity or enforceability of any other provisions of this Agreement, each of
which shall remain in full force and effect.   9.10 COUNTERPARTS. For the
convenience of the parties hereto, this Agreement may be executed in any
number of counterparts, each such counterpart being deemed to be an original
instrument, and all such counterparts shall together constitute the same
agreement.   9.11 ATTORNEYS\' FEES. If any action, suit, or other proceeding
is instituted to remedy, prevent, or obtain relief from a default in
the performance by either party of any of its obligations under this
Agreement, the prevailing party shall recover all of such party\'s
attorneys\' fees incurred in each and every such action, suit, or other
proceeding, including any and all appeals or petitions therefrom. As used in
this Section 9.11, attorneys\' fees shall be deemed to mean the full and
actual costs of any legal services actually performed in connection with the
matters involved calculated on the basis of the usual fee charged by the
attorney performing such   37   services and shall not be limited to
"reasonable attorneys\' fees" as defined in any statute or rule of court.  
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]   38    IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the 15th day of December,
2006, as of the day and year first above written.   SMITH and WESSON HOLDING
CORPORATION   /s/ Michael F. Golden 
--------------------------------------------  By: Michael F. Golden  Its:
President and Chief Executive Officer   SWAC-TC, INC.   /s/ Michael F.
Golden  --------------------------------------------  By: Michael F.
Golden  Its: President   BEAR LAKE ACQUISITION CORP.   /s/ Mitchell
Vance  --------------------------------------------  By: Mitchell Vance 
Its: Executive Vice President   TGV PARTNERS - TCA INVESTORS, LLC   /s/
Mitchell Vance  --------------------------------------------  By: Mitchell
Vance  Its: Managing Member   /s/ E.G. Kendrick, Jr. 
--------------------------------------------  E.G. Kendrick, Jr.   /s/
Gregory J. Ritz  --------------------------------------------  Gregory J.
Ritz   '

