<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>0002.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ACQUISITION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

1

                              ACQUISITION AGREEMENT

     THIS  ACQUISITION  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF  REORGANIZATION  (hereinafter  the
Agreement)  is made and  entered  into as of the 30 day of  June,  2000 by and
between TRIAD INDUSTRIES,  INC., a Nevada corporation  (hereinafter TRIAD) and
NORTHWEST  MEDICAL  CLINIC,  INC.,  a Georgia  corporation  (hereinafter  NWC)
AMERIMED of Georgia, a Georgia corporation  (hereinafter AMED) and FLORIMED OF
TAMPA, INC., a Florida corporation (hereinafter FMED).

                                    RECITALS

     WHEREAS,  TRIAD  desired to acquire  from NWC  certain  designated  assets,
subject  to  certain  liabilities,  in  exchange  solely  to  895,200  shares of
authorized but previously  unissued TRIAD common stock, par value one mil $.001;
and  WHEREAS  TRIAD  desired to acquire  from AMED and FMED  certain  designated
assets,  in  exchange  solely for 346,600 and  221,502  shares  respectively  of
authorized but previously  unissued TRIAD common stock, par value one mil $.001;
WHEREAS,  the parties  hereto desire to reorganize the management and operations
of TRIAD to include the NWC. NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration of the premises
and mutual  representation,  warranties,  and covenants  herein  contained,  the
parties agree as follows:
                                    ARTICLE 1

                       ACQUISITION AND EXCHANGE OF SHARES

SECTION 1.1  Acquisition.  The parties  hereto agree that this  Agreement  shall
replace and  supersede  the Letter of Intent  executed by the parties on May 18,
2000. The parties hereby agree that TRIAD shall acquire from NWC, AMED, and FMED
and NWC,  AMED,  and FMED shall assign and transfer to TRIAD all rights,  titles
and interest in those specific assets  designated and more completely  described
in Exhibit  1.1  annexed  hereto  and by this  reference  made a part of.  TRIAD
further agrees to assume and become  obligated to those  specific  liabilities ,
debts, obligations and encumbrances of NWC, AMED, and FMED that are specifically
set forth and more  specifically  described in Exhibit 4.3 annexed hereto and by
this reference made a part hereof and which liabilities,  debts, obligations and
encumbrances  NWC, AMED, and FMED agrees to fully assume become obligated to. In
exchange for the  acquisition  of the assets from NWC , subject to  liabilities,
TRIAD  agrees to issue to NWC eight  hundred  ninety five  thousand  two hundred
(895,200)  shares of authorized but previously  unissued  shares of TRIAD common
stock,  par value one mil ($.001),  said shares to be issued directly to NWC and
pursuant to the terms and  conditions  set forth  herein.  In  exchange  for the
acquisition  of assets from AMED and FMED,  TRIAD  agrees to issue to AMED three
hundred forty six thousand six hundred (346,600) and FMED two hundred twenty one
thousand five hundred two  (221,502).  The parties hereto agree further that the
business  and  management  of NWC  shall be  reorganized  and that  TRIAD  shall
hereinafter  become engaged in the business of developing and marketing  certain
medical care as Northwest Medical Clinic, Inc.

SECTION 1.2 Issuance of Shares

     (a) Upon the Closing of this Agreement,  TRIAD shall cause to be issued and
delivered  to NWC,  stock  certificates  representing  895,200,  to  AMED  stock
certificates  representing 346,600, and to FMED stock certificates  representing
221,502, shares of common stock of TRIAD, par value $0.001 per share.

     (b) The  shares  of TRIAD  Common  Stock to be  issued  hereunder  shall be
authorized  but  previously  unissued  shares of TRIAD Common Stock and shall be
issued  directly  to and in the name of the  shareholders  of NWC The  shares of
TRIAD Common Stock to be issued  hereunder  shall be authorized  but  previously
unissued  shares of TRIAD  Common  Stock and  shall be  issued  directly  to the
corporations of AMED and FMED.

     (c) All  shares of TRIAD  Common  Stock to be issued  hereunder  are deemed
"restricted securities" as defined by Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended ("the 1933 Act"),  and NWC, AMED, and FMED shall represent that they are
acquiring  said shares for  investment  purposes  only and without the intent to
make a  further  distribution  of the  shares  until  such  time as  appropriate
regulatory  approval for any such distribution has been properly  obtained.  All
shares  of TRIAD  Common  Stock to be issued  under the terms of this  Agreement
shall be issued pursuant to an exemption from the  registration  requirements of
the 1933 Act,  under Section 4(2) of the 1933 Act and the rules and  regulations
promulgated thereunder.

     (d) NWC, AMED, and FMED agree that in the event it decides to distribute to
its shareholders  the TRIAD shares to be acquired  hereby,  either in part or in
whole, NWC, AMED, and FMED will make all necessary and requisite filing with the
appropriate state and federal agencies to register such  distribution  under the
applicable securities laws.


SECTION  1.3  Closing.  The  closing  of this  Agreement  and  the  transactions
contemplated hereby (the "Closing") shall take place on the 30 day of June, 2000
(the  "Closing  Date"),  at a time and place to be  mutually  agreed upon by the
parties  hereto,  and shall be  subject to the  provisions  of ARTICLE X of this
Agreement. At the Closing:

     (a) NWC, AMED, and FMED shall cause to be delivered to TRIAD fully executed
instruments  of conveyance  which when  executed and  delivered to TRIAD,  shall
immediately convey and transfer to TRIAD, all of NWC, AMED, and FMED interest in
the assets set forth in Exhibit 1.1;

     (b) TRIAD shall take all necessary and appropriate  actions and execute all
necessary and appropriate documents to assume completely and become obligated to
all liabilities,  debts, obligations and/or other encumbrances of NWC, AMED, and
FMED and otherwise set forth in Exhibit 4.3 annexed hereto;

     (c) TRIAD shall deliver to NWC, AMED, and FMED,  certificates  representing
an aggregate of  1,463,307  shares of TRIAD Common Stock and which  certificates
shall  bear a  standard  restrictive  legend in the form  customarily  used with
restricted securities;

     (d) TRIAD shall deliver an Officer's  Certificate  as described in Sections
9.1  and  9.2  hereof,   dated  the  Closing  Date,  that  all  representations,
warranties,  covenants  and  conditions  set forth  herein by TRIAD are true and
correct as of, or have been fully  performed  and  complied  with by the Closing
Date; and

     (e) NWC, AMED, and FMED shall deliver an Officer's Certificate as described
in  Sections   8.1  and  8.2  hereof,   dated  the   Closing   Date,   that  all
representations,  warranties,  covenants and conditions set forth herein by NWC,
AMED,  and FMED are true and  correct  as of, or have been fully  performed  and
complied with by, the Closing Date;

SECTION 1.4 NWC, AMED, and FMED Special Meeting of Shareholders. In anticipation
of this Agreement,  Northwest Medical Clinic,  Inc., AMERIMED of Georgia,  Inc.,
and FLORIMED of Tampa, Inc., shall hold Special Meetings of Shareholders in lieu
of Annual Meeting of Shareholders  on May 20, 2000 in order to transact  certain
business related to the ratification of this Agreement,  including,  but limited
to (I)  ratification of a proposal to amend the Articles of Incorporation of NWC
authorizing the  recapitalization of the number of shares authorized to not less
than  3,000,000 at a par value of $1.00 per share,  (II) electing a new Board of
Directors  consisting of William Byrd,  Richard Furlong,  and Linda Bryson,  and
(III) ratification of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.


SECTION 1.5 Consummation of Transaction. If, at the Closing, no condition exists
which  would  permit  any of the  parties  to  terminate  this  Agreement,  or a
condition  then  exists  and the party  entitled  to  terminate  because of that
condition elects not to do so, then the transactions  herein  contemplated shall
be  consummated  upon such  date,  and then and  thereupon  TRIAD  will file the
necessary  documents that may be required by the State of Nevada , Georgia,  and
Florida.
                                   ARTICLE II

                     REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF TRIAD

         TRIAD hereby represents, warrants and agrees that:

SECTION 2.1 Organization of TRIAD. TRIAD is a Nevada corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Nevada,  is
duly  qualified  and  in  good  standing  as  a  foreign  corporation  in  every
jurisdiction  in which such  qualification  is necessary,  and has the corporate
power and  authority  to own its  properties  and  assets  and to  transact  the
business in which it is engaged.  There are  corporations or other entities with
respect to which (i) TRIAD owns all of the outstanding  stock or other interest,
or (ii) TRIAD may be deemed to be in control because of factors or relationships
other  that  the  quantity  of  stock or other  interest  owned.  TRIAD  has all
requisite  corporate  power and authority to execute and deliver this  Agreement
and to consummate the transactions  contemplated  hereby.  This Agreement is the
legal,  valid and binding  obligation  of TRIAD,  enforceable  against  TRIAD in
accordance with its respective  terms except to the extent that such enforcement
may be limited by  applicable  bankruptcy,  insolvency  and other  similar  laws
affecting creditors' rights generally.

SECTION 2.2  Capitalization  of TRIAD.  The  authorized  capital  stock of TRIAD
currently  consists of 50,000,000  shares of Common  Stock,  par value $.001 per
share,  of which  6,403,418  shares are presently  issued and  outstanding , and
10,000,000  shares of Preferred  Stock,  par value one dollar ($1.00) per share,
850,000  of  which  are  presently  issued  and  outstanding.   All  issued  and
outstanding  shares of common  stock of TRIAD  have  been  duly  authorized  and
validly  issued and are fully  paid and  non-assessable.  There are no  options,
warrants,  rights, calls,  commitments or agreements of any character obligating
TRIAD to issue any shares of its capital stock or any security  representing the
right to purchase or  otherwise  receive any such stock.  Shares of TRIAD Common
Stock to be issued  pursuant  to this  Agreement,  when so issued,  will be duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

SECTION 2.3 Charter  Documents.  Complete and correct  copies of the Articles of
Incorporation and By-Laws of TRIAD and all amendments thereto, have been or will
be delivered to NWC, AMED, and FMED prior to the Closing,  and certified  copies
of the TRIAD Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws are annexed hereto as Exhibit
2.3 and by this reference made a part hereof.

SECTION 2.4 Financial Statements. TRIAD's certified financial statements for the
period ending December 31, 1998, December 31, 1999 and March 31, 2000 unaudited,
a copy of which is annexed  hereto as Exhibit 2.4 and by this  reference  made a
part  hereof,  are true and  complete  in all  material  respects,  having  been
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting  principles applied on
a  consistent  basis for the  periods  covered  by such  statements,  and fairly
present,  in accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles,  the
financial  condition  of TRIAD,  and results of its  operations  for the periods
covered thereby. Except as otherwise disclosed to NWC, AMED, and FMED in writing
and as set  forth  herein,  there  has been no  material  adverse  change in the
business operations,  assets,  properties,  prospects or condition (financial or
otherwise)  of TRIAD  taken as a whole  from  that  reflected  in the  financial
statements  referred to in this Section 2.4, of which NWC,  AMED, and FMED based
its decision to enter into this Agreement.

SECTION  2.5 Absence of Certain  Changes or Events.  Since the date of the TRIAD
financial  report  for the  period  ending  December  31,  1999,  and  except as
disclosed  otherwise  herein,  TRIAD has not (i)  issued or sold any  promissory
note, stock,  bond, option or other corporate security of which it was an issuer
or other obligor,  (ii)  discharged or satisfied any lien or encumbrance or paid
any obligation or liability,  absolute or contingent,  direct or indirect, (iii)
incurred or suffered to be incurred any liability or obligation whatsoever, (iv)
caused or permitted any lien,  encumbrance or security interest to be created or
arise  on or in any of its  properties  or  assets,  (v)  declared  or made  any
dividend,  payment or  distribution to stock holders or purchased or redeemed or
agreed to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock,  (vi) reclassified
its shares of capital stock,  or (vii) entered into any agreement or transaction
except in connection with the execution and performance of this Agreement.

SECTION 2.6 Assets and  Liabilities.  TRIAD has good and marketable title to all
of its assets  and  property,  free and clear of any and all  liens,  claims and
encumbrances, except as may be otherwise explicitly set forth herein. As of date
hereon, TRIAD does not have any debts, liabilities or obligations of any nature,
whether accrued,  absolute,  contingent, or otherwise,  whether due or to become
due, that are not fully  reflected in the TRIAD Balance Sheet dated December 31,
1999 except as may be explicitly set forth herein.

SECTION  2.7.  Tax Returns and  Payments.  All of TRIAD's tax returns  (federal,
state,  city,  county or  foreign)  which are  required by law to be filed on or
before the date of this  Agreement,  have been duly filed or  extended  with the
appropriate  governmental authority.  TRIAD has paid all taxes to be due on said
returns,  any  assessments  made  against  TRIAD and all other  taxes,  fees and
similar  charges  imposed on TRIAD by any  governmental  authority  (other  than
those,  the  amount or  validity  of which is being  contested  in good faith by
appropriate  proceedings).  No tax liens have been filed and no claims are being
assessed with respect to any such taxes, fees or other similar charges.

SECTION 2.8 Required  Authorizations.  There have been or will be timely  filed,
given,  obtained  or taken,  all  applications,  notices,  consents,  approvals,
orders,  registrations,  qualifications  waivers  or other  actions  of any kind
required by virtue of execution  and delivery of this  Agreement by TRIAD or the
consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby.

SECTION  2.9  Compliance  with  Law  and  Government  Regulations.  TRIAD  is in
compliance with and is not in violation of, applicable federal,  state, local or
foreign  statutes,  laws and  regulations  (including  without  limitation,  any
applicable building, zoning or other law, ordinance or regulation) affecting its
properties or the operation of its business.

SECTION 2.10  Litigation.  There is no  litigation,  arbitration,  proceeding or
investigation  pending  or  threatened  to which  TRIAD is a party or which  may
result in any  material  change  in the  business  or  condition,  financial  or
otherwise, of TRIAD or in any of its properties or assets, or which might result
in any  liability on the part of TRIAD or which  questions  the validity of this
Agreement  or of any action  taken or to be taken  pursuant to or in  connection
with the provisions of this Agreement, and to the best knowledge of TRIAD, there
is no basis for any such litigation, arbitration, proceeding or investigation.

SECTION  2.11  Investigation  of  Financial  Condition.  In  addition  to making
available for review by NWC, AMED, and FMED all financial statements,  books and
records of TRIAD, and without in any manner reducing or otherwise mitigating the
representations contained herein, NWC, AMED, and FMED shall have the opportunity
to meet  with  TRIAD's  accountants  and  attorneys  to  discuss  the  financial
condition of TRIAD and to make whatever further independent investigation deemed
necessary and prudent.

SECTION 2.12 Governmental Consent. No consent, approval,  authorization or order
of, or registration, qualification, designation, declaration or filing with, any
governmental  authority on the part of TRIAD is required in connection  with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement or the carrying out of any transactions
contemplated hereby.

SECTION 2.13  Authority.  TRIAD and its Board of Directors  shall have  approved
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby prior to the Closing and
duly  authorized  the  execution  and  delivery  hereof.  TRIAD has full  power,
authority and legal right to enter into this  Agreement  and to  consummate  the
transactions   contemplated  hereby,  and  all  corporate  action  necessary  to
authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the  consummation  of
the transactions contemplated hereby has been duly and validly taken.

SECTION 2.14 Full Disclosure. None of the representations and warranties made by
TRIAD herein,  or in any exhibit,  certificate or memorandum  furnished or to be
furnished by TRIAD on its behalf pursuant  hereto,  contains or will contain any
untrue  statement of material  fact, or omits any material fact, the omission of
which would be misleading.

                                   ARTICLE III

                               COVENANTS OF TRIAD

SECTION 3.1       Conduct Prior to the Closing.  Between the date hereof and
                  the Closing:

     (a) TRIAD  will not  enter  into any  agreement,  contract  or  commitment,
whether written or oral, or engage in any transaction, without the knowledge and
prior written consent of NWC, AMED, and FMED;

     (b) TRIAD will not declare any dividends or  distributions  with respect to
its capital stock or amend its Articles of Incorporation or By-Laws, without the
prior written consent of NWC, AMED, and FMED;

     (c) TRIAD will not authorize, issue, sell, purchase or redeem any shares of
its capital stock without the prior written consent of NWC, AMED, and FMED;

     (d) TRIAD will comply with all requirements  which federal or state law may
impose on it with respect to this  Agreement and the  transactions  contemplated
hereby, and will promptly  cooperate with and furnish  information to NWC, AMED,
and FMED in  connection  with any such  requirements  imposed  upon the  parties
hereto in connection therewith;

     (e) TRIAD will not incur any indebtedness  for money borrowed,  or issue or
sell any debt  securities,  incur or  suffer to be  incurred  any  liability  or
obligation of any nature whatsoever, or cause or permit any lien, encumbrance or
security  interest  to be  created  or arise on or in any of its  properties  or
assets,  acquire or dispose of fixed assets, change employment terms, enter into
any material or long-term  contract,  guarantee  obligations of any third party,
settle or discharge any balance sheet receivable for less than its stated amount
or enter  into  any  other  transaction  other  than in the  regular  course  of
business, except to comply with the terms of this Agreement, without the consent
of NWC, AMED, and FMED;

     (f) TRIAD shall grant to NWC, AMED,  and FMED and its counsel,  accountants
and other  representatives,  full access during normal business hours during the
period prior to the Closing to all its respective properties,  books, contracts,
commitments and records and, during such period,  furnish  promptly to NMC GROUP
and such  representatives  all  information  relating to TRIAD as NWC, AMED, and
FMED may reasonably request; and

     (g) Except for the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,  TRIAD will
conduct its business in the normal course,  and shall not sell, pledge or assign
its assets without the prior written consent of NWC, AMED, and FMED.

SECTION 3.2       Affirmative Covenants.  Prior to Closing, TRIAD will do
                  the following:

     (a) Use its best efforts to accomplish all actions  necessary to consummate
this Agreement,  including  satisfaction of all the conditions contained in this
Agreement;

     (b) Call for and properly  hold a meeting of its Board of Directors for the
purpose of conducting the business and ratifying those proposals as set forth in
Section 1.4 above.

     (c) Promptly notify NWC, AMED, and FMED in writing of any material  adverse
change in the  financial  condition,  business,  operations  or key personnel of
TRIAD, any breach of its representations or warranties contained herein, and any
material contract,  agreement, license or other agreement which, if in effect on
the date of this Agreement, should have been included in this Agreement or in an
exhibit annexed hereto and made a part hereof; and

     (d)  Reserve,  and promptly  after the  Closing,  issue and deliver to NWC,
AMED,  and FMED or its  designees  the  number of shares of TRIAD  Common  Stock
required hereunder; and

                                   ARTICLE IV

                   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF NMC GROUP

         NWC, AMED, and FMED hereby represents, warrants and agrees that:

SECTION 4.1  Organization  of NWC,  AMED,  and FMED.  NWC is  Northwest  Medical
Clinic,  Inc.,  a Georgia  corporation,  AMED is AMERIMED of  Georgia,  Inc.,  a
Georgia corporation and FMED is, Florimed of Tampa, a Florida  corporation,  the
latter two  corporations  are considered  affiliates.  Each  corporation is duly
organized,  validly  existing and in good standing in each respective  state, is
duly qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction.

SECTION 4.2 Charter  Documents.  Complete and correct  copies of the Articles of
Incorporation  and By-Laws of NWC,  AMED,  and FMED and its  affiliates  and all
amendments  thereto,  have  been or will be  delivered  to  TRIAD  prior  to the
Closing.

SECTION 4.3 Financial Statements/Assets and Liabilities. NWC, AMED, and FMED has
good and marketable  title to all of the assets to be transferred  and delivered
to  TRIAD  hereunder,   free  and  clear  of  any  and  all  liens,  claims  and
encumbrances,  except as may be otherwise  set forth herein and in its financial
statements  and  further  set forth in Exhibit  4.3  annexed  hereto and by this
reference made a part hereof.

SECTION 4.4 Tax Returns and  Payments.  All of NWC,  AMED,  and FMED tax returns
(federal,  state, city, county or foreign) which are required by law to be filed
on or before the date of this  Agreement,  have been duly filed or extended with
the appropriate governmental authority.  NWC, AMED, and FMED have paid all taxes
to be due on said returns,  any assessments made against NWC, AMED, and FMED and
all  other  taxes,  fees  and  similar  charges  imposed  on  NMC  GROUP  by any
governmental  authority  (other than those,  the NWC,  AMED,  and FMED amount or
validity of which is being contested in good faith by appropriate  proceedings).
No tax liens have been filed and no claims are being  assessed  with  respect to
any such taxes, fees or other similar charges.

SECTION 4.5 Required  Authorizations.  There have been or will be timely  filed,
given,  obtained  or taken,  all  applications,  notices,  consents,  approvals,
orders,  registrations,  qualifications  waivers  or other  actions  of any kind
required by virtue of execution  and delivery of this  Agreement by NMC GROUP or
the  consummation  by it of the  transactions  NWC, AMED, and FMED  contemplated
hereby.

SECTION 4.6 Compliance with Law and Government  Regulations.  NMC GROUP and NWC,
AMED,  and  FMED  affiliates  is in  compliance  with all  applicable  statutes,
regulations,  decrees, orders,  restrictions,  guidelines and standards, whether
mandatory or voluntary,  affecting its properties and operations, imposed by the
United  States of America,  and any state or foreign  country or  government  to
which NWC, AMED, and FMED is subject.

SECTION 4.7  Litigation.  There is no  litigation,  arbitration,  proceeding  or
investigation  pending or threatened to which NWC, AMED, and FMED are a party or
which may result in any material change in the business or condition,  financial
or otherwise,  of NWC, AMED, and FMED or in any of its properties or assets,  or
which might result in any liability on the part of NWC,  AMED, and FMED or which
questions  the validity of this  Agreement or of any action taken or to be taken
pursuant to or in connection with the provisions of this  Agreement,  and to the
best  knowledge  of NWC,  AMED,  and  FMED,  there  is no  basis  for  any  such
litigation, arbitration, proceeding or investigation.

SECTION  4.8  Investigation  of  Financial  Condition.  In  addition  to  making
available  for review by TRIAD all  financial  statements,  books and records of
TRIAD,  and  without  in  any  manner  reducing  or  otherwise   mitigating  the
representations  contained herein, TRIAD shall have the opportunity to meet with
NWC, AMED, and FMED accountants and attorneys to discuss the financial condition
of NWC, AMED, and FMED and to make whatever  further  independent  investigation
deemed necessary and prudent.




SECTION 4.9 Governmental Consent. No consent,  approval,  authorization or order
of, or registration, qualification, designation, declaration or filing with, any
governmental  authority  on the part of NWC,  AMED,  and FMED  are  required  in
connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the carrying out
of any transactions contemplated hereby.

SECTION 4.10  Authority.  NWC,  AMED, and FMED and its  shareholders  shall have
approved this Agreement and the  transactions  contemplated  hereby prior to the
Closing and duly  authorized the execution and delivery  hereof.  NWC, AMED, and
FMED has full power,  authority and legal right to enter into this Agreement and
to consummate the  transactions  contemplated  hereby,  and all corporate action
necessary to authorize  the  execution  and delivery of this  Agreement  and the
consummation of the transactions  contemplated  hereby has been duly and validly
taken. Those persons executing this Agreement  represent that they have received
the authority to act on behalf of and for the  shareholders  of NWC,  AMED,  and
FMED and that in the event additional  shareholder approvals are required,  such
approvals  will be obtained at the next  scheduled  annual meeting of NWC, AMED,
and FMED shareholders.

SECTION 4.11 Investment  Purpose.  NWC, AMED, and FMED hereby represents that it
is  acquiring  the  shares  of TRIAD  Common  Stock to be issued  hereunder  for
investment purposes only and not with a view for further distribution or resale.
NWC, AMED, and FMED further  represents and  acknowledges  that the TRIAD shares
issued  hereunder are  "restricted  securities"  and may not be sold,  traded or
otherwise  transferred  without  registration  under  the 1933 Act or  exemption
therefrom.  NWC, AMED, and FMED further  represents that in the event it decides
to distribute to its shareholders the TRIAD shares to be acquired hereby, either
in part or in whole,  NWC,  AMED, and FMED will make all necessary and requisite
filing  with the  appropriate  state  and  federal  agencies  to  register  such
distribution under the applicable securities laws.

SECTION 4.12 Full Disclosure. None of the representations and warranties made by
NMC GROUP herein, or in any exhibit,  certificate or memorandum  furnished or to
be  furnished  by TRIAD,  on its  behalf,  contains  or will  contain any untrue
statement of material  fact,  or omit any material  fact,  the omission of which
would be misleading.

                                    ARTICLE V

                             COVENANTS OF NMC GROUP

SECTION 5.1       Conduct Prior to Closing.  Between the date hereof and the
                  Closing:
     (a)  NWC,  AMED,  and FMED  will not  enter  into any  material  agreement,
contract or commitment,  whether written or oral, or engage in any  transaction,
without the prior written consent of TRIAD;

     (b) NWC,  AMED,  and FMED will not declare any  dividends or  distributions
with  respect to its capital  stock or amend its  Articles of  Incorporation  or
By-Laws, without the prior written consent of TRIAD;

     (c) Except within the regular course of business,  NWC, AMED, and FMED will
not  incur  any  indebtedness  for  money  borrowed  or  issue  to sell any debt
securities, or incur or suffer to be incurred any liability or obligation of any
nature whatsoever, or cause or permit any lien, encumbrance or security interest
to be created or arise on or in any of its properties or assets,  with the prior
written consent of TRIAD;

     (d) NWC, AMED, and FMED will comply with all requirements  which federal or
state law may impose on it with respect to this  Agreement and the  transactions
contemplated hereby, and will promptly cooperate with and furnish information to
TRIAD in connection with any such  requirements  imposed upon the parties hereto
in connection therewith; and

     (e) NWC, AMED,  and FMED shall grant to TRIAD and its counsel,  accountants
and other  representatives,  full access during normal business hours during the
period prior to the Closing to all its respective properties,  books, contracts,
commitments and records and, during such period,  furnish  promptly to TRIAD and
such  representatives  all information  relating to NWC, AMED, and FMED as TRIAD
may reasonably request.

SECTION 5.2       Affirmative Covenants.  Prior to Closing, NMC GROUP will do
                  the following:

     (a) Obtained the approval of its Board of  Directors  and  shareholders  to
proceed with this Agreement and obtain any further shareholder approvals,  which
may be required,  at the next  scheduled  annual  meeting of NWC, AMED, and FMED
shareholders;

     (b) Use its best efforts to accomplish all actions  necessary to consummate
this Agreement,  including  satisfaction of all the conditions  contained in the
Agreement; and

     (c) Promptly  notify TRIAD in writing of any  materially  adverse change in
the financial condition,  business, operations or key personnel of NWC, AMED, or
FMED, any breach of its representations or warranties  contained herein, and any
material contract,  agreement, license or other agreement which, if in effect on
the date of this Agreement, should have been included in this Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE VI

                              ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

SECTION  6.1  Expenses.  Whether or not the  transactions  contemplated  in this
Agreement are  consummated,  all costs and expenses  incurred in connection with
this  Agreement and the  transactions  contemplated  hereby shall be paid by the
party incurring such expense or as otherwise agreed to herein.

SECTION 6.2 Brokers and Finders.  Each of the parties hereto  represents,  as to
itself,  that with the exception of the  consideration  and additional shares of
TRIAD  Common  Stock to be paid and  issued  pursuant  to the Letter of Intent ,
dated May 18, 2000 annexed  hereto as Exhibit 6.2 and by this  reference  made a
part  hereof,  and to which  TRIAD  acknowledges  and agrees  fulfill  the terms
thereof, no other agent, broker, investment banker or other firm or person is or
will be entitled to any  broker's or  finder's  fee or any other  commission  or
similar fee in  connection  with any of the  transactions  contemplated  by this
Agreement.

SECTION  6.3  Necessary  Actions.  Subject  to the terms and  conditions  herein
provided,  each of the parties  hereto agrees to use all  reasonable  efforts to
take,  or cause to be taken,  all  action,  and to do, or cause to be done,  all
things  necessary,  proper or advisable under applicable laws and regulations to
consummate and make effective the  transactions  contemplated by this Agreement.
In the event at any time after the Closing,  any further  action is necessary or
desirable  to carry out the  purposes  of this  Agreement,  the proper  officers
and/or  directors of TRIAD or NWC,  AMED, or FMED as the case may be, shall take
all such necessary action.

SECTION  6.4  Indemnification.  Each party to this  Agreement  hereby  agrees to
defend and hold the other party  harmless  against and in respect of any and all
claims, demands,  losses, costs, expenses,  obligations,  liabilities,  damages,
recoveries  and  deficiencies,  including  interest,  penalties,  and reasonable
attorney fees, that they shall incur or suffer,  which arise out of, result from
or relate to any  material  breach of, or failure by the party to perform any of
its  respective  representations,  warranties,  covenants and agreements in this
Agreement or in any exhibit or other instrument  furnished or to be furnished by
the party under this Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE VII

                    CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES

The  obligations  of  the  parties  under  this  Agreement  are  subject  to the
fulfillment and satisfaction of each of the following conditions:

SECTION 7.1 Legal Action. No preliminary or permanent  injunction or other order
by any federal or state court which prevents the  consummation of this Agreement
or any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have been issued
and remain in effect.

SECTION  7.2  Absence  of   Termination.   The  obligations  to  consummate  the
transactions  contemplated  hereby  shall not have  been  canceled  pursuant  to
Article X hereof.

SECTION  7.3  Required  Approvals.  TRIAD and NWC,  AMED,  and FMED  shall  have
received all such approvals, consents, authorizations or modifications as may be
required  to permit  the  performance  by TRIAD and NWC,  AMED,  and FMED of the
respective  obligations  under  this  Agreement,  and  the  consummation  of the
transactions herein contemplated, whether from governmental authorities or other
persons and TRIAD and NWC,  AMED,  and FMED shall each have received any and all
permits and approvals from any regulatory authority having jurisdiction required
for the lawful consummation of this Agreement.

SECTION  7.4 Blue Sky  Compliance.  There shall have been  obtained  any and all
permits,  approvals and consents of the Securities or "Blue-Sky"  Commissions of
any  jurisdictions,  and  of  any  other  governmental  body  or  agency,  which
respective  counsel  for  TRIAD  and NWC,  AMED,  and FMED may  reasonably  deem
necessary or appropriate so that  consummation of the transactions  contemplated
by this Agreement may be in compliance with all applicable laws.

                                  ARTICLE VIII

                CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO OBLIGATIONS OF NMC GROUP

All obligations of TRIAD under this Agreement are subject to the fulfillment and
satisfaction  by NWC, AMED, and FMED prior to or at the time of the Closing,  of
each of the  following  conditions,  any one or more of which  may be  waived by
TRIAD.

SECTION  8.1   Representations   and  Warranties   True  at  the  Closing.   All
representations  and  warranties  of  NWC,  AMED,  and  FMED  contained  in this
Agreement  will be true and  correct at and as of the time of the  Closing,  and
NWC, AMED, and FMED shall have delivered to TRIAD a certificate,  dated the date
of the Closing,  to such effect and in the form and  substance  satisfactory  to
TRIAD,  and signed,  in the case of NWC,  AMED,  and FMED,  by its president and
secretary.

SECTION 8.2 Performance.  The obligations of NWC, AMED, and FMED to be performed
on or before the Closing pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall have been
duly  performed at such time,  and NWC,  AMED,  and FMED shall have delivered to
TRIAD a certificate,  dated the date of the Closing,  to such effect and in form
and substance satisfactory to TRIAD.

SECTION  8.3  Authority.  All action  required to be taken by, or on the part of
NWC,  AMED,  and  FMED and its  shareholders,  if  required,  to  authorize  the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by NWC, AMED, and FMED and
the consummation of the transactions  contemplated  hereby, shall have been duly
and validly taken.

SECTION 8.4 Absence of Certain Changes or Events. There shall not have occurred,
since the date hereof, any adverse change in the business, condition, (financial
or  otherwise),  assets or  liabilities  of NWC,  AMED, and FMED or any event or
condition of any character adversely affecting NWC, AMED, and FMED, and it shall
have delivered to TRIAD,  certificates,  dated the date of the Closing,  to such
effect and in form and substance  satisfactory to TRIAD and signed,  in the case
of NWC, AMED, and FMED, by its president and
secretary.







                                   ARTICLE IX

                CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO OBLIGATIONS OF NMC GROUP

All  obligations  of NWC, AMED, and FMED under this Agreement are subject to the
fulfillment and satisfaction by TRIAD prior to or at the time of the Closing, of
each of the following conditions, any one or more of which may be waived by NWC,
AMED, and FMED.

SECTION  9.1   Representations   and  Warranties   True  at  the  Closing.   All
representations and warranties of TRIAD contained in this Agreement will be true
and correct at and as of the time of the Closing, and TRIAD shall have delivered
to NWC,  AMED, and FMED a  certificate,  dated the date of the Closing,  to such
effect and in the form and substance  satisfactory  to NWC, AMED, and FMED , and
signed, in the case of TRIAD, by its president and secretary.

SECTION 9.2 Performance.  Each of the obligations of TRIAD to be performed on or
before the Closing  pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall have been duly
performed at such time of Closing,  and TRIAD shall have delivered to NWC, AMED,
and FMED a  certificate,  dated the date of the  Closing,  to such effect and in
form and substance  satisfactory to NWC, AMED, and FMED and signed,  in the case
of TRIAD by its president and secretary.

SECTION  9.3  Authority.  All action  required to be taken by, or on the part of
TRIAD to authorize the execution,  delivery and performance of this Agreement by
TRIAD and the consummation of the transactions  contemplated  hereby, shall have
been duly and validly taken.

SECTION 9.4 Absence of Certain Changes or Events. There shall not have occurred,
since the date hereof, any adverse change in the business, condition, (financial
or  otherwise),  assets or liabilities of TRIAD or any event or condition of any
character  adversely  affecting TRIAD, and it shall have delivered to NWC, AMED,
and FMED,  certificates,  dated the date of the  Closing,  to such effect and in
form and substance  satisfactory to NWC, AMED, and FMED and signed,  in the case
of TRIAD, by its president and secretary.

                                    ARTICLE X

                                   TERMINATION

SECTION 10.1  Termination.  Notwithstanding  anything herein or elsewhere to the
contrary, this Agreement may be terminated:

     (a) By mutual agreement of the parties hereto at any time prior to Closing;

     (b) By the board of  directors of TRIAD at any time prior to the closing in
the event:
     (i) a condition to  performance by TRIAD under this Agreement or a covenant
of NWC, AMED, and FMED contained  herein shall not be fulfilled on or before the
time of the Closing or at such other time and date specified for the fulfillment
for such covenant or condition; or

     (ii) a material  default or breach of this Agreement  shall be made by NWC,
AMED, and FMED; or

     (iii) the Closing shall not have taken place on or prior to June 30, 2000.

     (c) By the board of directors of NWC,  AMED,  and FMED at any time prior to
the closing in the event:

     (i) a condition to NWC, AMED, and FMED performance  under this Agreement or
a covenant of TRIAD  contained  in this  Agreement  shall not be fulfilled on or
before the Closing or at such other time and date specified for the  fulfillment
of such covenant or conditions;

     (ii) a material default or breach of this Agreement shall be made by TRIAD;
or

     (iii) the Closing shall not have taken place on or prior to June 30, 2000.

SECTION  10.2 Effect of  Termination.  If this  Agreement  is  terminated,  this
Agreement,  except as to Sections 11.1, 11.2, shall no longer be of any force or
effect  and  there  shall  be no  liability  on the  part  of any  party  or its
respective  directors,  officers or stockholders;  provided however, that in the
case of a  Termination  without  cause by a party or a  termination  pursuant to
Sections  10.1(b) (i) or 10.1 (c) (i) hereof because of a prior material default
under or a material breach of this Agreement by another party, the damages which
the aggrieved party or parties may recover from the defaulting  party or parties
shall in no event exceed the amount of out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred
by such aggravated party or parties in connection with this Agreement.

SECTION 10.3 Recision.  In the event that prior to June 30, 2000, NWC, AMED, and
FMED fails to obtain any and all consents and/or  approvals that may be required
from the NWC, AMED, and FMED  shareholders  or any regulatory  authority for the
approval  and  ratification  of this  Agreement,  then this  Agreement  shall be
rescinded  and  become  null and void with the  result  that all shares of TRIAD
Common Stock issued to NWC, AMED,  and FMED hereunder are to be deemed  canceled
and no longer outstanding on the transfer records of TRIAD and that those assets
set forth in Exhibit 1.1 hereto shall be returned to
NWC, AMED, and FMED.

                                   ARTICLE XI

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 11.1 Cost and  Expenses.  All costs and expenses  incurred in connection
with this  Agreement will be paid by the party  incurring such expenses.  In the
event of any  termination  of this  Agreement  pursuant to Section 10.1 or 10.3,
subject to the  provisions of Section 11.2,  NWC,  AMED, and FMED and TRIAD will
each bear their own respective expenses.

SECTION 11.2 Extension of Time: Waivers. At any time prior to the Closing date:

     (a)  TRIAD  may (i)  extend  the  time  for the  performance  of any of the
obligations or other acts of NWC, AMED, and FMED, (ii) waive any inaccuracies in
the representations and warranties of NWC, AMED, and FMED contained herein or in
any document  delivered  pursuant  hereto by NWC, AMED, and FMED and (iii) waive
compliance  with any of the  agreements  or  conditions  contained  herein to be
performed by NWC, AMED, and FMED. Any agreement on the part of TRIAD to any such
extension  or  waiver  shall be valid  only if set  forth in an  instrument,  in
writing, signed on behalf of TRIAD;

     (b) NWC, AMED,  and FMEDmay (i) extend the time for the  performance of any
of the  obligations or other acts of TRIAD,  (ii) waive any  inaccuracies in the
representations  and  warranties  of TRIAD  contained  herein or in any document
delivered  pursuant  hereto by TRIAD and (iii) waive  compliance with any of the
agreements  or  conditions  contained  herein  to be  performed  by  TRIAD.  Any
agreement  on the part of NWC,  AMED,  and FMED to any such  extension or waiver
shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument,  in writing, signed on behalf
of NWC, AMED, and FMED;

SECTION 11.3 Notices.  Any notice to any party hereto pursuant to this Agreement
shall be given by Certified or Registered Mail, addressed as follows:

                         NORTHWEST MEDICAL CLINIC, INC.
                                2430 Herodian Way
                                Smyrna, GA 30080

                                   TRIAD, INC.
                       16935 West Bernardo Drive, Ste. 232
                               San Diego, CA 92127


     Additional  notices  are to be given to each party,  at such other  address
should be  designated  in writing  comply as to delivery  with the terms of this
Section  11.3.  All such  notices  shall be  effective  when sent,  addressed as
aforesaid.

SECTION 11.4 Parties in Interest.  This Agreement  shall inure to the benefit of
and be  binding  upon the  parties  hereto  and the  respective  successors  and
designees.  Nothing in this  Agreement  is intended to confer,  expressly  or by
implication,  upon any other person any rights or remedies under or by reason of
this Agreement.

SECTION  11.5  Counterparts.  This  Agreement  may be  executed  in one or  more
counterparts,  each of which  shall be deemed an  original  and  together  shall
constitute one document. The delivery by facsimile of an executed counterpart of
this  Agreement  shall be deemed to be an original and shall have the full force
and effect of an original executed copy.

SECTION 11.6 Severability.  The parties hereto agree and affirm that none of the
provisions herein is dependent upon the validity of any other provision,  and if
any part of this Agreement is deemed to be  unenforceable,  the remainder of the
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

SECTION 11.7 Headings.  The Article and Section headings are provided herein for
convenience of reference only and do not constitute a part of this Agreement.

SECTION 11.8 Governing Law. This Agreement  shall be governed by the laws of the
State of Nevada. Any action to enforce the provisions of this Agreement shall be
brought in a court of  competent  jurisdiction  in the State of Nevada and in no
other place.

SECTION 11.9 Survival of Representations and Warranties.  All terms, conditions,
representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement or in any instrument,
certificate,  opinion,  or other writing  providing for in it, shall survive the
Closing  and the  delivery  of the  shares  of TRIAD  Common  Stock  transferred
hereunder at the Closing,  regardless of any investigation  made by or on behalf
of any of the parties hereto.

SECTION 11.10  Assignability.  This Agreement  shall not be assignable by any of
the parties hereto without the prior written consent of the other parties.

SECTION 11.11 Amendment.  This Agreement may be amended with the approval of the
boards of directors of TRIAD and NWC, AMED, and FMED at any time before or after
approval  thereof by directors of TRIAD, if required,  and NWC, AMED, and FMED ;
but after such approval by the TRIAD directors, no amendment shall be made which
substantially and adversely changes the terms hereof.  This Agreement may not be
amended  except by an  instrument,  in writing,  signed on behalf of each of the
parties hereto.


IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  parties  hereto  have  executed  and  delivered  this
Acquisition Agreement in a manner legally binding upon them as of the date first
above written.

TRIAD
TRIAD INDUSTRIES, INC.                     ATTEST:





By:  /S/ Gary DeGano                      /S/ Michael Kelleher
Its: President                            Secretary


NWC
NORTHWEST MEDICAL CLINIC                    ATTEST


By: /S/ J. Wm. Byrd                        /S/ Richard A. Furlong
Its: President                             Secretary


AMERIMED OF GEORGIA                        ATTEST:


By: /S/ J. Wm. Byrd                        /S/ Richard A. Furlong
Its: President                             Secretary




FLORIMED OF TEMPA                           ATTEST:


By: /S/ Richard A. Furlong                  /S/ J. Wm. Byrd
Its: President                              Secretary







                                   CERTIFICATE

                                       OF

                            AMERIMED OF GEORGIA, INC.



     The  undersigned,  J. Wm. Byrd and Richard A. Furlong  hereby  certify that
they are the  President and Secretary  respectively,  of AMERIMED OF GEORGIA,  a
Georgia corporation and further certify as follows:

     1. That the representations and warranties of AMERIMED OF GEORGIA contained
in the  Acquisition  Agreement (the  "Agreement") by and between TRIAD, a Nevada
corporation,  and AMERIMED OF GEORGIA are true and correct at and as of the date
hereof.

     2. The obligations and covenants of AMERIMED OF GEORGIA to be performed and
observed  on or before the  Closing as defined in the  Agreement  have been duly
performed and observed.

     3. Except as otherwise  disclosed in the Agreement,  there has not occurred
since the date thereof, any adverse change in the business, condition (financial
or otherwise), assets or liabilities of the Company or any event or condition of
any character adversely affecting the Company.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have hereunto set their hands as of
this day 30  of June , 2000.



                                                 AMERIMED OF GEORGIA, INC.


                                                 By: /S/ J. Wm. Byrd
                                                 J. W. M. Byrd, President



                                                 By: /S/Richard A. Furlong
                                                 Richard A. Furlong, Secretary



                                   CERTIFICATE

                                       OF

                         NORTHWEST MEDICAL CLINIC, INC.



The undersigned, J. Wm. Byrd and Richard A. Furlong hereby certify that they are
the President and Secretary respectively, of NORTHWEST MEDICAL CLINIC, a Georgia
corporation and further certify as follows:

     1. That the  representations  and  warranties of NORTHWEST  MEDICAL  CLINIC
contained in the Acquisition Agreement (the "Agreement") by and between TRIAD, a
Nevada corporation,  and NORTHWEST MEDICAL CLINIC are true and correct at and as
of the date
hereof.

     2.  The  obligations  and  covenants  of  NORTHWEST  MEDICAL  CLINIC  to be
performed and observed on or before the Closing as defined in the Agreement have
been duly performed and observed.

     3. Except as otherwise  disclosed in the Agreement,  there has not occurred
since the date thereof, any adverse change in the business, condition (financial
or otherwise), assets or liabilities of the Company or any event or condition of
any character adversely affecting the Company.

     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  undersigned  have hereunto set their hands as of
this 30 day of June, 2000.


                                              NORTHWEST MEDICAL CLINIC, INC.


                                              By: /S/ J. Wm. Byrd
                                              J. W. M. Byrd, President


                                              By:/S/ Richard  A. Furlong
                                              Richard A. Furlong, Secretary


                                   CERTIFICATE

                                       OF

                             FLORIMED OF TAMPA, INC.



The undersigned, J. Wm. Byrd and Richard A. Furlong hereby certify that they are
the  President  and  Secretary  respectively,  of FLORIMED  OF TAMPA,  a Florida
corporation and further certify as follows:

     1. That the  representations  and warranties of FLORIMED OF TAMPA contained
in the  Acquisition  Agreement (the  "Agreement") by and between TRIAD, a Nevada
corporation,  and  FLORIMED  OF TAMPA are true and correct at and as of the date
hereof.

     2. The  obligations  and covenants of FLORIMED OF TAMPA to be performed and
observed  on or before the  Closing as defined in the  Agreement  have been duly
performed and observed.

     3. Except as otherwise  disclosed in the Agreement,  there has not occurred
since the date thereof, any adverse change in the business, condition (financial
or otherwise), assets or liabilities of the Company or any event or condition of
any character adversely affecting the Company.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the undersigned have hereunto set their hands as of this 30
day of June, 2000.


                                               FLORIMED OF TAMPA, INC.


                                               By:/S/ Richard A. Furlong
                                               Richard A. Furlong, President



                                               By:  /S/ J. Wm. Byrd
                                               J. Wm. Byrd, Secretary






                                   CERTIFICATE

                                       OF

                                   TRIAD, INC.



The  undersigned,  Gary DeGano and Michael Kelleher hereby certify that they are
the President and Secretary  respectively,  of TRIAD, INC., a Nevada corporation
("TRIAD") and further certify as follows:

     1.  That the  representations  and  warranties  of TRIAD  contained  in the
Acquisition  Agreement  (the  "Agreement")  by and between  TRIAD and  Northwest
Medical Clinic,  Inc.,  AMERIMED of Georgia,  Inc., and Florimed of Tampa, Inc.,
are true and correct at and as of the date hereof.

     2. The  obligations  and covenants of TRIAD to be performed and observed on
or before the Closing as defined in the Agreement  have been duly  performed and
observed.

     3. Except as otherwise  disclosed in the Agreement,  there has not occurred
since the date thereof, any adverse change in the business, condition (financial
or  otherwise),  assets or liabilities of TRIAD or any event or condition of any
character adversely affecting TRIAD.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have hereunto set their hands as of this day
30 of June, 2000.


                                                     TRIAD, INC.


                                                     By:  /S/ Gary DeGano
                                                      Gary DeGano, President



                                                     By:/S/ Michael Kelleher
                                                     Michael Kelleher, Secretary


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
