<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex2-1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.1
<TEXT>



                                                                     EXHIBIT 2.1


                            SHARE EXCHANGE AGREEMENT

     This Share Exchange Agreement, dated as of January 26, 2005, is made by and
among Auteo Media, Inc. (the "Acquiror Company"),  each of the Persons listed on
Exhibit  A  hereto  (collectively,  the  "Acquiror  Company  Shareholders",  and
individually an "Acquiror Company  Shareholder"),  each of the Persons listed on
Exhibit  B  hereto  (collectively,   the  "Shareholders",   and  individually  a
"Shareholder"),  and  WorldStar  Energy  Corp.  (ACN  095 238  645),  a  company
incorporated in British Columbia (the "Company").

                                   BACKGROUND

     The Shareholders have agreed to transfer to the Acquiror  Company,  and the
Acquiror Company has agreed to acquire from the Shareholders, all of the Shares,
which Shares constitute 100% of the outstanding capital stock of the Company, in
exchange  for  31,000,000  shares of the Acquiror  Company's  Common Stock to be
issued on the Closing  Date (the  "Acquiror  Company  Shares"),  which  Acquiror
Company Shares shall constitute  approximately 99% of the issued and outstanding
shares of Acquiror  Company's Common Stock  immediately after the closing of the
transactions  contemplated  herein, in each case, on the terms and conditions as
set forth herein.

                                    SECTION I
                                   DEFINITIONS

     Unless the context otherwise requires,  the terms defined in this Section 1
will have the meanings  herein  specified  for all  purposes of this  Agreement,
applicable  to both the  singular  and plural  forms of any of the terms  herein
defined.

     1.1  "Accredited  Investor" has the meaning set forth in Regulation D under
the Securities Act and set forth on Exhibit C.

     1.2 "Acquired Companies" means, collectively, the Company (WorldStar Energy
Corp. ) and the Company Subsidiaries, if any.

     1.3 "Acquiror  Company Balance Sheet" means the Acquiror  Company's audited
balance sheet at December 31, 2004.

     1.4 "Acquiror  Company  Board" means the Board of Directors of the Acquiror
Company  and  "Acquiror  Company  Shareholders"  means  any  shareholder  of the
Acquiror  Company who owns  beneficially  or of record in excess of twenty (20%)
percent of the issued and outstanding  common stock of the Acquiror Company.  If
there is no Acquiror Company Shareholders, all references to such are deem to be
surplus and are of no force and effect.

     1.5 "Acquiror  Company  Common Stock" means the Acquiror  Company's  common
stock, par value US $0.001 per share.

     1.6 "Acquiror Company Shares" means the Acquiror Company Common Stock being
issued to the Shareholders pursuant hereto.


                                       1


<PAGE>


     1.7 "Affiliate" means any Person that directly or indirectly  controls,  is
controlled by or is under common control with the indicated Person.

     1.8  "Agreement"  means  this  Share  Exchange  Agreement,   including  all
Schedules and Exhibits hereto, as this Share Exchange Agreement may be from time
to time amended, modified or supplemented.

     1.9  "Approved  Plans" means a stock option or similar plan for the benefit
of  employees  or others  which has been  approved  by the  stockholders  of the
Acquiror Company.

     1.10  "Closing  Acquiror  Company  Shares"  means the  aggregate  number of
Acquiror Company Shares issuable to the Shareholders at the Closing Date.

     1.11 "Closing Date" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.

     1.12 "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

     1.13 "Common Stock" means the Company's common shares,  US $.001 nominal or
par value per share.

     1.14 "Commission" means the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other
federal agency then administering the Securities Act.

     1.15 "Company Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

     1.16 "Company Indemnified Party" has the meaning set forth in Section 10.3.

     1.17  "Company   Subsidiaries"   means  all  of  the  direct  and  indirect
Subsidiaries  of  the  Company,  including,   without  limitation,  PT  MubaStar
International (which entity is or will be an 80% subsidiary of the Company).

     1.18 "Covered Persons" means all Persons,  other than Acquiror Company, who
are parties to indemnification  and employment  agreements with Acquiror Company
existing on or before the Closing Date.

     1.19 "Damages" has the meaning set forth in Section 10.3.

     1.20  "Distributor"  means  any  underwriter,  dealer or other  Person  who
participates,  pursuant to a contractual arrangement, in the distribution of the
securities offered or sold in reliance on Regulation S.

     1.21 "Lurgi" means Lurgi AG, a company  incorporated  under the laws of the
Republic of Germany and having its principal office in Frankfurt, Germany.

     1.22  "Environmental  Laws" means any Law or other requirement  relating to
the  environment,  natural  resources,  or public or employee health and safety.

     1.23 "Environmental  Permit" means all licenses,  permits,  authorizations,
approvals, franchises and rights required under any applicable Environmental Law
or Order.


                                       2


<PAGE>


     1.24  "Equity  Security"  means any stock or similar  security,  including,
without  limitation,   securities  containing  equity  features  and  securities
containing profit  participation  features,  or any security convertible into or
exchangeable for, with or without consideration,  any stock or similar security,
or any  security  carrying  any  warrant,  right or  option to  subscribe  to or
purchase any shares of capital stock, or any such warrant or right.

     1.25 "ERISA" means the Employee  Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended.

     1.26 "Exchange" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.

     1.27  "Exchange  Act"  means  the  Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934 or any
similar  federal  statute,  and the  rules  and  regulations  of the  Commission
thereunder, all as the same will then be in effect.

     1.28 "Exhibits"  means the several  exhibits  referred to and identified in
this Agreement.

     1.29 "GAAP"  means,  with respect to any Person,  United  States  generally
accepted accounting  principles applied on a consistent basis with such Person's
past practices.

     1.30  "Governmental  Authority"  means any  federal or  national,  state or
provincial, municipal or local government, governmental authority, regulatory or
administrative  agency,  governmental  commission,  department,  board,  bureau,
agency or instrumentality,  political subdivision,  commission, court, tribunal,
official, arbitrator or arbitral body, in each case whether U.S. or non-U.S.

     1.31  "Indebtedness"  means any  obligation,  contingent or otherwise.  Any
obligation  secured  by a  Lien  on,  or  payable  out of the  proceeds  of,  or
production  from,   property  of  the  relevant  party  will  be  deemed  to  be
Indebtedness.

     1.32   "Intellectual   Property"  means  all  industrial  and  intellectual
property,  including,  without limitation, all U.S. and non-U.S. patents, patent
applications,  patent rights,  trademarks,  trademark  applications,  common law
trademarks,  Internet  domain names,  trade names,  service marks,  service mark
applications,  common law service marks, and the goodwill associated  therewith,
copyrights,  in both  published and  unpublished  works,  whether  registered or
unregistered,  copyright applications,  franchises,  licenses,  know-how,  trade
secrets,  technical data, designs,  customer lists, confidential and proprietary
information,   processes  and  formulae,   all  computer  software  programs  or
applications,  layouts, inventions,  development tools and all documentation and
media  constituting,  describing  or relating to the above,  including  manuals,
memoranda,  and records,  whether such  intellectual  property has been created,
applied for or obtained anywhere throughout the world.


                                       3



<PAGE>


     1.33  "Laws"  means,  with  respect to any  Person,  any U.S.  or  non-U.S.
federal,   national,   state,  provincial,   local,  municipal,   international,
multinational or other law (including common law), constitution,  statute, code,
ordinance, rule, regulation or treaty applicable to such Person.

     1.34 "Lien" means any mortgage,  pledge,  security  interest,  encumbrance,
lien or charge of any kind, including,  without limitation, any conditional sale
or other  title  retention  agreement,  any lease in the nature  thereof and the
filing  of or  agreement  to give any  financing  statement  under  the  Uniform
Commercial Code of any  jurisdiction and including any lien or charge arising by
Law.

     1.35 "Material  Acquiror  Company  Contract"  means any and all agreements,
contracts,  arrangements,  leases,  commitments  or  otherwise,  of the Acquiror
Company Companies,  of the type and nature that the Acquiror Company is required
to file with the Commission.

     1.36  "Material  Adverse  Effect"  means,  when  used with  respect  to the
Acquiror Company  Companies or the Acquired Company  Companies,  as the case may
be, any change, effect or circumstance which,  individually or in the aggregate,
would  reasonably  be  expected  to (a) have a  material  adverse  effect on the
business,  assets,  financial condition or results of operations of the Acquiror
Company  Companies or the Acquired  Companies,  as the case may be, in each case
taken as a whole or (b) materially impair the ability of the Acquiror Company or
the  Company,  as the case may be,  to  perform  their  obligations  under  this
Agreement,  excluding any change, effect or circumstance  resulting from (i) the
announcement,  pendency or consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement,  (ii) changes in the United States securities markets  generally,  or
(iii)  changes  in  general  economic,  currency  exchange  rate,  political  or
regulatory  conditions in industries in which the Acquiror Company  Companies or
the Acquired Companies, as the case may be, operate.

     1.37  "Order"  means any  award,  decision,  injunction,  judgment,  order,
ruling,  subpoena,  or  verdict  entered,  issued,  made,  or  rendered  by  any
Governmental Authority.

     1.38  "Organizational  Documents"  means (a) the articles or certificate of
incorporation  and the by-laws or code of regulations of a corporation;  (b) the
partnership agreement and any statement of partnership of a general partnership;
(c) the limited partnership agreement and the certificate of limited partnership
of a limited  partnership;  (d) the articles or  certificate  of  formation  and
operating  agreement  of a limited  liability  company;  (e) any other  document
performing a similar  function to the  documents  specified in clauses (a), (b),
(c) and (d)  adopted or filed in  connection  with the  creation,  formation  or
organization  of a  Person;  and  (f)  any  and  all  amendments  to  any of the
foregoing.

     1.39  "Permitted  Liens"  means (a) Liens for Taxes not yet  payable  or in
respect  of which the  validity  thereof  is being  contested  in good  faith by
appropriate proceedings and for the payment of which the relevant party has made
adequate  reserves;  (b) Liens in respect of pledges or deposits under workmen's
compensation laws or similar  legislation,  carriers,  warehousemen,  mechanics,
laborers and materialmen  and similar Liens, if the obligations  secured by such
Liens  are  not  then  delinquent  or are  being  contested  in  good  faith  by
appropriate  proceedings  conducted  and for the  payment of which the  relevant


                                       4


<PAGE>


party has made adequate reserves;  (c) statutory Liens incidental to the conduct
of the business of the relevant party which were not incurred in connection with
the  borrowing of money or the  obtaining of advances or credits and that do not
in the aggregate materially detract from the value of its property or materially
impair the use  thereof in the  operation  of its  business;  and (d) Liens that
would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

     1.40 "Person" means all natural  persons,  corporations,  business  trusts,
associations,   companies,  partnerships,  limited  liability  companies,  joint
ventures and other entities, governments, agencies and political subdivisions.

     1.41  "Proceeding"   means  any  action,   arbitration,   audit,   hearing,
investigation,  litigation, or suit (whether civil, criminal,  administrative or
investigative)  commenced,  brought,  conducted,  or  heard  by  or  before,  or
otherwise involving, any Governmental Authority.

     1.42  "Regulation S" means  Regulation S under the  Securities  Act, as the
same  may be  amended  from  time to time,  or any  similar  rule or  regulation
hereafter adopted by the Commission.

     1.43 "Rule 144" means Rule 144 under the Securities Act, as the same may be
amended from time to time, or any successor statute.

     1.44 "Schedule  14(f) Filing" means an information  statement  filed by the
Acquiror Company on Schedule 14f-1 under the Exchange Act.

     1.45  "Schedules"  means the several  schedules  referred to and identified
herein,  setting forth certain  disclosures,  exceptions and other  information,
data and documents referred to at various places throughout this Agreement.

     1.46 "SEC Documents" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.26.

     1.47  "Section  4(2)" means Section 4(2) under the  Securities  Act, as the
same may be amended from time to time, or any successor statute.

     1.48 "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,  or any
similar  federal  statute,  and the  rules  and  regulations  of the  Commission
thereunder, all as the same will be in effect at the time.

     1.49 "Shares" means the 177,084 issued and  outstanding  ordinary shares of
the Company.

     1.50  "Subsidiary"  means,  with  respect to any Person,  any  corporation,
limited liability company, joint venture or partnership of which such Person (a)
beneficially owns, either directly or indirectly, more than 50% of (i) the total
combined voting power of all classes of voting  securities of such entity,  (ii)
the total combined equity  interests,  or (iii) the capital or profit interests,
in the  case of a  partnership;  or (b)  otherwise  has the  power to vote or to
direct the voting of  sufficient  securities to elect a majority of the board of
directors or similar governing body.


                                       5


<PAGE>


     1.51 "Survival Period" has the meaning set forth in Section 10.1.

     1.52 "Taxes"  means all foreign,  federal,  state or local taxes,  charges,
fees, levies, imposts, duties and other assessments,  as applicable,  including,
but not limited to, any income,  alternative minimum or add-on, estimated, gross
income,  gross receipts,  sales, use, transfer,  transactions,  intangibles,  ad
valorem, value-added,  franchise, registration, title, license, capital, paid-up
capital,  profits,  withholding,  payroll,  employment,   unemployment,  excise,
severance,  stamp,  occupation,  premium,  real  property,  recording,  personal
property,  federal highway use, commercial rent, environmental  (including,  but
not limited to,  taxes  under  Section 59A of the Code) or windfall  profit tax,
custom,  duty or other tax,  governmental fee or other like assessment or charge
of any kind  whatsoever,  together with any interest,  penalties or additions to
tax with respect to any of the  foregoing;  and "Tax" means any of the foregoing
Taxes.

     1.53 "Tax Group" means any federal,  state, local or foreign  consolidated,
affiliated,  combined,  unitary  or other  similar  group of which the  Acquiror
Company is now or was formerly a member.

     1.54 "Tax Return" means any return,  declaration,  report, claim for refund
or credit,  information  return,  statement or other similar document filed with
any  Governmental  Authority  with respect to Taxes,  including  any schedule or
attachment thereto, and including any amendment thereof.

     1.55   "Transaction   Documents"  means,   collectively,   all  agreements,
instruments  and other documents to be executed and delivered in connection with
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

     1.56 "U.S." means the United States of America.

     1.57 "U.S.  Dollars" or "US $" means the  currency of the United  States of
America.

     1.58 "U.S.  Person"  has the meaning  set forth in  Regulation  S under the
Securities Act and set forth on Exhibit D hereto.

                                   SECTION II
                   EXCHANGE OF SHARES AND SHARE CONSIDERATION

     2.1 SHARE EXCHANGE.  At the Closing, each Shareholder shall transfer to the
Acquiror  Company  the  number of Shares  set out forth in  Exhibit  B, and,  in
consideration therefor,  subject to Section 2.2, Acquiror Company shall issue to
such  Shareholder  the number of shares of Acquiror  Company Common Stock so set
forth (the "Exchange").  The total amount of Acquiror Company Common Stock to be
issued to the Shareholders shall be 31,000,000 shares.

     2.2  WITHHOLDING.  The  Acquiror  Company  shall be  entitled to deduct and
withhold from the Acquiror  Company Shares  otherwise  payable  pursuant to this
Agreement  to any  Shareholder  such  amounts  as it is  required  to deduct and
withhold  with  respect  to the  making  of such  payment  under the Code or any
provision  of state,  local,  provincial  or foreign tax Law. To the extent that
amounts are so withheld, such withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes
of this  Agreement  as having been paid to the  Shareholder  in respect of which
such deduction and withholding was made.


                                       6


<PAGE>


     2.3 SECTION 368 REORGANIZATION.  For U.S. federal income tax purposes,  the
Exchange is  intended to  constitute  a  "reorganization"  within the meaning of
Section  368(a)(1)(B)  of the Code. The parties to this  Agreement  hereby adopt
this  Agreement  as a "plan of  reorganization"  within the  meaning of Sections
1.368-2(g)   and   1.368-3(a)  of  the  United  States   Treasury   Regulations.
Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else to the contrary contained in this
Agreement,  the  parties  acknowledge  and  agree  that no party is  making  any
representation  or  warranty  as to  the  qualification  of  the  Exchange  as a
reorganization  under Section 368 of the Code or as to the effect,  if any, that
any  transaction  consummated  prior to the Closing  Date has or may have on any
such reorganization  status. The parties acknowledge and agree that each (i) has
had the opportunity to obtain  independent  legal and tax advice with respect to
the  transaction  contemplated  by this  Agreement,  and (ii) is responsible for
paying its own Taxes, including without limitation, any adverse Tax consequences
that  may  result  if the  transaction  contemplated  by this  Agreement  is not
determined to qualify as a reorganization under Section 368 of the Code.

     2.4 DIRECTORS OF ACQUIROR COMPANY AT CLOSING DATE. By the Closing Date the
current  directors of the Acquiror  Company shall appoint John  Nainggolan,  and
Drajat Hadiwijoyoas additional members of the Acquiror Company Board.

                                  SECTION III
                                  CLOSING DATE

     3.1 CLOSING  DATE.  The closing of the Exchange  will occur on February 28,
2005 or at such  later  date  as all of the  closing  conditions  set  forth  in
Sections 8 and 9 have been satisfied or waived (the "Closing Date").

                                   SECTION IV
                 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SHAREHOLDERS

     4.1  GENERALLY.  Each  Shareholder,   severally  and  not  jointly,  hereby
represents and warrants to the Acquiror Company:

          4.1.1 AUTHORITY.  Such Shareholder has the right, power, authority and
capacity to execute  and  deliver  this  Agreement  and each of the  Transaction
Documents to which such  Shareholder is a party, to consummate the  transactions
contemplated  by this Agreement and each of the  Transaction  Documents to which
such Shareholder is a party, and to perform such Shareholder's obligations under
this Agreement and each of the Transaction  Documents to which such  Shareholder
is a party.  This Agreement has been, and each of the  Transaction  Documents to
which such  Shareholder  is a party will be,  duly and  validly  authorized  and
approved,  executed and delivered by such  Shareholder.  Assuming this Agreement
and the Transaction  Documents have been duly and validly  authorized,  executed
and delivered by the parties thereto other than such Shareholder, this Agreement
is, and each of the Transaction  Documents to which such  Shareholder is a party


                                       7


<PAGE>


have been,  duly  authorized,  executed and  delivered by such  Shareholder  and
constitutes  the  legal,  valid  and  binding  obligation  of such  Shareholder,
enforceable  against such Shareholder in accordance with their respective terms,
except as such  enforcement is limited by general  equitable  principles,  or by
bankruptcy,  insolvency  and other  similar Laws  affecting the  enforcement  of
creditors rights generally.

          4.1.2  NO  CONFLICT.   Neither  the  execution  or  delivery  by  such
Shareholder  of  this  Agreement  or any  Transaction  Document  to  which  such
Shareholder is a party,  nor the consummation or performance by such Shareholder
of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby will, directly or indirectly,
(a) contravene,  conflict with, or result in a violation of any provision of the
Organization Documents of such Shareholder (if such Shareholder is not a natural
person);  (b)  contravene,  conflict with,  constitute a default (or an event or
condition  which,  with  notice  or lapse of time or both,  would  constitute  a
default) under,  or result in the termination or acceleration  of, any agreement
or instrument to which such Shareholder is a party or by which the properties or
assets of such  Shareholder  are bound;  or (c)  contravene,  conflict  with, or
result in a violation of, any Law or Order to which such Shareholder,  or any of
the properties or assets of such Shareholder, may be subject.

          4.1.3  OWNERSHIP  OF  SHARES.  Such  Shareholder  owns,  of record and
beneficially,  and has good,  valid and  indefeasible  title to and the right to
transfer to the Acquiror Company pursuant to this Agreement,  such Shareholder's
Shares free and clear of any and all Liens. There are no options, rights, voting
trusts, stockholder agreements or any other contracts or understandings to which
such Shareholder is a party or by which such  Shareholder or such  Shareholder's
Shares  are bound  with  respect  to the  issuance,  sale,  transfer,  voting or
registration  of such  Shareholder's  Shares.  At the Closing Date, the Acquiror
Company will acquire  good,  valid and  marketable  title to such  Shareholder's
Shares free and clear of any and all Liens.

          4.1.4  LITIGATION.   There  is  no  pending  Proceeding  against  such
Shareholder that challenges,  or may have the effect of preventing,  delaying or
making  illegal,  or  otherwise   interfering  with,  any  of  the  transactions
contemplated  by this  Agreement and, to the knowledge of such  Shareholder,  no
such Proceeding has been threatened, and no event or circumstance exists that is
reasonably  likely to give rise to or serve as a basis for the  commencement  of
any such Proceeding.

          4.1.5 NO BROKERS OR FINDERS. Except as disclosed in Schedule 4.1.5, no
Person has, or as a result of the  transactions  contemplated  herein will have,
any right or valid claim against such  Shareholder  for any  commission,  fee or
other  compensation as a finder or broker, or in any similar capacity,  and such
Shareholder  will indemnify and hold the Acquiror  Company  harmless against any
liability or expense arising out of, or in connection with, any such claim.

     4.2  INVESTMENT  REPRESENTATIONS.   Each  Shareholder,  severally  and  not
jointly, hereby represents and warrants to the Acquiror Company:

          4.2.1 ACKNOWLEDGMENT. Each Shareholder understands and agrees that the
Acquiror  Company Shares to be issued pursuant to has not been registered  under
the Securities Act or the securities  laws of any state of the U.S. and that the
issuance of the Acquiror Company Shares is being effected in reliance upon an


                                       8


<PAGE>


exemption from registration afforded either under Section 4(2) of the Securities
Act for  transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering or Regulation
S for offers and sales of securities outside the U.S.

          4.2.2 STATUS.  By its execution of this Agreement,  each  Shareholder,
severally and not jointly,  represents  and warrants to the Acquiror  Company as
indicated on its signature page to this Agreement, either that:

               (a) such Shareholder is an Accredited Investor; or

               (b) such Shareholder is not a U.S. Person.

               Each Shareholder severally understands that the Acquiror  Company
Shares are being offered and sold to such Shareholder in reliance upon the truth
and accuracy of the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and
understandings  of such  Shareholder set forth in this Agreement,  in order that
the Acquiror  Company may determine the  applicability  and  availability of the
exemptions  from  registration  of the  Acquiror  Company  Shares  on which  the
Acquiror Company is relying.

          4.2.3   ADDITIONAL   REPRESENTATIONS   AND  WARRANTIES  OF  ACCREDITED
INVESTORS.  Each  Shareholder  indicating that such Shareholder is an Accredited
Investor on its  signature  page to this  Agreement,  severally and not jointly,
further makes the  representations  and  warranties to the Acquiror  Company set
forth on Exhibit E.

          4.2.4 ADDITIONAL  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF NON-U.S.  PERSONS.
Each  Shareholder  indicating that it is not a U.S. person on its signature page
to this Agreement,  severally and not jointly, further makes the representations
and warranties to the Acquiror Company set forth on Exhibit F.

          4.2.5 STOCK LEGENDS.  Each Shareholder hereby agrees with the Acquiror
Company as follows:

               (a)   Securities   Act  Legend  -   Accredited   Investors.   The
          certificates  evidencing  the Acquiror  Company Shares issued to those
          Shareholders who are Accredited Investors, and each certificate issued
          in transfer thereof, will bear the following legend:

         THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED
         UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "ACT"),  OR ANY STATE
         SECURITIES  LAWS AND NEITHER SUCH  SECURITIES NOR ANY INTEREST  THEREIN
         MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT
         (1)  PURSUANT  TO  AN  EFFECTIVE   REGISTRATION   STATEMENT  UNDER  THE
         SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE  STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR (2) PURSUANT TO
         AN  AVAILABLE  EXEMPTION  FROM  THE  REGISTRATION  REQUIREMENTS  OF THE
         SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE  STATE SECURITIES LAWS, IN WHICH CASE THE
         HOLDER MUST, PRIOR TO SUCH TRANSFER,  FURNISH TO THE COMPANY AN OPINION
         OF COUNSEL,  WHICH COUNSEL AND OPINION ARE REASONABLY  SATISFACTORY  TO


                                       9


<PAGE>


         THE  COMPANY,  THAT SUCH  SECURITIES  MAY BE  OFFERED,  SOLD,  PLEDGED,
         ASSIGNED OR OTHERWISE  TRANSFERRED IN THE MANNER CONTEMPLATED  PURSUANT
         TO AN AVAILABLE  EXEMPTION FROM THE  REGISTRATION  REQUIREMENTS  OF THE
         SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

               (b) SECURITIES ACT LEGEND - NON-U.S.  PERSONS.  The  certificates
          evidencing the Acquiror  Company  Shares issued to those  Shareholders
          who are not U.S.  Persons,  and each  certificate  issued in  transfer
          thereof, will bear the following legend:

         THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED
         UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "ACT"),  OR ANY STATE
         SECURITIES  LAWS AND NEITHER SUCH  SECURITIES NOR ANY INTEREST  THEREIN
         MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT
         (1) IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER
         THE SECURITIES  ACT, AND BASED ON AN OPINION OF COUNSEL,  WHICH COUNSEL
         AND  OPINION  ARE  REASONABLY  SATISFACTORY  TO THE  COMPANY,  THAT THE
         PROVISIONS  OF  REGULATION  S HAVE BEEN  SATISFIED  (2)  PURSUANT TO AN
         EFFECTIVE   REGISTRATION   STATEMENT   UNDER  THE  SECURITIES  ACT  AND
         APPLICABLE  STATE  SECURITIES  LAWS  OR (3)  PURSUANT  TO AN  AVAILABLE
         EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION  REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND
         APPLICABLE  STATE SECURITIES LAWS, IN WHICH CASE THE HOLDER MUST, PRIOR
         TO SUCH TRANSFER,  FURNISH TO THE COMPANY AN OPINION OF COUNSEL,  WHICH
         COUNSEL AND OPINION ARE REASONABLY  SATISFACTORY  TO THE COMPANY,  THAT
         SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE OFFERED,  SOLD,  PLEDGED,  ASSIGNED OR OTHERWISE
         TRANSFERRED  IN  THE  MANNER  CONTEMPLATED  PURSUANT  TO  AN  AVAILABLE
         EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION  REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND
         APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.  HEDGING  TRANSACTIONS  INVOLVING THE
         SECURITIES  REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS
         IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT.

               (c) OTHER LEGENDS.  The certificates  representing  such Acquiror
          Company Shares, and each certificate issued in transfer thereof,  will
          also  bear  any  other  legend  required  under  any  applicable  Law,
          including,  without  limitation,  any U.S.  state  corporate and state
          securities law, or contract.

               (d)  OPINION.  No  Shareholder  will  transfer  any or all of the
          Acquiror  Company  Shares  pursuant  to  Regulation  S  or  absent  an
          effective   registration   statement  under  the  Securities  Act  and
          applicable  state  securities  law  covering the  disposition  of such
          Shareholder's  Acquiror  Company  Shares,  without first providing the
          Acquiror Company with an opinion of counsel (which counsel and opinion
          are  reasonably  satisfactory  to the Acquiror  Company) to the effect
          that such  transfer will be made in  compliance  with  Regulation S or
          will be  exempt  from the  registration  and the  prospectus  delivery
          requirements   of  the   Securities  Act  and  the   registration   or
          qualification  requirements  of any applicable  U.S. state  securities
          laws.


                                       10


<PAGE>


               (e) CONSENT.  Each Shareholder  understands and acknowledges that
          the  Acquiror  Company may refuse to  transfer  the  Acquiror  Company
          Shares,  unless such Shareholder  complies with this Section 4.2.5 and
          any other restrictions on transferability  set forth in Exhibits E and
          F. Each Shareholder consents to the Acquiror Company making a notation
          on its records or giving  instructions  to any  transfer  agent of the
          Acquiror Company's Common Stock in order to implement the restrictions
          on transfer of the Acquiror Company Shares.

                                    SECTION V
                  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

     The Company represents and warrants to the Acquiror Company as follows:

     5.1 ORGANIZATION AND  QUALIFICATION.  The Company is duly  incorporated and
validly existing under the laws of British Columbia,  Canada,  has all requisite
authority   and   power   (corporate   and   other),    governmental   licenses,
authorizations,  consents  and  approvals  to carry on its business as presently
conducted  and as  contemplated  to be  conducted,  to own, hold and operate its
properties and assets as now owned,  held and operated by it, to enter into this
Agreement,  to carry out the provisions hereof except where the failure to be so
organized, existing and in good standing or to have such authority or power will
not,  in the  aggregate,  either  (i)  have a  material  adverse  effect  on the
business,  assets,  financial  condition,  or prospects of the Company,  or (ii)
materially  impair  the  ability of the  Company  and the  Shareholders  each to
perform their material  obligations under this Agreement (any of such effects or
impairments,  a  "Material  Adverse  Effect").  The  Company is duly  qualified,
licensed  or  domesticated  as a foreign  corporation  in good  standing in each
jurisdiction  wherein the nature of its  activities or its  properties  owned or
leased makes such qualification,  licensing or domestication  necessary,  except
where the failure to be so qualified,  licensed or domesticated  will not have a
Material  Adverse  Effect.  Set  forth  on  Schedule  5.1  is a  list  of  those
jurisdictions in which the Company presently conducts its business,  owns, holds
and operates its properties and assets.

     5.2 SUBSIDIARIES. Except as set forth on Schedule 5.2, the Company does not
own  directly  or  indirectly,  any equity or other  ownership  interest  in any
corporation,  partnership,  joint  venture or other entity or  enterprise.  Said
Schedule 5.2 contains a detailed  description  of the interest of the Company in
the methonal project (sometimes  "Venture")  located in Indonesia,  as described
therein.  Except for the  finanancing  referred  to in  Section  9.1.1 and 9.1.2
below,  the the Venture has all  requisite  authority and power  (corporate  and
other), governmental licenses,  authorizations,  consents and approvals to carry
on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated to be conducted,  and
to own,  hold and  operate  its  properties  and assets as now  owned,  held and
operated by it, or to be owned, held and operated upon payment pursuant to

     5.3 ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION AND GOVERNING  RULES. The Company does not have
any Memorandum and Articles of  Association  and is governed by the  replaceable
rules under the  Corporations  Act. The Company is not in violation or breach of
any of the provisions of the  replaceable  rules,  except for such violations or
breaches as, in the aggregate, will not have a Material Adverse Effect.


                                       11


<PAGE>


     5.4  AUTHORIZATION  AND VALIDITY OF THIS  AGREEMENT.  The  recording of the
transfer of the Shares and the  delivery of new  certificates  representing  the
Shares  registered  in the name of  Acquiror  Company  are within the  Company's
corporate powers,  have been duly authorized by all necessary  corporate action,
do not  require  from the Board or  Shareholders  of the  Company any consent or
approval  that  has  not  been  validly  and  lawfully   obtained,   require  no
authorization,   consent,   approval,   license,   exemption  of  or  filing  or
registration  with any  court or  governmental  department,  commission,  board,
bureau,  agency or  instrumentality  of government that has not been validly and
lawfully  obtained,  filed or  registered,  as the case may be, except for those
that, if not obtained or made would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

     5.5 NO VIOLATION.  None of the  execution,  delivery or  performance by the
Company of this Agreement or any Transaction  Document to which the Company is a
party,  nor the  consummation  by the Company of the  transactions  contemplated
hereby violates any provision of its  Organizational  Documents,  or violates or
conflicts  with, or constitute a default (or an event or condition  which,  with
notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default) under, or result in
the termination or  acceleration  of, or result in the creation of imposition of
any Lien under,  any  agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or
by which the Company is or will be bound or subject, or violate any laws.

     5.6 BINDING OBLIGATIONS.  Assuming this Agreement has been duly and validly
authorized, executed and delivered by the Acquiror Company, the Acquiror Company
Shareholders  and the  Shareholders  of the Company,  this  Agreement is and all
agreements or instruments  contemplated  hereby to which the Company is a party,
have been duly  authorized,  executed  and  delivered by the Company and are the
legal, valid and binding Agreement of the Company and is enforceable against the
Company in accordance with its terms,  except as such  enforcement is limited by
general  equitable  principles,  or by bankruptcy,  insolvency and other similar
laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally.

     5.7 CAPITALIZATION AND RELATED MATTERS.

          5.7.1 CAPITALIZATION. The issued capital stock of the Company consists
of _____  ordinary  fully paid  shares.  Except as set forth in Schedule  5.7.1,
there are no outstanding or authorized options, warrants, calls,  subscriptions,
rights (including any preemptive rights or rights of first refusal),  agreements
or  commitments  of any character  obligating  the Company to issue any ordinary
shares or any other  capital  stock of the Company.  All issued and  outstanding
shares of the Company's capital stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully
paid and  nonassessable  and have not been issued in violation of any preemptive
or similar rights.

          5.7.2 NO  REDEMPTION  REQUIREMENTS.  Except as set  forth in  Schedule
5.7.2,  there  are  no  outstanding   contractual   obligations  (contingent  or
otherwise) of the Company to retire, repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any
outstanding  shares of capital  stock of, or other  ownership  interests in, the
Company or to provide  funds to or make any  investment  (in the form of a loan,
capital contribution or otherwise) in any other entity.


                                       12


<PAGE>


          5.7.3  DULY  AUTHORIZED.  The  exchange  of the  Shares  has been duly
authorized,  and the  Shares  have been  validly  issued  and are fully paid and
nonassessable.

     5.8 SHAREHOLDERS.  Exhibit B contains a true and complete list of the names
and  addresses of the record and  beneficial  holders of all of the  outstanding
capital stock of the Company. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, no
holder of Shares or any other  security  of the  Company or any other  Person is
entitled to any preemptive  right,  right of first refusal or similar right as a
result of the  issuance of the shares or  otherwise.  There is no voting  trust,
agreement or arrangement  among any of the  Shareholders of any capital stock of
the Company  affecting  the  exercise of the voting  rights of any such  capital
stock.

     5.9 COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND OTHER INSTRUMENTS.  Except as would not have a
Material  Adverse  Effect,  the business and operations of the Company have been
and are being  conducted in accordance  with all  applicable  foreign,  federal,
state  and  local  laws,  rules  and  regulations  and  all  applicable  orders,
injunctions, decrees, writs, judgments,  determinations and awards of all courts
and  governmental  agencies  and  instrumentalities.  Except as would not have a
Material  Adverse  Effect,  the  Company  is not,  and is not  alleged to be, in
violation  of, or (with or  without  notice or lapse of time or both) in default
under, or in breach of, any term or provision of its Organizational Documents or
of any  indenture,  loan or credit  agreement,  note,  deed of trust,  mortgage,
security  agreement  or  other  material  agreement,  lease,  license  or  other
instrument,  commitment,  obligation  or  arrangement  to which the Company is a
party or by which any of the Company's properties, assets or rights are bound or
affected.  To the  knowledge  of the  Company,  no other  party to any  material
contract, agreement, lease, license, commitment,  instrument or other obligation
to which the Company is a party is. The Company is not subject to any obligation
or restriction of any kind or character,  nor is there,  to the knowledge of the
Company,  any event or circumstance  relating to the Company that materially and
adversely  affects in any way its business,  properties,  assets or prospects or
that would prevent or make  burdensome its performance of or compliance with all
or  any  part  of  this  Agreement  or  the  consummation  of  the  transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby.

     5.10  CERTAIN  PROCEEDINGS.  There is no pending  Proceeding  that has been
commenced  against the Company  and that  challenges,  or may have the effect of
preventing,  delaying, making illegal, or otherwise interfering with, any of the
transactions contemplated in this Agreement. To the Company's knowledge, no such
Proceeding has been threatened.

     5.11  NO  BROKERS  OR  FINDERS.  No  person  has,  or as a  result  of  the
transactions contemplated herein will have, any right or valid claim against the
Company for any commission,  fee or other compensation as a finder or broker, or
in any similar  capacity,  and the Company will  indemnify and hold the Acquiror
Company  harmless  against  any  liability  or  expense  arising  out of,  or in
connection with, any such claim.

     5.12 TITLE TO AND CONDITION OF PROPERTIES.  The Company owns or holds under
valid leases or other rights to use all real  property,  plants,  machinery  and
equipment  necessary for the conduct of the business of the Company as presently
conducted,  except  where  the  failure  to own or hold such  property,  plants,
machinery and equipment would not have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.


                                       13


<PAGE>


     5.13 BOARD  RECOMMENDATION.  The Board has, by unanimous  written  consent,
determined  that  this  Agreement  and  the  transactions  contemplated  by this
Agreement, are advisable and in the best interests of the Shareholders.

                                   SECTION VI
           REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE ACQUIROR COMPANY AND
                       THE ACQUIROR COMPANY SHAREHOLDERS

     The Acquiror  Company and the Acquiror  Company  Shareholders,  jointly and
severally, represent and warrant to the Shareholders and the Company as follows:

     6.1 ORGANIZATION AND QUALIFICATION. The Acquiror Company is duly organized,
validly  existing and in good  standing  under the laws of its  jurisdiction  of
organization,  has all  requisite  authority  and power  (corporate  and other),
governmental  licenses,  authorizations,  consents and approvals to carry on its
business as presently  conducted and to own, hold and operate its properties and
assets as now owned,  held and operated by it, except where the failure to be so
organized,  existing and in good standing,  or to have such authority and power,
governmental  licenses,  authorizations,  consents or approvals would not have a
Material  Adverse Effect.  The Acquiror  Company is duly qualified,  licensed or
domesticated  as a foreign  corporation  in good  standing in each  jurisdiction
wherein the nature of its activities or its properties  owned,  held or operated
makes such qualification, licensing or domestication necessary, except where the
failure to be so duly qualified,  licensed or domesticated  and in good standing
would not have a Material  Adverse  Effect.  The SEC Documents set forth a true,
correct and complete list of the Acquiror Company's jurisdiction of organization
and each other jurisdiction in which the Acquiror Company presently conducts its
business or owns, holds and operates its properties and assets.

     6.2   SUBSIDIARIES.   The  Acquiror  Company  does  not  own,  directly  or
indirectly,   any  equity  or  other  ownership  interest  in  any  corporation,
partnership, joint venture or other entity or enterprise.

     6.3  ORGANIZATIONAL  DOCUMENTS.  True,  correct and complete  copies of the
Organizational  Documents  of the Acquiror  Company  have been  delivered to the
Company prior to the execution of this  Agreement,  and no action has been taken
to amend or repeal such Organizational Documents. The Acquiror Company is not in
violation or breach of any of the  provisions of its  Organizational  Documents,
except for such  violations  or  breaches  as would not have a Material  Adverse
Effect.

     6.4  AUTHORIZATION.  The Acquiror  Company has all requisite  authority and
power (corporate and other), governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and
approvals to enter into this Agreement and each of the Transaction  Documents to
which  the  Acquiror   Company  is  a  party,  to  consummate  the  transactions
contemplated  by this Agreement and each of the  Transaction  Documents to which
the  Acquiror  Company  is a party and to  perform  its  obligations  under this
Agreement and each of the Transaction Documents to which the Acquiror Company is
a party. The execution, delivery and performance by the Acquiror Company of this
Agreement and each of the Transaction Documents to which the Acquiror Company is
a party have been duly authorized by all necessary  corporate  action and do not


                                       14


<PAGE>

require  from the Acquiror  Company  Board or the  stockholders  of the Acquiror
Company any consent or approval that has not been validly and lawfully obtained.
The  execution,  delivery  and  performance  by the  Acquiror  Company  of  this
Agreement and each of the Transaction Documents to which the Acquiror Company is
a party requires no authorization,  consent, approval,  license, exemption of or
filing or  registration  with any  Governmental  Authority or other Person other
than (a) the Schedule 14(f) Filing,  and (b) such other  customary  filings with
the Commission for transactions of the type contemplated by this Agreement.

     6.5 NO  VIOLATION.  Neither the  execution nor the delivery by the Acquiror
Company of this  Agreement  or any  Transaction  Document to which the  Acquiror
Company is a party,  nor the consummation or performance by the Acquiror Company
of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby will, directly or indirectly,
(a) contravene,  conflict with, or result in a violation of any provision of the
Organizational Documents of the Acquiror Company; (b) contravene, conflict with,
constitute  a default (or an event or condition  which,  with notice or lapse of
time or both, would constitute a default) under, or result in the termination or
acceleration  of, or result in the imposition or creation of any Lien under, any
agreement or instrument to which the Acquiror Company is a party or by which the
properties or assets of the Acquiror Company are bound; (c) contravene, conflict
with,  or  result in a  violation  of,  any Law or Order to which  the  Acquiror
Company,  or any of the  properties  or  assets  owned  or used by the  Acquiror
Company,  may be  subject;  or (d)  contravene,  conflict  with,  or result in a
violation of, the terms or requirements of, or give any  Governmental  Authority
the right to  revoke,  withdraw,  suspend,  cancel,  terminate  or  modify,  any
licenses, permits, authorizations, approvals, franchises or other rights held by
the Acquiror  Company or that otherwise relate to the business of, or any of the
properties or assets owned or used by, the Acquiror Company, except, in the case
of clause (b), (c), or (d), for any such contraventions,  conflicts, violations,
or other occurrences as would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

     6.6  BINDING  OBLIGATIONS.  Assuming  this  Agreement  and the  Transaction
Documents have been duly and validly  authorized,  executed and delivered by the
parties thereto other than the Acquiror Company,  this Agreement and each of the
Transaction  Documents  to  which  the  Acquiror  Company  is a party  are  duly
authorized,  executed and delivered by the Acquiror  Company and constitutes the
legal,  valid and  binding  obligations  of the  Acquiror  Company,  enforceable
against the Acquiror Company in accordance with their respective  terms,  except
as  such  enforcement  is  limited  by  general  equitable  principles,   or  by
bankruptcy,  insolvency  and other  similar Laws  affecting the  enforcement  of
creditors rights generally.

     6.7  SECURITIES  LAWS.  Assuming  the accuracy of the  representations  and
warranties of the Shareholders  contained in Section 4 and Exhibits E and F, the
issuance of the  Acquiror  Company  Shares  pursuant to this  Agreement  are (a)
exempt  from  the  registration  and  prospectus  delivery  requirements  of the
Securities  Act,  (b) have been  registered  or  qualified  (or are exempt  from
registration and qualification)  under the registration  permit or qualification
requirements of all applicable  state  securities  laws, and (c) accomplished in
conformity with all other applicable federal and state securities laws.

     6.8 CAPITALIZATION AND RELATED MATTERS.


                                       15


<PAGE>


          6.8.1  CAPITALIZATION.  The  authorized  capital stock of the Acquiror
Company consists of 25,000,000 shares of the Acquiror Company's Common Stock, of
which  177,084  shares are issued and  outstanding.  All issued and  outstanding
shares of the  Acquiror  Company's  Common  Stock are duly  authorized,  validly
issued,  fully paid and nonassessable,  and have not been issued in violation of
any preemptive or similar rights. At the Closing Date, the Acquiror Company will
have  sufficient  authorized  and unissued  Acquiror  Company's  Common Stock to
consummate the transactions  contemplated hereby. Except as disclosed in the SEC
Documents,  there are no outstanding  options,  warrants,  purchase  agreements,
participation  agreements,  subscription  rights,  conversion  rights,  exchange
rights or other  securities or contracts that could require the Acquiror Company
to issue,  sell or otherwise  cause to become  outstanding any of its authorized
but  unissued  shares  of  capital  stock or any  securities  convertible  into,
exchangeable  for or  carrying a right or option to  purchase  shares of capital
stock  or to  create,  authorize,  issue,  sell or  otherwise  cause  to  become
outstanding   any  new  class  of  capital  stock.   There  are  no  outstanding
stockholders'  agreements,  voting trusts or arrangements,  registration  rights
agreements, rights of first refusal or other contracts pertaining to the capital
stock of the  Acquiror  Company.  The  issuance of all of the shares of Acquiror
Company's  Common Stock  described in this Section 6.8.1 have been in compliance
with U.S. federal and state securities laws.

          6.8.2  NO  REDEMPTION  REQUIREMENTS.  Except  as set  forth in the SEC
Documents,  there are no  outstanding  contractual  obligations  (contingent  or
otherwise) of the Acquiror  Company to retire,  repurchase,  redeem or otherwise
acquire any outstanding shares of capital stock of, or other ownership interests
in, the Acquiror  Company or to provide funds to or make any  investment (in the
form of a loan, capital contribution or otherwise) in any other Person.

          6.8.3 DULY AUTHORIZED. The issuance of the Acquiror Company Shares has
been duly  authorized  and, upon delivery to the  Shareholders  of  certificates
therefor in accordance  with the terms of this Agreement,  the Acquiror  Company
Shares will have been validly issued and fully paid, and will be  nonassessable,
have  the  rights,  preferences  and  privileges  specified,  will  be  free  of
preemptive  rights  and will be free and clear of all  Liens  and  restrictions,
other than Liens  created  by the  Shareholders  and  restrictions  on  transfer
imposed by this Agreement and the Securities Act.

     6.9  COMPLIANCE  WITH  LAWS.  Except as would not have a  Material  Adverse
Effect,  the business and  operations of the Acquiror  Company have been and are
being  conducted in accordance  with all applicable  Laws and Orders.  Except as
would not have a Material Adverse Effect,  the Acquiror Company has not received
notice of any  violation  (or any  Proceeding  involving  an  allegation  of any
violation) of any applicable Law or Order by or affecting such Acquiror  Company
and, to the  knowledge  of the  Acquiror  Company,  no  Proceeding  involving an
allegation  of  violation  of any  applicable  Law or  Order  is  threatened  or
contemplated.  Except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect,  the Acquiror
Company  is not  subject  to any  obligation  or  restriction  of  any  kind  or
character,  nor is there, to the knowledge of the Acquiror Company, any event or
circumstance  relating to the Acquiror  Company that  materially  and  adversely
affects  in any  way its  business,  properties,  assets  or  prospects  or that
prohibits  the  Acquiror  Company  from  entering  into this  Agreement or would
prevent or make burdensome its performance of or compliance with all or any part
of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.


                                       16


<PAGE>


     6.10  CERTAIN  PROCEEDINGS.  There is no pending  Proceeding  that has been
commenced  against the  Acquiror  Company and that  challenges,  or may have the
effect of preventing,  delaying,  making illegal, or otherwise interfering with,
any of the transactions  contemplated by this Agreement. To the knowledge of the
Acquiror Company, no such Proceeding has been threatened.

     6.11  NO  BROKERS  OR  FINDERS.  No  Person  has,  or as a  result  of  the
transactions contemplated herein will have, any right or valid claim against the
Acquiror  Company for any commission,  fee or other  compensation as a finder or
broker, or in any similar capacity,  and the Acquiror Company will indemnify and
hold the Company harmless against any liability or expense arising out of, or in
connection with, any such claim.

     6.12  ABSENCE OF  UNDISCLOSED  LIABILITIES.  Except as set forth in the SEC
Documents,  the Acquiror Company has no debt,  obligation or liability  (whether
accrued, absolute, contingent, liquidated or otherwise, whether due or to become
due,  whether  or  not  known  to  the  Acquiror  Company)  arising  out  of any
transaction  entered into at or prior to the Closing Date or any act or omission
at or prior to the Closing  Date,  except to the extent set forth on or reserved
against  on the  Acquiror  Company  Balance  Sheet.  All debts,  obligations  or
liabilities  with respect to directors and officers  will be cancelled  prior to
the  Closing.   The  Acquiror  Company  has  not  incurred  any  liabilities  or
obligations  under agreements  entered into, in the usual and ordinary course of
business  since January 1, 2004. The Acquiror  Company  Balance Sheet provides a
true and fair view of the assets and  liabilities  (whether  accrued,  absolute,
contingent,  liquidated or otherwise,  whether due or to become due,  whether or
not known to Acquiror Company) as at December 31, 2003.

     6.13  CHANGES.  Except  as set  forth in the SEC  Documents,  the  Acquiror
Company has, since January 1, 2005:

          6.13.1 ORDINARY COURSE OF BUSINESS.  Conducted its business or entered
into any  transaction  other than in the usual and ordinary  course of business,
except for this Agreement.

          6.13.2  ADVERSE  CHANGES.  Suffered or  experienced  any change in, or
affecting,   its  condition  (financial  or  otherwise),   properties,   assets,
liabilities, business, operations, results of operations or prospects other than
changes,  events or conditions in the usual and ordinary course of its business,
none of which would have a Material Adverse Effect;

          6.13.3 LOANS. Made any loans or advances to any Person;

          6.13.4  LIENS.  Created or permitted to exist any Lien on any material
property or asset of the Acquiror Company, other than Permitted Liens;

          6.13.5  CAPITAL STOCK.  Issued,  sold,  disposed of or encumbered,  or
authorized the issuance,  sale,  disposition  or  encumbrance  of, or granted or
issued any option to acquire any shares of its capital stock or any other of its
securities or any Equity Security, or altered the term of any of its outstanding
securities or made any change in its outstanding  shares of capital stock or its
capitalization, whether by reason of reclassification,  recapitalization,  stock
split,  combination,  exchange  or  readjustment  of shares,  stock  dividend or
otherwise;


                                       17


<PAGE>


          6.13.6  DIVIDENDS.  Declared,  set aside, made or paid any dividend or
other distribution to any of its stockholders;

          6.13.7 MATERIAL ACQUIROR COMPANY CONTRACTS. Terminated or modified any
Material  Acquiror Company  Contract,  except for termination upon expiration in
accordance with the terms thereof;

          6.13.8  CLAIMS.  Released,  waived or  cancelled  any claims or rights
relating to or  affecting  the  Acquiror  Company in excess of US $10,000 in the
aggregate  or  instituted  or settled any  Proceeding  involving in excess of US
$10,000 in the aggregate;

          6.13.9  DISCHARGED  LIABILITIES.  Paid,  discharged  or satisfied  any
claim, obligation or liability in excess of US $10,000 in the aggregate,  except
for  liabilities  incurred  prior to the date of this  Agreement in the ordinary
course of business;

          6.13.10 INDEBTEDNESS.  Created,  incurred, assumed or otherwise become
liable for any Indebtedness in excess of US $10,000 in the aggregate, other than
professional fees;

          6.13.11  GUARANTEES.  Guaranteed or endorsed in a material  amount any
obligation or net worth of any Person;

          6.13.12  ACQUISITIONS.  Acquired the capital stock or other securities
or any ownership  interest in, or substantially  all of the assets of, any other
Person;

          6.13.13 ACCOUNTING. Changed its method of accounting or the accounting
principles or practices utilized in the preparation of its financial statements,
other than as required by GAAP;

          6.13.14 AGREEMENTS.  Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, entered
into any agreement, or otherwise obligated itself, to do any of the foregoing.

     6.14 MATERIAL ACQUIROR COMPANY  CONTRACTS.  Except to the extent filed with
the SEC Documents, the Acquiror Company has made available to the Company, prior
to the date of this Agreement, true, correct and complete copies of each written
Material  Acquiror Company  Contract,  including each amendment,  supplement and
modification thereto.

          6.14.1 NO DEFAULTS. Each Material Acquiror Company Contract is a valid
and binding  agreement of the Acquiror Company that is party thereto,  and is in
full force and effect.  Except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect,  the
Acquiror  Company is not in breach or default of any Material  Acquiror  Company
Contract to which it is a party and, to the  knowledge of the Acquiror  Company,
no other party to any Material Acquiror Company Contract is in breach or default
thereof.  Except  as would  not have a  Material  Adverse  Effect,  no event has
occurred or  circumstance  exists that (with or without notice or lapse of time)
would (a)  contravene,  conflict  with or result in a violation or breach of, or
become a default  or event of  default  under,  any  provision  of any  Material
Acquiror Company Contract or (b) permit the Acquiror Company or any other Person
the right to declare a default or exercise any remedy  under,  or to  accelerate
the maturity or performance  of, or to cancel,  terminate or modify any Material
Acquiror Company Contract. The Acquiror Company has not received notice


<PAGE>


of the pending or  threatened  cancellation,  revocation or  termination  of any
Material  Acquiror  Company  Contract  to  which  it is a  party.  There  are no
renegotiations  of,  or  attempts  to  renegotiate,  or  outstanding  rights  to
renegotiate any material terms of any Material Acquiror Company  Contract.

     6.15 EMPLOYEES.

          6.15.1 The Acquiror Company has no employees,  independent contractors
or other Persons  providing  research or other services to them. Except as would
not have a Material  Adverse Effect,  the Acquiror Company is in full compliance
with all Laws regarding employment,  wages, hours, benefits,  equal opportunity,
collective  bargaining,   the  payment  of  Social  Security  and  other  taxes,
occupational  safety and health and plant closing.  The Acquiror  Company is not
liable for the payment of any compensation,  damages, taxes, fines, penalties or
other  amounts,  however  designated,  for  failure  to  comply  with any of the
foregoing Laws.

          6.15.2 No director,  officer or employee of the Acquiror  Company is a
party to, or is otherwise bound by, any contract (including any confidentiality,
noncompetition  or proprietary  rights  agreement) with any other Person that in
any way adversely  affects or will materially  affect (a) the performance of his
or her duties as a director,  officer or employee of the Acquiror Company or (b)
the ability of the Acquiror Company to conduct its business. Except as set forth
in the SEC  Documents,  each employee of the Acquiror  Company is employed on an
at-will basis and the Acquiror Company has no contract with any of its employees
which would  interfere  with the Acquiror  Company's  ability to  discharge  its
employees.

     6.16 TAX RETURNS AND AUDITS.

          6.16.1 TAX RETURNS.  The  Acquiror  Company has filed all material Tax
Returns  required to be filed by or on behalf of the  Acquiror  Company and have
paid all  material  Taxes of the  Acquiror  Company  required  to have been paid
(whether or not  reflected  on any Tax  Return).  Except as set forth in the SEC
Documents,  (a) no Governmental  Authority in any jurisdiction has made a claim,
assertion or threat to the Acquiror  Company that the Acquiror Company is or may
be subject to taxation by such jurisdiction; (b) there are no Liens with respect
to Taxes on the  Acquiror  Company's  property  or assets  other than  Permitted
Liens;  and (c) there are no Tax  rulings,  requests  for  rulings,  or  closing
agreements  relating  to the  Acquiror  Company  for any period (or portion of a
period) that would affect any period after the date hereof.

          6.16.2 NO  ADJUSTMENTS,  CHANGES.  The Acquiror  Company nor any other
Person on behalf of the  Acquiror  Company (a) has  executed  or entered  into a
closing  agreement  pursuant  to  Section  7121 of the  Code or any  predecessor
provision  thereof or any similar  provision of state,  local or foreign law; or
(b) has agreed to or is  required  to make any  adjustments  pursuant to Section
481(a) of the Code or any similar provision of state, local or foreign law.

          6.16.3  NO  DISPUTES.   There  is  no  pending   audit,   examination,
investigation,  dispute,  proceeding  or claim with  respect to any Taxes of the
Acquiror Company, nor is any such claim or dispute pending or contemplated.  The
Acquiror Company has delivered to the Company true,  correct and complete copies
of all Tax Returns, if any, examination reports and


                                       19


<PAGE>


statements  of  deficiencies  assessed or  asserted  against or agreed to by the
Acquiror  Company  since their  inception  and any and all  correspondence  with
respect to the foregoing.

          6.16.4 NOT A U.S.  REAL  PROPERTY  HOLDING  CORPORATION.  The Acquiror
Company  is not  and  has  not  been  a  United  States  real  property  holding
corporation  within the  meaning of  Section  897(c)(2)  of the Code at any time
during the applicable period specified in Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii) of the Code.

          6.16.5 NO TAX ALLOCATION, SHARING. The Acquiror Company is not a party
to any Tax allocation or sharing  agreement.  Other than with respect to the Tax
Group of which the Acquiror  Company is the common parent,  the Acquiror Company
(a) has been a member of a Tax Group  filing a  consolidated  income  Tax Return
under  Section  1501 of the Code (or any similar  provision  of state,  local or
foreign law),  and (b) has any liability for Taxes for any Person under Treasury
Regulations  Section  1.1502-6  (or any  similar  provision  of state,  local or
foreign law) as a transferee or successor, by contract or otherwise.

          6.16.6 NO OTHER  ARRANGEMENTS.  The Acquiror Company is not a party to
any  agreement,   contract  or  arrangement  for  services  that  would  result,
individually or in the aggregate, in the payment of any amount that would not be
deductible by reason of Section  162(m),  280G or 404 of the Code.  The Acquiror
Company is not a "consenting  corporation"  within the meaning of Section 341(f)
of the Code. The Acquiror  Company does not have any  "tax-exempt  bond financed
property" or "tax-exempt  use property"  within the meaning of Section 168(g) or
(h),  respectively  of  the  Code.  The  Acquiror  Company  does  not  have  any
outstanding closing agreement,  ruling request,  request for consent to change a
method  of  accounting,  subpoena  or  request  for  information  to or  from  a
Governmental  Authority in connection  with any Tax matter.  During the last two
years, the Acquiror Company has not engaged in any exchange with a related party
(within  the meaning of Section  1031(f) of the Code) under which gain  realized
was not  recognized by reason of Section 1031 of the Code.  The Company is not a
party to any reportable  transaction  within the meaning of Treasury  Regulation
Section 1.6011-4.

     6.17 MATERIAL ASSETS. The financial  statements of the Acquiror Company set
forth in the SEC Documents reflect the material  properties and assets (real and
personal) owned or leased by the Acquiror Company.

     6.18  INSURANCE  COVERAGE.  The Acquiror  Company has made available to the
Company, prior to the date of this Agreement,  true, correct and complete copies
of any insurance  policies  maintained by the Acquiror Company on its properties
and  assets.  Except as would not have a Material  Adverse  Effect,  all of such
policies  (a)  taken  together,  provide  adequate  insurance  coverage  for the
properties,  assets  and  operations  of each  Acquiror  Company  for all  risks
normally  insured  against by a Person  carrying  on the same  business  as such
Acquiror Company, and (b) are sufficient for compliance with all applicable Laws
and Material  Acquiror  Company  Contracts.  Except as would not have a Material
Adverse  Effect,  all of such policies are valid,  outstanding and in full force
and effect and, by their express  terms,  will continue in full force and effect
following the consummation of the  transactions  contemplated by this Agreement.
Except as set forth in the SEC Documents,  the Acquiror Company has not received
(a) any refusal of coverage or any notice that a defense  will be afforded  with


                                       20


<PAGE>


reservation of rights, or (b) any notice of cancellation or any other indication
that any  insurance  policy is no longer in full  force or effect or will not be
renewed or that the issuer of any policy is not  willing or able to perform  its
obligations thereunder.  All premiums due on such insurance policies on or prior
to the date hereof have been paid.  There are no pending  claims with respect to
the  Acquiror  Company  or its  properties  or assets  under any such  insurance
policies,  and there are no claims as to which the  insurers  have  notified the
Acquiror  Company  that they  intend  to deny  liability.  There is no  existing
default under any such insurance policies.

     6.19 LITIGATION; ORDERS. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, there is
no Proceeding  (whether  federal,  state,  local or foreign)  pending or, to the
knowledge of the Acquiror Company,  threatened against or affecting the Acquiror
Company or the Acquiror Company's properties,  assets, business or employees. To
the knowledge of the Acquiror Company,  there is no fact that might result in or
form the basis for any such  Proceeding.  The Acquiror Company is not subject to
any Orders.

     6.20  LICENSES.  Except as would not have a Material  Adverse  Effect,  the
Acquiror  Company  possesses  from the  appropriate  Governmental  Authority all
licenses,  permits,  authorizations,  approvals,  franchises and rights that are
necessary  for the  Acquiror  Company  to engage in its  business  as  currently
conducted and to permit the Acquiror  Company to own and use its  properties and
assets in the manner in which it  currently  owns and uses such  properties  and
assets (collectively,  "Acquiror Company Permits"). The Acquiror Company has not
received  notice from any  Governmental  Authority or other Person that there is
lacking  any  license,  permit,  authorization,  approval,  franchise  or  right
necessary  for the  Acquiror  Company  to engage in its  business  as  currently
conducted and to permit the Acquiror  Company to own and use its  properties and
assets in the manner in which it  currently  owns and uses such  properties  and
assets. Except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect, the Acquiror Company
Permits  are valid  and in full  force  and  effect.  Except as would not have a
Material Adverse Effect,  no event has occurred or circumstance  exists that may
(with or without notice or lapse of time): (a) constitute or result, directly or
indirectly,  in a violation of or a failure to comply with any Acquiror  Company
Permit; or (b) result,  directly or indirectly,  in the revocation,  withdrawal,
suspension, cancellation or termination of, or any modification to, any Acquiror
Company  Permit.   The  Acquiror  Company  has  not  received  notice  from  any
Governmental Authority or any other Person regarding:  (a) any actual,  alleged,
possible or potential  contravention of any Acquiror Company Permit;  or (b) any
actual,  proposed,  possible or potential  revocation,  withdrawal,  suspension,
cancellation,  termination of, or modification  to, any Acquiror Company Permit.
All  applications  required to have been filed for the  renewal of such  Company
Permits have been duly filed on a timely basis with the appropriate Persons, and
all other  filings  required  to have been made with  respect  to such  Acquiror
Company  Permits  have  been duly made on a timely  basis  with the  appropriate
Persons.  All Acquiror  Company  Permits are  renewable by their terms or in the
ordinary  course  of  business  without  the need to  comply  with  any  special
qualification  procedures  or to pay any  amounts  other  than  routine  fees or
similar charges, all of which have, to the extent due, been duly paid.

     6.21 INTERESTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS.  No officer, director or stockholder of
the Acquiror Company or any Affiliate or "associate" (as such term is defined in
Rule 405 of the Commission under the Securities Act) of any such Person,  has or
has had, either directly or indirectly,  (1) an interest in any Person which (a)
furnishes  or sells  services or  products  which are  furnished  or sold or are


                                       21


<PAGE>


proposed to be furnished or sold by the Acquiror Company,  or (b) purchases from
or sells or furnishes to, or proposes to purchase  from,  sell to or furnish any
Acquiror  Company any goods or  services;  or (2) a  beneficial  interest in any
contract or agreement  to which the  Acquiror  Company is a party or by which it
may be bound or affected.

     6.22  GOVERNMENTAL  INQUIRIES.  The  Acquiror  Company has  provided to the
Company  a copy of  each  material  written  inspection  report,  questionnaire,
inquiry, demand or request for information received by the Acquiror Company from
any Governmental  Authority,  and the Acquiror Company's  response thereto,  and
each material written statement,  report or other document filed by the Acquiror
Company with any Governmental Authority.

     6.23 BANK ACCOUNTS AND SAFE DEPOSIT  BOXES.  The Acquiror  Company does not
use a deposit or financial  account, a lock box, or a safety deposit box, in its
business as presently conducted.

     6.24  INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY.  The  Acquiror  Company  does not own, use or
license any Intellectual Property in its business as presently conducted, except
as set forth in the SEC Documents.

     6.25  TITLE TO AND  CONDITION  OF  PROPERTIES.  Except  as would not have a
Material  Adverse  Effect,  the Acquiror  Company owns (with good and marketable
title in the case of real  property) or holds under valid leases or other rights
to use all real  property,  plants,  machinery,  equipment  and  other  personal
property necessary for the conduct of its business as presently conducted,  free
and clear of all Liens, except Permitted Liens. The material buildings,  plants,
machinery  and  equipment  necessary  for the  conduct  of the  business  of the
Acquiror  Company as presently  conducted are  structurally  sound,  are in good
operating  condition  and repair and are adequate for the uses to which they are
being put, and none of such buildings, plants, machinery or equipment is in need
of maintenance or repairs, except for ordinary,  routine maintenance and repairs
that are not material in nature or cost.

     6.26 SEC DOCUMENTS;  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS.  The Acquiror Company has filed
all  reports  required  to be filed  by it under  the  Exchange  Act,  including
pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d)  thereof,  for the three (3) years  preceding
the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Acquiror  Company was required by
law to file such material) (the foregoing materials being collectively  referred
to herein as the "SEC  Documents")  and,  while  not  having  filed all such SEC
Documents prior to the expiration of any extension(s),  is nevertheless  current
with  respect to its Exchange Act filing  requirements.  As of their  respective
dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements
of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and  regulations of the
Commission promulgated  thereunder,  and none of the SEC Documents,  when filed,
contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
fact  required to be stated  therein or necessary in order to make the statement
therein,  in  light  of the  circumstances  under  which  they  were  made,  not
misleading.  All material agreements to which the Acquiror Company is a party or
to which the  property or assets of the  Acquiror  Company are subject have been
appropriately  filed  as  exhibits  to the SEC  Documents  as and to the  extent
required  under the  Exchange  Act.  The  financial  statements  of the Acquiror
Company  included in the SEC  Documents  comply in all  material  respects  with
applicable  accounting   requirement  and  the  rules  and  regulations  of  the
Commission  with  respect  thereto  as in  effect  at the time of  filing,  were


                                       22


<PAGE>


prepared  in  accordance  with GAAP  applied on a  consistent  basis  during the
periods  involved  (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto,  or, in the
case of unaudited  statements as permitted by Form 10-Q of the Commission),  and
fairly  present  in all  material  respects  (subject  in the case of  unaudited
statements,  to normal,  recurring audit  adjustments) the financial position of
the Acquiror  Company as at the dates thereof and the results of its  operations
and cash flows for the periods then ended.  The Acquiror  Company's Common Stock
is listed on the OTC Bulletin  Board,  and the Acquiror  Company is not aware of
any facts which would make the Acquiror  Company's  Common Stock  ineligible for
quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board.

     6.27 STOCK OPTION PLANS; EMPLOYEE BENEFITS.

          6.27.1 The Acquiror  Company has no stock option plans  providing  for
the grant by the Acquiror  Company of stock  options to  directors,  officers or
employees.

          6.27.2  The  Acquiror   Company  has  no  employee  benefit  plans  or
arrangements  covering their present and former employees or providing  benefits
to such persons in respect of services provided the Acquiror Company.

          6.27.3  Neither  the  consummation  of the  transactions  contemplated
hereby  alone,  nor in  combination  with  another  event,  with respect to each
director,  officer, employee and consultant of the Acquiror Company, will result
in (a) any  payment  (including,  without  limitation,  severance,  unemployment
compensation or bonus payments) becoming due from the Acquiror Company,  (b) any
increase  in the  amount  of  compensation  or  benefits  payable  to  any  such
individual  or (c) any  acceleration  of the  vesting  or timing of  payment  of
compensation payable to any such individual. No agreement,  arrangement or other
contract of the Acquiror Company provides benefits or payments  contingent upon,
triggered by, or increased as a result of a change in the ownership or effective
control of the Acquiror Company.

     6.28  ENVIRONMENTAL  AND  SAFETY  MATTERS.  Except  as set forth in the SEC
Documents and except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect:

          6.28.1 The Acquiror  Company has at all time been and is in compliance
with all Environmental Laws applicable to the Acquiror Company.

          6.28.2  There are no  Proceedings  pending or  threatened  against the
Acquiror   Company   alleging  the  violation  of  any   Environmental   Law  or
Environmental  Permit  applicable  to the Acquiror  Company or alleging that the
Acquiror Company is a potentially  responsible party for any environmental  site
contamination.

          6.28.3 Neither this Agreement nor the consummation of the transactions
contemplated  by this Agreement shall impose any obligations to notify or obtain
the  consent  of  any   Governmental   Authority  or  third  Persons  under  any
Environmental Laws applicable to the Acquiror Company.

     6.29 MONEY  LAUNDERING  LAWS. The operations of the Acquiror Company is and
has  been  conducted  at all  times  in  compliance  with  applicable  financial
recordkeeping   and   reporting   requirements   of  the  Currency  and  Foreign
Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money laundering statutes of


                                       23


<PAGE>


all U.S. and non-U.S.  jurisdictions,  the rules and regulations  thereunder and
any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or
enforced by any  Governmental  Authority  (collectively,  the "Money  Laundering
Laws") and no  Proceeding  involving  the  Acquiror  Company with respect to the
Money  Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Acquiror  Company,
threatened.

     6.30 BOARD  RECOMMENDATION.  The Acquiror  Company Board, at a meeting duly
called  and held,  has  determined  that  this  Agreement  and the  transactions
contemplated  by this  Agreement are advisable and in the best  interests of the
Acquiror  Company's  stockholders and has duly authorized this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

                                  SECTION VII
                       COVENANTS OF THE ACQUIROR COMPANY

     7.1 RULE 144 REPORTING.  Subject to the Acquiror  Company  Shareholders not
being in material  breach of the  warranties and  representations  in Section 6,
with a view to making  available  to the  Acquiror  Company's  stockholders  the
benefit of certain rules and regulations of the Commission  which may permit the
sale of the Acquiror  Company Common Stock to the public  without  registration,
from and after the Closing Date, the Acquiror Company agrees to:

          7.1.1 Make and keep public information  available,  as those terms are
understood and defined in Rule 144; and

          7.1.2 File with the  Commission,  in a timely manner,  all reports and
other documents required of the Acquiror Company under the Exchange Act.

     7.2 SEC  DOCUMENTS.  From and  after  the  Closing  Date,  in the event the
Commission  notifies  the  Acquiror  Company  of its  intent to  review  any SEC
Document  filed prior to the Closing Date or the Acquiror  Company  receives any
oral or written  comments from the  Commission  with respect to any SEC Document
filed prior to the Closing Date, the Acquiror  Company shall promptly notify the
Acquiror Company  Shareholders and the Acquiror Company Shareholders shall fully
cooperate with the Acquiror Company.

                                  SECTION VIII
                  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT OF THE ACQUIROR COMPANY

     The  Acquiror  Company's  obligation  to acquire the Shares and to take the
other actions  required to be taken by the Acquiror  Company at the Closing Date
is subject to the satisfaction,  at or prior to the Closing Date, of each of the
following  conditions  (any of which may be waived by the Acquiror  Company,  in
whole or in part):

     8.1 ACCURACY OF REPRESENTATIONS.  The representations and warranties of the
Company and the  Shareholders  set forth in this Agreement or in any Schedule or
certificate  delivered  pursuant hereto that are not qualified as to materiality
shall  be true  and  correct  in all  material  respects  as of the date of this
Agreement except to the extent a representation or warranty is expressly limited
by its terms to  another  date and  without  giving  effect to any  supplemental


                                       24


<PAGE>


Schedule. The representations and warranties of the Company and the Shareholders
set forth in this Agreement or in any Schedule or certificate delivered pursuant
hereto that are  qualified  as to  materiality  shall be true and correct in all
respects as of the date of this Agreement, except to the extent a representation
or warranty is expressly limited by its terms to another date and without giving
effect to any supplemental Schedule.

     8.2 PERFORMANCE BY THE COMPANY AND SHAREHOLDERS.

          8.2.1  All of the  covenants  and  obligations  that the  Company  and
Shareholders  are  required  to  perform  or to  comply  with  pursuant  to this
Agreement (considered collectively), and each of these covenants and obligations
(considered  individually),  must have been duly  performed and complied with in
all material respects.

          8.2.2 Each  document  required to be  delivered by the Company and the
Shareholders pursuant to this Agreement must have been delivered.

     8.3 NO FORCE  MAJEURE  EVENT.  There shall not have been any delay,  error,
failure or interruption in the conduct of the business of any Acquired  Company,
or any loss, injury, delay, damage,  distress,  or other casualty,  due to force
majeure including but not limited to (a) acts of God; (b) fire or explosion; (c)
war, acts of terrorism or other civil unrest; or (d) national emergency.

     8.4 CERTIFICATE OF OFFICER. The Company will have delivered to the Acquiror
Company a  certificate  executed by an officer of the  Company,  certifying  the
satisfaction of the conditions specified in Sections 8.1, 8.2, and 8.3.

     8.5 CERTIFICATE OF  SHAREHOLDERS.  Each  Shareholder will have delivered to
the Acquiror Company a certificate  executed by such  Shareholder,  if a natural
person, or an authorized  officer of the Shareholder,  if an entity,  certifying
the satisfaction of the conditions specified in Sections 8.1 and 8.2.

     8.6 CONSENTS.

          8.6.1 All material  consents,  waivers,  approvals,  authorizations or
orders  required to be  obtained,  and all filings  required to be made,  by the
Company and/or the Shareholders for the authorization, execution and delivery of
this Agreement and the consummation by them of the transactions  contemplated by
this  Agreement,  shall  have  been  obtained  and  made by the  Company  or the
Shareholders,  as the case may be,  except  where the  failure to  receive  such
consents, waivers,  approvals,  authorizations or orders or to make such filings
would not have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company or the Acquiror Company.

          8.6.2 Without limiting the foregoing,  the Schedule 14(f) Filing shall
have been mailed to the  stockholders of the Acquiror  Company not less than ten
(10) days prior to the Closing  Date.  No  Proceeding  occasioned by the Section
14(f) Filing shall have been  initiated or threatened by the  Commission  (which
Proceeding remains unresolved as of the Closing Date).

     8.7  DOCUMENTS.  The  Company  and the  Shareholders  must  deliver  to the
Acquiror Company at the Closing (i) share certificates  evidencing the number of
Shares held by each Shareholder (as set forth in Exhibit A), along with executed


                                       25


<PAGE>


share transfer forms  transferring  such Shares to the Acquiror Company together
with a  certified  copy of a  board  resolution  of the  Company  approving  the
registration  of the  transfer of such shares to  Acquiror  Company  (subject to
Closing and payment of stamp duty),  (ii) each of the  Transaction  Documents to
which the Company and/or the Shareholders is a party,  duly executed,  (iii) and
such other  documents as the  Acquiror  Company may  reasonably  request for the
purpose  of (A)  evidencing  the  accuracy  of any  of the  representations  and
warranties  of the Company and the  Shareholders  pursuant to Section  8.1,  (B)
evidencing the performance of, or compliance by the Company and the Shareholders
with,  any covenant or  obligation  required to be performed or complied with by
the  Company  or the  Shareholders,  as the  case  may be,  (C)  evidencing  the
satisfaction  of any  condition  referred to in this  Section,  or (D) otherwise
facilitating  the  consummation  or  performance  of  any  of  the  transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

     8.8 NO  PROCEEDINGS.  There  must not have  been  commenced  or  threatened
against the Acquiror  Company,  the Company or any  Shareholder,  or against any
Affiliate thereof, any Proceeding (which Proceeding remains unresolved as of the
Closing Date) (a) involving any challenge to, or seeking damages or other relief
in connection with, any of the transactions  contemplated by this Agreement,  or
(b) that may have  the  effect  of  preventing,  delaying,  making  illegal,  or
otherwise  interfering  with  any  of  the  transactions  contemplated  by  this
Agreement.

     8.9 NO CLAIM  REGARDING STOCK  OWNERSHIP OR  CONSIDERATION.  There must not
have been made or threatened by any Person any claim  asserting that such Person
(a) is the  holder  of, or has the  right to  acquire  or to  obtain  beneficial
ownership  of the  Shares or any  other  stock,  voting,  equity,  or  ownership
interest  in,  the  Company,  or (b) is  entitled  to all or any  portion of the
Acquiror Company Shares.

                                   SECTION IX
                       CONDITIONS PRECEDENT OF THE COMPANY
                              AND THE SHAREHOLDERS

     The Shareholders'  obligation to transfer the Shares and the obligations of
the  Company to take the other  actions  required  to be taken by the Company in
advance of or at the Closing Date are subject to the  satisfaction,  at or prior
to the Closing Date, of each of the  following  conditions  (any of which may be
waived by the Company and the  Shareholders  jointly,  in whole or in part):

     9.1 PROVISION OF FUNDING.

          9.1.1 BRIDGE FINANCING. The Company or PT MubaStar International will
arrange for up to  $350,000,000  bridge or  construction  financing prior to the
Closing Date, being 70% of the estimated construction cost.

          9.1.2 PRIVATE PLACEMENT FINANCING. The Company shall arrange a private
placement financing  sufficient to complete the Venture, or up to US$150,000,000
in addition to the financing  referred to in 9.1.1 above. The private  placement
shall close on the  Closing  Date and may be subject to the  completion  of this
Agreement.

     9.2 ACCURACY OF REPRESENTATIONS.  The representations and warranties of the
Acquiror Company and Acquiror  Company  Shareholders set forth in this Agreement
or in any Schedule or certificate delivered pursuant hereto that are not


                                       26


<PAGE>


qualified as to materiality  shall be true and correct in all material  respects
as of the  date of this  Agreement  except  to the  extent a  representation  or
warranty is expressly  limited by its terms to another  date and without  giving
effect to any supplemental  Schedule.  The representations and warranties of the
Acquiror Company and Acquiror  Company  Shareholders set forth in this Agreement
or in any Schedule or certificate  delivered  pursuant hereto that are qualified
as to  materiality  shall be true and correct in all  respects as of the date of
this Agreement,  except to the extent a representation  or warranty is expressly
limited  by  its  terms  to  another  date  and  without  giving  effect  to any
supplemental Schedule.

     9.3 PERFORMANCE BY THE ACQUIROR COMPANY.

          9.3.1 All of the covenants and obligations  that the Acquiror  Company
and  Acquiror  Company  Shareholders  are  required to perform or to comply with
pursuant  to  this  Agreement  (considered  collectively),  and  each  of  these
covenants and obligations  (considered  individually),  must have been performed
and complied with in all respects.

          9.3.2 Each document  required to be delivered by the Acquiror  Company
and Acquiror  Company  Shareholders  pursuant to this  Agreement  must have been
delivered.

     9.4 NO FORCE  MAJEURE  EVENT.  There shall not have been any delay,  error,
failure or interruption in the conduct of the business of the Acquiror  Company,
or any loss, injury, delay, damage,  distress,  or other casualty,  due to force
majeure including but not limited to (a) acts of God; (b) fire or explosion; (c)
war, acts of terrorism or other civil unrest; or (d) national emergency.

     9.5 CERTIFICATE OF OFFICER. The Acquiror Company will have delivered to the
Company a  certificate,  dated the Closing  Date,  executed by an officer of the
Acquiror  Company,  certifying the  satisfaction of the conditions  specified in
Sections 9.2, 9.3, and 9.4.

     9.6  CERTIFICATE OF ACQUIROR  COMPANY  SHAREHOLDERS.  The Acquiror  Company
Shareholders will have delivered to the Company a certificate, dated the Closing
Date, executed by such Acquiror Company  Shareholder,  if a natural person or an
authorized officer of the Acquiror Company Shareholder, if an entity, certifying
the satisfaction of the conditions specified in Sections 9.2 and 9.3.

     9.7 CONSENTS.

          9.7.1 All material  consents,  waivers,  approvals,  authorizations or
orders  required to be  obtained,  and all filings  required to be made,  by the
Acquiror Company for the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement
and the consummation by it of the  transactions  contemplated by this Agreement,
shall have been  obtained  and made by the  Acquiror  Company,  except where the
failure to receive such consents, waivers,  approvals,  authorizations or orders
or to make such filings would not have a Material  Adverse Effect on the Company
or the Acquiror Company.

          9.7.2 Without limiting the foregoing,  the Schedule 14(f) Filing shall
have been mailed to the  stockholders of the Acquiror  Company not less than ten
(10) days prior to the Closing  Date.  No  Proceeding  occasioned by the Section
14(f) Filing shall have been  initiated or threatened by the  Commission  (which
Proceeding remains unresolved as of the Closing Date).


                                       27


<PAGE>


     9.8  DOCUMENTS.  The  Acquiror  Company  must  have  caused  the  following
documents to be delivered to the Company and/or the Shareholders:

          9.8.1 share certificates  evidencing each Shareholder's pro rata share
of the Closing Acquiror Company Shares (as set forth in Exhibit B);

          9.8.2 a  Secretary's  Certificate,  dated the Closing Date  certifying
attached copies of (A) the Organizational Documents of the Acquiror Company, (B)
the  resolutions of the Acquiror  Company Board approving this Agreement and the
transactions  contemplated  hereby;  and (C) the  incumbency of each  authorized
officer of the Acquiror  Company  signing this Agreement and any other agreement
or instrument contemplated hereby to which the Acquiror Company is a party;

          9.8.3 a Certificate of Good Standing of the Acquiror Company;

          9.8.4 each of the Transaction  Documents to which the Acquiror Company
is a party, duly executed; and

          9.8.5 such other  documents as the Company may reasonably  request for
the purpose of (i) evidencing the accuracy of any  representation or warranty of
the Acquiror Company pursuant to Section 9.1, (ii) evidencing the performance by
the Acquiror  Company of, or the  compliance by the Acquiror  Company with,  any
covenant or obligation required to be performed or complied with by the Acquiror
Company,  (iii) evidencing the satisfaction of any condition referred to in this
Section  10,  or (iv)  otherwise  facilitating  the  consummation  of any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

     9.9 NO PROCEEDINGS.  Since the date of this Agreement,  there must not have
been commenced or threatened  against the Acquiror  Company,  the Company or any
Shareholder,  or against any Affiliate thereof, any Proceeding (which Proceeding
remains unresolved as of the date of this Agreement) (a) involving any challenge
to,  or  seeking  damages  or  other  relief  in  connection  with,  any  of the
transactions contemplated hereby, or (b) that may have the effect of preventing,
delaying,  making illegal, or otherwise interfering with any of the transactions
contemplated hereby.

     9.10 NO CLAIM REGARDING STOCK  OWNERSHIP OR  CONSIDERATION.  There must not
have been made or threatened by any Person any claim  asserting that such Person
is the holder of, or has the right to acquire or to obtain beneficial  ownership
of the Acquiror  Company  Common Stock or any other stock,  voting,  equity,  or
ownership interest in, the Acquiror Company.

                                    SECTION X
                            INDEMNIFICATION; REMEDIES

     10.1 SURVIVAL. All representations,  warranties, covenants, and obligations
in this Agreement  shall expire on the first (1st)  anniversary of the date this
Agreement is executed (the  "Survival  Period").  The right to  indemnification,


                                       28


<PAGE>


payment of Damages or other  remedy based on such  representations,  warranties,
covenants,  and obligations will not be affected by any investigation  conducted
with respect to, or any knowledge acquired (or capable of being acquired) at any
time, whether before or after the execution and delivery of this Agreement, with
respect  to  the  accuracy  or  inaccuracy  of  or  compliance  with,  any  such
representation,  warranty,  covenant, or obligation. The waiver of any condition
based on the accuracy of any  representation or warranty,  or on the performance
of or compliance  with any covenant or obligation,  will not affect the right to
indemnification,   payment  of   Damages,   or  other   remedy   based  on  such
representations, warranties, covenants, and obligations.

     10.2 INDEMNIFICATION BY THE ACQUIROR COMPANY  SHAREHOLDERS.  From and after
the execution of this  Agreement  until the  expiration of the Survival  Period,
each of ____________,  ________ and ________ (together,  the "Principal Acquiror
Company  Shareholders")  shall indemnify and hold harmless the Acquiror Company,
Company and the Shareholders (collectively,  the "Company Indemnified Parties"),
from and  against  any  Damages  arising,  directly  or  indirectly,  from or in
connection with:

          (a) any breach of any  representation or warranty made by the Acquiror
     Company or the Acquiror  Company  Shareholders  in this Agreement or in any
     certificate delivered by the Acquiror Company pursuant to this Agreement;

          (b)  any  breach  by the  Acquiror  Company  or the  Acquiror  Company
     Shareholders of any covenant or obligation of the Acquiror  Company in this
     Agreement  required to be performed by the Acquiror Company or the Acquiror
     Company Shareholders on or prior to the Closing Date; or

          (c) any and all losses,  claims,  damages,  or liabilities against the
     Acquiror  Company or the  Acquiror  Company  Shareholders,  occurring on or
     prior to the Closing Date.

     10.3 LIMITATIONS ON AMOUNT - THE ACQUIROR COMPANY.  No Company  Indemnified
Party shall be entitled to indemnification  pursuant to Section 10.3, unless and
until the aggregate  amount of Damages to all Company  Indemnified  Parties with
respect to such matters  under  Section 10.4 exceeds US $20,000,  at which time,
the Company  Indemnified  Parties shall be entitled to  indemnification  for the
total amount of such Damages in excess of US $20,000.

     10.4 DETERMINING DAMAGES. Materiality qualifications to the representations
and  warranties of the Company and the Acquiror  Company shall not be taken into
account in determining the amount of Damages  occasioned by a breach of any such
representation and warranty for purposes of determining  whether the baskets set
forth in Section 10.3 has been met.

                                   SECTION XI
                               GENERAL PROVISIONS

     11.1 EXPENSES.  Except as otherwise  expressly  provided in this Agreement,
each party to this  Agreement  will bear its  respective  expenses  incurred  in
connection with the  preparation,  execution,  and performance of this Agreement
and the  transactions  contemplated  by this  Agreement,  including all fees and



                                       29


<PAGE>


expenses of agents,  representatives,  counsel, and accountants. In the event of
termination  of this  Agreement,  the  obligation  of each  party to pay its own
expenses  will be subject to any rights of such party  arising  from a breach of
this Agreement by another party.

     11.2 PUBLIC  ANNOUNCEMENTS.  The Acquiror  Company shall  promptly,  but no
later than three (3) days following the effective date of this Agreement,  issue
a press release disclosing the transactions  contemplated  hereby.  Prior to the
Closing Date, the Company and the Acquiror Company shall consult with each other
in issuing any other press  releases or otherwise  making  public  statements or
filings and other communications with the Commission or any regulatory agency or
stock market or trading facility with respect to the  transactions  contemplated
hereby and neither  party shall issue any such press  release or otherwise  make
any such public  statement,  filings or other  communications  without the prior
written consent of the other,  which consent shall not be unreasonably  withheld
or delayed, except that no prior consent shall be required if such disclosure is
required by law,  in which case the  disclosing  party  shall  provide the other
party with prior notice of such public statement,  filing or other communication
and shall incorporate into such public statement,  filing or other communication
the reasonable comments of the other party.

     11.3 CONFIDENTIALITY.

          11.3.1 Subsequent to the date of this Agreement, the Acquiror Company,
the Acquiror Company Shareholders the Shareholders and the Company will maintain
in confidence, and will cause their respective directors,  officers,  employees,
agents,  and advisors to maintain in  confidence,  any written,  oral,  or other
information  obtained in confidence  from another party in connection  with this
Agreement or the  transactions  contemplated by this Agreement,  unless (a) such
information  is already  known to such party or to others not bound by a duty of
confidentiality or such information  becomes publicly available through no fault
of such party,  (b) the use of such  information  is necessary or appropriate in
making any required  filing with the  Commission,  or  obtaining  any consent or
approval required for the consummation of the transactions  contemplated by this
Agreement,  or (c) the  furnishing or use of such  information is required by or
necessary or appropriate in connection with legal proceedings.

          11.3.2  In the  event  that any  party is  required  to  disclose  any
information  of another party  pursuant to clause (b) or (c) of Section  11.3.1,
the party requested or required to make the disclosure (the "disclosing  party")
shall provide the party that provided such information  (the "providing  party")
with prompt notice of any such  requirement so that the providing party may seek
a protective order or other appropriate  remedy and/or waive compliance with the
provisions  of this Section  11.3.  If, in the absence of a protective  order or
other remedy or the receipt of a waiver by the providing  party,  the disclosing
party is nonetheless,  in the opinion of counsel,  legally compelled to disclose
the  information  of the providing  party,  the  disclosing  party may,  without
liability  hereunder,  disclose  only  that  portion  of the  providing  party's
information  which such  counsel  advises is legally  required to be  disclosed,
provided that the disclosing party exercises its reasonable  efforts to preserve
the  confidentiality of the providing party's  information,  including,  without
limitation,  by  cooperating  with the providing  party to obtain an appropriate
protective order or other relief assurance that  confidential  treatment will be
accorded the providing party's information.


                                       30


<PAGE>


          11.3.3 If the  transactions  contemplated  by this  Agreement  are not
consummated,  each  party  will  return  or  destroy  as much  of  such  written
information as the other party may reasonably request.

     11.4 NOTICES.  All notices,  consents,  waivers,  and other  communications
under this  Agreement  must be in  writing  and will be deemed to have been duly
given when (a) delivered by hand (with  written  confirmation  of receipt),  (b)
sent by telecopier (with written confirmation of receipt),  or (c) when received
by the addressee,  if sent by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service
(receipt  requested),  in each case to the appropriate  addresses and telecopier
numbers set forth below (or to such other addresses and telecopier  numbers as a
party may designate by written notice to the other parties):

If to WorldStar Energy Corp.:              with a copy to
c/o WorldStar Energy Corp.





Attention:  _____________, President       Attention:
Telephone No.:                             Telephone No.:
Facsimile No.:                             Facsimile No.:

                                           with an additional copy:
                                           1880 Century Park East, Suite 300
                                           Los Angeles, California 90067

                                           Attention:  Ronald J. Stauber
                                           Telephone No.:  310-556-0080
                                           Facsimile No.:  310-556-3687

If to ________________:
                                           with a copy to


                                       31


<PAGE>


     11.5 ARBITRATION.  Any dispute or controversy under this Agreement shall be
settled  exclusively  by  arbitration  in the  City  of  Las  Vegas,  Nevada  in
accordance  with  the  rules of the  American  Arbitration  Association  then in
effect.  Judgment  may be entered on the  arbitration  award in any court having
jurisdiction.

     11.6 FURTHER  ASSURANCES.  The parties agree (a) to furnish upon request to
each other such  further  information,  (b) to execute and deliver to each other
such other documents, and (c) to do such other acts and things, all as the other
party may reasonably  request for the purpose of carrying out the intent of this
Agreement and the documents referred to in this Agreement.

     11.7 WAIVER.  The rights and remedies of the parties to this  Agreement are
cumulative and not  alternative.  Neither the failure nor any delay by any party
in  exercising  any right,  power,  or  privilege  under this  Agreement  or the
documents  referred to in this Agreement will operate as a waiver of such right,
power, or privilege, and no single or partial exercise of any such right, power,
or privilege will preclude any other or further  exercise of such right,  power,
or privilege or the exercise of any other right,  power,  or  privilege.  To the
maximum extent permitted by applicable law, (a) no claim or right arising out of
this Agreement or the documents  referred to in this Agreement can be discharged
by one party,  in whole or in part, by a waiver or  renunciation of the claim or
right  unless in writing  signed by the other  party;  (b) no waiver that may be
given by a party will be applicable except in the specific instance for which it
is given;  and (c) no  notice  to or demand on one party  will be deemed to be a
waiver of any  obligation of such party or of the right of the party giving such
notice or demand to take further  action without notice or demand as provided in
this Agreement or the documents referred to in this Agreement.

     11.8 ENTIRE AGREEMENT AND MODIFICATION. This Agreement supersedes all prior
agreements   between  the  parties  with  respect  to  its  subject  matter  and
constitutes  (along with the documents referred to in this Agreement) a complete
and exclusive  statement of the terms of the agreement  between the parties with
respect to its subject  matter.  This  Agreement may not be amended  except by a
written  agreement  executed by the party against whom the  enforcement  of such
amendment is sought.

     11.9  ASSIGNMENTS,  SUCCESSORS,  AND NO  THIRD-PARTY  RIGHTS.  No party may
assign any of its rights under this  Agreement  without the prior consent of the
other parties.  Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement will apply to,
be binding in all respects  upon, and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable
by the respective successors and permitted assigns of the parties. Except as set
forth in Section 7.1 and Section 10.3,  nothing expressed or referred to in this
Agreement  will be  construed  to give any Person other than the parties to this
Agreement any legal or equitable right,  remedy,  or claim under or with respect
to this Agreement or any provision of this Agreement.  This Agreement and all of
its  provisions  and  conditions  are for the sole and exclusive  benefit of the
parties to this Agreement and their successors and assigns.

     11.10  SEVERABILITY.  If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or
unenforceable  by any court of competent  jurisdiction,  the other provisions of
this  Agreement  will remain in full force and  effect.  Any  provision  of this
Agreement  held invalid or  unenforceable  only in part or degree will remain in
full force and effect to the extent not held invalid or unenforceable.


                                       32


<PAGE>


     11.11  SECTION  HEADINGS,  CONSTRUCTION.  The  headings of Sections in this
Agreement are provided for convenience only and will not affect its construction
or  interpretation.  All  references  to  "Section" or  "Sections"  refer to the
corresponding  Section or  Sections  of this  Agreement.  All words used in this
Agreement will be construed to be of such gender or number as the  circumstances
require.  Unless  otherwise  expressly  provided,  the word "including" does not
limit the preceding words or terms.

     11.12  GOVERNING  LAW. This  Agreement  will be governed by the laws of the
State of Nevada without regard to conflicts of laws principles.

     11.13  COUNTERPARTS.  This  Agreement  may  be  executed  in  one  or  more
counterparts,  each of  which  will be  deemed  to be an  original  copy of this
Agreement and all of which,  when taken  together,  will be deemed to constitute
one and the same agreement.









                                       33


<PAGE>


                           COUNTERPART SIGNATURE PAGE


         IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the parties have executed and delivered this Share
Exchange Agreement as of the date first written above.


ACQUIROR COMPANY:                          THE COMPANY:

AUTEO MEDIA, INC.                          WORLDSTAR ENERGY CORP.

Signed:                                    Signed:
       __________________________                 ______________________

Printed name:  Michael W. Kinley           Printed name:  Taj Mohamed

Title: __________________________          Title:


SHAREHOLDER:                                ACQUIROR COMPANY SHAREHOLDER:

_________________________________          Signed:

Signed:__________________________          Printed name:

Printed name:

                                           ACQUIROR COMPANY SHAREHOLDER:
SHAREHOLDER:
                                           Signed:

                                           Printed name:
Signed:

Printed name:

Title:


                                       34


<PAGE>


                           COUNTERPART SIGNATURE PAGE
                    (FOR ISSUANCES PURSUANT TO REGULATION S)


         IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the parties have executed and delivered this Share
Exchange Agreement as of the date first written above.

                                                ENTITY NAME:




                                                By:
                                                   _____________________________
                                                      Name:
                                                      Title:


OFFSHORE DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS:


PRINT EXACT NAME IN WHICH YOU WANT
THE SECURITIES TO BE REGISTERED

Attn:
                  ____________________________________________

Address:
                  ____________________________________________





Phone No.
                  ____________________________________________

Facsimile No.
                  ____________________________________________


                                       35


<PAGE>


                           COUNTERPART SIGNATURE PAGE

                    (FOR ISSUANCES PURSUANT TO SECTION 4(2))


         IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the parties have executed and delivered this Share
Exchange Agreement as of the date first written above.

                                               ENTITY NAME:




                                               By:
                                                  ______________________________
                                                     Name:
                                                     Title:

Circle the category  under which you are an  "accredited  investor"  pursuant to
Exhibit C:


1        2        3        4        5       6        7        8



PRINT EXACT NAME IN WHICH YOU WANT
THE SECURITIES TO BE REGISTERED

Attn:
                  ____________________________________________

Address:
                  ____________________________________________

                  ____________________________________________

                  ____________________________________________

Phone No.         ____________________________________________

Facsimile No.     ____________________________________________


                                       36


<PAGE>


                                    SCHEDULES


                  Schedule 5.1              Company Jurisdiction
                  Schedule 5.2              Company Subsidiaries
                  Schedule 5.7.1            Capitalization of the Company
                  Schedule 5.7.2            Company Redemption Requirements









                                       37


<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT A
                          ACQUIROR COMPANY SHAREHOLDERS


________________________________________________________________________________

 NAME AND ADDRESS OF ACQUIROR                         NUMBER OF SHARES HELD
     COMPANY SHAREHOLDER                               BY ACQUIROR COMPANY
                                                           SHAREHOLDER
________________________________________________________________________________

Michael W. Kinley


________________________________________________________________________________



________________________________________________________________________________



________________________________________________________________________________


                                       38


<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT B
               SHARES AND ACQUIROR COMPANY SHARES TO BE EXCHANGED


________________________________________________________________________________

NAME AND ADDRESS OF      NUMBER OF SHARES TO BE          NUMBER OF ACQUIROR
    SHAREHOLDER         DELIVERED BY SHAREHOLDER     COMPANY SHARES TO BE ISSUED
                                                           TO SHAREHOLDER
________________________________________________________________________________



________________________________________________________________________________



________________________________________________________________________________


________________________________________________________________________________



________________________________________________________________________________









                                       39


<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT C

                       DEFINITION OF "ACCREDITED INVESTOR"


The term "accredited investor" means:

(1)      A bank as defined  in  Section  3(a)(2)  of the  Securities  Act,  or a
         savings and loan association or other institution as defined in Section
         3(a)(5)(A) of the Securities  Act,  whether acting in its individual or
         fiduciary  capacity;  a broker or dealer registered pursuant to Section
         15 of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934;  an  insurance  company as
         defined in Section 2(13) of the Securities  Act; an investment  company
         registered  under the Investment  Company Act of 1940 (the  "Investment
         Company Act") or a business  development  company as defined in Section
         2(a)(48) of the  Investment  Company Act; a Small  Business  Investment
         Company  licensed  by the  U.S.  Small  Business  Administration  under
         Section 301(c) or (d) of the Small  Business  Investment Act of 1958; a
         plan established and maintained by a state, its political  subdivisions
         or  any  agency  or   instrumentality  of  a  state  or  its  political
         subdivisions  for the benefit of its employees,  if such plan has total
         assets in excess of US $5,000,000;  an employee benefit plan within the
         meaning  of  the  Employee  Retirement  Income  Security  Act  of  1974
         ("ERISA"),  if the investment decision is made by a plan fiduciary,  as
         defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA,  which is either a bank, savings and
         loan association,  insurance company, or registered investment advisor,
         or if the  employee  benefit  plan has  total  assets  in  excess of US
         $5,000,000 or, if a self-directed plan, with investment  decisions made
         solely by persons that are accredited investors.

(2)      A private business  development  company as defined in Section  202(a)
         (22) of the Investment  Advisers Act of 1940.

(3)      An organization  described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue
         Code,   corporation,   Massachusetts  or  similar  business  trust,  or
         partnership,  not formed for the  specific  purpose  of  acquiring  the
         securities offered, with total assets in excess of US $5,000,000.

(4)      A director or executive officer of the Acquiror Company.

(5)      A natural person whose  individual  net worth,  or joint net worth with
         that  person's  spouse,  at the time of his or her purchase  exceeds US
         $1,000,000.

(6)      A natural person who had an individual  income in excess of US $200,000
         in each of the two most recent years or joint income with that person's
         spouse  in  excess  of US  $300,000  in each of those  years  and has a
         reasonable expectation of reaching the same income level in the current
         year.


<PAGE>





(7)      A trust,  with total assets in excess of US $5,000,000,  not formed for
         the  specific  purpose  of  acquiring  the  securities  offered,  whose
         purchase is directed by a  sophisticated  person as  described  in Rule
         506(b)(2)(ii)  (i.e., a person who has such knowledge and experience in
         financial  and business  matters that he is capable of  evaluating  the
         merits and risks of the prospective investment).

(8)      An entity in which all of the equity owners are  accredited  investors.
         (If this  alternative is checked,  the  Shareholder  must identify each
         equity owner and provide  statements  signed by each  demonstrating how
         each is qualified as an accredited investor.)



<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT D

                           DEFINITION OF "U.S. PERSON"


(1)  "U.S. person" (as defined in Regulation S) means:

     (i)  Any natural person resident in the United States;

     (ii) Any  partnership or corporation  organized or  incorporated  under the
          laws of the United States;

     (iii) Any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. person;

     (iv) Any trust of which any  trustee  is a U.S.  person;

     (v)  Any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States;

     (vi) Any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate
          or  trust)  held by a dealer or other  fiduciary  for the  benefit  or
          account of a U.S. person;

     (vii)Any discretionary  account or similar account (other than an estate or
          trust) held by a dealer or other fiduciary organized, incorporated, or
          (if an individual) resident in the United States; and

     (viii) Any  partnership  or corporation  if: (A) organized or  incorporated
          under the laws of any foreign  jurisdiction;  and (B) formed by a U.S.
          person  principally  for the purpose of  investing in  securities  not
          registered  under  the  Securities  Act,  unless  it is  organized  or
          incorporated,  and owned, by accredited  investors (as defined in Rule
          501(a)) who are not natural persons, estates or trusts.

(2)  Notwithstanding  paragraph (1) above, any discretionary  account or similar
     account  (other than an estate or trust) held for the benefit or account of
     a non-U.S.  person by a dealer or other professional  fiduciary  organized,
     incorporated, or (if an individual) resident in the United States shall not
     be deemed a "U.S. person."

(3)  Notwithstanding  paragraph  (1),  any  estate  of  which  any  professional
     fiduciary acting as executor or administrator is a U.S. person shall not be
     deemed a U.S. person if:

     (i)  An executor or  administrator  of the estate who is not a U.S.  person
          has sole or shared investment discretion with respect to the assets of
          the estate; and

     (ii) The estate is governed by foreign law.

(4)  Notwithstanding   paragraph  (1),  any  trust  of  which  any  professional
     fiduciary  acting as  trustee is a U.S.  person  shall not be deemed a U.S.
     person if a trustee who is not a U.S. person has sole or shared  investment
     discretion  with respect to the trust  assets,  and no  beneficiary  of the
     trust (and no settlor if the trust is revocable) is a U.S. person.


<PAGE>


(5)  Notwithstanding  paragraph (1), an employee  benefit plan  established  and
     administered  in accordance with the law of a country other than the United
     States and customary  practices and documentation of such country shall not
     be deemed a U.S. person.

(6)  Notwithstanding  paragraph  (1),  any  agency or  branch  of a U.S.  person
     located outside the United States shall not be deemed a "U.S. person" if:

     (i)  The agency or branch operates for valid business reasons; and

     (ii) The  agency or branch is  engaged  in the  business  of  insurance  or
          banking and is subject to substantive insurance or banking regulation,
          respectively, in the jurisdiction where located.

(7)  The International  Monetary Fund, the International Bank for Reconstruction
     and Development, the Inter-American Development Bank, the Asian Development
     Bank, the African Development Bank, the United Nations, and their agencies,
     affiliates  and  pension  plans,   and  any  other  similar   international
     organizations,  their  agencies,  affiliates and pension plans shall not be
     deemed "U.S. persons."


<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT E

                       ACCREDITED INVESTOR REPRESENTATIONS


Each Shareholder indicating that it is an Accredited Investor, severally and not
jointly, further represents and warrants to the Acquiror Company as follows:

1.   Such Shareholder qualifies as an Accredited Investor on the basis set forth
     on its signature page to this Agreement.

2.   Such  Shareholder  has  sufficient  knowledge  and  experience  in finance,
     securities,  investments  and other business  matters to be able to protect
     such   Shareholder's   interests  in  connection   with  the   transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement.

3.   Such Shareholder has consulted, to the extent that it has deemed necessary,
     with its tax,  legal,  accounting  and financial  advisors  concerning  its
     investment in the Acquiror Company Shares.

4.   Such  Shareholder  understands  the various  risks of an  investment in the
     Acquiror Company Shares and can afford to bear such risks for an indefinite
     period of time,  including,  without  limitation,  the risk of  losing  its
     entire investment in the Acquiror Company Shares.

5.   Such  Shareholder has had access to the Acquiror  Company's  publicly filed
     reports with the SEC.

6.   Such  Shareholder has been furnished  during the course of the transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement with all other public information  regarding
     the  Acquiror  Company that such  Shareholder  has  requested  and all such
     public information is sufficient for such Shareholder to evaluate the risks
     of investing in the Acquiror Company Shares.

7.   Such  Shareholder has been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of and
     receive  answers   concerning  the  Acquiror  Company  and  the  terms  and
     conditions of the issuance of the Acquiror Company Shares.

8.   Such  Shareholder  is not  relying on any  representations  and  warranties
     concerning  the  Acquiror  Company  made  by the  Acquiror  Company  or any
     officer,  employee  or agent of the  Acquiror  Company,  other  than  those
     contained in this Agreement.

9.   Such  Shareholder  is  acquiring  the  Acquiror  Company  Shares  for  such
     Shareholder's  own account,  for  investment  and not for  distribution  or
     resale to others.

10.  Such Shareholder  will not sell or otherwise  transfer the Acquiror Company
     Shares,  unless  either (a) the transfer of such  securities  is registered
     under the  Securities  Act or (b) an exemption  from  registration  of such
     securities is available.


<PAGE>


11.  Such Shareholder  understands and acknowledges that the Acquiror Company is
     under no obligation to register the Acquiror  Company Shares for sale under
     the Securities Act.

12.  Such  Shareholder  consents to the placement of a legend on any certificate
     or other document  evidencing the Acquiror Company Shares  substantially in
     the form set forth in Section 4.2.5(a).

13.  Such Shareholder  represents that the address furnished by such Shareholder
     on  its  signature  page  to  this  Agreement  and  in  Exhibit  A is  such
     Shareholder's  principal  residence if he is an individual or its principal
     business address if it is a corporation or other entity.

14.  Such  Shareholder  understands and  acknowledges  that the Acquiror Company
     Shares  have not  been  recommended  by any  federal  or  state  securities
     commission or regulatory authority, that the foregoing authorities have not
     confirmed  the  accuracy or  determined  the  adequacy  of any  information
     concerning the Acquiror  Company that has been supplied to such Shareholder
     and that any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

15.  Such  Shareholder  acknowledges  that the  representations,  warranties and
     agreements made by such Shareholder  herein shall survive the execution and
     delivery of this Agreement and the purchase of the Acquiror Company Shares.


<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT F

                         NON U.S. PERSON REPRESENTATIONS


Each  Shareholder  indicating  that it is not a U.S.  person,  severally and not
jointly, further represents and warrants to the Acquiror Company as follows:

1.   At the time of (a) the offer by the Acquiror Company and (b) the acceptance
     of the offer by such  Shareholder,  of the Acquiror  Company  Shares,  such
     Shareholder was outside the United States.

2.   No offer to acquire the Acquiror Company Shares or otherwise to participate
     in the  transactions  contemplated  by  this  Agreement  was  made  to such
     Shareholder or its representatives inside the United States.

3.   Such  Shareholder  is not  purchasing  the Acquiror  Company Shares for the
     account or benefit of any U.S. person, or with a view towards  distribution
     to any U.S. person,  in violation of the  registration  requirements of the
     Securities Act.

4.   Such Shareholder will make all subsequent  offers and sales of the Acquiror
     Company  Shares either (x) outside of the United States in compliance  with
     Regulation S; (y) pursuant to a registration  under the Securities  Act; or
     (z)  pursuant  to  an  available  exemption  from  registration  under  the
     Securities Act. Specifically, such Shareholder will not resell the Acquiror
     Company Shares to any U.S.  person or within the United States prior to the
     expiration  of a period  commencing  on the Closing  Date and ending on the
     date that is one year thereafter (the  "Distribution  Compliance  Period"),
     except  pursuant to  registration  under the Securities Act or an exemption
     from registration under the Securities Act.

5.   Such  Shareholder  is  acquiring  the  Acquiror  Company  Shares  for  such
     Shareholder's  own account,  for  investment  and not for  distribution  or
     resale to others.

6.   Such  Shareholder  has no present  plan or  intention  to sell the Acquiror
     Company  Shares  in  the  United  States  or  to  a  U.S.   person  at  any
     predetermined  time,  has made no  predetermined  arrangements  to sell the
     Acquiror  Company  Shares  and is  not  acting  as a  Distributor  of  such
     securities.

7.   Neither such  Shareholder,  its  Affiliates  nor any Person  acting on such
     Shareholder's behalf, has entered into, has the intention of entering into,
     or will  enter  into  any put  option,  short  position  or  other  similar
     instrument  or position in the U.S.  with respect to the  Acquiror  Company
     Shares  at any  time  after  the  Closing  Date  through  the  Distribution
     Compliance Period except in compliance with the Securities Act.

8.   Such  Shareholder  consents to the placement of a legend on any certificate
     or other document  evidencing the Acquiror Company Shares  substantially in
     the form set forth in Section 4.2.5(b).


<PAGE>


9.   Such  Shareholder  is  not  acquiring  the  Acquiror  Company  Shares  in a
     transaction (or an element of a series of transactions) that is part of any
     plan or scheme to evade the registration provisions of the Securities Act.

10.  Such  Shareholder  has  sufficient  knowledge  and  experience  in finance,
     securities,  investments  and other business  matters to be able to protect
     such   Shareholder's   interests  in  connection   with  the   transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement.

11.  Such Shareholder has consulted, to the extent that it has deemed necessary,
     with its tax,  legal,  accounting  and financial  advisors  concerning  its
     investment in the Acquiror Company Shares.

12.  Such  Shareholder  understands  the various  risks of an  investment in the
     Acquiror Company Shares and can afford to bear such risks for an indefinite
     period of time,  including,  without  limitation,  the risk of  losing  its
     entire investment in the Acquiror Company Shares.

13.  Such  Shareholder has had access to the Acquiror  Company's  publicly filed
     reports with the SEC. 14. Such  Shareholder  has been furnished  during the
     course of the  transactions  contemplated  by this Agreement with all other
     public information regarding the Acquiror Company that such Shareholder has
     requested  and  all  such  public   information   is  sufficient  for  such
     Shareholder  to evaluate the risks of  investing  in the  Acquiror  Company
     Shares.

15.  Such  Shareholder has been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of and
     receive  answers   concerning  the  Acquiror  Company  and  the  terms  and
     conditions of the issuance of the Acquiror Company Shares.

16.  Such  Shareholder  is not  relying on any  representations  and  warranties
     concerning  the  Acquiror  Company  made  by the  Acquiror  Company  or any
     officer,  employee  or agent of the  Acquiror  Company,  other  than  those
     contained in this Agreement.

17.  Such Shareholder  will not sell or otherwise  transfer the Acquiror Company
     Shares,  unless  either (A) the transfer of such  securities  is registered
     under the  Securities  Act or (B) an exemption  from  registration  of such
     securities is available.

18.  Such Shareholder  understands and acknowledges that the Acquiror Company is
     under no obligation to register the Acquiror  Company Shares for sale under
     the Securities Act.

19.  Such Shareholder  represents that the address furnished by such Shareholder
     on  its  signature  page  to  this  Agreement  and  in  Exhibit  A is  such
     Shareholder's  principal  residence if he is an individual or its principal
     business address if it is a corporation or other entity.

20.  Such  Shareholder  understands and  acknowledges  that the Acquiror Company
     Shares  have not  been  recommended  by any  federal  or  state  securities
     commission or regulatory authority, that the foregoing authorities have not
     confirmed  the  accuracy or  determined  the  adequacy  of any  information
     concerning the Acquiror  Company that has been supplied to such Shareholder
     and that any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

21.  Such  Shareholder  acknowledges  that the  representations,  warranties and
     agreements made by such Shareholder  herein shall survive the execution and
     delivery of this Agreement and the purchase of the Acquiror Company Shares.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
