NT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION AND
MERGER      Exhibit 2.1   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION AND
MERGER  AMONG HEALTHCENTRAL.COM, HCC ACQUISITION CORP.  AND VITAMINS.COM,
INC.   This Agreement and Plan of Reorganization and Merger ("Agreement") is
made as of March 15, 2000 among HealthCentral.com, a Delaware corporation
("HCC"), HCC Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned
subsidiary of HCC ("Acquisition Corp."), and Vitamins.com, Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("VCI").   RECITAL:   The parties hereto desire that
Acquisition Corp. be merged with and into VCI; that VCI be the surviving
corporation and become a wholly-owned subsidiary of HCC; and that the shares
of capital stock of VCI outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
of the merger, other than those shares subject to a demand for appraisal
pursuant to Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DCL"),
be converted as set forth in this Agreement into shares of common stock of
HCC ("HCC common stock").   NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises
and the mutual agreements set forth herein, the parties agree as follows:  
ARTICLE I   DEFINITIONS   The terms defined in this Article I shall, for
purposes of this Agreement, have the meanings specified in this Article I
unless the context requires otherwise:   1.1 Acquisition Proposal.
"Acquisition Proposal" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.4(a) of
this Agreement.   1.2 Affiliate Agreement. "Affiliate Agreement" shall mean
the Affiliate Agreement in the form of Exhibit F attached to this
Agreement.   1.3 Affiliates. "Affiliates" of any party to the Agreement
shall be persons that directly or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries, control, or are controlled by, or are under common control
with, such party.   1.4 Cause. "Cause" shall mean for purposes of Section
2.10, (i) intentional failure to perform duties as a director of HCC after
written notice thereof from HCC to the director and the failure to cure
within thirty (30) days of receipt of such notice; (ii) intentional
misrepresentation or the commission of an act of fraud in the performance of
duties as a director of HCC; (iii) breach of fiduciary duty involving
personal profit including, without limitation, embezzlement,
misrepresentation or conversion of assets or opportunities of HCC; (iv)
willful violation of any law, rule or regulation (other than traffic
violations or similar offenses) in connection with the performance of duties
as a director; or (v) a director, together with his or her Affiliates, owns
less than fifty percent (50%) of the total number of shares of HCC Common
Stock owned by them immediately following consummation of the Merger and the
related transactions contemplated under this Agreement.   1.5 Certificates.
"Certificates" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.6(c) of this
Agreement.   1.6 Closing. "Closing" shall mean the delivery by the parties
hereto of the various documents contemplated by this Agreement or otherwise
required in order to consummate the Merger.       1.7 Closing Date.
"Closing Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2 of this
Agreement.   1.8 Code. "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended.   1.9 Dissenting VCI Shares. "Dissenting VCI Shares" shall mean
all shares, if any, of the outstanding capital stock of VCI for which
appraisal rights shall be perfected under Section 262 of the DCL.   1.10
Effective Time. "Effective Time" shall mean the time when the Merger becomes
effective under the DCL.   1.11 Effectiveness Period. "Effectiveness Period"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.14(a) of this Agreement.  
1.12 Escrow Agreement. "Escrow Agreement" shall mean the Agreement
relating to an escrow of certain shares of HCC common stock pursuant to
Section 2.4 of this Agreement, in the form attached to this Agreement as
Exhibit C.   1.13 Escrow Fund. "Escrow Fund" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 2.4 of this Agreement.   1.14 Escrow Holder. "Escrow
Holder" shall mean U.S. Bank Trust National Association.   1.15 Exchange
Act. "Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended.   1.16 Exchange Agent. "Exchange Agent" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 2.6(a) of this Agreement.   1.17 Exchange Ratio. "Exchange
Ratio" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3 of this Agreement.  
1.18 GAAP. "GAAP" shall mean United States generally accepted
accounting principles.   1.19 Governmental Entity. "Governmental Entity"
means any government, municipality or political subdivision thereof, whether
federal, state, local or foreign, or any governmental or quasi-governmental
agency, authority, board, bureau, commission, department, instrumentality or
public body, or any court, arbitrator, administrative tribunal or public
utility.   1.20 Hazardous Material. "Hazardous Material" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 3.18(a) of this Agreement.   1.21 Hazardous
Materials Activities. "Hazardous Materials Activities" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 3.18(b) of this Agreement.   1.22 HCC Disclosure
Schedule. "HCC Disclosure Schedule" shall have the meaning set forth in
Article IV of this Agreement.   1.23 HCC Employee Benefit Plans. "HCC
Employee Benefit Plans" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.13 of
this Agreement.   1.24 HCC ERISA Affiliate. "HCC ERISA Affiliate" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 4.13(a) of this Agreement.   1.25 HCC
Parties. "HCC Parties" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.2(a) of
this Agreement.   1.26 HCC SEC Reports "HCC SEC Reports" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 4.5(a) of this Agreement.     1.27 Holders.
"Holders" shall mean the holders of VCI capital stock immediately prior to
the Effective Time.   1.28 HSR Act. "HSR Act" means The Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended.   1.29 Indemnified Party.
"Indemnified Party" shall mean the HCC Parties or the VCI Parties, as the
case may be, who or which are asserting a claim for indemnification under
Section 9.2 or 9.3 hereof.   1.30 Indemnifying Party. "Indemnifying Party"
shall mean the HCC Parties or the VCI Parties, as the case may be, against
whom or which an indemnification claim has been asserted under Section 9.2 or
9.3 hereof.   1.31 Intellectual Property. "Intellectual Property" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 3.11(a) of the Agreement.   1.32 Loss or
Losses. "Loss" or "Losses" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.2(a)
of this Agreement.   1.33 Material Adverse Effect. "Material Adverse Effect"
means, with respect to a party, a material adverse change in the assets,
liabilities, business, financial condition or the results of operations of
such party and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. The parties acknowledge
and agree that (i) VCI and HCC are both engaged in Internet-based start-up
enterprises that are in highly competitive and dynamic markets; (ii) because
of the volatility in these markets, VCI and HCC are each subject to a variety
of external factors that can impact their businesses in a very quick time
frame with potential significant effects on their assets, liabilities,
business, financial conditions and results of operations; and (iii)
accordingly, changes in the assets, liabilities, business, financial
conditions or results of operations of either VCI or HCC arising out of
external factors or economic conditions that affect the industry generally
shall not be a "Material Adverse Effect" for purposes of this Agreement.  
1.34 Merger. "Merger" shall mean the merger of Acquisition Corp. with
and into VCI.   1.35 Merger Agreement. "Merger Agreement" shall mean the
Agreement of Merger in the form attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A.  
1.36 Merger Shares. "Merger Shares" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 6.14(a) of this Agreement.   1.37 Most Recent VCI Balance Sheet.
"Most Recent VCI Balance Sheet" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
3.6 of this Agreement.   1.38 Most Recent HCC Balance Sheet. "Most Recent
HCC Balance Sheet" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.5(b) of this
Agreement.   1.39 1933 Act. "1933 Act" shall mean the Securities Act of
1933, as amended.   1.40 Numerator. "Numerator" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 2.3(a) of this Agreement.   1.41 Ordinary Course of
Business. "Ordinary Course of Business" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 3.7 of this Agreement.   1.42 Permits. "Permits" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 3.19 of this Agreement.   1.43 Proxy
Statement. "Proxy Statement" shall mean the proxy statement to be mailed to
the stockholders of HCC in connection with the Merger in order to obtain the
approval of the stockholders of HCC as required by the rules of the Nasdaq
National Market.     1.44 Registrable Securities. "Registrable Securities"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.14(b)(ii) of this
Agreement.   1.45 Registration Expenses. "Registration Expenses" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 6.14(c) of this Agreement.   1.46
Registration Statement. "Registration Statement" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 6.14(a) of this Agreement.   1.47 Rule 145 Affiliate. "Rule
145 Affiliate" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.8 of this
Agreement.   1.48 SEC. "SEC" shall mean the Securities and Exchange
Commission.   1.49 Security Interest. "Security Interest" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 3.10 of this Agreement.   1.50 Selling
Expenses. "Selling Expenses" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
6.14(c) of this Agreement.   1.51 Stockholder Representative. "Stockholder
Representative" shall mean the individual authorized by the stockholders of
VCI to act as the representative of the stockholders of VCI under this
Agreement and in connection with the transactions contemplated herein, and
any substitute representatives selected in accordance with the Written
Consent and Agreement.   1.52 Subsidiary. "Subsidiary" shall mean, with
respect to a particular party hereto, any corporation or other organization,
whether incorporated or unincorporated, of which at least a majority of the
securities or interests are directly or indirectly owned by such party or by
one or more Subsidiaries of such party.   1.53 Taxes. "Taxes" means all
taxes, charges, fees, levies or other similar assessments or liabilities,
including without limitation income, gross receipts, ad valorem, premium,
value-added, excise, real property, personal property, sales, use, transfer,
withholding, employment, payroll and franchise taxes imposed by the United
States of America or any state, local or foreign government, or any agency
thereof, or other political subdivision of the United States or any such
government, and any interest, fines, penalties, assessments or additions to
tax resulting from, attributable to or incurred in connection with any tax or
any contest or dispute thereof.   1.54 Tax Returns. "Tax Returns" means all
reports, returns, declarations, statements or other information required to
be supplied to a taxing authority in connection with Taxes.   1.55
Underwritten Offering. "Underwritten Offering" shall mean an offering of
Merger Shares pursuant to a Registration Statement that is effected in
the form of a registration statement pursuant to which the Merger Shares are
sold to an underwriter for reoffering to the public.   1.56 VCI Disclosure
Schedule. "VCI Disclosure Schedule" shall have the meaning set forth in
Article III of this Agreement.   1.57 VCI Employee Benefit Plans. "VCI
Employee Benefit Plans" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.17 of
this Agreement.   1.58 VCI ERISA Affiliate. "VCI ERISA Affiliate" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 3.17(a) of this Agreement.   1.59 VCI
Parties. "VCI Parties" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.3 of
this Agreement.      1.60 Voting Agreement. "Voting Agreement" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 2.9 of this Agreement.   1.61 Written
Consent and Agreement. "Written Consent and Agreement" shall mean the Written
Consent and Agreement in the form of Exhibit E attached hereto.   ARTICLE
II   MERGER, CLOSING AND CONVERSION OF SHARES   2.1 Merger. Subject to and
in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Merger
Agreement, HCC, Acquisition Corp. and VCI shall execute and file the Merger
Agreement with the Secretary of State of Delaware, and Acquisition Corp.
shall, pursuant to the terms thereof, be merged with and into VCI pursuant to
Section 251 of the DCL.   2.2 Closing. The Closing shall take place at the
offices of Howard, Rice, Nemerovski, Canady, Falk and Rabkin, at 10:00 a.m.,
within 5 business days following the date on which the Merger has been
approved by the stockholders of HCC or on such other day and time as shall be
agreed to by the parties (the "Closing Date").   2.3 Conversion of
Shares.   (a) In accordance with the Merger Agreement, (i) each share of 
Acquisition Corp. common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to 
the Effective Time shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on 
the part of the holder thereof, be converted at and as of the Effective  Time
into one share of common stock of VCI, and (ii) each share of capital  stock
of VCI issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time 
(except those shares which are Dissenting VCI Shares) shall, by virtue of 
the Merger and without any action on the part of the Holders, be converted 
at and as of the Effective Time into the right to receive that number of 
shares of HCC common stock, as illustrated on Exhibit B attached hereto, 
equal to the amount determined by dividing the (1) lesser of (A) 
$103,500,000 (less any adjustments required by Section 6.12 hereof) (the 
"Numerator") divided by the average closing price of HCC common stock on  the
Nasdaq National Market (or if not so listed, the average closing bid  price
on such other market in which such prices are regularly quoted) for  the ten
consecutive trading days immediately preceding the business day  prior to the
Closing Date as reported in The Wall Street Journal, and (B)  the number of
shares that is equal to the number of shares of HCC common  stock outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time less one share,  by (2) the total
number of shares of capital stock of VCI outstanding  immediately prior to
the Closing (including for this purpose any capital  stock of VCI issuable
under then outstanding options, warrants or other  convertible securities, in
each case whether or not vested or exercisable)  and carrying the quotient
thereof out to three decimal places (the  "Exchange Ratio"). The Holders
shall receive only whole shares of HCC  common stock (or if the provisions of
Section 2.3(b)(ii) are applicable,  the surviving corporation\'s or acquiring
corporation\'s capital stock) and,  in lieu of any fractional share of HCC
common stock, Holders shall receive  in cash the fair market value of such
fractional share (rounded up or down  to the nearest whole number, with a
fractional interest equal to .5 rounded  to the next whole number), valuing
HCC common stock (or if the provisions  of Section 2.3(b)(ii) are applicable,
the surviving corporation\'s or  acquiring corporation\'s capital stock) at
the closing price for such stock  on the Nasdaq National Market on the
trading day immediately preceding the  Closing Date.   (b) If on or before
the Effective Time (i) the issued and outstanding  shares of HCC common stock
are changed into a different number of shares by  reason of any
recapitalization, stock split or stock dividend, then the  number of shares
of HCC common stock received by the Holders pursuant to  Section 2.3(a) above
(the "Conversion Stock") shall be adjusted to that  number and class of
shares of common stock of HCC, that would have been  issued to the Holders if
the Conversion Stock had been     issued to the Holders immediately prior
to such recapitalization, stock  split or stock dividend; or (ii) there shall
be a merger, share exchange or  consolidation of HCC with or into another
corporation or entity, as part of  such merger, share exchange or
consolidation, then the Conversion Stock  shall be adjusted to that number
and class of shares of stock of the  surviving corporation resulting from
such merger or consolidation or the  acquiring corporation in such share
exchange, that would have been issued  to the Holders if the Conversion Stock
had been issued to the Holders  immediately prior to such merger, share
exchange or consolidation. For  purposes of this Section 2.3(b), (i) the
determination of the adjustment to  the number and class of shares shall be
based on the formula set forth in  Section 2.3(a)(ii), assuming that the
Effective Time is the day immediately  prior to the subject recapitalization,
stock split, stock dividend, merger,  share exchange or consolidation and
(ii) in the event of a merger, share  exchange or consolidation of HCC prior
to the Effective Time, the shares of  VCI common stock being converted under
Section 2.3(a) shall be converted  into shares of the surviving
corporation\'s or the acquiring corporation\'s  capital stock.   2.4
Escrow. In order to provide indemnification in accordance with Article IX of
this Agreement and with the Escrow Agreement, at the Effective Time or
as soon thereafter as possible, stock certificates representing in the
aggregate 10% of the shares of HCC common stock (rounded to the nearest whole
share) into which the Holders\' shares of capital stock of VCI were converted
pursuant to Section 2.3 of this Agreement (the "Escrow Fund") shall be
delivered to the Escrow Holder (which shares shall be withheld from each
Holder ratably based on the number of shares of capital stock of VCI held by
such Holder immediately prior to the Effective Time). The Stockholder
Representative is authorized to act hereunder and under the Escrow Agreement
with the powers and authority provided for herein and therein, as the
representative of the Holders and their successors. Approval of this
Agreement and the Merger by the Holders shall constitute approval of the
terms and conditions of the Escrow Agreement and ratification of the
selection of the Stockholder Representative and of his authority to act
hereunder and under the Escrow Agreement on behalf of the Holders and their
successors. Any rights of the Holders to receive any shares placed in such
escrow shall in no circumstances be sold, assigned or otherwise transferred
by them other than by will or pursuant to the laws of descent
and distribution. All certificates representing securities delivered to the
Escrow Holder shall be accompanied by separate stock powers endorsed in blank
by the Stockholder Representative on behalf of the Holders. Subject to the
Escrow Agreement, the Holders shall retain their voting rights with respect
to securities deposited with the Escrow Holder in accordance with this
Section 2.4.   2.5 VCI Options.   (a) At the Effective Time, each of the
outstanding options to purchase  common stock of VCI shall be assumed by HCC
and shall automatically be  converted into options to purchase the number of
shares of HCC common stock  determined by multiplying the number of shares of
common stock of VCI  covered by the option by the Exchange Ratio, at an
exercise price for each  full share of HCC common stock equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing  (a) the exercise price per share of VCI common stock
with respect to such  option by (b) the Exchange Ratio, which exercise price
per share shall be  rounded to the nearest whole cent, as illustrated on
Exhibit B attached  hereto. The number of shares of HCC common stock that may
be purchased by a  holder under any option assumed by HCC hereunder shall not
include any  fractional share of HCC common stock but shall be rounded up to
the next  higher whole share of HCC common stock. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, VCI  stock options which meet the requirements of Section 422 of
the Code will  be converted into HCC stock options in a manner which complies
with Section  424(a) of the Code. The assumption by HCC of the options
hereunder shall  not terminate or modify (except as required hereunder) (i)
the VCI 1999  Stock Incentive Plan, dated August 15, 1999 (the "VCI Plan"),
any Stock  Option Agreement issued pursuant to the VCI Plan or the terms of
any stock  option agreements issued by VCI other than under the VCI Plan;
(ii) any  right, vesting schedule, or other restriction on transferability
relating  to the VCI Plan, any Stock Option Agreement issued pursuant to the
VCI Plan  or any stock option agreement issued by VCI other than under the
VCI Plan;  or (iii) give the holders of such options any additional benefits
which  they did not have immediately prior to the Effective Time.
Continuous  employment with VCI shall be credited to an optionee for vesting
purposes  after the     Effective Time. Nothing contained in this Section
2.5(a) shall require HCC  to offer or sell shares of HCC common stock upon
the exercise of options  assumed by HCC hereunder if, in the reasonable
judgment of HCC or its  counsel, such offer or sale would not be in
accordance with the applicable  federal or state securities laws, provided
that HCC shall use its  reasonable best efforts to take such actions, if any,
as are necessary for  such offer or sale to be in accordance with such laws,
including without  limitation the filing with the SEC within 45 days
following the Effective  Time of a registration statement on Form S-8 under
the 1933 Act covering  the shares of HCC common stock issuable upon exercise
of options assumed  hereunder by HCC.   (b) If on or before the Effective
Time (i) the issued and outstanding  shares of HCC common stock are changed
into a different number of shares by  reason of any recapitalization, stock
split or stock dividend, then the  number of shares of HCC common stock
issuable upon exercise of VCI options  assumed and converted pursuant to
Section 2.5(a) above shall be  correspondingly adjusted to that number and
class of shares of common stock  of HCC, if such options had been converted
into options to acquire HCC  common stock immediately before such
recapitalization, stock split or stock  dividend and the exercise price
thereof shall be correspondingly adjusted;  or (ii) there shall be a merger,
share exchange or consolidation of HCC  with or into another corporation or
entity, then, as part of such merger,  share exchange or consolidation, the
VCI options to be assumed and  converted pursuant to Section 2.3(a) above
shall be equitably converted  into options to acquire that number and class
of shares of stock of the  surviving corporation resulting from such merger
or consolidation or the  acquiring corporation in such share exchange, as if
such VCI options had  been converted into options to acquire HCC shares of
common stock  immediately prior to such merger, share exchange or
consolidation, and the  exercise price thereof shall be correspondingly and
equitably adjusted.   2.6 Exchange of Certificates.   (a) Prior to the
Closing Date, HCC shall appoint U.S. Stock Transfer  Corporation to act as
exchange agent (the "Exchange Agent") in the Merger.   (b) Promptly after
the Closing Date, but in no event later than three  business days thereafter,
HCC shall give instructions to the Exchange Agent  to make available within
three business days thereafter for exchange in  accordance with this Section
2.6, the shares of HCC common stock issuable  pursuant to Section 2.3 in
exchange for outstanding shares of capital stock  of VCI, subject to the
issuance of 10% of the shares of HCC common stock  issuable to the Holders
into escrow pursuant to Section 2.4 hereof.   (c) As soon as practicable
after the Effective Time, the Exchange Agent  shall mail to each Holder of
record of a stock certificate that,  immediately prior to the Effective Time,
represented outstanding shares of  capital stock of VCI (a "Certificate"),
whose shares are being converted  into HCC common stock pursuant to Section
2.3, (i) a letter of transmittal  (which shall specify that delivery shall be
effected, and risk of loss and  title to the Certificates shall pass, only
upon delivery of the  Certificates to the Exchange Agent and shall be in such
form and have such  other customary provisions as HCC may reasonably specify)
and  (ii) instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates
in  exchange for certificates evidencing HCC common stock. Upon surrender of
a  Certificate for cancellation to the Exchange Agent, together with such 
letter of transmittal, duly executed, the Holder of such Certificate shall 
be entitled to receive in exchange therefor and HCC shall cause the  Exchange
Agent to deliver to such Holder the number of shares of HCC common  stock and
payments in lieu of fractional shares to which the Holder is  entitled
pursuant to Section 2.3 hereof, subject to the provisions of  Section 2.4
hereof. Until surrendered as contemplated by this Section  2.6(c), each
Certificate shall be deemed at any time after the Effective  Time to
represent only the right to receive upon such surrender such whole  number of
shares of HCC common stock and payments for fractional shares as  is provided
for in Section 2.3.   (d) No dividends or distributions payable to holders
of record of HCC  common stock after the Effective Time, or cash payable in
lieu of  fractional shares, shall be paid to the Holder of any
unsurrendered  Certificate until the Holder of the Certificate shall
surrender such  Certificate.      2.7 Dissenting VCI Shares. Holders of
Dissenting VCI Shares shall have those rights, but only those rights, of
holders who perfect their appraisal rights under Section 262 of the DCL. VCI
shall give HCC prompt notice of any demand, purported demand, objection,
notice, petition, or other communication received from stockholders or
provided to stockholders by VCI with respect to any Dissenting VCI Shares or
shares claimed to be Dissenting VCI Shares, and HCC shall have the right to
participate in all negotiations and proceedings with respect to such shares.
VCI agrees that, without the prior written consent of HCC, it shall not
voluntarily make any payment with respect to, or settle or offer to settle,
any demand or purported demand respecting such shares.   2.8 Tax Free
Reorganization. The parties intend to adopt this Agreement as a plan of
reorganization and to consummate the Merger in accordance with the provisions
of Section 368(a) of the Code.   2.9 Voting Agreement. Concurrently with the
execution of this Agreement, the holders of at least forty percent (40%) of
the outstanding voting capital stock of HCC shall enter into Voting
Agreements with VCI in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D, pursuant to
which they shall agree, subject to the terms and conditions of the Voting
Agreement, to vote all the shares of capital stock of HCC or VCI, as
applicable, held by them or by the entities they represent in favor of the
Merger. HCC agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to maintain the
percentage of outstanding voting capital stock of HCC subject to the
Voting Agreements at no less than 40% through the date of the HCC
stockholders\' meeting for the purpose of approving the Merger. In addition,
concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, Holders of at least
ninety-eight percent (98%) of the outstanding voting capital stock of VCI
shall execute and deliver a Written Consent and Agreement in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit E, pursuant to which the Holders shall authorize
and approve the Merger and agree to certain other terms and conditions. There
shall be no amendments or modifications to the Voting Agreement or the
Written Consent and Agreement without the written consent of VCI and HCC,
respectively.   2.10 Representation on HCC Board of Directors. At the
Effective Time, HCC shall take all necessary actions so that, immediately
following the Effective Time, the following persons shall be appointed to
three-year terms on the Board of Directors of HCC: Robert M. Haft and Sage
Givens. The approval by the HCC stockholders of the Merger shall constitute
their vote in favor of the appointment of Robert M. Haft and Sage Givens as
members of the HCC Board of Directors. Robert M. Haft and Sage Givens may not
be removed as a member of the Board of Directors during their three-year
terms for any reason other than Cause.   2.11 Affiliate Agreements.
Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, each affiliate of VCI,
within the meaning of Rule 145 promulgated under the 1933 Act ("Rule 145
Affiliates"), shall execute and deliver an Affiliate Agreement, in the form
of Exhibit F attached hereto, which shall be effective as of the Closing
Date, under which each Rule 145 Affiliate of VCI agrees to comply with the
applicable requirements of Rule 145 and any requirements under the rules
applicable to pooling of interests accounting treatment. HCC shall be
entitled to place appropriate legends on the certificates evidencing any HCC
common stock to be received by such Rule 145 Affiliates pursuant to the terms
of this Agreement, and to issue appropriate stop transfer instructions to the
transfer agent for the HCC common stock, consistent with the terms of the
Affiliate Agreements.   2.12 Escrow Agreement. Concurrently with the
execution of this Agreement, HCC, the Stockholder Representative and the
Escrow Holder shall have executed the Escrow Agreement, which shall be
effective as of the Closing Date.   2.13 Securities Exemption; Stockholders
Letter. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, each stockholder
of VCI shall have executed and delivered a Stockholder\'s letter in the form
of Exhibit G hereto, which shall be effective no later than the date
hereof.   2.14 Employment and Noncompetition Agreement. Concurrently with
the execution of this Agreement, HCC shall have received an Employment
Agreement and a Noncompetition Agreement in the forms of Exhibits H and I
hereto executed by Robert M. Haft and Bruce Kudeviz, each of which shall be
effective as of the Closing Date.     ARTICLE III   REPRESENTATIONS OF
VCI   VCI represents and warrants to HCC that, except as set forth in
the Disclosure Schedule dated as of the date hereof and signed by the
Chief Executive Officer of VCI (the "VCI Disclosure Schedule"), each of
which exceptions shall specifically identify the relevant Section hereof to
which it relates or be specifically enough stated to make it clear that it is
also relevant to such Section:   3.1 Organization. VCI and each of its
Subsidiaries are corporations or limited liability companies duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdictions of
their incorporation or formation (as the case may be), and have all requisite
power and authority to own their properties and to carry on their businesses
as now being conducted. VCI has all requisite power to execute and deliver
this Agreement and the agreements contemplated herein, and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. VCI and its Subsidiaries are
duly qualified to do business and in good standing in all jurisdictions in
which ownership of property or the character of their business requires such
qualification and where failure to be so qualified would reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Copies of the Certificates of
Incorporation and Bylaws or Certificate of Formation and limited liability
company agreement (as applicable) of VCI and its Subsidiaries, as amended to
date, have been previously delivered to HCC, are complete and correct, and no
amendments have been made thereto or have been authorized since the date
thereof.   3.2 Capitalization of VCI. VCI\'s authorized capital stock
consists of 66,650,000 shares of common stock, of which 12,974,414 shares are
issued and outstanding on the date hereof, and 49,666,498 shares of Preferred
Stock, classified into three series, as follows: 11,627,573 shares of Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock, of which 11,627,573 shares are issued
and outstanding on the date hereof; 10,038,925 shares of Series B
Convertible Preferred Stock, of which 10,038,925 shares are issued and
outstanding as of the date hereof; and 28,000,000 shares of Series C
Convertible Preferred Stock, of which 23,325,000 shares are issued and
outstanding as of the date hereof. Section 3.2(a) of the VCI Disclosure
Schedule sets forth the number of authorized shares of each class of VCI
capital stock and the number of issued and outstanding shares of each class
of capital stock and the record owner thereof. Shares of Preferred Stock are
convertible into shares of Common Stock on a one share-for-one share basis.
All issued and outstanding shares of VCI\'s capital stock are duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non- assessable, and were issued
in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws. There are
options outstanding covering 969,016 shares of common stock of VCI; all of
such options, to the extent not exercised prior to the Effective Time, shall
be assumed by HCC and converted into options to purchase HCC common stock
pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.5 hereof and no consents of
optionholders are required with respect to such assumption. Except for such
Preferred Stock and outstanding options and except as set forth in Section
3.2(b) of the VCI Disclosure Schedule, there are not outstanding (i) any
options, warrants or other rights to purchase from VCI any capital stock
of VCI; (ii) any securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of
capital stock of VCI; or (iii) any other commitments or rights of any kind
for the issuance by VCI of additional shares of capital stock or options,
warrants or other securities of VCI.   3.3 Subsidiaries. The only
Subsidiaries of VCI are those listed in Section 3.3 of the VCI Disclosure
Schedule. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of each of VCI\'s
Subsidiaries which is a corporation are duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable and all such shares are owned by VCI or another
Subsidiary of VCI free and clear of all security interests, liens, claims,
pledges, agreements, limitations on VCI\'s voting rights, charges or other
encumbrances of any nature. VCI owns all of the membership interests in
Vitamins.com, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, free and clear
of all security interests, liens, claims, pledges, agreements, limitations
on VCI\'s voting rights, charges or other encumbrances of any nature.   3.4
Authorization. The execution and delivery by VCI of this Agreement and the
agreements provided for herein, and the consummation by VCI of
all transactions contemplated hereunder and thereunder by VCI, have been
duly authorized by all requisite corporate action. This Agreement has been
duly executed and    delivered by VCI. This Agreement and all other
agreements and obligations entered into and undertaken in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby to which VCI is a party constitute the valid
and legally binding obligations of VCI enforceable against it in accordance
with their respective terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, fraudulent transfer, moratorium or other similar laws
affecting the rights of creditors generally and subject to equitable
remedies.   3.5 Compliance with Laws and Other Instruments. Except as set
forth in Section 3.5 of the VCI Disclosure Schedule, neither VCI nor any of
its Subsidiaries is in violation or default (a) of any provision of its
Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws or Certificate of Formation or limited
liability company agreement (as the case may be), or of any instrument,
judgment, order, writ or decree, or (b) except for when any such violation or
default would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect,
of any lease, license, permit, contract or other arrangement to which it is a
party or by which it is bound, of any copyright laws with respect to its use
and posting of information on its website or of any other provision of any
federal or state statute, rule or regulation applicable to VCI or any of its
Subsidiaries. The execution, delivery and performance by VCI of this
Agreement and the agreements provided for herein, and the consummation by VCI
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, do not and will not,
with or without the giving of notice or the passage of time or both, (a)
violate the provisions of any law, rule or regulation applicable to VCI
(assuming compliance with the requirements of the HSR Act), and which would
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (b) violate the
provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws or Certificate of
Formation or limited liability company agreement (as the case may be) of VCI
or any of its Subsidiaries; (c) violate any judgment, decree, order or award
of any court, governmental body or arbitrator applicable to VCI; (d) except
as set forth in Section 3.5 of the VCI Disclosure Schedule, conflict with,
contravene, constitute a default or breach of, result in an acceleration of,
or create in any party the right to accelerate, terminate, modify or cancel,
or require any notice, consent or waiver under, any instrument, judgment,
order, writ, decree, lease, license, permit, contract, lease, or other
agreement or other arrangement to which VCI or any of its Subsidiaries is a
party or by which VCI or any Subsidiaries is bound or to which its assets are
subject and which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect; or (e) constitute an event that results in the creation of any lien,
charge or encumbrance upon any assets of VCI or any of its Subsidiaries or
the suspension, revocation, impairment, forfeiture, or nonrenewal of any
permit, license, authorization, or approval applicable to VCI or any of its
Subsidiaries, their businesses or operations or any of their assets or
properties and which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.   3.6 VCI Financial Statements. VCI has delivered to HCC the
audited consolidated balance sheets of VCI as of December 31, 1999 ("Most
Recent VCI Balance Sheet") and December 31, 1998 and the related statements
of income, changes in shareholders\' equity and cash flows. Such financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent
basis throughout the periods covered thereby, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of VCI
as of the respective dates thereof and for the periods referred to therein
and are consistent with the books and records of VCI.   3.7 No Undisclosed
Liabilities. Except as set forth in Section 3.7 of the VCI Disclosure
Schedule, VCI and its Subsidiaries have no liability (whether absolute or
contingent, whether liquidated or unliquidated and whether due or to become
due), and there is no existing condition, situation or set of circumstances
which would reasonably be expected to result in such a liability, except for
(a) liabilities shown on the Most Recent VCI Balance Sheet, (b) liabilities
which have arisen since December 31, 1999 in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past custom and practice for start up internet e- commerce
enterprises ("Ordinary Course of Business"), (c) contractual liabilities
incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business which are not required by GAAP to
be reflected on a balance sheet or disclosed in the notes thereto under GAAP,
and (d) liabilities for accounting, investment banking and legal fees
incurred in connection with the Merger and the transactions
contemplated thereby; provided that any difference between the adjusted tax
basis and the fair market value of any asset held by VCI or its Subsidiaries
on the Closing Date shall not be treated as an existing condition, situation
or set of circumstances for purposes of this Section 3.7.     3.8 Absence
of Certain Changes or Events. Except as contemplated by this Agreement and as
set forth in Section 3.8 of the Disclosure Schedule, since December 31, 1999,
neither VCI nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered into any transaction that
is not in the Ordinary Course of Business or has:   (a) suffered any
Material Adverse Effect or had any event occur which  reasonably would be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;   (b) incurred any material
obligation or liability for borrowed money  other than in the Ordinary Course
of Business;   (c) discharged or satisfied any lien or encumbrance or paid
any  obligation or liability other than (i) current liabilities reflected in
the  Most Recent VCI Balance Sheet or (ii) those incurred in the Ordinary
Course  of Business since the date of the Most Recent VCI Balance Sheet;  
(d) made any material amendment to or termination of any contract or  lease
or done any act or omitted to do any act which would cause a breach  of any
contract or lease where such breach would reasonably be expected to  have a
Material Adverse Effect;   (e) suffered any loss of personal or real
property in excess of $50,000  in the aggregate, or waived any rights of any
value;   (f) authorized any declaration or payment of dividends, or paid any
such  dividends, or authorized any transfer of assets of any kind whatsoever
to  any of its stockholders (other than payments or transfers by any
Subsidiary  of VCI to VCI);   (g) made any material change in the terms,
status or funding condition  of any VCI Employee Benefit Plan;   (h) made
any capital expenditure in excess of $50,000 in any instance or  $500,000 in
the aggregate;   (i) acquired or disposed of, or committed to acquire or
dispose of, any  asset, or entered or committed to enter into any contract,
agreement or  commitment, in any such case which involves the payment in the
case of an  acquisition of more than $50,000, or in the case of a disposition
of more  than $500,000, except agreements, commitments or transactions
involving the  purchase of inventory or supplies in the ordinary course of
business  consistent with past practice and which do not have a remaining
term  exceeding twelve months;   (j) increased or agreed to increase the
compensation or bonuses payable  or to become payable to any employees with
annual salaries exceeding  $50,000, or increased any salaries or bonuses
payable or to become payable  to any employees in any manner not in the
Ordinary Course of Business;   (k) made or agreed to make any loan to any of
its employees, officers,  stockholders or directors, other than travel
advances made in the Ordinary  Course of Business;   (l) granted or agreed
to grant to any person any option, right or  warrant or other commitment
calling for the issuance or sale of any shares  of capital stock, bonds or
other corporate securities (other than options  granted in the Ordinary
Course of Business to employees, consultants and  members of the Board of
Directors of VCI and which are being assumed  pursuant to Section 2.5
hereof); or   (m) granted or voluntarily subjected any material asset to a
lien or  encumbrance (other than any purchase money security interest,
conditional  title retention arrangement, mechanic\'s lien, lien for taxes
not yet due or  lien arising by operation of law).   3.9 Tax Matters.  
(a) VCI and its Subsidiaries have filed all Tax Returns that they were 
required to file and all such Tax Returns were correct and complete in all 
material respects. VCI and its Subsidiaries have paid all Taxes owed in 
respect of the periods covered by such Tax Returns whether or not shown as 
due on such Tax Return. The unpaid Taxes of VCI and its Subsidiaries for  tax
periods through December 31, 1999 do     not exceed the accruals and
reserves for Taxes set forth on the Most Recent  VCI Balance Sheet. VCI has
no actual or, to its knowledge, potential  liability for any Tax obligation
of any taxpayer (including without  limitation any affiliated group of
corporations or other entities that  included VCI during a prior period)
other than VCI or its Subsidiaries.  Except as set forth in Section 3.9 of
the VCI Disclosure Schedule, all  Taxes that VCI is or was required by law to
withhold or collect have been  duly withheld or collected and, to the extent
required, have been paid to  the proper Governmental Entity.   (b) Except
as set forth in Section 3.9 of the VCI Disclosure Schedule,  none of VCI and
its Subsidiaries has ever had any examination report issued  or statement of
deficiencies assessed against it which have not been  resolved or satisfied.
For taxable periods ending after December 31, 1994,  except as set forth in
Section 3.9 of the VCI Disclosure Schedule, no Tax  Returns of VCI have been
audited by any Governmental Entity. Except as set  forth in Section 3.9 of
the VCI Disclosure Schedule, no examination or  audit of any Tax Returns of
VCI by any Governmental Entity is currently in  progress or, to the knowledge
of VCI, threatened or contemplated. None of  VCI and its Subsidiaries has
waived any statute of limitations with respect  to Taxes or agreed to an
extension of time with respect to a tax assessment  or deficiency, which is
currently in effect.   (c) VCI is not a "consenting corporation" within the
meaning of Section  341(f) of the Code and none of the assets of VCI are
subject to an election  under Section 341(f) of the Code. VCI has not been a
United States real  property holding corporation within the meaning of
Section 897(c)(2) of the  Code during the preceding five (5) years. VCI is
not a party to any Tax  allocation or sharing agreement.   (d) VCI is not
and has never been a member of an "affiliated group" of  corporations (within
the meaning of Section 1504 of the Code) other than  the "affiliated group"
of which VCI is the common parent corporation. VCI  has not made an election
under Treasury Reg. Section 1.1502-20(g). VCI is  not and has not been
required to make a basis reduction pursuant to  Treasury Reg. Section
1.1502-20(b) or Treasury Reg. Section 1.337(d)-2T(b),  except as may be
required if VCI does not join in the filing of Federal  consolidated returns
with HCC after the Closing Date.   (e) As of the date of this Agreement and
as of the Closing Date, VCI has  not, and will not have, taken any action
that could reasonably be expected  to cause the Merger to fail to qualify as
a reorganization within the  meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.   (f)
None of VCI and its Subsidiaries will be required to report any  amount in
taxable income in any taxable period ending after the Closing  pursuant to
Section 481 of the Code by reason of a change of accounting  method occurring
in a taxable period ending on or before the Effective  Time.   (g) Since
the date of its incorporation, VCI has been reporting its  income in
accordance with the accrual method of accounting.   3.10 Assets. VCI and its
Subsidiaries do not own any real property. VCI and its Subsidiaries have good
and defensible title to all of their respective personal properties, as
reflected in the Most Recent VCI Balance Sheet (except properties sold or
otherwise disposed of since December 31, 1999 in the Ordinary Course of
Business) or acquired after December 31, 1999, or with respect to leased
properties and assets, valid leasehold interests in, free and clear of all
Security Interests, except as listed in Section 3.10 of the VCI Disclosure
Schedule. The plants, property and equipment of VCI and its Subsidiaries that
are used in the operations of their respective businesses are in good
operating condition and repair subject to ordinary wear and tear and
to requirements for periodic maintenance. All properties used in the
operations of VCI and its Subsidiaries, except for those acquired after
December 31, 1999, are reflected in the Most Recent VCI Balance Sheet to the
extent required by GAAP. Section 3.10 of the VCI Disclosure Schedule
identifies all personal property leases of VCI and its Subsidiaries. For
purposes of this Agreement, "Security Interest" means any mortgage, pledge,
security interest, encumbrance, charge, or other lien (whether arising by
contract or by operation of law), other than (i) mechanic\'s, materialmen\'s,
and similar liens, (ii) liens arising under worker\'s compensation,
unemployment insurance, social security, retirement, and similar legislation,
(iii) liens on goods in transit incurred pursuant to documentary letters of
credit, and (iv) liens for Taxes not yet due and payable, in each case
arising in the    Ordinary Course of Business of VCI or its Subsidiaries
and not material to VCI and its Subsidiaries, as a whole.   3.11
Intellectual Property.   (a) VCI and its Subsidiaries own, or license or
otherwise possess  legally enforceable rights to use, all patents,
trademarks, trade names,  service marks, Internet domain names, copyrights,
and any applications for  such patents, trademarks, trade names, service
marks, Internet domain names  and copyrights, schematics, technology, trade
secrets, know-how, computer  software programs or applications, processes and
other tangible or  intangible proprietary information or material that are
used to conduct  their respective businesses as currently conducted,
including without  limitation the technology, information, databases, data
lists, data  compilations, and all proprietary rights developed or discovered
or used in  connection with or contained in all versions and implementations
of any  World Wide Web sites, except as set forth in Section 3.11 of the
VCI  Disclosure Schedule, free and clear of all liens, claims and
encumbrances  (including without limitation licensing and distribution
rights), all of  which are "Intellectual Property." Section 3.11 of the VCI
Disclosure  Schedule contains an accurate and complete (i) list of all
patents and  patent applications and all trademarks (indicating registered
and  unregistered trademarks) and applications therefor, registered
copyrights,  trade names, service marks and Internet domain names owned or
licensed by  VCI, including the jurisdictions in which each such Intellectual
Property  right has been issued or registered or in which any such
application for  such issuance or registration has been filed, (ii) list of
all written  licenses, sublicenses and other agreements to which VCI or any
of its  Subsidiaries is a party and pursuant to which any person is
authorized to  use any Intellectual Property rights of VCI or any of its
Subsidiaries, and  (iii) list of all written licenses, sublicenses and other
agreements as to  which VCI or any of its Subsidiaries is a party and
pursuant to which VCI  or any of its Subsidiaries is authorized to use any
third party  Intellectual Property. Neither VCI nor any of its Subsidiaries
is a party  to any oral license, sublicense or agreement which, if reduced to
written  form, would be required to be listed in Section 3.11 of the VCI
Disclosure  Schedule under the terms of this Section 3.11(a).   (b) All of
the patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade names or Internet  domain name
registrations of VCI and its Subsidiaries related to their  businesses are
valid and in full force and effect and will not be altered  or impaired by
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.  Neither VCI nor
any of its Subsidiaries is, and will not be as a result of  the execution and
delivery of this Agreement or the performance of VCI\'s  obligations under
this Agreement, in breach of any license, sublicense or  other agreement
relating to VCI\'s Intellectual Property or third party  Intellectual
Property rights.   (c) Except as set forth in Section 3.11 of the VCI
Disclosure Schedule,  neither VCI or any of its Subsidiaries, nor to VCI\'s
knowledge any of the  employees of VCI or any of its Subsidiaries, has
received a claim, or is  aware of a reasonable basis for a claim, of
infringement or violation of  any Intellectual Property right of any third
party. To VCI\'s knowledge, the  manufacturing, marketing, licensing or sale
of the products or performance  of the service offerings of VCI and its
Subsidiaries do not infringe or  violate any Intellectual Property right of
any third party; and, to the  knowledge of VCI, the Intellectual Property
rights of VCI and its  Subsidiaries are not being infringed or violated by
activities, products or  services of any third party.   3.12 Contracts.
Section 3.12 of the VCI Disclosure Schedule lists all material written
agreements to which VCI or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which it
is bound, including but not limited to:   (a) any written arrangement for
the provision of products or services to  customers or other third
parties;   (b) any written arrangement for the purchase of raw materials, 
commodities, supplies, products or other personal property or for the 
receipt of consulting or other services;   (c) any written arrangement
establishing a partnership, joint venture  development, marketing or
distribution arrangement;     (d) any written arrangement under which it
has created, incurred,  assumed, or guaranteed (or may create, incur, assume,
or guarantee)  indebtedness (including capitalized lease obligations) or
under which it  has imposed (or may impose) a Security Interest on any of its
assets,  tangible or intangible;   (e) any written arrangement concerning
confidentiality or noncompetition  (other than standard confidentiality
agreements with employees, consultants  or directors);   (f) any written
agreement, contract or commitment that calls for fixed  and/or contingent
payments or expenditures (including without limitation  any advertising or
revenue sharing arrangement);   (g) any written outstanding sales or
advertising contract, commitment or  proposal (including, without limitation,
insertion orders, slotting  agreements or other agreements under which VCI or
any of its Subsidiaries  has allowed third parties to advertise on or
otherwise be included in World  Wide Web sites of VCI or any of its
Subsidiaries)   (h) any written agreements, contracts or commitments with
officers,  employees, agents, consultants, advisors, salesmen, sales
representatives,  distributors or dealers that are not cancelable "at will"
and without  liability, penalty or premium.   (i) any written employment,
independent contractor or similar agreement,  contract or commitment that is
not terminable on thirty (30) days\' notice  or less without penalty,
liability or premium of any type, including,  without limitation, severance
or termination pay.   (j) any written arrangement involving any VCI
shareholders or their  Affiliates.   Neither VCI nor any of its
Subsidiaries is a party to any oral contract, agreement or other arrangement
which, if reduced to written form, would be required to be listed in Section
3.12 of the VCI Disclosure Schedule. All of the agreements listed in the VCI
Disclosure Schedule to which VCI or any of its Subsidiaries is a party are
valid, binding, in full force and effect and enforceable in accordance with
their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws
affecting the enforcement of creditors\' rights generally and except that the
availability of equitable remedies is subject to the discretion of the court
before which any proceeding therefor may be brought (whether at law or in
equity). Except as set forth in Section 3.12 of the VCI Disclosure Schedule,
no such contract contains any liquidated damages, penalty or similar
provision. To VCI\'s knowledge, no party to any such contract intends to
cancel, withdraw, modify or amend such contract, agreement or arrangement.
Except as set forth in Section 3.12 of the VCI Disclosure Schedule, neither
VCI nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default under or in breach or violation
of, nor, to VCI\'s knowledge, is there any valid basis for any claim of
default by VCI or any of its Subsidiaries under, or breach or violation by
VCI or any of its Subsidiaries of, any material provision of any contract
listed on the VCI Disclosure Schedule. Except as set forth in Section 3.12 of
the VCI Disclosure Schedule, to VCI\'s knowledge no other party is in default
under or in breach or violation of, nor is there any valid basis for any
claim of default by any other party under or any breach or violation by
any other party of, any such contract.   3.13 Accounts Receivable. All
accounts receivable reflected on the Most Recent VCI Balance Sheet are valid
receivables, and, to VCI\'s knowledge, are subject to no setoffs or
counterclaims and are current and collectible (within 90 days after the date
on which it first became due and payable), net of the applicable reserve for
bad debts on the Most Recent VCI Balance Sheet. All accounts receivable
reflected in the financial or accounting records of VCI and its Subsidiaries
that have arisen since the Most Recent VCI Balance Sheet Date are valid
receivables, and to VCI\'s knowledge, subject to no setoffs or counterclaims
and are collectible, net of a reserve for bad debts in an
amount proportionate to the reserve shown on the Most Recent VCI Balance
Sheet.   3.14 Insurance. Section 3.14 of the VCI Disclosure Schedule sets
forth a true, correct and complete list of all insurance policies and
fidelity bonds covering the assets, business, equipment, properties,
operations, software errors and omissions, employees, officers and directors
of VCI and its Subsidiaries and all claims made under any insurance policy
since January 1, 1998. Except as set forth in Section 3.14 of the
VCI    Disclosure Schedule, there is no claim by VCI or any of its
Subsidiaries pending under any of such policies or bonds as to which coverage
has been questioned, denied or disputed by the underwriters of such policies
or bonds. All premiums due and payable under all such policies and bonds have
been paid and VCI and its Subsidiaries are otherwise in compliance in all
material respects with the terms of such policies and bonds. VCI has no
knowledge of any threatened termination of, or material premium increase with
respect to, any of such policies.   3.15 Litigation. Section 3.15 of the
VCI Disclosure Schedule identifies, and contains a brief description of, (a)
any unsatisfied judgment, order, decree, stipulation or injunction issued by
or enforceable by a Governmental Entity, (b) any written claim, demand,
complaint, action, suit, proceeding, or hearing or, to VCI\'s knowledge any
investigation of or in, any Governmental Entity or before any arbitrator to
which VCI or any of its Subsidiaries or is a party or, to the knowledge of
VCI, is threatened to be made a party, and (c) any written claims by third
persons of which VCI is aware and any reasonable basis for any third party
claims. None of the demands, claims, complaints, actions, suits, proceedings,
hearings, and investigations set forth in Section 3.15 of the VCI Disclosure
Schedule would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  
3.16 Employees and Consultants. Section 3.16 of the VCI Disclosure
Schedule contains a list of all current employees and consultants of VCI and
its Subsidiaries, along with the position and the annual rate of compensation
of each such person. Except as specified in Section 3.16 of the VCI
Disclosure Schedule, each current management level employee, key employee and
consultant to VCI and its Subsidiaries has entered into a confidentiality and
assignment of inventions agreement with VCI, a copy of each of which has
previously been delivered to HCC. To the knowledge of VCI, no key employee or
consultant or group of employees or consultants has any plans to terminate
employment or the provision of consulting services with VCI or any of its
Subsidiaries. Except as set forth in Section 3.16 of the VCI Disclosure
Schedule, neither VCI nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or bound by
any collective bargaining agreement, nor has it experienced any strikes,
grievances, and claims of unfair labor practices or other collective
bargaining disputes. Except as set forth in Section 3.16 of the VCI
Disclosure Schedule, VCI has no knowledge of any organizational effort made
or threatened, either currently or since its inception, by or on behalf of
any labor union with respect to employees of VCI or any of its Subsidiaries.
Neither VCI nor any of its Subsidiaries has any agreements or arrangements
with persons titled as independent contractors or consultants, as a result of
which, by virtue of the control exercised by VCI or any of its Subsidiaries,
the type of work performed by the persons or any other circumstances, such
persons could reasonably be deemed to be employees of VCI or any of its
Subsidiaries. VCI and its Subsidiaries have complied in all material respects
with all record keeping and tax reporting obligations relating to income and
employment taxes due with respect to compensation paid to employees or
independent contractors providing services to VCI or any of
its Subsidiaries.   3.17 Employee Benefits.   (a) Section 3.17 of the VCI
Disclosure Schedule contains a complete and  accurate list of all VCI
Employee Benefit Plans (as defined below) which  are maintained, or
contributed to, by VCI, or any VCI ERISA Affiliate (as  defined below). For
purposes of this Agreement, "VCI Employee Benefit Plan"  means any "employee
pension benefit plan" (as defined in Section 3(2) of  the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA")),  any "employee welfare
benefit plan" (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA),  and any other written
or oral plan, agreement or arrangement involving  direct or indirect
compensation, including without limitation insurance  coverage, severance
benefits, disability benefits, deferred compensation,  bonuses, stock
options, stock purchase, phantom stock, stock appreciation  or other forms of
incentive compensation or post-retirement compensation  maintained, or
contributed to, by VCI or any VCI ERISA Affiliate. For  purposes of this
Agreement, "VCI ERISA Affiliate" means any entity which is  a member of (i) a
controlled group of corporations (as defined in Section  414(b) of the Code),
(ii) a group of trades or businesses under common  control (as defined in
Section 414(c) of the Code), or (iii) an affiliated  service group (as
defined under Section 414(m) of the Code or the  regulations under Section
414(o) of the Code), any of which includes VCI.  Complete and accurate copies
of (i) all VCI Employee Benefit Plans which  have been reduced to writing,
(ii) written summaries, if any, of all     unwritten VCI Employee Benefit
Plans, (iii) all related trust agreements,  insurance contracts and summary
plan descriptions, if any, and (iv) the  most recent annual report filed, if
any, on IRS Form 5500, 5500C or 5500R  for each VCI Employee Benefit Plan,
have been delivered to the Buyer. Each  VCI Employee Benefit Plan has been
administered in all material respects in  accordance with its terms, and each
of VCI and the VCI ERISA Affiliates has  in all material respects met its
obligations with respect to such VCI  Employee Benefit Plan and has made all
contributions thereto which are  required to be made prior to the date
hereof. To the knowledge of VCI, VCI  and all VCI Employee Benefit Plans are
in compliance in all material  respects with the currently applicable
provisions of ERISA and the Code and  the regulations thereunder.   (b)
There are no termination proceedings or other claims (except claims  for
benefits payable in the normal operation of VCI Employee Benefit Plans  and
proceedings with respect to qualified domestic relations orders) suits  or
proceedings and, to VCI\'s knowledge, there are no investigations by any 
Governmental Entity, against or involving any VCI Employee Benefit Plan or 
asserting any rights or claims to benefits under any VCI Employee Benefit 
Plan that could give rise to any material liability.   (c) All VCI Employee
Benefit Plans that are intended to be qualified  under Section 401(a) of the
Code have received determination letters from  the Internal Revenue Service
to the effect that such VCI Employee Benefit  Plans are qualified and the
plans and the trusts related thereto are exempt  from federal income taxes
under Sections 401(a) and 501(a), respectively,  of the Code, no such
determination letter has been revoked and, revocation  has not been
threatened, and no such VCI Employee Benefit Plan has been  amended since the
date of its most recent determination letter in any  respect which would
adversely affect such letter, and, to VCI\'s knowledge,  no act or omission
has occurred, that would adversely affect its  qualification or materially
increase its cost.   (d) Except as set forth in Section 6.17 of the VCI
Disclosure Schedule,  neither VCI nor any VCI ERISA Affiliate has ever
maintained a VCI Employee  Benefit Plan subject to Section 412 of the Code or
Title IV of ERISA.   (e) At no time has VCI or any VCI ERISA Affiliate been
obligated to  contribute to any "multi-employer plan" (as defined in Section
4001(a)(3)  of ERISA).   (f) Except as set forth in Section 3.17 of the VCI
Disclosure Schedule,  there are no unfunded obligations under any VCI
Employee Benefit Plan  providing benefits after termination of employment to
any employee of VCI  or any VCI ERISA Affiliate (or to any beneficiary of any
such employee),  including but not limited to retiree health coverage and
deferred  compensation, but excluding continuation of health coverage
required to be  continued under Section 4980B of the Code and insurance
conversion  privileges under state law.   (g) To the knowledge of VCI, no
act or omission has occurred and no  condition exists with respect to any VCI
Employee Benefit Plan that would  subject VCI or any VCI ERISA Affiliate to
any material fine, penalty, tax  or fiduciary liability imposed under ERISA
or the Code.   (h) No VCI Employee Benefit Plan is funded by, associated
with, or  related to a "voluntary employee\'s beneficiary association" within
the  meaning of Section 501(c)(9) of the Code.   (i) Except as set forth in
Section 3.17 of the VCI Disclosure Schedule,  no VCI Employee Benefit Plan,
plan documentation or agreement, summary plan  description or other written
communication distributed generally to  employees by its terms prohibits VCI
or any VCI ERISA Affiliate from  amending or terminating any such VCI
Employee Benefit Plan.   (j) Section 3.17 or 3.12 of the VCI Disclosure
Schedule discloses each:  (i) written, and, to VCI\'s knowledge, oral,
agreement with any director,  officer or other employee of VCI and Affiliates
(A) the benefits of which  are contingent, or the terms of which are
materially altered, upon the  occurrence of a transaction involving VCI or
its Affiliates of the nature  of any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, (B) providing  any term of employment or compensation guarantee or
(C) providing severance     benefits or other benefits after the
termination of employment of such  director, officer or employee; (ii)
agreement, plan or arrangement under  which any person may as a result of the
Merger receive payments from VCI or  its affiliates that may be subject to
the tax imposed by Section 4999 of  the Code or included in the determination
of such person\'s "parachute  payment" under Section 280G of the Code; and
(iii) agreement or plan  binding VCI or its affiliates, including without
limitation any stock  option plan, stock appreciation right plan, restricted
stock plan, stock  purchase plan, severance benefit plan, or any VCI Employee
Benefit Plan,  any of the benefits of which will be increased, or the vesting
of the  benefits of which will be accelerated, by the occurrence of any of
the  transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the value of any of the 
benefits of which will be calculated on the basis of any of the  transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.   3.18 Environmental and OSHA.   (a)
Hazardous Material. Except as set forth in Section 3.18 of the VCI 
Disclosure Schedule, no material amount of any substance that is regulated 
by any Governmental Entity or that has been designated by any Governmental 
Entity to be radioactive, toxic, hazardous or otherwise a danger to health 
or the environment, including, without limitation, PCBs, asbestos, urea- 
formaldehyde and all substances listed pursuant to the United States 
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 
1980, as amended from time to time, and the United States Resource Recovery 
and Conservation Act of 1976, as amended from time to time, and the 
regulations and publications promulgated pursuant to said laws (a  "Hazardous
Material"), is, to the knowledge of VCI, present as a result of  the actions
of VCI or any of its Subsidiaries (or, to the knowledge of VCI,  as a result
of any actions of any third party or otherwise) in violation of  any law in
effect on or before the Closing Date, in, on or under any  property,
including the land and the improvements, ground water and surface  water
thereof, that VCI or any of its Subsidiaries has at any time  operated,
occupied or leased.   (b) Hazardous Materials Activities. Neither VCI nor
any of its  Subsidiaries has transported, stored, used, manufactured,
disposed of,  released or exposed its employees or others to Hazardous
Materials in  violation of any law in effect on or before the Closing Date,
nor has VCI  or any of its Subsidiaries disposed of, transferred, sold or
manufactured  any product containing a Hazardous Material (collectively
"Hazardous  Materials Activities") in violation of the Comprehensive
Environmental  Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended,
the Resource  Recovery and Conservation Act of 1976, the Toxic Substances
Control Act of  1976, and other applicable state or federal acts (including
the rules and  regulations thereunder) as in effect on or before the Closing
Date.   (c) Permits. VCI currently holds no environmental approvals,
permits,  licenses, clearances and consents and none are necessary for the
conduct of  VCI\'s Hazardous Material Activities, if any, and other business
activities  of VCI as such activities are currently being conducted.   3.19
Permits. Section 3.19 of the VCI Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of all
permits, licenses, registrations, certificates, orders or approvals from any
Governmental Entity (including without limitation those issued or
required under Environmental Laws and those relating to the occupancy or use
of owned or leased real property) ("Permits") issued to or held by VCI that
are material to the operation of its business. Such listed Permits are the
only Permits that are required for VCI to conduct its business as conducted,
except for those the absence of which could not reasonably be expected to
have any Material Adverse Effect. Each such Permit is in full force and
effect.   3.20 Certain Business Relationships with Affiliates. Except as set
forth in Section 3.20 of the VCI Disclosure Schedule, no Affiliate of VCI (a)
owns any property or right, tangible or intangible, which is used in the
business of VCI, (b) has any claim or cause of action against VCI, (c) owes
any money to VCI, or (d) has loaned any money to VCI. Section 3.20 of the VCI
Disclosure Schedule describes any transactions or relationships between VCI
and any Affiliate thereof.     3.21 Brokers\' Fees. VCI has no liability
or obligation to pay any fees or commissions to any broker, investment
banker, finder or agent with respect to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement other than to Donaldson, Lufkin and Jenrette.   3.22 Minute Books.
The minute books and other similar records of VCI and its Subsidiaries which
are corporations contain true and materially complete records of all actions
taken at any meetings of VCI\'s shareholders, Board of Directors or any
committee thereof and of all written consents executed in lieu of the holding
of any such meeting, and all charter and bylaw documents and amendments
thereto.   3.23 Customers and Suppliers. No material licensor to or supplier
of VCI or any of its Subsidiaries has indicated that it will stop, or
decrease the rate of, licensing intellectual property or supplying materials,
products or services to VCI or any of its Subsidiaries and no material
customer of VCI or any of its Subsidiaries has indicated that it will stop,
or decrease the rate of, buying, leasing or licensing materials, products or
services from VCI or any of its Subsidiaries. Section 3.23 of the VCI
Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of each supplier of vitamins,
nutritional supplements and minerals that is the sole supplier of any such
significant product to VCI or to any of its Subsidiaries.   3.24 Year 2000.
To VCI\'s knowledge, the systems and facilities operated by or on behalf of
VCI or any of its Subsidiaries in the conduct of their respective businesses
are capable of providing uninterrupted and error-free recordation, storage,
processing, output and presentation of data, including calendar dates falling
before, on or after January 1, 2000. As of the date hereof, VCI and its
Subsidiaries have operated without any material Year 2000 problems.   3.25
Disclosure. No representation or warranty by VCI contained in this Agreement,
and no statement contained in the VCI Disclosure Schedule or in any other
transaction document delivered to or to be delivered by VCI pursuant to this
Agreement, contains or will contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omits or will omit to state any material fact necessary, in light of the
circumstances under which it was or will be made, in order to make
the statements herein or therein not misleading, as a whole.   ARTICLE
IV   REPRESENTATIONS OF HCC AND ACQUISITION CORP.   HCC and Acquisition
Corp. represent and warrant to VCI and the Holders that, except as set forth
in the Disclosure Schedule dated as of the date hereof and signed by the
Chief Executive Officer of HCC (the "HCC Disclosure Schedule"), each of which
exceptions shall specifically identify the relevant Section hereof to which
it relates or be specifically enough stated to make it clear that it is also
relevant to such Section:   4.1 Organization. HCC and each of its
Subsidiaries are corporations duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdictions of their incorporation, and have
all requisite power and authority to own their properties and to carry on
their business as now being conducted. HCC has all requisite power to execute
and deliver this Agreement and the agreements contemplated herein, and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. HCC and its
Subsidiaries are duly qualified to do business and in good standing in all
jurisdictions in which their ownership of property or the character of their
business requires such qualification and where failure to be so qualified
would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Certified
copies of the Certificates of Incorporation and the Bylaws of HCC and
Acquisition Corporation, as amended to date, have been previously delivered
to VCI, are complete and correct, and no amendments have been made thereto or
have been authorized since the date thereof.   4.2 HCC Capital Structure.
The authorized capital stock of HCC consists of 100,000,000 shares of common
stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock. As of March 14, 2000, (i)
22,651,630 shares of HCC common stock were issued and outstanding, all of
which are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, (ii)
no shares of HCC preferred stock were outstanding, and (iii) 7,637,395 shares
of HCC    common stock were reserved for future issuance pursuant to
HCC\'s stock option plans and outstanding warrants. Section 4.2 of the HCC
Disclosure Schedule sets forth the outstanding shares of common stock that
were not covered by the S-1 registration statement that became effective on
December 7, 1999 and the record owners thereof. All of the outstanding shares
of capital stock of each of HCC\'s Subsidiaries are duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and all such shares are owned by HCC
free and clear of all security interests, liens, claims, pledges, agreements,
limitations on HCC\'s voting rights, charges or other encumbrances of any
nature. The shares of HCC common stock issued pursuant to this Agreement
will, when issued, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable. The shares of HCC common stock owned of record and
beneficially by the HCC stockholders executing the Voting Agreement comprise
not less than forty percent (40%) of the total voting power of HCC as of the
date of this Agreement.   4.3 Subsidiaries. The only Subsidiaries of HCC are
those listed in the HCC Disclosure Schedule. All of the outstanding shares of
capital stock of each of HCC\'s Subsidiaries is duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and all such shares are owned by HCC
free and clear of all security interests, liens, claims, pledges, agreements,
limitations on HCC\'s voting rights, charges or other encumbrances of any
nature. Acquisition Corp. has been formed by HCC for the purpose of effecting
the Merger and has no significant assets or liabilities (other than its
obligations under this Agreement) and has not engaged in any material
activities except as are related to the Merger.   4.4 HCC\'s Authorization.
Subject to the obtaining of the approval of HCC\'s stockholders, the
execution and delivery by HCC and Acquisition Corp. of this Agreement, and
the agreements provided for herein, and the consummation by HCC and
Acquisition Corp. of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby,
have been duly authorized by all requisite corporate action. This Agreement
has been duly executed and delivered by HCC and Acquisition Corp. Subject to
the obtaining of approval of HCC\'s stockholders, this Agreement and all such
other agreements and written obligations entered into and undertaken in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby constitute the valid and
legally binding obligations of HCC and Acquisition Corp., enforceable against
them in accordance with their respective terms subject to applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance or other
similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and subject to
equitable remedies. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
and the agreements provided for herein, and the consummation by HCC and
Acquisition Corp. of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, do not
and will not, with or without the giving of notice of the passage of time or
both, (a) violate the provisions of any law, rule or regulation applicable to
HCC (assuming compliance with the requirements of the HSR Act) and which
would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (b) violate
the provisions of the Certificates of Incorporation or Bylaws of HCC or
Acquisition Corp.; (c) violate any judgment, decree, order or award of any
court, governmental body or arbitrator; or (d) conflict with or result in the
breach or termination of any term or provision of, or constitute a default
under, or cause any acceleration under, or cause the creation of any lien,
charge or encumbrance upon the properties or assets of HCC or of any of its
Subsidiaries pursuant to, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or other
agreement or instrument to which HCC or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or
by which HCC or any of its Subsidiaries is or may be bound and which would
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.   4.5 SEC
Filings; Financial Statements.   (a) HCC has filed and provided to VCI all
forms, reports and documents,  including all exhibits thereto, required to be
filed by HCC with the SEC  since December 7, 1999 (the date on which its
initial public offering  became effective), including its Form 10-K filed for
the year ended  December 31, 1999 (collectively, the "HCC SEC Reports"). The
HCC SEC  Reports (i) at the time filed, complied in all material respects
with the  applicable requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act,
as the  case may be, and (ii) did not at the time they were filed (or if
amended or  superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement, then
on the  date of such filing) contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or  omit to state a material fact required to be stated in such HCC SEC
Reports  or necessary in order to make the statements in such HCC SEC
Reports, in  the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading.     (b) Each of the consolidated financial statements
(including, in each  case, any related notes) contained in the HCC SEC
Reports, including HCC\'s  audited consolidated balance sheet as of December
31, 1999 ("Most Recent  HCC Balance Sheet") complied as to form in all
material respects with the  applicable published rules and regulations of the
SEC with respect thereto,  was prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a
consistent basis  throughout the periods involved and fairly presented in all
material  respects the consolidated financial position of HCC as at the
respective  dates and the consolidated results of its operations and cash
flows for the  periods indicated.   (c) Since December 31, 1999, HCC has
not suffered any Material Adverse  Effect, and no event has occurred which
reasonably would be expected to  result in a Material Adverse Effect.   4.6
No Undisclosed Liabilities. HCC and its Subsidiaries have no
liability whether absolute or contingent, whether liquidated or unliquidated
and whether due or to become due), and there is no existing condition,
situation or set of circumstances which would reasonably be expected to
result in such a liability, except for (a) liabilities shown on the Most
Recent HCC Balance Sheet, (b) liabilities which have arisen since December
31, 1999 in the Ordinary Course of Business, (c) contractual liabilities
incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business which are not required by GAAP to
be reflected on a balance sheet or disclosed in the notes thereto under GAAP,
and (d) liabilities for accounting, investment banking and legal fees
incurred in connection with the Merger and the transactions contemplated
thereby.   4.7 Tax Matters. Except as disclosed on the HCC Disclosure
Schedule:   (a) HCC and each of its Subsidiaries (together the "HCC Group")
have  filed all Tax Returns (as defined below) that they were required to
file  and all such Tax Returns were correct and complete in all material 
respects. The HCC Group has paid all Taxes owed in respect of the periods 
covered by such Tax Returns whether or not shown as due on such Tax Return. 
The unpaid Taxes of the HCC Group for tax periods through December 31, 1999 
do not exceed the accruals and reserves for Taxes set forth on the Most 
Recent HCC Balance Sheet. The HCC Group has no actual or, to HCC\'s 
knowledge, potential liability for any Tax obligation of any taxpayer 
(including without limitation any affiliated group of corporations or other 
entities that included any member of the HCC Group during a prior period) 
other than members of the HCC Group. All Taxes that any member of the HCC 
Group is or was required by law to withhold or collect have been duly 
withheld or collected and, to the extent required, have been paid to the 
proper Governmental Entity.   (b) The HCC Group has never had any
examination report issued or  statements of deficiencies assessed against it
which have not been resolved  or satisfied. No Tax Returns of the HCC Group
have been audited by any  Governmental Entity. No examination or audit of any
Tax Returns of the HCC  Group by any Governmental Entity is currently in
progress or, to the  knowledge of HCC, threatened or contemplated. The HCC
Group has not waived  any statute of limitations with respect to taxes or
agreed to an extension  of time with respect to a tax assessment or
deficiency.   (c) The HCC Group is not a "consenting corporation" within the
meaning  of Section 341(f) of the Code and none of the assets of the HCC
Group are  subject to an election under Section 341(f) of the Code. HCC has
not been a  United States real property holding corporation within the
meaning of  Section 897(c)(2) of the Code during the applicable period
specified in  Section 897(c)(l)(A)(ii) of the Code. The HCC Group is not a
party to any  Tax allocation or sharing agreement.   (d) The HCC Group is
not and has never been a member of an "affiliated  group" of corporations
(within the meaning of Section 1504 of the Code)  other than an affiliated
group of which HCC was the common parent. The HCC  Group has not made an
election under Treasury Reg. Section 1.1502-20(g).  HCC is not and has not
been required to make a basis reduction pursuant to  Treasury Reg. Section
1.1502-20(b) or Treasury Reg. Section 1.337(d)-2T(b).   (e) As of the date
of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, HCC and  its Affiliates are not
aware of any existing condition or circumstance (and  have not, and will not
have, taken any action) that would cause the Merger  to fail to qualify as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a)  of the Code.     4.8
Assets. HCC and its Subsidiaries do not own any real property. HCC and its
Subsidiaries have good and defensible title to all of their
respective properties as reflected in the Most Recent HCC Balance Sheet
(except properties, interests in properties and assets sold or otherwise
disposed of since December 31, 1999 in the Ordinary Course of Business) or
acquired after December 31, 1999, or with respect to leased properties and
assets, valid leasehold interests in, free and clear of all Security
Interest, except as listed in Section 4.8 of the HCC Disclosure Schedule. The
plants, property and equipment of HCC and its Subsidiaries that are used in
the operations of their respective businesses are in good operating condition
and repair subject to ordinary wear and tear and to requirements for periodic
maintenance. All properties used in the operations of HCC and its
Subsidiaries, except for those acquired after the Most Recent Balance Sheet
Date, are reflected in HCC\'s Most Recent Balance Sheet to the extent
required by GAAP. Section 4.8 of the HCC Disclosure Schedule identifies all
personal property leases of HCC.   4.9 Intellectual Property.   (a) HCC
and its Subsidiaries own, or license or otherwise possess  legally
enforceable rights to use, all Intellectual Property free and clear  of all
liens, claims and encumbrances (including, without limitation,  licensing and
distribution rights). Section 4.9 of the HCC Disclosure  Schedule contains an
accurate and complete (i) list of all patents and  patent applications and
all trademarks (indicating registered and  unregistered trademarks) and
applications therefor, registered copyrights,  trade names, service marks and
Internet domain names owned or licensed by  HCC or any of its Subsidiaries,
including the jurisdictions in which each  such Intellectual Property right
has been issued or registered or in which  any such application for such
issuance or registration has been filed, (ii)  list of all written licenses,
sublicenses and other agreements to which HCC  or any of its Subsidiaries is
a party and pursuant to which any person is  authorized to use any
Intellectual Property rights of HCC or any of its  Subsidiaries, and (iii)
list of all written licenses, sublicenses and other  agreements as to which
HCC or any of its Subsidiaries is a party and  pursuant to which HCC or any
of its subsidiaries is authorized to use any  third party Intellectual
Property. Neither HCC nor any of its Subsidiaries  is a party to any oral
license, sublicense or agreement which, if reduced  to written form, would be
required to be listed in Section 4.9 of the HCC  Disclosure Schedule under
the terms of this Section 4.9(a).   (b) All of the patents, copyrights,
trademarks, trade names or Internet  domain name registrations of HCC and its
Subsidiaries related to their  current or currently proposed businesses are
valid and in full force and  effect and will not be altered or impaired by
the consummation of the  transactions contemplated hereby. Neither HCC nor
any of its Subsidiaries  is, and will not be as a result of the execution and
delivery of this  Agreement or the performance of HCC\'s obligations under
this Agreement, in  breach of any license, sublicense or other agreement
relating to HCC\'s  Intellectual Property or third party Intellectual
Property rights.   (c) Neither HCC or any of its Subsidiaries, nor to HCC\'s
knowledge any  of the employees of HCC or any of its Subsidiaries has
received a claim, or  is aware of a reasonable basis for a claim, of
infringement or violation of  any Intellectual Property right of any third
party. To HCC\'s knowledge, the  manufacturing, marketing, licensing or sale
of the products or performance  of the service offerings of HCC and its
Subsidiaries do not infringe or  violate any Intellectual Property right of
any third party and, to the  knowledge of HCC, the Intellectual Property
rights of HCC and its  Subsidiaries are not being infringed or violated by
activities, products or  services of any third party.   4.10 Contracts. All
material written agreements to which HCC or any of its Subsidiaries is a
party or by which it is bound are listed in HCC\'s Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 1999 or set forth in Section 4.10 of the HCC Disclosure
Schedule. All of the agreements so listed are valid, binding, in full force
and effect and enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except
as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors\'
rights generally and except that the availability of equitable remedies is
subject to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor
may be brought (whether at law or in equity). No such contract contains any
liquidated damages, penalty or similar provision. To HCC\'s knowledge, no
party to any such    contract intends to cancel, withdraw, modify or amend
such contract, agreement or arrangement. Neither HCC nor any of its
Subsidiaries is in default under or in breach or violation of, nor, to HCC\'s
knowledge, is there any valid basis for any claim of default by HCC or any of
its Subsidiaries under, or breach or violation by HCC or any of its
Subsidiaries of, any material provision of any contract so listed. To HCC\'s
knowledge, no other party is in default under or in breach or violation of,
nor is there any valid basis for any claim of default by any other party
under or any breach or violation by any other party of, any such
contract.   4.11 Accounts Receivable. All accounts receivable reflected on
the Most Recent HCC Balance Sheet are valid receivables, and, to HCC\'s
knowledge, are subject to no setoffs or counterclaims and are current and
collectible (within 90 days after the date on which it first became due and
payable), net of the applicable reserve for bad debts on the Most Recent HCC
Balance Sheet. All accounts receivable reflected in the financial or
accounting records of HCC and its Subsidiaries that have arisen since the
Most Recent HCC Balance Sheet Date are valid receivables, and to HCC\'s
knowledge, subject to no setoffs or counterclaims and are collectible, net of
a reserve for bad debts in an amount proportionate to the reserve shown on
the Most Recent HCC Balance Sheet.   4.12 Litigation. Section 4.12 of the
HCC Disclosure Schedule identifies, and contains a brief description of, (a)
any unsatisfied judgment, order, decree, stipulation or injunction issued by
or enforceable by a Governmental Entity, (b) any written claim, demand,
complaint, action, suit, proceeding, or hearing or, to HCC\'s knowledge any
investigation of or in, any Governmental Entity or before any arbitrator to
which HCC or any of its Subsidiaries or is a party or, to the knowledge of
HCC, is threatened to be made a party, and (c) any written or oral claims by
third persons of which HCC is aware and any reasonable basis for any third
party claims. None of the demands, claims, complaints, actions, suits,
proceedings, hearings, and investigations set forth in Section 4.12 of the
HCC Disclosure Schedule would reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.   4.13 Employee Benefits.   (a) Section 4.13 of
the HCC Disclosure Schedule contains a complete and  accurate list of all HCC
Employee Benefit Plans (as defined below) which  are maintained, or
contributed to, by HCC, or any HCC ERISA Affiliate (as  defined below). For
purposes of this Agreement, "HCC Employee Benefit Plan"  means any "employee
pension benefit plan" (as defined in Section 3(2) of  the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA")),  any "employee welfare
benefit plan" (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA),  and any other written
or oral plan, agreement or arrangement involving  direct or indirect
compensation, including without limitation insurance  coverage, severance
benefits, disability benefits, deferred compensation,  bonuses, stock
options, stock purchase, phantom stock, stock appreciation  or other forms of
incentive compensation or post-retirement compensation  maintained, or
contributed to, by HCC or any HCC ERISA Affiliate. For  purposes of this
Agreement, "HCC ERISA Affiliate" means any entity which is  a member of (i) a
controlled group of corporations (as defined in Section  414(b) of the Code),
(ii) a group of trades or businesses under common  control (as defined in
Section 414(c) of the Code), or (iii) an affiliated  service group (as
defined under Section 414(m) of the Code or the  regulations under Section
414(o) of the Code), any of which includes HCC.  Complete and accurate copies
of (i) all HCC Employee Benefit Plans which  have been reduced to writing,
(ii) written summaries, if any, of all  unwritten HCC Employee Benefit Plans,
(iii) all related trust agreements,  insurance contracts and summary plan
descriptions, if any, and (iv) the  most recent annual report filed, if any,
on IRS Form 5500, 5500C or 5500R  since HCC\'s inception for each HCC
Employee Benefit Plan, have been  delivered to the Buyer. Each HCC Employee
Benefit Plan has been  administered in all material respects in accordance
with its terms, and  each of HCC, and HCC ERISA Affiliates has in all
material respects met its  obligations with respect to such HCC Employee
Benefit Plan and has made all  contributions thereto which are required to be
made prior to the date  hereof. To the knowledge of HCC, HCC and all HCC
Employee Benefit Plans are  in compliance in all material respects with the
currently applicable  provisions of ERISA and the Code and the regulations
thereunder.     (b) There are no termination proceedings or other claims
(except claims  for benefits payable in the normal operation of HCC Employee
Benefit Plans  and proceedings with respect to qualified domestic relations
orders) suits  or proceedings and, to HCC\'s knowledge, there are no
investigations by any  Governmental Entity, against or involving any HCC
Employee Benefit Plan or  asserting any rights or claims to benefits under
any HCC Employee Benefit  Plan that could give rise to any material
liability.   (c) All HCC Employee Benefit Plans that are intended to be
qualified  under Section 401(a) of the Code have received determination
letters from  the Internal Revenue Service to the effect that such HCC
Employee Benefit  Plans are qualified and the plans and the trusts related
thereto are exempt  from federal income taxes under Sections 401(a) and
501(a), respectively,  of the Code, no such determination letter has been
revoked and, revocation  has not been threatened, and no such HCC Employee
Benefit Plan has been  amended since the date of its most recent
determination letter in any  respect which would adversely affect such
letter, and, to HCC\'s knowledge,  no act or omission has occurred, that
would adversely affect its  qualification or materially increase its
cost.   (d) Neither HCC nor any HCC ERISA Affiliate has ever maintained an
HCC  Employee Benefit Plan subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV
of  ERISA.   (e) At no time has HCC or any HCC ERISA Affiliate been
obligated to  contribute to any "multi-employer plan" (as defined in Section
4001(a)(3)  of ERISA).   (f) There are no unfunded obligations under any
HCC Employee Benefit  Plan providing benefits after termination of employment
to any employee of  HCC or any HCC ERISA Affiliate (or to any beneficiary of
any such  employee), including but not limited to retiree health coverage
and  deferred compensation, but excluding continuation of health coverage 
required to be continued under Section 4980B of the Code and insurance 
conversion privileges under state law.   (g) To the knowledge of HCC, no act
or omission has occurred and no  condition exists with respect to any HCC
Employee Benefit Plan that would  subject HCC, or any HCC ERISA Affiliate to
any material fine, penalty, tax  or fiduciary liability imposed under ERISA
or the Code.   (h) No HCC Employee Benefit Plan is funded by, associated
with, or  related to a "voluntary employee\'s beneficiary association" within
the  meaning of Section 501(c)(9) of the Code.   (i) No HCC Employee
Benefit Plan, plan documentation or agreement,  summary plan description or
other written communication distributed  generally to employees by its terms
prohibits HCC or any HCC ERISA  Affiliate from amending or terminating any
such HCC Employee Benefit Plan.   (j) Section 4.13 of the HCC Disclosure
Schedule discloses each: (i)  written, and, to HCC\'s knowledge, oral,
agreement with any director,  officer or other employee of HCC and affiliates
(A) the benefits of which  are contingent, or the terms of which are
materially altered, upon the  occurrence of a transaction involving HCC or
its Affiliates of the nature  of any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, (B) providing  any term of employment or compensation guarantee or
(C) providing severance  benefits or other benefits after the termination of
employment of such  director, officer or employee; (ii) agreement, plan or
arrangement under  which any person may receive payments from HCC or its
Affiliates that may  be subject to the tax imposed by Section 4999 of the
Code or included in  the determination of such person\'s "parachute payment"
under Section 280G  of the Code; and (iii) agreement or plan binding HCC or
its affiliates,  including without limitation any stock option plan, stock
appreciation  right plan, restricted stock plan, stock purchase plan,
severance benefit  plan, or any HCC Employee Benefit Plan, any of the
benefits of which will  be increased, or the vesting of the benefits of which
will be accelerated,  by the occurrence of any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement  or the value of any of the benefits of which
will be calculated on the  basis of any of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement.     4.14 Environmental and OSHA.   (a) Hazardous
Material. No material amount of any Hazardous Material is,  to the knowledge
of HCC, present as a result of the actions of HCC or any  of its Subsidiaries
(or, to the knowledge of HCC, as a result of any  actions of any third party
or otherwise) in violation of any law in effect  on or before the Closing
Date, in, on or under any property, including the  land and the improvements,
ground water and surface water thereof, that HCC  or any of its Subsidiaries
has at any time owned, operated, occupied or  leased.   (b) Hazardous
Materials Activities. Neither HCC nor any of its  Subsidiaries has
transported, stored, used, manufactured, disposed of,  released or exposed
its employees or others to Hazardous Materials in  violation of any law in
effect on or before the Closing Date, nor has HCC  or any of its Subsidiaries
engaged in any "Hazardous Materials Activities")  in violation of the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and  Liability Act of
1980, as amended, the Resource Recovery and Conservation  Act of 1976, the
Toxic Substances Control Act of 1976, and other applicable  state or federal
acts (including the rules and regulations thereunder) as  in effect on or
before the Closing Date.   (c) Permits. HCC currently holds no environmental
approvals, permits,  licenses, clearances and consents and none are necessary
for the conduct of  HCC\'s Hazardous Material Activities, if any, and other
business activities  of HCC as such activities are currently being
conducted.   4.15 Brokers\' Fees. HCC has no liability or obligation to pay
any fees or commissions to any broker, finder or agent with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement other than Pacific Growth.  
4.16 Customers and Suppliers. No material licensor to or supplier of HCC
has indicated that it will stop, or decrease the rate of, licensing
intellectual property or supplying materials, products or services to HCC and
no material customer of HCC has indicated that it will stop, or decrease the
rate of, buying, leasing or licensing materials, products or services from
HCC. Section 4.16 of the HCC Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of each
supplier that is the sole supplier of any significant product, component or
service to HCC.   4.17 Year 2000. To HCC\'s knowledge, the systems and
facilities operated by or on behalf of HCC or any of its Subsidiaries in the
conduct of their respective businesses are capable of providing uninterrupted
and error-free recordation, storage, processing, output and presentation of
data, including calendar dates falling before, on or after January 1, 2000.
As of the date hereof, HCC and its Subsidiaries have operated without any
material Year 2000 problems.   4.18 Disclosure. No representation or
warranty by HCC contained in this Agreement, and no statement contained in
the HCC Disclosure Schedule or in any other transaction document delivered to
or to be delivered by HCC pursuant to this Agreement, contains or will
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omits or will omit to
state any material fact necessary, in light of the circumstances under which
it was or will be made, in order to make the statements herein or therein not
misleading, as a whole.   ARTICLE V   CERTAIN COVENANTS OF VCI   From
and after the date hereof and until the earlier of the Closing Date
or termination of this Agreement pursuant to Article VIII hereof and subject
to Section 6.17 hereof:   5.1 Conduct of Business and Certain Key
Employees. VCI and its Subsidiaries shall carry on their businesses in the
Ordinary Course of Business. All of the property of VCI and its Subsidiaries
shall be used, operated, repaired and maintained in a manner consistent with
past practice. VCI will use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain
the relationships of VCI and its Subsidiaries with their employees, customers
and suppliers.     5.2 Absence of Material Changes. Without the prior
written consent of HCC, which consent shall not be unreasonably delayed,
conditioned or withheld, neither VCI nor any of its Subsidiaries shall:  
(a) take any action to amend its charter documents or bylaws;   (b) issue
any stock (except upon the exercise of outstanding options or  warrants to
purchase common stock in exchange for full payment), bonds or  other
corporate securities or grant any option or issue any warrant to  purchase or
subscribe for any of such securities or issue any securities  convertible
into such securities;   (c) incur any obligation or liability (absolute or
contingent), except  in the Ordinary Course of Business;   (d) declare or
make any payment or distribution to its stockholders or  purchase or redeem
any shares of its capital stock;   (e) mortgage, pledge, or subject to any
lien, charge or any other  encumbrance any of their assets or properties,
other than mechanic\'s liens  or liens arising by operation of law;   (f)
sell, assign, or transfer any of their assets, except in the  Ordinary Course
of Business;   (g) cancel any material debts or claims, except in the
Ordinary Course  of Business;   (h) merge or consolidate with or into any
corporation or other entity;   (i) make any election or give any consent
under the Code or the tax  statutes of any state or other jurisdiction,
except that on or before the  Closing VCI may make an election under Section
1501 of the Code to file a  consolidated tax return without the prior written
consent of HCC, or make  any termination, revocation or cancellation of any
such election or any  consent or compromise or settle any claim for past or
present tax due; or   (j) enter into any lease, contract, agreement or
understanding, other  than those entered into in the ordinary course of
business calling for  payments by VCI and its Subsidiaries which in the
aggregate do not exceed  $50,000 for each such lease, contract, agreement or
understanding or extend  for more than one year from the date hereof.   5.3
Reports, Taxes. VCI and its Subsidiaries shall duly and timely file
all reports or returns required to be filed with federal, state, local and
foreign authorities on or prior to the Closing Date and will promptly pay all
federal, state, local and foreign taxes, assessments and governmental charges
levied or assessed upon them or any of their properties (unless contesting
such in good faith and adequate provision has been made therefor).   5.4
Non-Solicitation.   (a) VCI shall not, directly or indirectly, through any
officer,  director, employee, representative or agent, (i) solicit, initiate,
or  encourage any inquiries or proposals that constitute, or could
reasonably  be expected to lead to, a proposal or offer for a merger,
consolidation,  business combination, sale of substantial assets, or sale of
shares of  capital stock, other than the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement  (any of the foregoing inquiries or proposals being referred to in
this  Agreement as an "Acquisition Proposal"), (ii) engage in negotiations
or  discussions concerning, or provide any non-public information to any
person  or entity relating to, any Acquisition Proposal, or (iii) agree to,
enter  into, accept, approve or recommend any Acquisition Proposal.   (b)
VCI shall notify HCC immediately (and no later than 24 hours) after  receipt
by VCI (or its advisors), of any Acquisition Proposal or any  request for
nonpublic information in connection with an Acquisition  Proposal or for
access to the properties, books or records of VCI by any  person or entity
that informs VCI that it is considering making an  Acquisition Proposal. Such
notice to HCC shall be made orally and in  writing and shall indicate in
reasonable detail the identity of the offeror  and the terms and conditions
of such proposal, inquiry or contact.     5.5 Option Plans. VCI agrees to
take all actions necessary to ensure that all outstanding options to acquire
capital stock of VCI can be assumed by HCC and converted into options to
purchase HCC common stock pursuant to Section 2.6 of this Agreement. VCI also
agrees not to take any action that would result in acceleration of vesting of
any such options beyond any acceleration that is presently required by the
options.   ARTICLE VI   ADDITIONAL COVENANTS   6.1 Proxy Statement.  
(a) As promptly as practical after the execution of this Agreement, HCC 
shall prepare, and VCI shall reasonably cooperate with the preparation of, 
the Proxy Statement and HCC shall file the Proxy Statement with the SEC.  
(b) The information supplied by HCC and VCI for inclusion in the Proxy 
Statement shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit 
to state any material fact required to be stated in the Proxy Statement or 
necessary in order to make the statements in the Proxy Statement, in the 
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.   6.2
Access to Information. Upon reasonable notice, HCC and VCI shall each afford
to the officers, employees, accountants, counsel and other representatives of
the other, access, during normal business hours during the period prior to
the Effective Time, to all information concerning its business, properties
and personnel as may reasonably be requested. Unless otherwise required by
law, the parties will hold any such information that is nonpublic in
confidence. No information or knowledge obtained in any
investigation pursuant to this Section 6.2 shall affect or be deemed to
modify any representation or warranty construed in this Agreement or the
conditions to the obligations of the parties to consummate the Merger.  
6.3 Stockholders Meetings. HCC shall call a meeting of its stockholders to be
held as promptly as practicable for the purpose of voting upon this Agreement
as required by the rules of the Nasdaq Market. Subject to satisfaction of the
conditions contained in this Agreement, and except as otherwise required
based upon the exercise of applicable fiduciary duties in reliance upon the
advice of counsel, HCC will, through its Board of Directors, recommend to its
stockholders approval of this Agreement and the Merger, and shall use its
commercially reasonable efforts to hold such meeting as soon as practicable
after the date hereof.   6.4 Legal Conditions to Merger. Each of HCC and VCI
shall take all reasonable actions necessary to comply promptly with all legal
requirements which may be imposed on itself with respect to the Merger (which
actions shall include, without limitation, furnishing all information
required under the HSR Act) and in connection with approvals of or filings
with any other governmental entity and will promptly cooperate with and
furnish information to each other in connection with any such requirements
imposed in connection with the Merger.   6.5 Public Disclosure. HCC and VCI
shall consult with each other before issuing any press release or otherwise
making any public statement with respect to the Merger or this Agreement and
shall not issue any such press release or make any such public statement
prior to such consultation, except as may be required by law.   6.6 Tax-
Free Reorganization. HCC and VCI shall each use commercially reasonable
efforts to cause the Merger to be treated as a reorganization within the
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. If HCC or VCI shall at any time before
the Closing become aware of any event, circumstance or other condition which
may cause the Merger to fail to qualify as a reorganization within
the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code, HCC or VCI, as the case may be,
shall immediately give notice thereof to the other. After the Closing, each
of HCC and its Affiliates shall not take any action (or fail to take any
action) which action or failure to act would cause the Merger to fail to
qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.
HCC, VCI    and each of the Holders agree that they will report in their
respective income Tax Returns that the Merger qualified as a reorganization
under Section 368(a) of the Code (unless there is no reasonable basis for
such a reporting position), and will properly file with their federal income
Tax Returns all information required by Treas. Regs. (S)1.368-3.   6.7
Pooling Accounting. HCC and VCI shall each use their reasonable best efforts
to cause the business combination to be effected by the Merger to
be accounted for as a pooling of interests.   6.8 Nasdaq Quotation. HCC
shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the shares of HCC common stock
to be issued in the Merger to be approved for quotation on the Nasdaq
National Market, subject to official notice of issuance, prior to the
Effective Time.   6.9 Consents. Each of HCC and VCI shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all necessary consents, waivers and approvals
under any of their material agreements, contracts, licenses or leases in
connection with the Merger.   6.10 FIRPTA. VCI shall, prior to the Closing
Date, provide HCC with a properly executed Foreign Investment and Real
Property Tax Act of 1980 ("FIRPTA") Notification Letter, which states that
shares of capital stock of VCI do not constitute "United States real property
interests" under Section 897(c) of the Code, for purposes of satisfying
HCC\'s obligations under Treasury Regulation Section 1.1445-2(c)(3). In
addition, simultaneously with delivery of such Notification Letter, VCI shall
have provided to HCC, as agent for VCI, a form of notice to the Internal
Revenue Service in accordance with the requirements of Treasury Regulation
Section 1.897-2(h)(2), hereto along with written authorization for HCC to
deliver such notice form to the Internal Revenue Service on behalf of VCI
upon the Closing of the Merger.   6.11 Securities Laws. HCC shall take such
steps as may be reasonably necessary to comply with the securities and blue
sky laws of all jurisdictions that are applicable to the issuance of the HCC
common stock in connection with the Merger. VCI shall use its commercially
reasonable efforts to assist HCC as may be necessary to comply with the
securities and blue sky laws of all jurisdictions that are applicable in
connection with the issuance of HCC Common Stock in connection with the
Merger. The HCC common stock will be issued under a Section 4(2) "private
placement" exemption from the registration requirements of federal securities
laws.   6.12 Expenses. Whether or not the Merger is consummated, all fees,
costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be paid by the party
incurring such fee, cost or expense; provided, however, that any transaction
fees (including but not limited to legal, accounting, banking, investment
banking and other advisory fees), costs and expenses (including but not
limited to all filing fees and other non-fee disbursements and expenses such
as copy, fax and word processing charges) in excess of $100,000 incurred in
connection with the consummation of this Agreement on behalf of VCI (other
than those that are paid directly by VCI stockholders or any of their
affiliates or are reimbursed to VCI by VCI stockholders or any of their
affiliates) shall reduce dollar for dollar the Numerator.   6.13
Commercially Reasonable Efforts and Further Assurances. Each of the parties
to this Agreement shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to effectuate
the transactions contemplated hereby and to fulfill and cause to be fulfilled
the conditions to closing under this Agreement. Each party hereto, at the
reasonable request of another party hereto, shall execute and deliver
such other instruments and do and perform such other acts and things as may
be necessary or desirable for effecting completely the consummation of
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.   6.14
Registration of Shares issued to VCI Shareholders.   (a) Shelf Registration.
Within thirty (30) days after the expiration of  the 180 day period
commencing as of the Effective Time (but in no event  prior to December 7,
2000), HCC shall prepare and     file with the SEC a "Shelf" registration
statement (such registration  statement including the prospectus, amendments
and supplements to such  registration statement or prospectus, including pre-
and post-effective  amendments, all exhibits thereto, and all material
incorporated by  reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such
registration  statement, a "Registration Statement") covering all of the
shares of HCC  common stock into which VCI\'s shares of common stock are
converted as a  result of the Merger (including any shares of HCC capital
stock issued or  issuable as a dividend on or in exchange for or otherwise
with respect to  such shares of HCC common stock, the "Merger Shares") for an
offering to be  made on a continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415. The
Registration Statement  shall be on Form S-3 (except if HCC is not then
eligible to register for  resale the Merger Shares on Form S-3, in which case
such registration shall  be on Form S-1 or another appropriate form in
accordance herewith as the  Holders, by vote of the Holders of a majority of
the Merger Shares, may  consent). HCC shall use its reasonable best efforts
to cause the  Registration Statement to be declared effective under the
Securities Act as  promptly as possible after the filing thereof, and shall
use its reasonable  best efforts to keep such Registration Statement
continuously effective  under the Securities Act until the date which is two
(2) years after the  date that such Registration Statement is declared
effective by the SEC or  such earlier date when all Merger Shares covered by
such Registration  Statement have been sold or may be sold without volume
restrictions  pursuant to Rule 144(k) as determined by the counsel to HCC
pursuant to a  written opinion letter to such effect (the "Effectiveness
Period").  Anything to the contrary contained herein notwithstanding, HCC
shall not  voluntarily take any action that would result in the Holders not
being able  to sell the Merger Shares during the Effectiveness Period, unless
such  action is required under applicable law, as evidenced by an opinion
of  counsel to HCC or such other evidence as the Holders may deem
acceptable,  or HCC has, upon written advice of counsel, filed a post-
effective  amendment to the Registration Statement and the SEC has not
declared it  effective.   (b) Piggyback Registration Rights. If at any time
beginning after 180  days after the Effective Time and expiring on the third
anniversary  thereof, HCC shall determine to register any of its securities
either for  its own account or the account of a security holder or holders
exercising  demand registration rights, other than a registration relating
solely to  employee benefit plans, or a registration relating solely to a
Rule 145  transaction, or a registration on any registration form which does
not  permit secondary sales, HCC will:   (i) promptly give to the Holders
written notice thereof; and   (ii) include in such registration the (A) the
Merger Shares and (B)  any other shares of HCC common stock held by HCC
stockholders who have  the right to and elect to sell shares in such offering
("Registrable  Securities") specified in a written request made by the
Holders within  ten (10) days after receipt of the written notice from HCC
described in  clause (i) above, except as set forth in Section 6.14(b)
below.   Notwithstanding the foregoing, HCC shall not be required to include
in any  such registration shares a Holder requests be included in the
registration  if all of such shares could then be sold by such Holder
pursuant to Rule  144 under the Securities Act or, if such registration will
not cover an  Underwritten Offering, pursuant to the "Shelf" registration
statement  provided for in Section 6.14(a) hereof.   If the registration of
which HCC gives notice is for a registered public  offering involving an
underwriting, HCC shall so advise the Holders as a  part of the written
notice given pursuant to this Section 6.14(b). In such  event the right of
the Holders to registration pursuant to this Section  6.14(b) shall be
conditioned upon the Holders participation in such  underwriting and the
inclusion of the Holder\'s Registrable Securities in  the underwriting to the
extent provided herein. The Holder shall, if it  proposes to distribute its
securities through such underwriting (together  with HCC and other
shareholders distributing their securities through such  underwriting) enter
into an underwriting agreement in customary form with  the representative of
the underwriter or underwriters selected by HCC.  Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Section 6.14(b), if the  representative of the underwriters
advises HCC that marketing factors  require a limitation or elimination on
the number of shares to be  underwritten, the representative     may
limit the number of Registrable Securities to be included in the 
registration and underwriting. HCC shall so advise all holders of  securities
that are entitled to be included in the registration and  underwriting and
participation shall be allocated first to HCC for  securities being sold for
its own account, and the balance, if any, of the  number of shares that may
be included in the registration statement and  underwriting shall be
allocated among the Holders and other shareholders in  proportion, as nearly
as practicable, to the respective amounts of shares  which they had requested
to be included in such registration at the time of  filing the registration
statement.   (c) Expenses of Registration. HCC shall pay all Registration
Expenses  (as hereafter defined) in connection with any registration,
qualification  or compliance pursuant to this Section 6.14, and each Holder
shall pay all  Selling Expenses (as hereafter defined) and other expenses
that are not  Registration Expenses relating to the Registrable Securities
resold by him  or her. For purposes of this Section 6.14, "Registration
Expenses" shall  mean all expenses, except as otherwise stated below,
incurred by HCC in  complying with Sections 6.14(a), 6.14(b) and 6.14(d),
including, without  limitation, all registration, qualification and filing
fees, printing  expenses, escrow fees, fees and disbursements of counsel for
HCC, blue sky  fees and expenses and the expense of any special audits
incident to or  required by any such registration and the reasonable fees and
expenses of  one counsel for all of the selling Holders up to a maximum of
$25,000. For  purposes of this Section 6.14(c), "Selling Expenses" shall mean
all selling  discounts, commissions and stock transfer or other Taxes
applicable to the  Registrable Securities and all fees and disbursements of
counsel for any  Holder.   (d) Registration Procedures. In the case of any
registration effected by  HCC pursuant to this Section 6.14, HCC will keep
each Holder advised in  writing as to the initiation of each registration and
as to the completion  thereof. HCC will:   (i) Not less than ten (10) days
prior to the filing of a  Registration Statement or any related prospectus or
any amendment or  supplement thereto (including any document that would be
incorporated  or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference), (A) furnish
to the  Holders and their designated counsel, and any managing
underwriters,  copies of all such documents proposed to be filed, which
documents  (other than those incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by 
reference) will be subject to the review of such Holders, their counsel  and
such managing underwriters, and (B) cause its officers and  directors,
counsel and independent certified public accountants to  respond to such
inquiries as shall be necessary, in the reasonable  opinion of respective
counsel to such Holders and such underwriters, to  conduct a reasonable
investigation within the meaning of the Securities  Act.   (ii) (A) Prepare
and file with the SEC such amendments, including  post-effective amendments,
to the Registration Statement and the  prospectus used in connection
therewith as may be necessary to keep the  Registration Statement
continuously effective for the Effectiveness  Period; (B) cause the related
prospectus to be amended or supplemented  by any required prospectus
supplement, and as so supplemented or  amended to be filed pursuant to Rule
424 (or any similar provisions  then in force); (C) respond as promptly as
reasonably possible to any  comments received from the SEC with respect to
the Registration  Statement or any amendment thereto and as promptly as
reasonably  possible provide the Holders true and complete copies of all 
correspondence from and to the SEC relating to the Registration  Statement;
and (D) comply in all material respects with the provisions  of the
Securities Act and the Exchange Act with respect to the  disposition of all
Merger Shares covered by the Registration Statement  during the Effectiveness
Period.   (iii) File such supplements or attach "stickers" to the
Registration  Statement or prospectus as and when required by the SEC to
evidence a  material amount of resales by a Holder pursuant to a
prospectus.   (iv) Notify the Holders of Merger Shares to be sold, their 
designated counsel and any managing underwriters as promptly as  reasonably
possible (and, in the case of (A)(1) below, not less than  five (5) days (or,
in the case of a supplement or "sticker" required to  be filed or attached,
within     two (2) days) prior to such filing) and (if requested by any
such  person) confirm such notice in writing no later than two (2) days 
following the day (A)(1) when a prospectus or any prospectus supplement  or
post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement is proposed  to be
filed; (2) when the SEC notifies HCC whether there will be a  "review" of
such Registration Statement and whenever the SEC comments  in writing on such
Registration Statement (HCC shall provide true and  complete copies thereof
and all written responses thereto to each of  the Holders and to their
designated counsel); and (3) with respect to  the Registration Statement or
any post-effective amendment, when the  same has become effective; (B) of any
request by the SEC or any other  Governmental Entity for amendments or
supplements to the Registration  Statement or prospectus or for additional
information; (C) of the  issuance by the SEC of any stop order suspending the
effectiveness of  the Registration Statement covering any or all of the
Merger Shares or  the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose; and (D)
in the case  of Underwritten Offerings, if at any time any of the
representations  and warranties of HCC contained in any agreement (including
any  underwriting agreement) contemplated hereby ceases to be true and 
correct in all material respects; (E) of the receipt by HCC of any 
notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or 
exemption from qualification of any of the Merger Shares for sale in  any
jurisdiction, or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding  for such
purpose; and (F) of the occurrence of any event or passage of  time that
makes the financial statements included in the Registration  Statement
ineligible for inclusion therein or any statement made in the  Registration
Statement or prospectus or any document incorporated or  deemed to be
incorporated therein by reference untrue in any material  respect or that
requires any revisions to the Registration Statement,  prospectus or other
documents so that, in the case of the Registration  Statement or the
prospectus, as the case may be, it will not contain  any untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state any material  fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements  therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not  misleading.   (v) Use its
reasonable best efforts to avoid the issuance of, or, if  issued, obtain the
withdrawal of (A) any order suspending the  effectiveness of the Registration
Statement, or (B) any suspension of  the qualification (or exemption from
qualification) of any of the  Merger Shares for sale in any jurisdiction, at
the earliest practicable  moment.   (vi) If requested by any managing
underwriter or the Holders of a  majority of the Merger Shares to be sold in
connection with an  Underwritten Offering, (A) promptly incorporate in a
prospectus  supplement or post-effective amendment to the Registration
Statement  such information as such managing underwriters and such Holders 
reasonably agree should be included therein, and (B) make all required 
filings of such prospectus supplement or such post-effective amendment  as
soon as practicable after HCC has received notification of the  matters to be
incorporated in such prospectus supplement or post-  effective amendment;
provided, however, that HCC shall not be required  to take any action
pursuant to this subsection (vi) that would, in the  opinion of counsel for
HCC, violate applicable law or be materially  detrimental to the business
prospects of HCC.   (vii) Furnish to each Holder, their designated counsel
and any  managing underwriters, without charge, at least one (1) conformed
copy  of each Registration Statement and each amendment thereto, including 
financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated or  deemed to
be incorporated therein by reference, and all exhibits to the  extent
requested by such person (including those previously furnished  or
incorporated by reference) promptly after the filing of such  documents with
the SEC.   (viii) Promptly deliver to each Holder, their designated
counsel,  and any underwriters, without charge, as many copies of the
prospectus  or prospectuses (including each form of prospectus) and each
amendment  or supplement thereto as such persons may reasonably request; and
HCC  hereby consents to the use of such prospectus and each amendment or 
supplement thereto by each of the selling Holders and any underwriters  in
connection with the offering and sale of the Merger Shares covered  by such
prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto.     (ix) Prior to any
public offering of Merger Shares, use its  commercially reasonable efforts to
register or qualify or cooperate  with the selling Holders, any underwriters
and their designated counsel  in connection with the registration or
qualification (or exemption from  such registration or qualification) of such
Merger Shares for offer and  sale under the securities or Blue Sky laws of
such jurisdictions within  the United States as any Holder or underwriter
requests in writing, to  keep each such registration or qualification (or
exemption therefrom)  effective during the Effectiveness Period and to do any
and all other  acts or things necessary or advisable to enable the
disposition in such  jurisdictions of the Merger Shares covered by a
Registration Statement;  provided, however, that HCC shall not be required to
qualify generally  to do business in any jurisdiction where it is not then so
qualified or  to take any action that would subject it to general service of
process  in any such jurisdiction where it is not then so subject or subject
HCC  to any material tax in any such jurisdiction where it is not then so 
subject.   (x) Cooperate with the Holders and any managing underwriters to 
facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates  representing
Merger Shares to be delivered to a transferee pursuant to  a Registration
Statement, which certificates shall be free of all  restrictive legends, and
to enable such Merger Shares to be in such  denominations and registered in
such names as any such managing  underwriters or Holders may request.  
(xi) Upon the occurrence of any event contemplated by Section  (iv)(F)
hereof, as promptly as reasonably possible, prepare a  supplement or
amendment, including a post-effective amendment, to the  Registration
Statement or a supplement to the related prospectus or any  document
incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by  reference, and file any
other required document so that, as thereafter  delivered, neither the
Registration Statement nor such prospectus will  contain an untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a  material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the  statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were  made, not misleading.   (xii) Use its
reasonable best efforts to cause all Merger Shares  relating to such
Registration Statement to be listed on each securities  exchange or quotation
system on which similar securities issued by HCC  are then listed or quoted,
and in connection therewith to file with the  Nasdaq National Market (or such
other exchange or quotation system as  is then the principal trading market
for HCC\'s common stock) an  application for listing of additional shares
with respect to the Merger  Shares.   (xiii) Provide a transfer agent and
registrar for all Merger Shares  registered pursuant to the Registration
Statement and a CUSIP number  for all such Merger Shares, in each case not
later than the effective  date of the Registration Statement.   (xiv) Enter
into such agreements (including an underwriting  agreement in form, scope and
substance as is customary in Underwritten  Offerings) and take all such other
reasonable actions in connection  therewith (including those reasonably
requested by any managing  underwriters and the Holders of a majority of the
Merger Shares being  sold) in order to expedite or facilitate the disposition
of such Merger  Shares, and whether or not an underwriting agreement is
entered into,  (A) make such representations and warranties to such Holders
and such  underwriters as are customarily made by issuers to underwriters
in  underwritten public offerings (subject to the scheduling of appropriate 
exceptions to insure such representations and warranties are accurate),  and
confirm the same if and when requested; (B) in the case of an  Underwritten
Offering obtain and deliver copies thereof to each Holder  and the managing
underwriters, if any, of opinions of counsel to HCC  and updates thereof
addressed to each Holder and each such underwriter,  in form, scope and
substance reasonably satisfactory to any such  managing underwriters and the
designated counsel of the selling Holders  covering the matters customarily
covered in opinions requested in  Underwritten Offerings and such other
matters as may be reasonably  requested by such designated counsel and
underwriters; (C) use its  reasonable best efforts immediately prior to the
effectiveness of the  Registration Statement, and, in the case of an
Underwritten Offering,  at the time of delivery of any Merger Shares sold
pursuant thereto,  deliver copies to the Holders and the managing
underwriters, if     any, of "cold comfort" letters and updates thereof
obtained from the  independent certified public accountants of HCC (and, if
necessary, any  other independent certified public accountants of any
subsidiary of HCC  or of any business acquired by HCC for which financial
statements and  financial data is, or is required to be, included in the
Registration  Statement); (D) if an underwriting agreement is entered into,
the same  shall contain customary indemnification provisions and procedures 
acceptable to the managing underwriters, if any, and holders of a  majority
of Merger Shares participating in such Underwritten Offering);  and (E)
deliver such documents and certificates as may be reasonably  requested by
the Holders of a majority of the Merger Shares being sold,  their designated
counsel and any managing underwriters to evidence the  continued validity of
the representations and warranties made pursuant  to clause (A) above and to
evidence compliance with any customary  conditions contained in the
underwriting agreement or other agreement  entered into by HCC.   (xv) Make
available for inspection by the selling Holders, any  representative of such
Holders, any underwriter participating in any  disposition of Merger Shares,
and any attorney or accountant retained  by such selling Holders or
underwriters, at the offices where normally  kept, during reasonable business
hours, all financial and other  records, pertinent corporate documents and
properties of HCC and its  subsidiaries, and cause the officers, directors,
agents and employees  of HCC and its subsidiaries to supply all information
in each case  reasonably requested by any such Holder, representative,
underwriter,  attorney or accountant in connection with the Registration
Statement;  provided, however, that any information that is determined in
good  faith by HCC in writing to be of a confidential nature at the time of 
delivery of such information shall be kept confidential by such  Persons,
unless (W) disclosure of such information is required by court  or
administrative order or is necessary to respond to inquiries of  regulatory
authorities; (X) disclosure of such information, in the  opinion of counsel
to such person, is required by law; (Y) such  information becomes generally
available to the public other than as a  result of a disclosure or failure to
safeguard by such person; or (Z)  such information becomes available to such
person from a source other  than HCC and such source is not known by such
person to be bound by a  confidentiality agreement with HCC.   (xvi) Comply
with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC.   (e) Information by
Holder. Each Holder of Registrable Securities shall  furnish to HCC such
information regarding such Holder and the distribution  proposed by such
Holder as HCC may reasonably request in connection with  any registration,
qualification or compliance referred to in this Section  6.14, but only to
the extent that such information is required in order for  HCC to comply with
its obligations under all applicable securities and  other laws and to ensure
that the Registration Statement relating to such  Registrable Securities
conforms to the applicable requirements of the  Securities Act and the rules
and regulations thereunder. Each Holder  covenants that it will promptly
notify HCC of any changes in the  information set forth in the Registration
Statement or otherwise provided  by such Holder to HCC regarding such Holder
or such Holder\'s plan of  distribution as a result of which the Registration
Statement or any  prospectus relating to the Registrable Securities contains
or would contain  an untrue statement of a material fact regarding such
Holder or its  intended method of distribution of such Registrable Securities
or omits to  state any material fact regarding such Holder or its intended
method of  distribution of such Registrable Securities required to be stated
therein  or necessary to make the statements therein, not misleading.   (f)
Indemnification and Contribution.   (i) HCC agrees to indemnify and hold
harmless each Holder from and  against any losses, claims, damages or
liabilities (or actions or  proceedings in respect thereof) to which such
Holder may become subject  (under the Securities Act or otherwise) insofar as
such losses, claims,  damages or liabilities (or actions or proceedings in
respect thereof)  arise out of, or are based upon, any untrue statement,
alleged untrue  statement, omission or alleged omission of a material fact in
the     Registration Statement, any prospectus included in the
Registration  Statement, or any amendment or supplement to the Registration
Statement  or any such prospectus, or any violation or alleged violation by
HCC of  the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any state law, rule or
regulation  promulgated thereunder, and HCC will, as incurred, reimburse
such  Holder for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in 
investigating, defending or preparing to defend any such action,  proceeding
or claim; provided, however, that the indemnity contained in  this Section
6.14(f)(1) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement  of any such loss,
claim, damage, liability, or action if such  settlement is effected without
the consent of HCC (which consent shall  not be unreasonably withheld), nor
shall HCC be liable in any such case  to the extent that such loss, claim,
damage or liability arises out of,  or is based upon (A) an untrue statement
or alleged untrue statement  made in such Registration Statement in reliance
upon and in conformity  with written information furnished to HCC by such
Holder specifically  furnished for use in preparation of the Registration
Statement, (B) the  failure of such Holder to comply with any of the
covenants and  agreements contained in this Section 6.14, or (C) any untrue
statement  in any prospectus that is corrected in any subsequent prospectus
that  was delivered to the Holder prior to the pertinent sale or sales by
the  Holder.   (ii) Each Holder, severally and not jointly, agrees to
indemnify and  hold harmless HCC from and against any losses, claims, damages
or  liabilities (or actions or proceedings in respect thereof) to which HCC 
may become subject (under the Securities Act or otherwise) insofar as  such
losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions or proceedings  in respect
thereof) arise out of, or are based upon (A) an untrue  statement, alleged
untrue statement, omission or alleged omission of a  material fact in the
Registration Statement, any prospectus included in  the Registration
Statement, or any amendment or supplement to the  Registration Statement or
any such prospectus in reliance upon and in  conformity with written
information furnished to HCC by such Holder in  an instrument executed by
such Holder and specifically stated to be for  use in preparation of the
Registration Statement, or any violation or  alleged violation by Holder of
the Securities Act, the Exchange Act,  any state law, rule or regulation
promulgated thereunder, provided,  however, the indemnity contained in this
Section 6.14(f)(ii) shall not  apply to amounts paid in settlement of any
such loss, claim, damage,  liability, or action if such settlement is
effected without the consent  of Holder (which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld), and  provided that no Holder shall be liable in any
such case for any untrue  statement included in any Prospectus which
statement has been corrected  in a writing delivered to HCC at least two
business days before the  sale from which such loss arose, (B) the failure of
such Holder to  comply with any of the covenants and agreements contained in
Section  6.14, or (C) any untrue statement in any Prospectus that is
corrected  in any subsequent Prospectus that was delivered to the Holder
prior to  the pertinent sale or sales by the Holder; and each Holder,
severally  and not jointly, will, as incurred, reimburse HCC for any legal
or  other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, defending or 
preparing to defend any such action, proceeding or claim. In no event  shall
the amount payable by any Holder to HCC pursuant to this Section  6.14(f) by
reason of a sale of HCC Common Stock by such Holder exceed  the amount of the
net proceeds to such Holder from the sale of HCC  Common Stock from which
such liability arose.   (iii) Promptly after receipt by any indemnified
person under  subsections (i) or (ii) above of a notice of a claim or the
beginning  of any action in respect of which indemnity is to be sought
against an  indemnifying person pursuant to this Section 6.14(f), such
indemnified  person shall notify the indemnifying person in writing of such
claim or  of the commencement of such action (provided, however, that no
failure  to provide such notice shall relieve any indemnifying person of
any  liability hereunder except to the extent that such indemnifying person 
is prejudiced thereby), and, subject to the provisions hereinafter  stated,
in case any such action shall be brought against an indemnified  person and
the indemnifying person shall have been notified thereof,  the indemnifying
person shall be entitled to participate therein, and,  to the extent that it
shall wish, to assume the defense thereof, with  counsel reasonably
satisfactory to the indemnified person. After notice  from the indemnifying
person to such indemnified person of the  indemnifying person\'s election to
assume the defense thereof, the  indemnifying person shall not be liable to
such indemnified person for  any legal expenses     subsequently incurred
by such indemnified person in connection with the  defense thereof; provided,
however, that, if the indemnifying person  shall propose that the same
counsel represent it and the indemnified  person, and if counsel for the
indemnified person shall reasonably have  concluded that there is an actual
conflict of interest posed by the  representation proposed by the
indemnifying person, the indemnified  person shall be entitled to retain its
own counsel reasonably  satisfactory to the indemnifying person at the
expense of such  indemnifying person; provided, however that if more than
one  indemnified person makes a claim against an indemnifying person based 
on substantially similar facts, the indemnifying person shall not be 
responsible for the fees of more than one counsel for all indemnified 
persons whose claims are based on substantially similar facts.   (iv) if the
indemnification provided for in this Section 6.14(f) is  unavailable to or
insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party  under subsection (i) or
(ii) above in respect of any losses, claims,  damages or liabilities (or
actions or proceedings in respect thereof)  referred to therein, then each
indemnifying party shall contribute to  the amount paid or payable by such
indemnified party as a result of  such losses, claims, damages or liabilities
(or actions in respect  thereof), in such proportion as is appropriate to
reflect the relative  fault of each such party, as well as any other relevant
equitable  considerations, provided, however, that any contribution by a
Holder  shall not exceed the net proceeds to such Holder for the sale of
HCC  Common Stock from which such liability arose, except in the case of 
willful fraud by such Holder. The relative fault shall be determined by 
reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue 
statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to  state a
material fact relates to information supplied by HCC on the one  hand or a
Holder on the other and the parties\' relative intent,  knowledge, access to
information and opportunity to correct or prevent  such statement or
omission. HCC and the Holders agree that it would not  be just and equitable
if contribution pursuant to this Section 6.14(f)  were determined by any
method of allocation which does not take account  of the equitable
considerations referred to above in this Section  6.14(f)(iv). The amount
paid or payable by an indemnified party as a  result of the losses, claims,
damages, or liabilities (or actions in  respect thereof) referred to above in
this Section 6.14(f)(iv) shall be  deemed to include any legal or other
expenses reasonably incurred by  such indemnified party in connection with
investigating or defending  any such action, proceeding or claim. No person
guilty of fraudulent  misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f)
of the  Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person
who  was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.   (v) The
obligations of the HCC and the Holders under this Section  6.14(f) shall be
in addition to any liability which HCC and the  respective Holders may
otherwise have and shall extend, upon the same  terms and conditions, to each
director and officer of HCC or any  Holder, and to each person, if any, who
controls HCC or any Holder  within the meaning of the Securities Act or the
Exchange Act.   (g) Restrictive Legend. Each certificate representing Merger
Shares  shall bear substantially the following legend (in addition to any
legends  required under applicable securities laws):   THE SHARES
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR  INVESTMENT PURPOSES
ONLY AND HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE  SECURITIES ACT OF 1933. THE
SHARES MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED IN  THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR
AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM.   And with respect to Affiliates of VCI, shall bear
the following additional  legend:   THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS
CERTIFICATE HAVE BEEN ISSUED IN A  TRANSACTION TO WHICH RULE 145 PROMULGATED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT  APPLIES, AND MAY ONLY BE TRANSFERRED (1) IN
CONFORMITY WITH RULE  145, (2) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT, OR (3) IN  ACCORDANCE WITH A WRITTEN OPINION OF COUNSEL,
REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE  TO THE ISSUER, IN FORM AND SUBSTANCE TO THE EFFECT
THAT     SUCH TRANSFER IS EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT  OF 1933.   The legends contained in this Section 6.14(g) shall be
removed from a  certificate in connection with any sale in compliance with
the terms of  this Agreement and pursuant to the Resale Registration
Statement or a  registration statement covered by Section 6.14(b), or
pursuant to Rule 144  (if accompanied by any legal opinion reasonably
required by the HCC), but  shall not be removed in any other circumstance
without HCC\'s prior written  consent (which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed and  shall be granted if such legend is no
longer appropriate).   (h) Rule 144 Reporting. With a view to making
available the benefits of  certain rules and regulations of the SEC which may
at any time permit the  sale of the Registrable Securities to the public
without registration, HCC  agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to:  
(i) Make and keep public information available, as those terms are 
understood and defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act, at all  times
after the Merger;   (ii) File with the SEC in a timely manner all reports
and other  documents required of HCC under the Securities Act and the
Exchange  Act; and   (iii) So long as a Holder owns any Registrable
Securities, to  furnish to that Holder forthwith upon request a written
statement by  HCC as to its compliance with the reporting requirements of
said  Rule 144, and of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, a copy of
the  most recent annual or quarterly report of HCC, and such other reports 
and documents of HCC as such Holder may reasonably request in availing 
itself of any rule or regulation of the SEC allowing such Holder to  sell any
such Registrable Securities without registration.   6.15 Tax Matters.  
(a) HCC shall cause to be prepared and filed any required Tax Returns  due to
be filed by VCI or any of its Subsidiaries after the Closing Date.  The
Stockholder Representative shall be responsible for preparation and  filing
of Tax Returns of Vitamins.com, LLC for its final taxable year ended  August
15, 1999. HCC shall timely pay or cause to be paid all Taxes shown  to be due
on such Tax Returns, without prejudice to any right to indemnity  which the
HCC Parties may have pursuant to Section 9.2 of this Agreement  with respect
to such Taxes.   (b) For each Tax Return that HCC shall prepare (or cause to
be prepared)  with respect to VCI or any Subsidiary for any taxable period
which includes  any period ending on or prior to the Closing Date, HCC shall,
not less than  30 days prior to the date on which each such Tax Return is
required to be  filed, provide a copy of such Tax Return to the Stockholder
Representative  for comment and review. The Stockholder Representative shall
have the right  to direct HCC to adopt any filing position in such Tax Return
if (i) such  position is supported by a "more likely than not" opinion of
reputable tax  counsel and (ii) the reporting position initially proposed by
HCC on such  Tax Return would result in Holders\' liability for
indemnification pursuant  to Section 9.2 hereof. HCC shall cause all such Tax
Returns to be prepared  in a manner consistent with the methodology of VCI
and its Subsidiaries  used in prior taxable years, except as otherwise
required by applicable law  or regulations.   (c) HCC shall not file, nor
cause to be filed, on behalf of VCI or any  Subsidiary any amended Tax Return
with respect to a taxable period (or  portion of a period) ending on or prior
to the Closing Date without the  prior written consent of the Stockholder
Representative (which consent  shall not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed), unless (i) HCC agrees to  release the Holders from liability for
indemnification pursuant to Section  9.2 hereof, if any, which results from
such amended Tax Return, or  (ii) such amendment is compelled by the relevant
taxing authority.   (d) HCC and VCI and the Stockholder Representative agree
to cooperate  with one another in the preparation of any Tax Return pursuant
to this  Section 6.15 and amendment of any Tax Return for periods    
referred to in Section 6.15(c) hereof, and to negotiate in good faith 
regarding the Tax reporting positions to be taken on such Tax Returns. Any 
costs of preparing an amended Tax Return at the request of the Stockholder 
Representative shall be subject to reimbursement or indemnification out of 
the Escrow Fund. VCI shall be entitled to direct an election to file 
consolidated, combined or unitary returns with its Subsidiaries for the 
taxable period ending on or before the Closing Date by notice to HCC on or 
before the Closing Date, unless HCC agrees to release the Holders from 
liability for indemnification pursuant to Section 9.2 hereof for any 
increase in tax liability attributable to the failure to file on a 
consolidated basis as requested by VCI.   6.16 Interim Operations of VCI.
HCC agrees that during the period commencing on the date of this Agreement
and ending on the Closing Date it shall advance to or on behalf of VCI such
amounts in cash, up to a maximum of $3,000,000, as may be reasonably
requested by VCI from time to time in writing to allow VCI to operate in the
Ordinary Course of Business. Each amount advanced by HCC to VCI shall be
represented by a promissory note providing for interest at the rate of the
Wells Fargo Bank prime rate plus 3% per annum and payment on the earlier
of (i) one year after the date thereof, or (ii) the closing by VCI of
any financing that raises $10,000,000 or more.   6.17 Issuance of
Additional Shares by HCC. Commencing on the date of this Agreement and
continuing through Closing, if HCC shall issue or sell any shares of its
capital stock which, in the aggregate, exceeds two percent (2%) of the total
issued and outstanding shares of HCC capital stock, as determined on the date
of this Agreement, HCC shall use commercially reasonable efforts to
obtain Voting Agreements with respect to such excess shares issued.   6.18
Payment of Dividends by HCC. Between the date of this Agreement and
the Closing Date, HCC agrees not to, without the consent of VCI (such consent
not to be unreasonably withheld), declare or pay any dividend or otherwise
make a distribution with respect to its capital stock, other than a stock
dividend of shares of HCC common stock, or to repurchase or offer to
repurchase any shares of HCC capital stock (other than repurchases of HCC
capital stock pursuant to written agreements with its employees which were in
existence on the date of this Agreement).   ARTICLE VII   CONDITIONS TO
THE MERGER   7.1 Conditions to Obligations of Each Party to Effect the
Merger. The respective obligations of each party to this Agreement to
consummate and effect this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby
shall be subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the Effective Time of
each of the following conditions, any of which may be waived, in writing, by
agreement of all the parties hereto:   (a) No Injunctions or Restraints;
Illegality. No temporary restraining  order, preliminary or permanent
injunction or other order or prohibition  issued by any Governmental Entity
shall be in effect, nor shall any action  or proceeding seeking any of the
foregoing be pending, that would prevent  the consummation of the Merger or
restrict the operation of the business of  VCI.   (b) Governmental
Approval. HCC, VCI and Acquisition Corporation and  their respective
subsidiaries shall have timely obtained from each  Governmental Entity all
approvals, waivers and consents necessary for  consummation of or in
connection with the Merger and the several  transactions contemplated hereby,
including such approvals, waivers and  consents as may be required under the
Securities Act under state blue sky  laws and DCL.   (c) HSR Act
Compliance. All waiting, review and investigation periods  (and any
extensions thereof) applicable to the consummation of the Merger  under the
HSR Act shall have expired or been terminated.     7.2 Additional
Conditions to Obligations of HCC and Acquisition Corp. The obligations of HCC
and Acquisition Corp. to consummate the Merger are subject to the
fulfillment, at or before the Closing of all the following conditions, any
one or more of which may be waived by HCC.   (a) Representations and
Warranties. The representations and warranties  of VCI contained in this
Agreement shall be true in all material respects  (except for such
representations and warranties as are qualified by their  terms by a
reference to materiality, which representations and warranties  as so
qualified shall be true in all respects) as of the Closing as though  such
representations were made on and as of such time; provided, however,  that if
as of the Closing Date the sum of (1) reasonably anticipated Losses  arising
out of the failure of the representations and warranties to be true  and
correct in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and  (2)
reasonably anticipated Losses arising out of the failure of the 
representations and warranties that were true and correct in all material 
respects as of the date of this Agreement to be true and correct as of the 
Closing Date is no more than 10% of the Numerator, then in such event HCC 
shall not have the right to terminate this Agreement based upon the non- 
satisfaction of this condition but rather shall have recourse for such 
Losses against the Escrow Fund in accordance with the terms and procedures 
of the Escrow Agreement.   (b) Covenants Performed. All of the obligations
of VCI to be performed  at or before the Closing pursuant to the terms of
this Agreement shall have  been duly performed in all material respects.  
(c) Certificate. At the Closing, HCC shall have received a certificate 
signed by the Chief Executive Officer of VCI to the effect that the 
conditions set forth in Sections 7.2(a) and 7.2(b) have been satisfied.  
(d) Stockholder Approval. The stockholders of HCC shall have duly  approved
this Agreement and the Merger Agreement in accordance with the  rules of the
Nasdaq National Market.   (e) Dissenting VCI Shares. The aggregate number of
Dissenting VCI Shares  shall not exceed 2 percent of the aggregate of the
outstanding shares of  capital stock of VCI.   (f) Opinion of Counsel to
VCI. Counsel to VCI, shall have issued an  opinion in favor of HCC in the
form of Exhibit J hereto.   (g) Resignations. VCI shall have delivered to
HCC signed resignations  from the Board of Directors of VCI and its
Subsidiaries.   (h) Merger Agreement. The Merger Agreement shall have been
filed with  the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and shall have
become  effective.   7.3 Additional Conditions to Obligations of VCI. The
obligations of VCI to consummate the Merger are subject to the fulfillment,
at or before the Closing, of all of the following conditions, any one or more
of which may be waived by VCI:   (a) Representations and Warranties True at
Closing. The representations  and warranties of HCC and Acquisition Corp.
contained in this Agreement  shall be true in all material respects except
for such representations and  warranties as are qualified by their terms by a
reference to materiality,  which representations and warranties as so
qualified shall be true in all  respects as of the Closing, as though such
representations were made on and  as of such time.   (b) Covenants
Performed. All of the obligations of HCC and Acquisition  Corp. to be
performed at or before the Closing pursuant to the terms of  this Agreement
shall have been duly performed in all material respects.   (c) Certificate.
At the Closing, VCI shall have received a certificate  signed by the Chief
Executive Officer of each of HCC and Acquisition Corp.  to the effect that
the conditions set forth in Sections 7.3(a) and 7.3(b)  have been
satisfied.   (d) Stockholder Approval. The stockholders of Acquisition Corp.
and HCC  shall have duly approved this Agreement and the Merger
Agreement.     (e) Opinion of Counsel to HCC. Counsel to HCC, shall have
issued an  opinion in favor of VCI in the form of Exhibit K.   (f) Nasdaq
Notification. HCC shall have notified Nasdaq of the proposed  issuance of HCC
common stock pursuant to the Merger and upon exercise of  the stock options
of VCI assumed by HCC pursuant to the Merger and such  stock shall have been
approved for quotation on the Nasdaq National Market.   (g) Merger
Agreement. The Merger Agreement shall have been filed with  the Secretary of
State of the State of Delaware and shall have become  effective.   ARTICLE
VIII   TERMINATION   8.1 Termination. At any time prior to the Effective
Time, whether before or after approval of the matters presented in connection
with the Merger by the shareholders of HCC or VCI, this Agreement be
terminated:   (a) by mutual consent of HCC and VCI;   (b) by VCI, by
giving written notice to HCC that HCC is in material  breach of any
representation, warranty, or covenant of HCC contained in  this Agreement,
which breach shall not have been cured, if subject to cure,  within 15
calendar days following receipt by HCC of written notice of such  breach;  
(c) by HCC, by giving written notice to the Stockholder Representative  that
VCI is in material breach of any representation or warranty (unless,  the
Stockholder Representative has exercised its option pursuant to Section 
7.2(a) hereof to increase the Escrow Fund) or covenant contained in this 
Agreement, which breach shall not have been cured, if subject to cure, 
within 15 calendar days following receipt by the Stockholder Representative 
of written notice of such breach.   (d) by HCC, by giving written notice to
VCI, if the Closing shall not  have occurred on or before September 30, 2000,
or such later date as is  agreed to by the Boards of Directors of both VCI
and HCC, by reason of the  failure of any condition precedent under Section
7.1 or 7.2 (unless the  failure results primarily from a breach by HCC of any
representation,  warranty, or covenant of HCC contained in this Agreement or
HCC\'s failure  to fulfill a condition precedent to closing or other
default); or   (e) by VCI, by giving written notice to HCC, of the Closing
shall not  have occurred on or before September 30, 2000, or such later date
as is  agreed to by the Boards of Directors of both VCI and HCC, by reason of
the  failure of any condition precedent under Section 7.1 or 7.3 (unless
the  failure results primarily from a breach by VCI of any representation, 
warranty, or covenant of VCI contained in this Agreement or VCI\'s failure 
to fulfill a condition precedent to closing or other default).   8.2 Effect
of Termination. In the event of termination of this Agreement as provided in
Section 8.1, this Agreement shall forthwith become void and there shall be no
liability or obligation on the part of HCC or VCI or their respective
officers, directors, shareholders or affiliates, except to the extent that
such termination results from the material breach by a party hereto of any of
its representations, warranties or covenants set fort in this Agreement;
provided that, the provisions of Section 6.2 relating to confidentiality this
Section 8.2, Section 8.3 and Section 9.2 shall remain in full force and
effect and survive any termination of this Agreement.   8.3 HCC Obligation
to Purchase VCI Shares. In the event that Closing does not occur for any
reason whatsoever, other than as the direct result of VCI\'s breach of any of
its representations, warranties and covenants hereunder, HCC shall upon
written demand promptly given by VCI purchase from VCI for $1.00 per share
the number of shares of VCI\'s Series C Preferred Stock determined
by subtracting from $6,000,000 the amount owed to HCC as a result of loans
made pursuant to Section 6.16 hereof and dividing the result thereof by
$1.00. Closing on such purchase shall occur at VCI\'s principal office within
15 calendar days after any such    demand. At the closing of such
purchase, HCC shall tender by wire transfer to VCI\'s designated account the
purchase price so determined, and VCI shall tender to HCC a stock certificate
representing the shares purchased. The dollar and share amounts provided for
herein shall be appropriately adjusted in the event of any stock dividend,
stock split or other similar change in the capitalization of VCI.   ARTICLE
IX   SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; INDEMNIFICATION   9.1
Survival of Representations and Warranties. All statements contained in any
exhibit, certificate, schedule or other instrument delivered or to
be delivered by or on behalf of the parties hereto, or in connection with
the transactions contemplated hereby, shall be deemed representations
and warranties hereunder. All such representations, warranties, and
indemnification rights contained herein shall survive the Closing and any
audit or investigation made by or on behalf of the parties, but shall expire
on the earlier of the date that is twelve (12) months after the Effective
Time or the date on which HCC issues its first independent audit report for
the combined entities, and no claims for indemnification hereunder may be
made after such date.   9.2 Indemnification by Holders.   (a) The
Holders, by their approval of this Agreement and the Merger,  shall be deemed
to have agreed jointly, but only to the extent of the  Escrow Fund, to
indemnify and hold HCC and its directors, officers,  employees, fiduciaries,
agents and Affiliates, and each other person, if  any, who controls such
persons (collectively, the "HCC Parties") harmless  against any claims,
actions, suits, proceedings, investigations, losses,  expenses, damages,
obligations, liabilities, judgments, fines, fees, costs  and expenses
(including costs and reasonable attorneys\' fees) and amounts  paid in
settlement of any pending, threatened or completed claim, action,  suit,
proceeding or investigation (collectively "Loss" or "Losses") which  arise
out of or result from or are related to (i) any breach by or failure  of VCI
to perform any of its covenants or agreements set forth herein, (ii)  the
inaccuracy of any representation or warranty made by VCI herein, or  (iii)
any amounts paid, in settlement or otherwise, of the matters  described in
Sections 3.2(b) and 3.15 of the VCI Disclosure Schedule.   (b) If the HCC
Parties are entitled to indemnification under this  Agreement, they shall be
entitled to recover shares of HCC common stock  pursuant to the Escrow
Agreement (subject to each Holder\'s right under the  Escrow Agreement to
satisfy all or any part of any indemnification  obligation by paying cash in
lieu of HCC common stock) having an aggregate  value, based on the average
closing price used to calculate the Exchange  Ratio, equal to the amount of
its Loss or Losses. The aggregate liability  of the Holders for
indemnification under this Article IX shall not exceed  the Escrow Fund and
the HCC Parties sole and exclusive remedy for  indemnification claims under
this Article IX shall be to seek recovery  against the Escrow Fund.   9.3
Indemnification by HCC. HCC agrees to indemnify and hold VCI, the Holders and
VCI\'s directors, officers, employees, fiduciaries, agents and Affiliates and
each other person, if any, who controls such persons (the "VCI Parties")
harmless against any Loss or Losses which arise out of or result from or are
related to (a) any breach by or failure of HCC to perform any of
its covenants or agreements set forth herein, or (b) the inaccuracy of
any representation or warranty made by HCC herein.   9.4 Limitation.  
(a) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Holders shall be liable for  Losses
incurred as a result of any breach, failure or inaccuracy of any 
representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by VCI herein only if 
the aggregate of such Losses exceeds $300,000, and HCC shall be liable for 
Losses incurred as a result of any breach, failure or inaccuracy of any 
representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by it herein only if 
the aggregate of such Losses exceeds $300,000; provided, however, that the 
$300,000 limitation shall not apply with respect to any breach, failure or 
inaccuracy of any representation and     warranty contained in Section 3.2
hereof or the covenant contained in  Section 5.5 hereof or as to the matters
described in Section 3.2(b) of the  VCI Disclosure Schedule. The aggregate
liability of the Holders for Losses  incurred as a result of any breach,
failure or inaccuracy of any  representation, warranty, covenant or agreement
made by VCI herein shall  not exceed the Escrow Fund and the aggregate
liability of HCC for Losses  incurred as a result of any breach, failure or
inaccuracy of any  representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by it
herein shall not  exceed 10% of the Numerator. The liability of the Holders
for Losses  incurred as a result of any breach, failure or inaccuracy of
any  representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of VCI shall be limited
to  the return of the HCC Common Stock in the Escrow Fund, as provided in
the  Escrow Agreement.   (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
this Agreement, any  amounts payable by the Holders pursuant to Section
9.1(a) or by HCC  pursuant to Section 9.2(b) hereof, shall be appropriately
adjusted to take  into account (i) the amount of any insurance proceeds
received by VCI and  Holders or HCC, as the case may be, in connection with
the indemnification  claim, (ii) the income tax consequences associated with
the tax treatment  of the Loss item in question and any related indemnity
payment and (iii)  any recovery under third party indemnification of VCI.  
9.5 Claims for Indemnification. Whenever any claim shall arise
for indemnification hereunder, the Indemnified Party shall notify in writing
within 30 days (or such earlier time as might be required to avoid
prejudicing the Indemnifying Party\'s position) of receiving notice of or
obtaining actual knowledge of facts constituting the basis of such claim
(whichever occurs first), the Indemnifying Party of the claim and, when
known, the facts constituting the basis for such claim. The failure to notify
the Indemnifying Party will not vitiate the right of the Indemnified Party to
indemnity to the extent the Indemnifying Party is not prejudiced as a result
of such failure. In the event of any claim for indemnification, the
Indemnified Party shall be entitled to full indemnification in the amount
claimed unless, within 30 days after receipt of written notice of a claim for
indemnification, the Indemnifying Party delivers a written notice to the
Indemnified Party objecting to the claim for indemnification, which notice
specifies in reasonable detail the basis for the objection. If the parties
are unable to resolve the dispute within 30 days, the claim for
indemnification shall be settled pursuant to Section 9.7 hereof. In the event
of any such claim for indemnification hereunder resulting from or in
connection with any claim or legal proceedings by a third party, the notice
to the Indemnifying Party shall specify, if known, the amount or an estimate
of the amount of the liability arising therefrom. The Indemnified Party shall
not settle or compromise any claim by a third party for which it is entitled
to indemnification hereunder without the prior written consent of the
Indemnifying Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably delayed,
conditioned or withheld, unless suit shall have been instituted against the
Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party shall not have taken control of
such suit after notification thereof as provided in Section 9.6 below.  
9.6 Defense by Indemnifying Party. In connection with any claims giving
rise to indemnity hereunder resulting from or arising out of any claim or
legal proceeding by a person who is not a party to this Agreement, the
Indemnifying Party at its sole cost and expense may, upon written notice to
the Indemnified Party, assume the defense of any such claim or legal
proceedings; provided that, if by reason of the claim of such third party a
lien, attachment, garnishment or execution has been placed on any material
portion of the property or assets of the Indemnified Party at the time of
such election, the Indemnifying Party, if it desires to exercise the right to
assume the defense, shall furnish a satisfactory indemnity bond to obtain the
release of such lien, attachment, garnishment or execution. The Indemnified
Party shall be entitled to participate in (but not control) the defense of
any such action, with its counsel and at its own expense. If the Indemnifying
Party assumes the defense, it shall take all actions and steps reasonably
necessary to defend or settle any claim against the Indemnified Party. The
Indemnified Party shall reasonably cooperate with the Indemnifying Party in
such defense. In the event that the Indemnifying Party proposes a settlement
to any such claim or legal proceeding, which settlement is satisfactory to
the party instituting such claim or legal proceeding and includes (i) an
unconditional release of the Indemnified Party, from all liability with
respect to such claim or litigation, to the extent that it is reasonably
necessary to provide assurance to the Indemnified Party that the claim will
be finally settled without further liability to the Indemnified Party or the
dismissal of such claim or litigation against the Indemnified    Party
with prejudice and (ii) provision that all damages and settlement payments
are to be made by the Indemnifying Party (subject to the limitations in
Section 9.4 hereof), and the Indemnified Party withholds its consent to
such settlement, then in any such case the Indemnifying Party shall have
no obligation to indemnify the Indemnified Party under this Agreement against
and in respect of the amount by which the damages resulting from a final
judgment relating to such claim or legal proceeding exceeds the amount of the
proposed settlement. In the event that the Indemnifying Party shall assume
the defense of any such claim or legal proceeding and it is later determined
that such claim was not a claim for which the Indemnifying Party is required
to indemnify the Indemnified Party under this Article IX, the Indemnified
Party shall reimburse the Indemnifying Party for all its reasonable costs and
expenses with respect to such defense, including reasonable attorneys\' fees
and disbursements. If the Indemnifying Party does not assume the defense of
any such claim or legal proceeding resulting therefrom within 30 days after
the date of receipt of the notice referred to in Section 9.5 above (or, if
earlier, by the tenth day preceding the day on which an answer or other
pleading must be served in order to prevent judgment by default in favor of
the person asserting such claim), (a) the Indemnified Party may defend
against such claim or legal proceeding, in such manner as it may deem
appropriate, including, but not limited to, settling such claim or legal
proceeding on such terms as the Indemnified Party may deem appropriate, and
(b) the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to participate in (but not
control) the defense of such action, with its counsel and at its own expense.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Holders may not control any matter
involving the consolidated, or combined or unitary Tax Returns of HCC or any
Affiliate of HCC for any taxable period ending after the Closing Date and
(ii) in any such case, HCC agrees to keep the Stockholder Representative
fully informed with respect to such matter which may be the subject to
indemnification hereunder and not to settle or resolve any such matter
without the consent of the Stockholder Representative (which consent may not
be unreasonably withheld or delayed).   9.7 Arbitration.   (a) Either HCC
or the Stockholders Representative may submit a dispute  that has not been
resolved pursuant to the provisions of Section 9.5 above  to arbitration by
filing a written demand for arbitration with the American  Arbitration
Association ("AAA") in Wilmington, Delaware with written notice  to the other
party. The arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with  the Commercial
Dispute Resolution procedures of the AAA, and shall be  conducted by a single
arbitrator who shall be qualified by experience in  complex commercial
disputes and chosen in accordance with the procedures of  the AAA. The
arbitrator so designated shall not be a current or former  employee,
consultant, officer, director or stockholder of any party hereto  or any
Affiliate of any party to this Agreement.   (b) The determination of the
arbitrator as to the resolution of any  dispute shall be binding and
conclusive upon all parties hereto. All  rulings of the arbitrator shall be
in writing and shall be delivered to the  parties hereto. The arbitrator
shall have full discretion to award to  either party or allocate between them
the costs of the arbitration  proceedings, including reasonable attorneys
fees.   (c) Any arbitration pursuant to this Section 9.7 shall be conducted
in  Wilmington, Delaware. Any arbitration award may be entered in and
enforced  by any court having jurisdiction and the parties hereby consent and
commit  themselves to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Delaware
and  the United States District Court for the District of Delaware for
purposes  of the enforcement of any arbitration award.   9.8 Subrogation.
In the event VCI or the Holders shall be required to provide indemnification
under this Article IX, then, to the extent of any such indemnification, VCI
and/or the Holders shall subrogate to, assume and enjoy the benefit of all of
the rights and claims (including cross-claims and counter-claims) of the HCC
Parties in connection with the Loss for which indemnification is provided,
including, without limitation, any rights of the HCC Parties to any surety,
indemnification, reimbursement or contribution against or from other
parties.   9.9 Section 6.14(f) Indemnification. Nothing in this Article 9,
shall affect the provisions in Section 6.14(f) of this Agreement.    
ARTICLE X   MISCELLANEOUS   10.1 Amendment. This Agreement shall not be
amended except by a writing duly executed by both parties and shall not be
amended after it has been approved by the stockholders of HCC or VCI, without
further stockholder approval, if the amendment would alter or change the
Exchange Ratio or have a material adverse effect on the stockholders of HCC
or VCI.   10.2 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including the Exhibits,
Schedules, and other documents delivered pursuant to this Agreement, contains
all the terms and conditions agreed upon by the parties relating to the
subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes all prior agreements,
negotiations, correspondence, undertakings, and communications of the
parties, whether oral or written, respecting that subject matter.   10.3
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to
principles of conflicts of law.   10.4 Headings. The headings contained in
this Agreement are intended for convenience and shall not be used to
determine the rights of the parties.   10.5 Notices. All notices, requests,
demands, and other communications made in connection with this Agreement
shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given on the date
of delivery if delivered by hand delivery or by facsimile to the persons
identified below or two days after mailing by air courier addressed as
follows:   If to HCC or Acquisition Corp.:   HealthCentral.com  6001
Shellmound Street, Suite 800  Emeryville, CA 94608  Attn: C. Fred Toney 
Tel. No. (510) 250-2500  Facsimile No. (510) 250-2525   With a copy to:  
Howard, Rice, Nemerovski, Canady,Falk and Rabkin  A Professional Corporation 
Three Embarcadero Center, Seventh Floor  San Francisco, California 94111 
Attention: Richard W. Canady  Tel. No. (415) 434-1600  Facsimile No. (415)
217-5910   If to VCI (prior to Closing) or Stockholder Representative (after
the Closing):   Vitamins.com, Inc.  2924 Telestar Court  Falls Church, VA
22042  Attn: Robert M. Haft  Tel. No. (703) 849-0800  Facsimile No. (703)
849-8227     With a copy to:   Venable, Baetjer, Howard and Civiletti,
LLP  1615 L Street, N.W., Suite 400  Washington, DC 20036  Attention:
Michael A. Schlesinger  Tel. No. (202) 429-3288  Facsimile No. (202)
429-3231   Such addresses may be changed, from time to time by means of a
notice given in the manner provided in this section.   10.6 Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any
reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to
achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. In any event, all
other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to
the full extent.   10.7 Waiver. Waiver of any term or condition of this
Agreement by any party shall not be construed as a waiver of a subsequent
breach or failure of the same term or condition, or a waiver of any other
term or condition in this Agreement.   10.8 Assignment. Neither party may
assign, by operation of law or otherwise, all or any portion of its rights or
duties under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other
party, which consent may be withheld in the absolute discretion of the party
asked to give consent; provided, however, that Holders may assign their
rights under Section 6.14 hereof to any transferee of their shares of HCC
common stock without the requirement of such consent.   10.9 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be signed in counterparts with the same effect as if the
signatures to each party were upon a single instrument. All counterparts
shall be deemed an original of this Agreement.   10.10 Third Party
Beneficiaries. The Holders shall be third party beneficiaries of this
Agreement.   10.11 Attorneys\' Fees. In the event any dispute arises
hereunder, the arbitrator or the court, as the case may be, shall have the
authority to award costs and attorneys\' fees to the prevailing
party.     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, HCC, Acquisition Corp. and VCI have
executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.  
HEALTHCENTRAL.COM   By: /s/ Albert Greene 
___________________________________  Title: President and Chief Executive 
Officer   HCC ACQUISITION CORP.   By: /s/ C. Fred Toney 
___________________________________  Title: President   VITAMINS.COM,
INC.   By: /s/ Robert M. Haft  ___________________________________  Title:
President    '

