   1  Exhibit
2.1    ================================================================================          
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER    DATED AS OF AUGUST 22, 2002   
BETWEEN    BANKNORTH GROUP, INC.,    AND    AMERICAN FINANCIAL
HOLDINGS,
INC.      ================================================================================       
2     TABLE OF CONTENTS   RECITALS   ARTICLE I   CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS   Page No.  ------- 1.01. Certain
Definitions..............................................1   ARTICLE II  
THE MERGER  2.01. The
Merger.......................................................9 2.02.
Effective Date and Effective Time; Closing......................10   ARTICLE
III   CONSIDERATION; ELECTION AND EXCHANGE PROCEDURES  3.01. Effect on
Capital Stock..........................................10 3.02. Election
Procedures..............................................12 3.03. Exchange
Procedures..............................................14 3.04. No
Fractional Shares.............................................16 3.05.
Company Options..................................................17 3.06.
Company Restricted Shares........................................17  
ARTICLE IV   ACTIONS PENDING ACQUISITION  4.01. Forbearances of the
Company......................................18 4.02. Forbearances of
Parent...........................................21   ARTICLE V  
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  5.01. Disclosure
Schedules.............................................21 5.02.
Standard.........................................................21 5.03.
Representations and Warranties of the Company....................21 5.04.
Representations and Warranties of Parent.........................34  
(i)   3     ARTICLE VI   COVENANTS  Page No.  ------- 6.01.
Reasonable Best Efforts..........................................39 6.02.
Shareholder Approval.............................................39 6.03.
Registration Statement...........................................39 6.04.
Regulatory Filings...............................................40 6.05.
Press Releases...................................................41 6.06.
Access; Information..............................................41 6.07.
Affiliates.......................................................42 6.08.
Acquisition Proposals............................................42 6.09.
Certain Policies.................................................43 6.10.
Nasdaq Listing...................................................43 6.11.
Indemnification..................................................43 6.12.
Benefit Plans....................................................45 6.13.
Bank Merger......................................................46 6.14.
Coordination of Dividends........................................46 6.15.
Directorship.....................................................46 6.16.
Other Agreements.................................................46 6.17.
Notification of Certain Matters..................................47 6.18
Section 16 Matters...............................................47 6.19.
Advisory Board...................................................47  
ARTICLE VII   CONDITIONS TO CONSUMMATION OF THE MERGER  7.01. Conditions
to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect the Merger.......47 7.02. Conditions to
Obligation of the Company..........................48 7.03. Conditions to
Obligations of Parent..............................49   ARTICLE VIII  
TERMINATION 8.01.
Termination......................................................50 8.02.
Effect of Termination and Abandonment............................52  
ARTICLE IX   MISCELLANEOUS  9.01.
Survival.........................................................53 9.02.
Waiver; Amendment................................................53 9.03.
Counterparts.....................................................53   
(ii)     4   9.04. Governing
Law....................................................53 9.05.
Expenses.........................................................53 9.06.
Notices..........................................................53 9.07.
Entire Understanding; No Third Party Beneficiaries...............54 9.08.
Severability.....................................................55 9.09.
Enforcement of the Agreement.....................................55 9.10.
Interpretation...................................................55 9.11.
Assignment.......................................................56 9.12.
Alternative Structure............................................56  ANNEX A
Form of Shareholder Agreement  ANNEX B Form of Executive Agreement among
Parent, the Company, the Company  Bank and each of Robert T. Kenney, Charles
J. Boulier III,  Peter N. Perugini, Richard J. Moore, Sheri C.
Pasqualoni,William  E. Solberg, Charles P. Ahern and Earl T. Young ANNEX C
Form of Consulting Agreement between Parent and Robert T. Kenney     
(iii)   5    AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of August 22, 2002
(this "Agreement"), between Banknorth Group, Inc. ("Parent") and American
Financial Holdings, Inc. (the "Company").    RECITALS   A. The Company.
The Company is a Delaware corporation, having its  ------------ principal
place of business in New Britain, Connecticut.   B. Parent. Parent is a
Maine corporation, having its principal  ------ place of business in
Portland, Maine.   C. Intention of the Parties. It is the intention of the
parties to  ------------------------ this Agreement that the Merger provided
for herein be treated as a "reorganization" under Section 368(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code").   D. Board Action.
The respective Boards of Directors of each of  ------------ Parent and the
Company have determined that it is in the best interests of their respective
companies and their shareholders to consummate the Merger provided for
herein.   E. Shareholder Agreements. As a material inducement to Parent 
---------------------- to enter into this Agreement, and simultaneously with,
the execution of this Agreement, each Shareholder (as defined herein) is
entering into an agreement, in the form of Annex A hereto (collectively, the
"Shareholder Agreements") pursuant to which they have agreed, among other
things, to vote their shares of Company Common Stock in favor of this
Agreement.   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of
the mutual covenants, representations, warranties and agreements contained
herein the parties agree as follows:   ARTICLE I   CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS   1.01. Certain Definitions. The following terms are used in
this  ------------------- Agreement with the meanings set forth below:  
"Acquisition Proposal" means any proposal or offer with respect  to any of
the following (other than the transactions contemplated  hereunder) involving
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries: (i) any  merger, consolidation, share
exchange, business combination or other  similar transaction; (ii) any sale,
lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge,  transfer or other disposition of 10% or
more of its consolidated assets  in a single transaction or series of
transactions; (iii) any tender  offer or exchange offer for 10% or more of
the outstanding shares of  its capital stock or the filing of a registration
statement under the  Securities Act in connection therewith; or (iv) any
public announcement  of a proposal, plan or intention to do any of the
foregoing or any  agreement to engage in any of the foregoing.   6   
"Acquisition Transaction" means any of the following (other than  the
transaction contemplated hereunder) involving the Company or any of  its
Subsidiaries: (i) any merger, consolidation, share exchange,  business
combination or other similar transaction; (ii) any sale,  lease, exchange,
mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition of 10%  or more of its
consolidated assets in a single transaction or series of  transactions; or
(iii) any tender offer or exchange offer for 10% or  more of the outstanding
shares of its capital stock or the filing of a  registration statement under
the Securities Act in connection  therewith.   "Aggregate Cash
Consideration" has the meaning set forth in  Section 3.02(d)(i).  
"Agreement" means this Agreement, as amended or modified from  time to time
in accordance with Section 9.02.   "Average Share Price" means the average
of the per share closing  sale prices of the Parent Common Stock on Nasdaq
(as reported by an  authoritative source) for the ten trading-day period
ending on (and  including) the Determination Date, rounded to the nearest
whole cent.    "Articles of Merger" has the meaning set forth in Section 
2.02(a).   "Bank Insurance Fund" means the Bank Insurance Fund maintained 
by the FDIC.   "Bank Merger Agreement" has the meaning set forth in
Section  6.13.   "Bank Merger" has the meaning set forth in Section
6.13.   "Bank Secrecy Act" means the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, as 
amended.   "Benefit Plans" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.03(m).  
"Business Day" means Monday through Friday of each week, except  a legal
holiday recognized as such by the U.S. Government or any day on  which
banking institutions in the State of Maine or the State of  Connecticut are
authorized or obligated to close.   "Capital Change" has the meaning set
forth in Section 3.01(d).   "Certificates" has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.02(a).   "Certificate of Merger" has the meaning set forth in
Section  2.02(a).   "Closing" and "Closing Date" have the meanings set
forth in  Section 2.02(b).   "Code" has the meaning set forth in the
recitals to this  Agreement.   2   7   "Community Reinvestment Act"
means the Community Reinvestment  Act of 1977, as amended.   "Company" has
the meaning set forth in the preamble to this  Agreement.   "Company
Affiliates" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.07.   "Company Articles"
means the Certificate of Incorporation of the  Company.   "Company Bank"
means American Savings Bank, a Connecticut-  chartered savings bank.  
"Company Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.   "Company
Bylaws" means the Bylaws of the Company.   "Company Common Stock" means the
common stock, $0.01 par value  per share, of the Company.   "Company Bank
Severance Plan" means the Company Bank Employee  Severance Compensation Plan,
as amended on or prior to the date hereof.   "Company Group" means any
"affiliated group" (as defined in  Section 1504(a) of the Code without regard
to the limitations contained  in Section 1504(b) of the Code) that includes
the Company and its  Subsidiaries or any predecessor of or any successor to
the Company (or  to another such predecessor or successor).   "Company Loan
Property" has the meaning set forth in Section  5.03(o)(i).   "Company
Meeting" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.02.   "Company Preferred
Stock" means the preferred stock, $0.01 par  value per share, of the
Company.   "Company Stock" means, collectively, the Company Common Stock 
and the Company Preferred Stock.   "Company Options" means the options to
acquire Company Common  Stock issued under the Company Stock Option Plan.  
"Company Regulatory Authorities" has the meaning set forth in  Section
5.03(i).   "Company Restricted Share" has the meaning set forth in Section 
3.06.   "Company Stock Option Plans" means the Company\'s 2000 Stock- 
Based Incentive Plan, as amended, the American Bank of Connecticut 1984 
Incentive Stock Option Plan, the American Bank of Connecticut 1993  Incentive
Stock Option Plan, the American Bank of Connecticut 1998  Incentive Stock
Option Plan and the American Bank of Connecticut  Directors Stock Option
Plan.   3   8    "Connecticut Bank Commissioner" means the Commissioner
of  Banking of the State of Connecticut.   "Derivatives Contract" has the
meaning set forth in Section  5.03(q).   "Determination Date" means the
date on which the last required  approval of a Governmental Authority is
obtained with respect to the  Transactions, all statutory waiting periods in
respect thereof have  expired and all other conditions to the consummation of
the Merger  specified in Article VII hereof (other than the delivery of 
certificates, opinions and other instruments and documents to be  delivered
at the Closing) have been satisfied or waived.   "DGCL" means the Delaware
General Corporation Law, as amended.   "Disclosure Schedule" has the meaning
set forth in Section 5.01.   "Dissenting Shareholders" and "Dissenting
Shares" have the  meanings set forth in Section 3.01(b).   "Effective Date"
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.02(a).   "Effective Time" has the
meaning set forth in Section 2.02(a).   "Election Deadline" has the meaning
set forth in Section  3.02(b).   "Election Form" has the meaning set forth
in Section 3.02(a).   "Employees" has the meaning set forth in Section
5.03(m).   "Environmental Laws" has the meaning set forth in Section 
5.03(o).   "Equal Credit Opportunity Act" means the Equal Credit 
Opportunity Act, as amended.   "Equity Investment" means (i) an Equity
Security; and (ii) an  ownership interest in any company or other entity, any
membership  interest that includes a voting right in any company or other
entity,  any interest in real estate; and any investment or transaction which
in  substance falls into any of these categories even though it may be 
structured as some other form of investment or transaction.   "Equity
Security" means any stock (other than adjustable-rate  preferred stock, money
market (auction rate) preferred stock or other  instrument determined by the
OCC to have the character of debt  securities), certificate of interest or
participation in any  profit-sharing agreement, collateral-trust certificate,
preorganization  certificate or subscription, transferable share, investment
contract,  or voting-trust certificate; any security convertible into such
a  security; any security carrying any warrant or right to subscribe to or 
purchase any such security; and any certificate of interest or  participation
in, temporary or interim certificate for, or receipt for  any of the
foregoing.   4    9   "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of  1974, as amended.   "ERISA Affiliate" has the meaning set
forth in Section 5.03(m)  (iii).   "Exchange Act" means the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as  amended, and the rules and regulations
thereunder.   "Exchange Agent" has the meaning set forth in Section
3.02(a).   "Exchange Ratio" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(a) 
(iii), subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 3.01(d) and 8.01(i).  
"Executive Agreements" has the meaning set forth in Section  6.16.   "Fair
Housing Act" means the Fair Housing Act, as amended.   "FDIC" means the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.   "Federal Reserve Act" means the
Federal Reserve Act, as amended.   "Federal Reserve Board" means the Board
of Governors of the  Federal Reserve System.   "GAAP" means accounting
principles generally accepted in the  United States of America.  
"Governmental Authority" means any federal, state or local  court,
administrative agency or commission or other governmental  authority or
instrumentality.   "Hazardous Substance" has the meaning set forth in
Section  5.03(o).   "Indemnified Parties" and "Indemnifying Party" have the
meanings  set forth in Section 6.11(a).   "Insurance Amount" has the
meaning set forth in Section 6.11(c).   "Insurance Policies" has the meaning
set forth in Section  5.03(w).   "Liens" means any charge, mortgage,
pledge, security interest,  restriction, claim, lien or encumbrance.  
"Loans" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.01(r).   "Maine
Superintendent" means the Superintendent of the Bureau of  Banking of the
State of Maine.    5   10   "Material Adverse Effect" means, with
respect to Parent or the  Company any effect that (i) is material and adverse
to the financial  position, results of operations or business of Parent and
its  Subsidiaries taken as a whole or the Company and its Subsidiaries
taken  as a whole, as the case may be, or (ii) would materially impair the 
ability of any of Parent and its Subsidiaries or the Company and its 
Subsidiaries to perform their respective obligations under this  Agreement or
the Bank Merger Agreement or otherwise materially impede  the consummation of
the Transactions; provided, however, that Material  Adverse Effect shall not
be deemed to include the impact of (a) changes  in banking and similar laws
of general applicability or interpretations  thereof by Governmental
Authorities, (b) changes in GAAP or regulatory  accounting requirements
applicable to banks and their holding companies  generally, (c) changes in
general economic conditions (including  changes in interest rates) affecting
banks and their holding companies  generally, (d) any modifications or
changes to valuation policies and  practices, or expenses incurred, in
connection with the Transactions or  restructuring charges taken in
connection with the Transactions, in  each case in accordance with GAAP, and
(e) with respect to the Company,  the effects of any action or omission taken
with the prior consent of  Parent or as otherwise contemplated by the
Agreement.   "Material Contracts" has the meaning set forth in Section
5.03  (k)(i).   "MBCA" means the Maine Business Corporation Act, as
amended.   "Merger" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(a).  
"Merger Consideration" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01 
(a)(iii).   "Nasdaq" means The Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc.\'s National
Market  or such national securities exchange on which the Parent Common
Stock  may be listed.   "Nasdaq Bank Average Index" means the average
closing values of  the Nasdaq Bank Index for the ten trading-day period
ending on (and  including) the Determination Date.   "Nasdaq Bank Starting
Index" means $2,305.86, the closing value  of the Nasdaq Bank Index on July
31, 2002.   "National Bank Act" means the National Bank Act, as amended.  
"National Labor Relations Act" means the National Labor  Relations Act, as
amended.   "OCC" means the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.  
"OREO" means other real estate owned.   "Parent" has the meaning set forth
in the preamble to this  Agreement.   6   11    "Parent Articles"
means the Amended and Restated Articles of  Incorporation of Parent, as
amended.   "Parent Benefits Plans" has the meaning set forth in Section 
6.12(a).   "Parent Board" means the Board of Directors of Parent.  
"Parent Bylaws" means the Bylaws of Parent, as amended.   "Parent Common
Stock" means the common stock, $0.01 par value  per share, of Parent and,
unless the context otherwise requires,  related Parent Rights.   "Parent
Bank" means Banknorth, National Association and any  successor thereto.  
"Parent Preferred Stock" means the preferred stock, $0.01 par  value per
share, of Parent.   "Parent Rights" means the rights attached to shares of
Parent  Common Stock pursuant to the Parent Rights Agreement.   "Parent
Rights Agreement" means the Stockholder Rights  Agreement, dated as of
September 12, 1989 and amended and restated as  of July 27, 1999 and as of
July 25, 2000, between Parent and American  Stock Transfer and Trust Company,
as Rights Agent.   "Parent Regulatory Authorities" has the meaning set forth
in  Section 5.04(k).   "Pension Plan" has the meaning set forth in Section
5.03(m)(ii).   "Person" means any individual, bank, corporation,
partnership,  association, joint-stock company, business trust, limited
liability  company or unincorporated organization.   "Previously Disclosed"
by a party shall mean information set  forth in a section of its Disclosure
Schedule corresponding to the  section of this Agreement where such term is
used.   "Proxy Statement" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.03(a).  
"Registration Statement" has the meaning set forth in Section  6.03(a).  
"Rights" means, with respect to any Person, warrants, options,  rights,
convertible securities and other arrangements or commitments  which obligate
the Person to issue or dispose of any of its capital  stock or other
ownership interests.   "SEC" means the Securities and Exchange
Commission.   "SEC Documents" has the meaning set forth in Sections
5.03(g)  and 5.04(g) in the case of the Company and Parent, respectively.  
7   12    "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended,  and the rules and regulations thereunder.   "Shareholder
Agreements" has the meaning set forth in the  recitals to this Agreement.  
"Shareholders" means each director of the Company.   "Starting Price" means
$25.44, the closing price of a share of  Parent Common Stock on July 31,
2002.   "Stock Conversion Number" has the meaning set forth in Section 
3.02(a).   "Stock Election Number" has the meaning set forth in Section 
3.02(a).   "Subsidiary" and "Significant Subsidiary" have the meanings 
ascribed to those terms in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X of the SEC.  
"Superior Proposal" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.08.   "Surviving
Corporation" has the meaning set forth in Section  2.01(a).   "Tax" and
"Taxes" mean all federal, state, local or foreign  income, gross income,
gains, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem,  goods and services, capital,
production, transfer, franchise, windfall  profits, license, withholding,
payroll, employment, disability,  employer health, excise, estimated,
severance, stamp, occupation,  property, environmental, custom duties,
unemployment or other taxes of  any kind whatsoever, together with any
interest, additions or penalties  thereto and any interest in respect of such
interest and penalties.   "Tax Returns" means any return, declaration or
other report  (including elections, declarations, schedules, estimates and 
information returns) with respect to any Taxes.   "Transactions" means the
Merger, the Bank Merger and any other  transaction contemplated by this
Agreement.   "Treasury Stock" means shares of Company Stock held by the 
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by Parent or any of its  Subsidiaries,
in each case other than in a fiduciary (including  custodial or agency)
capacity or as a result of debts previously  contracted in good faith.   
8   13    ARTICLE II   THE MERGER   2.01. The Merger. 
----------   (a) The Merger. Subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, at the Effective Time, the Company shall merge with and into
Parent in accordance with the applicable provisions of the MBCA and the DGCL
(the "Merger"), the separate corporate existence of the Company shall cease
and Parent shall survive and continue to exist as a corporation incorporated
under the MBCA (Parent, as the surviving corporation in the Merger, sometimes
being referred to herein as the "Surviving Corporation").   (b) Name. The
name of the Surviving Corporation shall be "Banknorth  ---- Group, Inc."  
(c) Articles and Bylaws. The articles of incorporation and bylaws 
------------------- of the Surviving Corporation immediately after the Merger
shall be the Parent Articles and the Parent Bylaws as in effect immediately
prior to the Merger.   (d) Directors and Executive Officers of the Surviving
Corporation. 
------------------------------------------------------------- The directors
of the Surviving Corporation immediately after the Merger shall be the
directors of Parent immediately prior to the Merger plus the person appointed
or elected as a director pursuant to Section 6.15 hereof, each of whom shall
serve until such time as their successors shall be duly elected
and qualified. The executive officers of the Surviving Corporation
immediately after the Merger shall be the executive officers of Parent
immediately prior to the Merger, each of whom shall serve until such time as
their successors shall be duly elected and qualified.   (e) Authorized
Capital Stock. The authorized capital stock of the 
------------------------ Surviving Corporation upon consummation of the
Merger shall be as set forth in the Parent Articles immediately prior to the
Merger.   (f) Effect of the Merger. At the Effective Time, the effect of
the  -------------------- Merger shall be as provided in the applicable
provisions of the MBCA and the DGCL. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time, all the property,
rights, privileges, powers and franchises of the Company shall vest in the
Surviving Corporation, and all debts, liabilities, obligations, restrictions,
disabilities and duties of the Company shall become the debts, liabilities,
obligations, restrictions, disabilities and duties of the Surviving
Corporation.   (g) Additional Actions. If, at any time after the Effective
Time, the Surviving Corporation shall consider that any further assignments
or assurances in law or any other acts are necessary or desirable to (i)
vest, perfect or confirm, of record or otherwise, in the Surviving
Corporation its right, title or interest in, to or under any of the rights,
properties or assets of the Company acquired or to be acquired by the
Surviving Corporation as a result of, or in connection with, the Merger, or
(ii) otherwise carry out the purposes of this Agreement, the Company, and its
proper officers and directors, shall be deemed to have granted to the
Surviving Corporation an irrevocable power of attorney to execute and deliver
all such proper deeds, assignments and assurances in law and to do all acts
necessary or proper to vest, perfect or   9   14  confirm title to and
possession of such rights, properties or assets in the Surviving Corporation
and otherwise to carry out the purposes of this Agreement, and the proper
officers and directors of the Surviving Corporation are fully authorized in
the name of the Surviving Corporation or otherwise to take any and all such
action.   2.02 Effective Date and Effective Time; Closing. 
------------------------------------------   (a) Subject to the satisfaction
or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VII (other than those
conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the consummation of
the Merger, but subject to the fulfillment or waiver of those conditions),
the parties shall cause articles of merger relating to the Merger (the
"Articles of Merger") to be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of
Maine pursuant to the MBCA and a certificate of merger (the "Certificate of
Merger") to be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
pursuant to the DGCL on (i) a date selected by Parent after such satisfaction
or waiver which is no later than the later of (A) five Business Days after
such satisfaction or waiver or (B) the first month end following
such satisfaction or waiver, or (ii) such other date to which the parties
may mutually agree in writing, provided that in no event shall Articles of
Merger or a Certificate of Merger be filed, or the Merger consummated, prior
to January 1, 2003. The Merger provided for herein shall become effective
upon such filings or on such date as may be specified therein. The date of
such filings or such later effective date is herein called the "Effective
Date." The "Effective Time" of the Merger shall be the time of such filings
or as set forth in such filings.   (b) A closing (the "Closing") shall take
place immediately prior to the Effective Time at 10:00 a.m., Eastern Time, at
the principal offices of Parent in Portland, Maine, or at such other place,
at such other time, or on such other date as the parties may mutually agree
upon (such date, the "Closing Date"). At the Closing, there shall be
delivered to Parent and the Company the opinions, certificates and other
documents required to be delivered under Article VII hereof.    ARTICLE
III   CONSIDERATION; ELECTION AND EXCHANGE PROCEDURES   3.01. Effect on
Capital Stock.  -----------------------   (a) At the Effective Time,
automatically by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of
any Person:   (i) each share of Parent Common Stock that is issued and 
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall remain issued  and
outstanding and shall be unchanged by the Merger;   (ii) each share of
Company Common Stock held as Treasury Stock  immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be cancelled and retired  at the Effective Time and no
consideration shall be issued in exchange  therefor; and    10   15  
(iii) each outstanding share of Company Common Stock issued and  outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than Treasury  Stock and any
Dissenting Shares) shall become and be converted into, as  provided in and
subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement,  the right to receive
at the election of the holder thereof, as provided  in Section 3.02, (i)
$32.00 in cash, without interest (the "Cash  Consideration"), or (ii) 1.220
shares (the "Exchange Ratio") of Parent  Common Stock (the "Stock
Consideration"). The Cash Consideration and the  Stock Consideration are
sometimes referred to herein collectively as the  "Merger Consideration."  
(b) Each outstanding share of Company Common Stock the holder of which has
perfected his right to dissent under Section 262 of the DGCL and has not
effectively withdrawn or lost such right as of the Effective Time
(the "Dissenting Shares") shall not be converted into or represent a right to
receive the Merger Consideration hereunder, and the holder thereof shall be
entitled only to such rights as are granted by applicable law. The Company
shall give Parent prompt notice upon receipt by the Company of any such
demands for payment of the fair value of such shares of Company Common Stock
and of withdrawals of such notice and any other instruments provided pursuant
to applicable law (any shareholder duly making such demand being hereinafter
called a "Dissenting Shareholder"). The Company shall not, except with the
prior written consent of Parent, voluntarily make any payment with respect
to, or settle or offer to settle, any such demand for payment, or waive any
failure to timely deliver a written demand for appraisal or the taking of any
other action by such Dissenting Shareholder as may be necessary to perfect
appraisal rights under applicable law. Any payments made in respect of
Dissenting Shares shall be made by the Surviving Corporation.   (c) If any
Dissenting Shareholder shall effectively withdraw or lose (through failure to
perfect or otherwise) his right to such payment at or prior to the Effective
Time, such holder\'s shares of Company Common Stock shall be converted into a
right to receive the Merger Consideration in accordance with the applicable
provisions of this Agreement. If such holder shall effectively withdraw or
lose (through failure to perfect or otherwise) his right to such payment
after the Effective Time, each share of Company Common Stock of such holder
shall be converted on a share by share basis into either the right to receive
the Cash Consideration or the Stock Consideration as Parent shall determine
in its sole discretion.   (d) The Exchange Ratio shall be subject to
appropriate adjustments in the event that, subsequent to the date of this
Agreement but prior to the Effective Time, the outstanding Parent Common
Stock shall have been increased, decreased, changed into or exchanged for a
different number or kind of shares or securities through reorganization,
recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, reverse
stock split or other like changes in Parent\'s capitalization (a "Capital
Change"). In addition, if Parent enters into an agreement pursuant to which
shares of Parent Common Stock would be converted, prior to the Effective
Time, into shares or other securities or obligations of another corporation,
proper provision shall be made in such agreement so that each Company
stockholder shall be entitled to receive at the Effective Time such number of
shares or other securities or amount of obligations of such other corporation
as such stockholder would be entitled to receive if the Effective Time had
occurred immediately prior to the consummation of such conversion.   11  
16   3.02. Election Procedures.  -------------------   (a) An election
form and other appropriate and customary transmittal materials (which shall
specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to
certificates evidencing shares of Company Common Stock (the "Certificates")
shall pass, only upon proper delivery of such Certificates to an unaffiliated
bank or trust company designated by Parent and reasonably satisfactory to the
Company (the "Exchange Agent")) in such form as the Company and Parent shall
mutually agree (the "Election Form"), shall be mailed no later than 15 days
prior to the anticipated Effective Time or on such earlier date as Parent and
the Company may mutually agree (the "Mailing Date") to each holder of record
of Company Common Stock as of five Business Days prior to the Mailing Date
(the "Election Form Record Date"). Each Election Form shall permit
each holder of record of Company Common Stock as of the Election Form Record
Date (or in the case of nominee record holders, the beneficial owner through
proper instructions and documentation) to (i) elect to receive the Cash
Consideration for all of such holder\'s shares (a "Cash Election"), (ii)
elect to receive the Stock Consideration for all of such holder\'s shares (a
"Stock Election"), (iii) elect to receive the Cash Consideration with respect
to some of such holder\'s shares and the Stock Consideration with respect to
such holder\'s remaining shares (a "Mixed Election") or (iv) make no election
the receipt of the Cash Consideration or the Stock Consideration (a "Non-
Election"), provided that, notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement, other than paragraph (e) of this Section 3.02, 50% of the total
number of shares of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding at the
Effective Time, including any Dissenting Shares but excluding any Treasury
Stock (the "Stock Conversion Number"), shall be converted into the Stock
Consideration and the remaining outstanding shares of Company Common Stock
shall be converted into the Cash Consideration. Holders of record of shares
of Company Common Stock who hold such shares as nominees, trustees or in
other representative capacities (a "Representative") may submit multiple
Election Forms, provided that such Representative certifies that each such
Election Form covers all the shares of Company Common Stock held by
that Representative for a particular beneficial owner. Shares of Company
Common Stock as to which a Cash Election has been made (including pursuant to
a Mixed Election) are referred to herein as "Cash Election Shares." Shares of
Company Common Stock as to which a Stock Election has been made (including
pursuant to a Mixed Election) are referred to herein as "Stock Election
Shares." Shares of Company Common Stock as to which no election has been made
are referred to herein as "Non-Election Shares." The aggregate number of
shares of Company Common Stock with respect to which a Stock Election has
been made is referred to herein as the "Stock Election Number." Any
Dissenting Shares shall be deemed to be Cash Election Shares, and with
respect to such shares the holders thereof shall in no event receive
consideration comprised of Parent Common Stock.   (b) To be effective, a
properly completed Election Form shall be submitted to the Exchange Agent on
or before 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the 20th calendar day following
but not including the Mailing Date (or such other time and date as Parent and
the Company may mutually agree) (the "Election Deadline").   (c) An
Election Form shall be deemed properly completed only if accompanied by one
or more Certificates (or customary affidavits and indemnification regarding
the loss or destruction of such Certificates or the guaranteed delivery of
such Certificates) representing all    12   17   shares of Company
Common Stock covered by such Election Form, together with duly executed
transmittal materials included with the Election Form. If a holder of Company
Common Stock either (i) does not submit a properly completed Election Form in
a timely fashion or (ii) revokes the holder\'s Election Form prior to
the Election Deadline, the shares of Company Common Stock held by such holder
shall be designated Non-Election Shares. Parent shall cause the Certificates
described in clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence to be promptly
returned without charge to the Person submitting the Election Form upon
written request to that effect from the Person who submitted the Election
Form. Subject to the terms of this Agreement and of the Election Form, the
Exchange Agent shall have reasonable discretion to determine whether any
election, revocation or change has been properly or timely made and to
disregard immaterial defects in any Election Form, and any good faith
decisions of the Exchange Agent regarding such matters shall be binding and
conclusive. Neither Parent nor the Exchange Agent shall be under any
obligation to notify any Person of any defect in an Election Form.   (d)
Within five Business Days after the later to occur of the Election Deadline
or the Effective Time, Parent shall cause the Exchange Agent to effect the
allocation among holders of Company Common Stock of rights to receive the
Cash Consideration and the Stock Consideration as follows:   (i) If the
Stock Election Number exceeds the Stock Conversion  Number, then all Cash
Election Shares and all Non-Election Shares shall  be converted into the
right to receive the Cash Consideration, and each  holder of Stock Election
Shares will be entitled to receive the Stock  Consideration in respect of
that number of Stock Election Shares equal  to the product obtained by
multiplying (x) the number of Stock Election  Shares held by such holder by
(y) a fraction, the numerator of which is  the Stock Conversion Number and
the denominator of which is the Stock  Election Number, with the remaining
number of such holder\'s Stock  Election Shares being converted into the
right to receive the Cash  Consideration;   (ii) If the Stock Election
Number is less than the Stock  Conversion Number (the amount by which the
Stock Conversion Number  exceeds the Stock Election Number being referred to
herein as the  "Shortfall Number"), then all Stock Election Shares shall be
converted  into the right to receive the Stock Consideration and the Non-
Election  Shares and Cash Election Shares shall be treated in the following 
manner:   (A) if the Shortfall Number is less than or equal to the  number
of Non-Election Shares, then all Cash Election Shares  shall be converted
into the right to receive the Cash  Consideration and each holder of Non-
Election Shares shall  receive the Stock Consideration in respect of that
number of  Non- Election Shares equal to the product obtained by 
multiplying (x) the number of Non-Election Shares held by such  holder by (y)
a fraction, the numerator of which is the  Shortfall Number and the
denominator of which is the total  number of Non-Election Shares, with the
remaining number of such  holder\'s Non-Election Shares being converted into
the right to  receive the Cash Consideration; or   (B) if the Shortfall
Number exceeds the number of Non-  election Shares, then  13   18   all
Non-Election Shares shall be converted into the right to  receive the Stock
Consideration, and each holder of Cash  Election Shares shall receive the
Stock Consideration in respect  of that number of Cash Election Shares equal
to the product  obtained by multiplying (x) the number of Cash Election
Shares  held by such holder by (y) a fraction, the numerator of which is 
the amount by which (1) the Shortfall Number exceeds (2) the  total number of
Non-Election Shares and the denominator of which  is the total number of Cash
Election Shares, with the remaining  number of such holder\'s Cash Election
Shares being converted  into the right to receive the Cash Consideration.  
(e) If the tax opinion referred to in Section 7.01(f) cannot be  rendered
because the counsel or auditors charged with providing  such opinion
reasonably determines that the Merger may not  satisfy the continuity of
interest requirements applicable to  reorganizations under Section 368(a) of
the Code, then Parent  shall reduce the number of shares of Company Common
Stock  entitled to receive the Cash Consideration and correspondingly 
increase the number of shares of Company Common Stock entitled  to receive
the Stock Consideration by the minimum amount  necessary to enable such tax
opinion to be rendered.   3.03 Exchange Procedures.  ------------------- 
(a) Immediately prior to the Effective Time, for the benefit of the holders
of Certificates, (i) Parent shall reserve for issuance a sufficient number of
shares of Parent Common Stock and deliver to the Exchange Agent certificates
evidencing such number of shares of Parent Common Stock issuable and (ii)
Parent shall deliver, or cause Parent Bank to deliver, to the Exchange Agent
an amount of cash sufficient to pay the aggregate amount of cash
payable pursuant to this Article III in exchange for Certificates
representing outstanding shares of Company Common Stock (such cash and
certificates for shares of Parent Common Stock, together with any dividends
or distributions with respect thereto, are hereinafter referred to as the
"Exchange Fund"). The Exchange Agent shall not be entitled to vote or
exercise any rights of ownership with respect to the shares of Parent Common
Stock held by it from time to time hereunder, except that it shall receive
and hold all dividends or other distributions paid or distributed with
respect to such shares for the account of the persons entitled thereto.  
(b) As soon as practicable after the Effective Time, and provided that the
Company has delivered, or caused to be delivered, to the Exchange Agent all
information which is necessary for the Exchange Agent to perform
its obligations as specified herein, the Exchange Agent shall mail to each
holder of record of a Certificate or Certificates who has not previously
surrendered such Certificate or Certificates with an Election Form, a form of
letter of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected,
and risk of loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery
of the Certificates to the Exchange Agent) and instructions for use in
effecting the surrender of the Certificates in exchange for the Merger
Consideration into which the shares of Company Common Stock represented by
such Certificate or Certificates shall have been converted pursuant to
Sections 3.01 and 3.02 of this Agreement. Upon proper surrender of a
Certificate for exchange and cancellation to the Exchange Agent, together
with a properly completed letter of transmittal, duly executed, the holder of
such Certificate shall be entitled to    14   19   receive in exchange
therefor, as applicable, (i) a certificate representing that number of shares
of Parent Common Stock (if any) to which such former holder of Company Common
Stock shall have become entitled pursuant to this Agreement, (ii) a check
representing that amount of cash (if any) to which such former holder
of Company Common Stock shall have become entitled pursuant to this
Agreement and/or (iii) a check representing the amount of cash (if any)
payable in lieu of a fractional share of Parent Common Stock which such
former holder has the right to receive in respect of the Certificate
surrendered pursuant to this Agreement, and the Certificate so surrendered
shall forthwith be cancelled. Until surrendered as contemplated by this
Section 3.03(b), each Certificate (other than Certificates representing
Treasury Stock or Dissenting Shares) shall be deemed at any time after the
Effective Time to represent only the right to receive upon such surrender the
Merger Consideration provided in Sections 3.01 and 3.02 and any unpaid
dividends and distributions thereon as provided in paragraph (c) of this
Section 3.03. No interest shall be paid or accrued on any cash constituting
Merger Consideration (including any cash in lieu of fractional shares) and
any unpaid dividends and distributions, if any, payable to holders of
Certificates.   (c) No dividends or other distributions with a record date
after the Effective Time with respect to Parent Common Stock shall be paid to
the holder of any unsurrendered Certificate until the holder thereof shall
surrender such Certificate in accordance with this Section 3.03. After the
surrender of a Certificate in accordance with this Section 3.03, the record
holder thereof shall be entitled to receive any such dividends or other
distributions, without any interest thereon, which theretofore had become
payable with respect to shares of Parent Common Stock represented by such
Certificate.   (d) The Exchange Agent and Parent, as the case may be, shall
not be obligated to deliver cash and/or a certificate or certificates
representing shares of Parent Common Stock to which a holder of Company
Common Stock would otherwise be entitled as a result of the Merger until such
holder surrenders the Certificate or Certificates representing the shares of
Company Common Stock for exchange as provided in this Section 3.03, or, in
default thereof, an appropriate affidavit of loss and indemnity agreement
and/or a bond in an amount as may be required in each case by Parent. If any
certificates evidencing shares of Parent Common Stock are to be issued in a
name other than that in which the Certificate evidencing Company Common Stock
surrendered in exchange therefor is registered, it shall be a condition of
the issuance thereof that the Certificate so surrendered shall be properly
endorsed or accompanied by an executed form of assignment separate from the
Certificate and otherwise in proper form for transfer and that the person
requesting such exchange pay to the Exchange Agent any transfer or other tax
required by reason of the issuance of a certificate for shares of Parent
Common Stock in any name other than that of the registered holder of the
Certificate surrendered or otherwise establish to the satisfaction of the
Exchange Agent that such tax has been paid or is not payable.   (e) At and
after the Effective Time, the stock transfer books of the Company shall be
closed and there shall be no transfers on the stock transfer books of the
Company of the shares of Company Stock which were issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time. At the Effective Time, holders of
Company Stock shall cease to be, and shall have no rights as, shareholders of
the Company other than to receive the consideration provided under this
Article III. On or after the Effective Time, any Certificates presented to
Parent or the Exchange Agent    15   20   shall be cancelled and
exchanged for certificates representing shares of Parent Common Stock and/or
the payment of cash as provided herein, subject to applicable law in the case
of Dissenting Shares.   (f) Any portion of the Exchange Fund that remains
unclaimed by the shareholders of the Company for six months after the
Effective Time (as well as any proceeds from any investment thereof) shall be
delivered by the Exchange Agent to Parent. Any shareholders of Company who
have not theretofore complied with Section 3.03(b) shall thereafter look only
to Parent for the Merger Consideration deliverable in respect of each share
of Company Common Stock such shareholder holds as determined pursuant to this
Agreement, in each case without any interest thereon. If outstanding
Certificates for shares of Company Common Stock are not surrendered or the
payment for them is not claimed prior to the date on which such shares of
Parent Common Stock or cash would otherwise escheat to or become the property
of any governmental unit or agency, the unclaimed items shall, to the extent
permitted by abandoned property and any other applicable law, become the
property of Parent (and to the extent not in its possession shall be
delivered to it), free and clear of all claims or interest of any Person
previously entitled to such property. Neither the Exchange Agent nor any
party to this Agreement shall be liable to any holder of stock represented by
any Certificate for any consideration paid to a public official pursuant to
applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar laws. Parent and the
Exchange Agent shall be entitled to rely upon the stock transfer books of the
Company to establish the identity of those persons entitled to receive
the Merger Consideration specified in this Agreement, which books shall
be conclusive with respect thereto. In the event of a dispute with respect
to ownership of stock represented by any Certificate, Parent and the Exchange
Agent shall be entitled to deposit any Merger Consideration represented
thereby in escrow with an independent third party and thereafter be relieved
with respect to any claims thereto.   (g) Parent (through the Exchange
Agent, if applicable) shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any
amounts otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement to any holder of shares
of Company Common Stock such amounts as Parent is required to deduct and
withhold under applicable law. Any amounts so withheld shall be treated for
all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the holder of Company
Common Stock in respect of which such deduction and withholding was made by
Parent.   (h) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to
the contrary, Certificates surrendered for exchange by any Company Affiliate
shall not be exchanged for certificates representing shares of Parent Common
Stock to which such Company Affiliate may be entitled pursuant to the terms
of this Agreement until Parent has received a written agreement from such
person as specified in Section 6.07.   3.04. No Fractional Shares.
Notwithstanding any other provision of  -------------------- this Agreement
to the contrary, neither certificates nor scrip for fractional shares of
Parent Common Stock shall be issued in the Merger. Each holder who otherwise
would have been entitled to a fraction of a share of Parent Common Stock
shall receive in lieu thereof cash (without interest) in an amount determined
by multiplying the fractional share interest to which such holder would
otherwise be entitled (after taking into account all shares of the
Company Common Stock owned by such   16   21  holder at the Effective
Time) by the Average Share Price. No such holder shall be entitled to
dividends, voting rights or any other rights in respect of any fractional
share.   3.05 Company Options.  ---------------  (a) At the Effective
Time, each Company Option which is outstanding and unexercised immediately
prior to the Effective Time, whether or not then vested and exercisable,
shall cease to represent a right to acquire shares of Company Common Stock
and shall be converted automatically into an option to purchase shares of
Parent Common Stock, and Parent shall assume each Company Option, in
accordance with the terms of the applicable Company Stock Option Plan and
stock option or other agreement by which it is evidenced, except that
from and after the Effective Time, (i) Parent and the Human Resources
Committee of its Board of Directors shall be substituted for the Company and
the committee of the Company\'s Board of Directors (including, if applicable,
the entire Board of Directors of the Company) administering the Company Stock
Option Plans, (ii) each Company Option assumed by Parent may be exercised
solely for shares of Parent Common Stock, (iii) the number of shares of
Parent Common Stock subject to such Company Option shall be equal to the
number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Company Option
immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by the Exchange Ratio,
provided that any fractional shares of Parent Common Stock resulting from
such multiplication shall be rounded down to the nearest share, and (iv) the
per share exercise price under each such Company Option shall be adjusted by
dividing the per share exercise price under each such Company Option by the
Exchange Ratio, provided that such exercise price shall be rounded up to the
nearest cent. Notwithstanding clauses (iii) and (iv) of the preceding
sentence, each Company Option which is an "incentive stock option" shall be
adjusted as required by Section 424 of the Code, and the regulations
promulgated thereunder, so as not to constitute a modification, extension or
renewal of the option within the meaning of Section 424(h) of the Code.
Parent and the Company agree to take all necessary steps to effect
the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.05(a).   (b) Within five
Business Days after the Effective Time, Parent shall file a registration
statement on Form S-3 or Form S-8, as the case may be (or any successor or
other appropriate forms), with respect to the shares of Parent Common Stock
subject to the options referred to in paragraph (a) of this Section 3.05 and
shall use its reasonable best efforts to maintain the current status of the
prospectus or prospectuses contained therein for so long as such
options remain outstanding in the case of a Form S-8 or, in the case of a
Form S-3, until the shares subject to such options may be sold without a
further holding period under Rule 144 under the Securities Act.   3.06.
Company Restricted Shares. At the Effective Time, each unvested 
-------------------------- restricted share of Company Common Stock granted
under the Company Stock Option Plans (each a "Company Restricted Share"), as
Previously Disclosed by the Company to Parent, which is outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall vest and become free of
restrictions to the extent provided by the terms thereof. Each holder of a
Company Restricted Share shall have the same rights to receive the Merger
Consideration as are provided to other holders of Company Common Stock
pursuant to Sections 3.01-3.04.   17   22   ARTICLE IV   ACTIONS
PENDING ACQUISITION   4.01. Forbearances of the Company. From the date
hereof until the  ---------------------------- Effective Time, except as
expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement or as Previously
Disclosed, without the prior written consent of Parent, the Company will not,
and will cause each of its Subsidiaries not to:   (a) Ordinary Course.
Conduct its business other than in the ordinary  --------------- and usual
course consistent with past practice or fail to use reasonable best efforts
to preserve its business organization, keep available the present services of
its employees and preserve for itself and Parent the goodwill of
the customers of the Company and its Subsidiaries and others with whom
business relations exist.   (b) Capital Stock. Other than pursuant to
Rights set forth on  ------------- Schedule 4.01(b) of the Company\'s
Disclosure Schedule and outstanding on the date hereof, (i) issue, sell or
otherwise permit to become outstanding, or authorize the creation of, any
additional shares of stock or any Rights or (ii) permit any additional shares
of stock to become subject to grants of employee or director stock options or
other Rights.   (c) Dividends; Etc. (a) Make, declare, pay or set aside for
payment  -------------- any dividend on or in respect of, or declare or make
any distribution on any shares of Company Stock, other than (A) subject to
Section 6.14 hereof, regular quarterly cash dividends at a rate not in excess
of $0.18 per share on the Company Common Stock and (B) dividends from wholly-
owned Subsidiaries to the Company or another wholly-owned Subsidiary of the
Company or (b) directly or indirectly adjust, split, combine, redeem,
reclassify, purchase or otherwise acquire, any shares of its capital
stock.   (d) Compensation; Employment Agreements; Etc. Enter into or amend
or  ---------------------------------------- renew any employment,
consulting, severance or similar agreements or arrangements with any
director, officer or employee of the Company or its Subsidiaries or grant any
salary or wage increase or increase any employee benefit (including incentive
or bonus payments), except (i) for normal individual increases in
compensation to employees in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice, provided that no such increase shall result in an annual
adjustment of more than 4%, (ii) for other changes that are required by
applicable law, (iii) to satisfy contractual obligations existing as of the
date hereof and set forth in Schedule 4.01(d) of the Company\'s
Disclosure Schedule, (iv) for grants of awards to newly-hired employees
consistent with past practice or (v) for bonuses awarded to certain executive
officers under the Company Bank\'s Executive Incentive Plan in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice for services rendered in
2002 and payable by the Company Bank on or before December 31, 2002.   (e)
Hiring. Hire any person as an employee of the Company or any of  ------ its
Subsidiaries or promote any employee, except (i) to satisfy
contractual obligations existing as of the date hereof and set forth on
Schedule 4.01(e) of the Company\'s Disclosure Schedule and (ii) persons hired
to fill any vacancies arising after the date hereof and whose employment
is   18   23   terminable at the will of the Company or a Subsidiary of
the Company, as applicable, other than any person to be hired who would have
a base salary, including any guaranteed bonus or any similar bonus,
considered on an annual basis of more than $50,000.   (f) Benefit Plans.
Except (i) as may be required by applicable law,  ------------- (ii) to
satisfy contractual obligations existing as of the date hereof and set forth
on Schedule 4.01(f) of the Company\'s Disclosure Schedule or (iii)
for termination of the Company Bank\'s Stock-Based Deferred Compensation Plan
and Cash-Based Deferred Compensation Plan, either in total or with respect to
the participation of any participant or class of participants, enter
into, establish, adopt or amend any pension, retirement, stock option, stock
purchase, savings, profit sharing, deferred compensation, consulting, bonus,
group insurance or other employee benefit, incentive or welfare contract,
plan or arrangement, or any trust agreement (or similar arrangement) related
thereto, in respect of any director, officer or employee of the Company or
its Subsidiaries or take any action to accelerate the vesting or
exercisability of stock options, restricted stock or other compensation or
benefits payable thereunder. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Agreement, prior to the Closing Date, the Company and its
Subsidiaries shall be permitted to make contributions in an amount sufficient
to cover regularly scheduled debt service with respect to the Company Bank\'s
employee stock ownership plan.   (g) Dispositions. Sell, transfer, mortgage,
encumber or otherwise  ------------ dispose of or discontinue any of its
assets, deposits, business or properties except in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice and in a transaction that, together
with all other such transactions, is not material to the Company and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole.   (h) Acquisitions. Acquire (other than by
way of foreclosures or acquisitions of control in a bona fide fiduciary
capacity or in satisfaction of debts previously contracted in good faith, in
each case in the ordinary and usual course of business consistent with past
practice) all or any portion of the assets, business, deposits or properties
of any other entity.   (i) Capital Expenditures. Make any capital
expenditures other than  --------------------- capital expenditures in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice in amounts not
exceeding $50,000 individually or $250,000 in the aggregate.   (j)
Governing Documents. Amend the Company Articles or Company 
-------------------- Bylaws or the articles of incorporation or bylaws (or
equivalent documents) of any Subsidiary of the Company.   (k) Accounting
Methods. Implement or adopt any change in its 
------------------- accounting principles, practices or methods, other than
as may be required by changes in laws or regulations or GAAP.   (l)
Contracts. Except in the ordinary course of business consistent 
--------- with past practice or as otherwise permitted under this Section
4.01, enter into or terminate any Material Contract or amend or modify in any
material respect any of its existing Material Contracts.   (m) Claims.
Enter into any settlement or similar agreement with  ------ respect to any
action, suit, proceeding, order or investigation to which the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries is or becomes a party after the date of this Agreement,
which settlement, agreement or action involves    19   24   payment by
the Company and its Subsidiaries of an amount which exceeds $50,000 and/or
would impose any material restriction on the business of the Company
or create precedent for claims that are reasonably likely to be material to
the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.   (n) Banking
Operations. Enter into any new material line of 
------------------- business; change its material lending, investment,
underwriting, risk and asset liability management and other material banking
and operating policies, except as required by applicable law, regulation or
policies imposed by any Governmental Authority; or file any application or
make any contract with respect to branching or site location or branching or
site relocation.   (o) Derivatives Contracts. Enter into any Derivatives
Contract,  --------------------- except in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice.   (p) Indebtedness. Incur any indebtedness
for borrowed money (other  ------------ than deposits, federal funds
purchased, borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston and
securities sold under agreements to repurchase, in each case in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice) or assume, guarantee,
endorse or otherwise as an accommodation become responsible for
the obligations of any other Person, other than in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice.   (q) Investment Securities.
Acquire (other than by way of  ----------------------- foreclosures or
acquisitions in a bona fide fiduciary capacity or in satisfaction of debts
previously contracted in good faith, in each case in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice) (i) any debt security or Equity
Investment of a type or in an amount that is not permissible for a national
bank or (ii) any other debt security other than in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice.   (r) Loans. Make any loan, loan
commitment, letter of credit or other  ----- extension of credit
(collectively, "Loans") other than in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice.   (s) Investments in Real Estate. Make any
investment or commitment  ----------------------------- to invest in real
estate or in any real estate development project (other than by way of
foreclosure or acquisitions in a bona fide fiduciary capacity or
in satisfaction of a debt previously contracted in good faith, in each case
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice).   (t)
Adverse Actions. (i) Take any action that would, or is 
----------------- reasonably likely to, prevent or impede the Merger from
qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Code or (ii) take any action that is intended or is reasonably likely to
result in (x) any of its representations and warranties set forth in this
Agreement being or becoming untrue in any material respect at any time at or
prior to the Effective Time, (y) any of the conditions to the Merger set
forth in Article VII not being satisfied or (z) a material violation of any
provision of this Agreement or the Bank Merger Agreement, except, in each
case, as may be required by applicable law or regulation.   (u)
Commitments. Enter into any contract with respect to, or 
----------- otherwise agree or commit to do, any of the foregoing.   20  
25    4.02 Forbearances of Parent. From the date hereof until the
Effective  ---------------------- Time, except as expressly contemplated or
permitted by this Agreement, without the prior written consent of the
Company, Parent will not, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries not to:  
(a) Adverse Actions. (i) Take any action that would, or is 
---------------- reasonably likely to, prevent or impede the Merger from
qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Code or (ii) take any action that is intended or is reasonably likely to
result in (x) any of its representations and warranties set forth in this
Agreement being or becoming untrue in any material respect at any time at or
prior to the Effective Time, (y) any of the conditions to the Merger set
forth in Article VII not being satisfied or (z) a material violation of any
provision of this Agreement or the Bank Merger Agreement, except, in each
case, as may be required by applicable law or regulation.   (b)
Commitments. Enter into any contract with respect to, or  ------------ 
otherwise agree or commit to do, any of the foregoing.    ARTICLE V  
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES   5.01. Disclosure Schedules. On or prior to
the date hereof, Parent has  -------------------- delivered to the Company a
schedule and the Company has delivered to Parent a schedule (respectively,
its "Disclosure Schedule") setting forth, among other things, items the
disclosure of which is necessary or appropriate either in response to an
express disclosure requirement contained in a provision hereof or as an
exception to one or more representations or warranties contained in Section
5.03 or 5.04 or to one or more of its covenants contained in Article
IV; provided, however, that (a) no such item is required to be set forth in
a Disclosure Schedule as an exception to a representation or warranty if
its absence would not be reasonably likely to result in the related
representation or warranty being deemed untrue or incorrect under the
standard established by Section 5.02 and (b) the mere inclusion of an item in
a Disclosure Schedule as an exception to a representation or warranty shall
not be deemed an admission by a party that such item represents a material
exception or fact, event or circumstance or that, absent such inclusion in
the Disclosure Schedule, such item is or would be reasonably likely to result
in a Material Adverse Effect.   5.02. Standard. No representation or
warranty of the Company or Parent  -------- contained in Sections 5.03 or
5.04, respectively, shall be deemed untrue or incorrect, and no party hereto
shall be deemed to have breached a representation or warranty, as a
consequence of the existence of any fact, event or circumstance unless such
fact, circumstance or event, individually or taken together with all other
facts, events or circumstances inconsistent with any representation or
warranty contained in Section 5.03 or 5.04, has had or is reasonably likely
to have a Material Adverse Effect on the party making such representation or
warranty.   5.03. Representations and Warranties of the Company. Subject
to  ------------------------------------------------ Sections 5.01 and 5.02
and except as Previously Disclosed, the Company hereby represents and
warrants to Parent:   21   26   (a) Organization, Standing and
Authority. The Company is duly organized, 
------------------------------------ validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the State of Delaware. The Company is duly qualified to do
business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where its ownership or
leasing of property or assets or the conduct of its business requires it to
be so qualified. The Company has in effect all federal, state, local and
foreign governmental authorizations necessary for it to own or lease its
properties and assets and to carry on its business as now conducted.   
(b) Company Capital Stock. The authorized capital stock of the Company 
--------------------- consists solely of 120,000,000 shares of Company Common
Stock, of which 21,364,545 shares are outstanding as of the date hereof, and
10,000,000 shares of Company Preferred Stock, of which no shares are
outstanding. As of the date hereof, 7,455,084 shares of the Company Common
Stock were held in treasury by the Company or otherwise directly or
indirectly owned by the Company. The outstanding shares of Company Common
Stock have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and
non-assessable, and none of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock
have been issued in violation of the preemptive rights of any Person. Section
5.03(b) of the Company\'s Disclosure Schedule sets forth for (i) each Company
Stock Option, the name of the grantee, the date of the grant, the type of
grant, the status of the option grant as qualified or non-qualified under
Section 422 of the Code, the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject
to each option, the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to
options that are currently exercisable and the exercise price per share and
(ii) each Restricted Share, the name of the grantee, the date of grant and
the applicable vesting schedule and terms. Except as set forth in
the preceding sentence, there are no shares of Company Stock reserved for
issuance, the Company does not have any Rights issued or outstanding with
respect to Company Stock and the Company does not have any commitment to
authorize, issue or sell any Company Stock or Rights.   (c) Subsidiaries. 
------------   (i) (A) The Company has Previously Disclosed a list of all 
of its Subsidiaries together with the jurisdiction of organization of  each
such Subsidiary, (B) the Company owns, directly or indirectly, all  the
issued and outstanding equity securities of each of its  Subsidiaries, (C) no
equity securities of any of its Subsidiaries are or  may become required to
be issued (other than to the Company) by reason  of any Right or otherwise,
(D) there are no contracts, commitments,  understandings or arrangements by
which any of its Subsidiaries is or  may be bound to sell or otherwise
transfer any of its equity securities  (other than to the Company or any of
its wholly-owned Subsidiaries), (E)  there are no contracts, commitments,
understandings, or arrangements  relating to the Company\'s rights to vote or
to dispose of such  securities and (F) all the equity securities of the
Company\'s  Subsidiaries held by the Company or its Subsidiaries are fully
paid and  non-assessable and are owned by the Company or its Subsidiaries
free and  clear of any Liens.   (ii) Except for securities and other
interests held in a  fiduciary capacity and beneficially owned by third
parties or taken in  consideration of debts previously contracted, the
Company does not own  beneficially, directly or indirectly, any equity
securities or similar  interests of any Person or any interest in a
partnership or joint  venture of any kind other than its Subsidiaries and
stock in the Federal  Home Loan Bank of Boston.   22   27   (iii) Each
of the Company\'s Subsidiaries has been duly  organized and is validly
existing in good standing under the laws of the  jurisdiction of its
organization and is duly qualified to do business  and in good standing in
the jurisdictions where its ownership or leasing  of property or the conduct
of its business requires it to be so  qualified.   (iv) The deposit
accounts of the Company Bank are insured by  the Bank Insurance Fund in the
manner and to the maximum extent provided  by applicable law, and the Company
Bank has paid all deposit insurance  premiums and assessments required by
applicable laws and regulations.   (d) Corporate Power. Each of the Company
and its Subsidiaries has  --------------- the corporate power and authority
to carry on its business as it is now being conducted and to own all its
properties and assets; and the Company has the corporate power and authority
to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and to
consummate the Transactions, subject to receipt of all necessary approvals of
Governmental Authorities and the approval of the Company\'s shareholders of
this Agreement.   (e) Corporate Authority. Subject to the approval of this
Agreement  ------------------- by the holders of the outstanding Company
Common Stock, this Agreement and the Transactions have been authorized by all
necessary corporate action of the Company and the Company Board on or prior
to the date hereof. The Company has duly executed and delivered this
Agreement and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by Parent,
this Agreement is a valid and legally binding obligation of the Company,
enforceable in accordance with its terms (except as enforceability may be
limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium,
fraudulent transfer and similar laws of general applicability relating to or
affecting creditors\' rights or by general equity principles).   (f)
Regulatory Approvals; No Defaults.  ---------------------------------   (i)
No consents or approvals of, or waivers by, or filings  or registrations
with, any Governmental Authority or with any third  party are required to be
made or obtained by the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries in connection
with the execution, delivery or performance  by the Company or the Company
Bank of this Agreement and the Bank Merger  Agreement, as applicable, or to
consummate the Transactions, except for  (A) filings of applications or
notices with, and approvals or waivers  by, the Federal Reserve Board, the
OCC, the Connecticut Bank  Commissioner and the Maine Superintendent, as
required, (B) filings with  the SEC and state securities authorities, as
applicable, in connection  with the submission of this Agreement for the
approval of the holders of  Company Common Stock and the issuance of Parent
Common Stock in the  Merger, (C) the filing of Articles of Merger with the
Secretary of State  of the State of Maine pursuant to the MBCA and the filing
of a  Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of 
Delaware pursuant to the DGCL, (D) the approval of this Agreement by the 
holders of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock and (E) such 
corporate approvals and such consents or approvals of, or waivers by, or 
filings or registrations with, certain of the foregoing federal and  state
banking agencies in connection with the Bank Merger. As of the  date hereof,
the Company is not aware of any reason why the approvals  set forth above and
referred to in Section 7.01(b) will not be received  in a   23   28  
timely manner and without the imposition of a condition, restriction or 
requirement of the type described in Section 7.01(b).   (ii) Subject to
receipt, or the making, of the consents,  approvals, waivers and filings
referred to in the preceding paragraph  and the expiration of related waiting
periods, the execution, delivery  and performance of this Agreement and the
Bank Merger Agreement by the  Company and the Company Bank, as applicable,
and the consummation of the  Transactions do not and will not (A) constitute
a breach or violation  of, or a default under, or give rise to any Lien, any
acceleration of  remedies or any right of termination under, any law, rule or
regulation  or any judgment, decree, order, governmental permit or license,
or  agreement, indenture or instrument of the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries or to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any  of
their respective properties is subject or bound, (B) constitute a  breach or
violation of, or a default under, the articles of association  or bylaws (or
similar governing documents) of the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries or
(C) require any consent or approval under any such law,  rule, regulation,
judgment, decree, order, governmental permit or  license, agreement,
indenture or instrument.   (g) Financial Reports; Undisclosed Liabilities. 
------------------------------------------   (i) The Company\'s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal  year ended December 31, 2001 and all
other reports, registration  statements, definitive proxy statements or
information statements filed  or to be filed by it subsequent to December 31,
1999 under the  Securities Act or the Exchange Act, in the form filed or to
be filed  with the SEC (collectively, the Company\'s "SEC Documents"), as of
the  date filed or to be filed, (A) complied or will comply in all material 
respects as to form with the applicable requirements under the  Securities
Act or the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and (B) did not  and will not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to  state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make  the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which  they were made, not
misleading, except that information as of a later  date shall be deemed to
modify information as of an earlier date; and  each of the consolidated
balance sheets contained in any such SEC  Document (including the related
notes and schedules thereto) fairly  presents, or will fairly present, the
consolidated financial position of  the Company and its Subsidiaries as of
its date, and each of the  consolidated statements of income and changes in
shareholders\' equity  and cash flows or equivalent statements in such SEC
Documents (including  any related notes and schedules thereto) fairly
presents, or will fairly  present, the consolidated results of operations,
changes in  shareholders\' equity and changes in cash flows, as the case may
be, of  the Company and its Subsidiaries for the periods to which they
relate,  in each case in accordance with GAAP consistently applied during
the  periods involved, except in each case as may be noted therein.   (ii)
Since June 30, 2002, neither the Company nor any  of its Subsidiaries has
incurred any liability other than in the  ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice (excluding the  incurrence of expenses related
to this Agreement and the transactions  contemplated hereby).    24  
29    (iii) Since June 30, 2002, (A) the Company and its Subsidiaries 
have conducted their respective businesses in the ordinary and usual  course
consistent with past practice (excluding the incurrence of  expenses related
to this Agreement and the Transactions) and (B) no  event has occurred or
circumstance arisen that, individually or taken  together with all other
facts, circumstances and events (described in  any paragraph of this Section
5.03 or otherwise), is reasonably likely  to have a Material Adverse Effect
with respect to the Company.   (iv) No agreement pursuant to which any loans
or other assets  have been or shall be sold by the Company or its
Subsidiaries entitled  the buyer of such loans or other assets, unless there
is material breach  of a representation or covenant by the Company or its
Subsidiaries, to  cause the Company or its Subsidiaries to repurchase such
loan or other  asset or the buyer to pursue any other form of recourse
against the  Company or its Subsidiaries. Except for regular quarterly cash
dividends  not in excess of $0.18 per share on the Company Common Stock and
the  issuance of shares of Company Common Stock in connection with the 
acquisition of American Bank of Connecticut, since December 31, 1999, no 
cash, stock or other dividend or any other distribution with respect to  the
Company Stock has been declared, set aside or paid. No shares of  Company
Stock have been purchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired,  directly or
indirectly, by the Company since June 30, 2002, and no  agreements have been
made to do the foregoing.   (h) Litigation. No litigation, claim or other
proceeding before any  ---------- court or governmental agency is pending
against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and, to the Company\'s
knowledge, no such litigation, claim or other proceeding has been threatened
and there are no facts which could reasonably give rise to such litigation,
claim or other proceeding.   (i) Regulatory Matters. 
------------------   (i) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor
any  of any of their respective properties is a party to or is subject to
any  order, decree, agreement, memorandum of understanding or similar 
arrangement with, or a commitment letter or similar submission to, or 
extraordinary supervisory letter from, any federal or state governmental 
agency or authority charged with the supervision or regulation of  financial
institutions or issuers of securities or engaged in the  insurance of
deposits or the supervision or regulation of it  (collectively, the "Company
Regulatory Authorities"). The Company and  its Subsidiaries have paid all
assessments made or imposed by any  Company Regulatory Authority.   (ii)
Neither the Company nor any its Subsidiaries has been  advised by, or has any
knowledge of facts which could give rise to an  advisory notice by, any
Company Regulatory Authority that such Company  Regulatory Authority is
contemplating issuing or requesting (or is  considering the appropriateness
of issuing or requesting) any such  order, decree, agreement, memorandum of
understanding, commitment  letter, supervisory letter or similar
submission.   (j) Compliance With Laws. Each of the Company and its
Subsidiaries:  --------------------   25   30    (i) is in material
compliance with all applicable federal,  state, local and foreign statutes,
laws, regulations, ordinances, rules,  judgments, orders or decrees
applicable thereto or to the employees  conducting such businesses,
including, without limitation, the Equal  Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair
Housing Act, the Community Reinvestment  Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure
Act, the Bank Secrecy Act and all  other applicable fair lending laws and
other laws relating to  discriminatory business practices;   (ii) has all
permits, licenses, authorizations, orders and  approvals of, and has made all
filings, applications and registrations  with, all Governmental Authorities
that are required in order to permit  them to own or lease their properties
and to conduct their businesses as  presently conducted; all such permits,
licenses, certificates of  authority, orders and approvals are in full force
and effect and, to the  Company\'s knowledge, no suspension or cancellation
of any of them is  threatened; and   (iii) has received, since December 31,
1999, no notification  or communication from any Governmental Authority (A)
asserting that the  Company or any of its Subsidiaries is not in compliance
with any of the  statutes, regulations or ordinances which such Governmental
Authority  enforces or (B) threatening to revoke any license, franchise,
permit or  governmental authorization (nor, to the Company\'s knowledge, do
any  grounds for any of the foregoing exist).   (k) Material Contracts;
Defaults.  ----------------------------   (i) Except for documents listed
as exhibits to the Company\'s  SEC Documents and for this Agreement,
including the Annexes hereto,  neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is a party to, bound by  or subject to any agreement, contract,
arrangement, commitment or  understanding (whether written or oral) (i) with
respect to the  employment of any directors, officers, employees or
consultants, (ii)  which would entitle any present or former director,
officer, employee or  agent of the Company or its Subsidiaries to
indemnification from the  Company or its Subsidiaries, (iii) which is a
material contract (as  defined in Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K of the
SEC) to be performed  after the date of this Agreement that has not been
filed or incorporated  by reference in the Company\'s SEC Documents, (iv)
which is a consulting  agreement (including data processing, software
programming and licensing  contracts) not terminable on 60 days or less
notice and involving the  payment of more than $50,000 per annum or (v) which
materially restricts  the conduct of any business by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries  (collectively, "Material Contracts"). The Company has
previously  delivered or made available to Parent true and correct copies of
each  such document.   (ii) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
is in  material default under any contract, agreement, commitment,
arrangement,  lease, insurance policy or other instrument to which it is a
party, by  which its respective assets, business, or operations may be bound
or  affected, or under which it or its respective assets, business, or 
operations receives benefits, and, to the Company\'s knowledge, there has 
not occurred   26   31   any event that, with the lapse of time or the
giving of notice or both,  would constitute such a default. No power of
attorney or similar  authorization given directly or indirectly by the
Company or any of its  Subsidiaries is currently outstanding.   (l) No
Brokers. No action has been taken by the Company or any of  ---------- its
Subsidiaries that would give rise to any valid claim against any party hereto
for a brokerage commission, finder\'s fee or other like payment with respect
to the Transactions, excluding a Previously Disclosed fee to be paid
to Sandler O\'Neill and Partners, L.P.   (m) Employee Benefit Plans. 
----------------------   (i) All benefit and compensation plans, contracts,
policies  or arrangements covering current or former employees of the Company
and  its Subsidiaries (the "Employees") and current or former directors of 
the Company including, but not limited to, "employee benefit plans"  within
the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, and deferred compensation,  stock
option, stock purchase, stock appreciation rights, stock based,  incentive
and bonus plans (the "Benefits Plans"), are Previously  Disclosed in the
Disclosure Schedule. True and complete copies of all  Benefit Plans
including, but not limited to, any trust instruments and  insurance contracts
forming a part of any Benefit Plans and all  amendments thereto have been
provided or made available to Parent.   (ii) All Benefits Plans other than
"multiemployer plans"  within the meaning of Section 3(37) of ERISA, covering
Employees, to the  extent subject to ERISA, are in substantial compliance
with ERISA. Each  Benefit Plan which is an "employee pension benefit plan"
within the  meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA (a "Pension Plan") and which
is  intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code, has received 
a favorable determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service, and  the
Company is not aware of any circumstances likely to result in  revocation of
any such favorable determination letter or the loss of the  qualification of
such Pension Plan under Section 401(a) of the Code.  There is no material
pending or, to the Company\'s knowledge, threatened  litigation relating to
the Benefits Plans. Neither the Company nor any  of its Subsidiaries has
engaged in a transaction with respect to any  Benefit Plan or Pension Plan
that, assuming the taxable period of such  transaction expired as of the date
hereof, could subject the Company or  any of its Subsidiaries to a tax or
penalty imposed by either Section  4975 of the Code or Section 502(i) of
ERISA in an amount which would be  material.   (iii) No liability under
Subtitle C or D of Title IV of ERISA  has been or is expected to be incurred
by the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries with respect to any ongoing,
frozen or terminated  "single-employer plan," within the meaning of Section
4001(a)(15) of  ERISA, currently or formerly maintained by any of them, or
the  single-employer plan of any entity which is considered one employer
with  the Company under Section 4001 of ERISA or Section 414 of the Code
(an  "ERISA Affiliate"). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
has  incurred, and neither expects to incur, any withdrawal liability with 
respect to a multiemployer plan under Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA 
(regardless of whether based on contributions of an ERISA Affiliate). No 
notice of a "reportable event," within the meaning of Section 4043 of  ERISA
for which the 30-day reporting requirement has not been waived,  has been
required to be filed for any   27   32   Pension Plan or by any ERISA
Affiliate within the 12-month period ending  on the date hereof or will be
required to be filed in connection with  the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement.   (iv) All contributions required to be made under the terms
of  any Benefit Plan have been timely made or have been reflected on the 
financial statements of the Company included in the Company\'s SEC 
Documents. Neither any Pension Plan nor any single-employer plan of an  ERISA
Affiliate has an "accumulated funding deficiency" (whether or not  waived)
within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of  ERISA and no
ERISA Affiliate has an outstanding funding waiver. Neither  the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries has provided, or is required to  provide, security to
any Pension Plan or to any single-employer plan of  an ERISA Affiliate
pursuant to Section 401(a)(29) of the Code.   (v) Under each Pension Plan
which is a single-employer plan,  as of the last day of the most recent plan
year ended prior to the date  hereof, the actuarially determined present
value of all "benefit  liabilities," within the meaning of Section
4001(a)(16) of ERISA (as  determined on the basis of the actuarial
assumptions contained in the  Pension Plan\'s most recent actuarial
valuation), did not exceed the then  current value of the assets of such
Pension Plan, and there has been no  material change in the financial
condition of such Plan since the last  day of the most recent plan year.  
(vi) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any  obligations for
retiree health and life benefits under any Benefit Plan,  other than coverage
as may be required under Section 4980B of the Code  or Part 6 of Title I of
ERISA, or under the continuation of coverage  provisions of the laws of any
state or locality. The Company or any of  its Subsidiaries may amend or
terminate any such Benefit Plan at any  time without incurring any liability
thereunder.   (vii) None of the execution of this Agreement, shareholder 
approval of this Agreement or consummation of the transactions  contemplated
by this Agreement, including the Annexes hereto, will (A)  entitle any
employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to  severance pay or any
increase in severance pay upon any termination of  employment after the date
hereof, (B) accelerate the time of payment or  vesting or trigger any payment
or funding (through a grantor trust or  otherwise) of compensation or
benefits under, increase the amount  payable or trigger any other material
obligation pursuant to, any of the  Benefit Plans, (C) result in any breach
or violation of, or a default  under, any of the Benefit Plans or (D) result
in any payment that would  be a "parachute payment" to a "disqualified
individual" as those terms  are defined in Section 280G of the Code, without
regard to whether such  payment is reasonable compensation for personal
services performed or to  be performed in the future.   (viii) On or prior
to the date hereof, the Board of Directors  of the Company Bank has duly and
validly approved amendments to Sections  4.1 and 4.2 of the Company Bank
Severance Plan, as well as amended and  restated Section 4.5 of the Company
Bank Severance Plan, in each case in  the form Previously Disclosed by the
Company to Parent, and each such  amendment to the Company Bank Severance
Plan is a valid and legally   28   33    binding obligation of the
Company Bank which is enforceable in  accordance with its terms against each
Participant in the Company Bank  Severance Plan (as defined therein),
including without limitation each  Participant who has been designated as a
Designated Officer (as defined  in the Company Bank Severance Plan)
thereunder.   (n) Labor Matters. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is a party to or is bound by any collective bargaining
agreement, contract or other agreement or understanding with a labor union or
labor organization, nor is the Company or any of its Subsidiaries the subject
of a proceeding asserting that it has committed an unfair labor practice
(within the meaning of the National Labor Relations Act) or seeking to compel
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to bargain with any labor organization
as to wages or conditions of employment, nor is there any strike or other
labor dispute involving it or any of its Subsidiaries pending or, to the
Company\'s knowledge, threatened, nor is the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries aware of any activity involving its employees seeking to certify
a collective bargaining unit or engaging in other organizational
activity.   (o) Environmental Matters.  ----------------------   (i) The
Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with  applicable Environmental
Laws; (ii) to the Company\'s knowledge, no real  property (including
buildings or other structures) currently or formerly  owned or operated by
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any  property in which the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries has held a  security interest, Lien or a fiduciary
or management role ("Company Loan  Property"), has been contaminated with, or
has had any release of, any  Hazardous Substance except in compliance with
Environmental Laws; (iii)  to the Company\'s knowledge, neither the Company
nor any of its  Subsidiaries could be deemed the owner or operator of, or
has  participated in the management regarding Hazardous Substances of, any 
Company Loan Property which has been contaminated with, or has had any 
release of, any Hazardous Substance except in compliance with  Environmental
Laws; (iv) to the Company\'s knowledge, neither the Company  nor any of its
Subsidiaries has any liability for any Hazardous  Substance disposal or
contamination on any third party property; (v)  neither the Company nor any
of its Subsidiaries has received any notice,  demand letter, claim or request
for information alleging any violation  of, or liability under, any
Environmental Law; (vi) neither the Company  nor any of its Subsidiaries is
subject to any order, decree, injunction  or other agreement with any
Governmental Authority or any third party  relating to any Environmental Law;
(vii) to the Company\'s knowledge,  there are no circumstances or conditions
(including the presence of  asbestos, underground storage tanks, lead
products, polychlorinated  biphenyls, prior manufacturing operations, dry-
cleaning, or automotive  services) involving the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, any  currently or formerly owned or operated property, or any
Company Loan  Property, that could reasonably be expected to result in any
claims,  liability or investigations against the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries, result in any restrictions on the ownership, use, or  transfer
of any property pursuant to any Environmental Law, or adversely  affect the
value of any Company Loan Property; and (viii) the Company  has Previously
Disclosed or made available to Parent copies of all  environmental reports,
studies, sampling data, correspondence and  filings in its possession or
reasonably   29   33   available to it relating to the Company, its
Subsidiaries and any  currently or formerly owned or operated property or any
Company Loan  Property.   As used herein, the term "Environmental Laws"
means any federal,  state or local law, regulation, order, decree, permit,
authorization,  opinion or agency requirement relating to: (A) the protection
or  restoration of the environment, health, safety, or natural resources, 
(B) the handling, use, presence, disposal, release or threatened release  of
any Hazardous Substance or (C) wetlands, indoor air, pollution, 
contamination or any injury or threat of injury to persons or property  in
connection with any Hazardous Substance; and the term "Hazardous  Substance"
means any substance that is: (A) listed, classified or  regulated pursuant to
any Environmental Law, (B) any petroleum product  or by-product, asbestos-
containing material, lead-containing paint or  plumbing, polychlorinated
biphenyls, radioactive materials or radon or  (C) any other substance which
is the subject of regulatory action by any  Governmental Authority in
connection with any Environmental Law.   (p) Tax Matters.  -----------  
(i) (A) All Tax Returns that are required to be filed on or  before the
Effective Date (taking into account any extensions of time  within which to
file which have not expired) by or with respect to the  Company Group have
been or will be timely filed on or before the  Effective Date, (B) all such
Tax Returns are or will be true and  complete in all material respects, (C)
all Taxes shown to be due on the  Tax Returns referred to in clause (A) have
been or will be timely paid  in full, (D) the Tax Returns referred to in
clause (A) have been  examined by the Internal Revenue Service or the
appropriate Tax  authority or the period for assessment of the Taxes in
respect of which  such Tax Returns were required to be filed has expired, (E)
all  deficiencies asserted or assessments made as a result of examinations 
conducted by any taxing authority have been paid in full, (F) no  material
issues that have been raised by the relevant taxing authority  in connection
with the examination of any of the Tax Returns referred to  in clause (A) are
currently pending and (G) no member of the Company  Group has waived any
statutes of limitation with respect to any Taxes of  the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries.   (ii) The Company has made available to Parent true and
correct  copies of the United States federal income Tax Returns filed by
the  Company and its Subsidiaries for each of the three most recent fiscal 
years ended on or before December 31, 2001.   (iii) Neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries has any  liability with respect to income, franchise
or similar Taxes that  accrued on or before the end of the most recent period
covered by the  Company\'s SEC Documents filed prior to the date hereof in
excess of the  amounts accrued with respect thereto that are reflected in the
financial  statements included in the Company\'s SEC Documents filed on or
prior to  the date hereof.   (iv) Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is a  party to any Tax allocation or sharing agreement, is or
has been a  member of an affiliated group filing consolidated or combined
Tax  Returns (other than a group the common parent of which   30  
34    is or was the Company) or otherwise has any liability for the Taxes
of  any Person (other than the Company and its Subsidiaries).   (v) No
closing agreements, private letter rulings, technical  advice memoranda or
similar agreement or rulings have been entered into  or issued by any taxing
authority with respect to the Company and its  Subsidiaries.   (vi) Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries maintains  any compensation plans,
programs or arrangements the payments under  which would not reasonably be
expected to be deductible as a result of  the limitations under Section
162(m) of the Code and the regulations  issued thereunder.   (vii) As of
the date hereof, the Company has no reason to  believe that any conditions
exist that might prevent or impede the  Merger from qualifying as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section  368(a) of the Code.   (viii)
(A) No Tax is required to be withheld pursuant to Section  1445 of the Code
as a result of the Transactions and (B) all Taxes that  the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries is or was required by law to  withhold or collect have been
duly withheld or collected and, to the  extent required by applicable law,
have been paid to the proper  Governmental Authority or other Person.   (q)
Risk Management Instruments. Neither the Company nor any of its 
--------------------------- Subsidiaries is a party or has agreed to enter
into an exchange traded or over-the-counter equity, interest rate, foreign
exchange or other swap, forward, future, option, cap, floor or collar or any
other contract that is not included on the balance sheet and is a derivatives
contract (including various combinations thereof) (each, a "Derivatives
Contract") or owns securities that (i) are referred to generically as
"structured notes," "high risk mortgage derivatives," "capped floating rate
notes" or "capped floating rate mortgage derivatives" or (ii) are likely to
have changes in value as a result of interest or exchange rate changes that
significantly exceed normal changes in value attributable to interest or
exchange rate changes, except for those Derivatives Contracts and other
instruments legally purchased or entered into in the ordinary course of
business, consistent with safe and sound banking practices and regulatory
guidance. All of such Derivatives Contracts or other instruments, are legal,
valid and binding obligations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
enforceable in accordance with their terms (except as enforcement may be
limited by general principles of equity whether applied in a court of law or
a court of equity and by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer and similar laws affecting
creditors\' rights and remedies generally), and are in full force and effect.
The Company and its Subsidiaries have duly performed in all material respects
all of their material obligations thereunder to the extent that such
obligations to perform have accrued; and, to the Company\'s knowledge, there
are no breaches, violations or defaults or allegations or assertions of such
by any party thereunder which would have or would reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.   31   35   (r) Loans;
Nonperforming and Classified Assets. 
------------------------------------------   (i) Each Loan on the books and
records of the Company and its  Subsidiaries, was made and has been serviced
in all material respects in  accordance with customary lending standards in
the ordinary course of  business, is evidenced in all material respects by
appropriate and  sufficient documentation and, to the knowledge of the
Company,  constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the obligor
named  therein, except as enforcement may be limited by applicable
bankruptcy,  insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer and
similar  laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditor\'s
rights  or by general equity principles.   (ii) The Company has Previously
Disclosed as to the Company  and each Company Subsidiary as of the latest
practicable date: (i) any  written or, to the Company\'s knowledge, oral Loan
under the terms of  which the obligor is 60 or more days delinquent in
payment of principal  or interest, or to the Company\'s knowledge, in default
of any other  material provision thereof; (ii) each Loan which has been
classified as  "substandard," "doubtful," "loss" or "special mention" (or
words of  similar import) by the Company, a Company Subsidiary or an
applicable  regulatory authority (it being understood that no representation
is  being made that the FDIC or the Connecticut Bank Commissioner would 
agree with the loan classifications established by the Company); (iii) a 
listing of the OREO acquired by foreclosure or by deed-in-lieu thereof, 
including the book value thereof; and (iv) each Loan with any director, 
executive officer or five percent or greater shareholder of the Company  or a
Company Subsidiary, or to the best knowledge of the Company, any  Person
controlling, controlled by or under common control with any of  the
foregoing.   (s) Properties. All real and personal property owned by the
Company or  ---------- a Subsidiary of the Company or presently used by any
of them in its respective business is in an adequate condition (ordinary wear
and tear excepted) and is sufficient to carry on its business in the ordinary
course of business consistent with its past practices. The Company has good
and marketable title free and clear of all Liens to all of the material
properties and assets, real and personal, reflected on the consolidated
statement of financial condition of the Company as of June 30, 2002 included
in the Company\'s SEC Documents or acquired after such date, other than
properties sold by the Company in the ordinary course of business, except (i)
Liens for current taxes and assessments not yet due or payable (ii) pledges
to secure deposits and other Liens incurred in the ordinary course of its
banking business, (iii) such imperfections of title, easements and
encumbrances, if any, as are not material in character, amount or extent and
(iv) as reflected on the consolidated statement of financial condition of the
Company as of June 30, 2002 included in the Company\'s SEC Documents. All
real and personal property which is material to the Company\'s business on a
consolidated basis and leased or licensed by the Company or a Subsidiary of
the Company is held pursuant to leases or licenses which are valid and
enforceable in accordance with their respective terms and such leases
will not terminate or lapse due to action or inaction of the Company prior to
the Effective Time.   (t) Intellectual Property. The Company and each
Subsidiary of the  --------------------- Company owns or possesses valid and
binding licenses and other rights to use without payment of any material
amount all material patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trade names, service
marks and trademarks   32   36  used in its businesses, all of which
have been Previously Disclosed by the Company, and none of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries has received any notice of conflict with respect thereto
that asserts the right of others. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries
have performed in all material respects all the obligations required to be
performed by them and are not in default under any contract, agreement,
arrangement or commitment relating to any of the foregoing.   (u) Fiduciary
Accounts. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has 
------------------ properly administered all accounts for which it acts as a
fiduciary, including but not limited to accounts for which it serves as a
trustee, agent, custodian, personal representative, guardian, conservator or
investment advisor, in accordance with the terms of the governing documents
and applicable laws and regulations. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, any of their respective directors, officers or employees, has
committed any breach of trust with respect to any fiduciary account and the
records for each such fiduciary account are true and correct and accurately
reflect the assets of such fiduciary account.   (v) Books and Records. The
books and records of the Company and its  ----------------- Subsidiaries are
being maintained in material compliance with applicable legal and accounting
requirements, and such books and records accurately reflect in all material
respects all dealings and transactions in respect of the business, assets,
liabilities and affairs of the Company and its Subsidiaries.   (w)
Insurance. The Company has Previously Disclosed all of the 
---------- material insurance policies, binders, or bonds currently
maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries ("Insurance Policies").
The Company and its Subsidiaries are insured with reputable insurers against
such risks and in such amounts as the management of the Company reasonably
has determined to be prudent in accordance with industry practices. All the
Insurance Policies are in full force and effect; the Company and its
Subsidiaries are not in material default thereunder; and all claims
thereunder have been filed in due and timely fashion.   (x) Allowance For
Loan Losses. The Company\'s allowance for loan 
---------------------------- losses is, and shall be as of the Effective
Date, in compliance with the Company\'s existing methodology for determining
the adequacy of its allowance for loan losses as well as the standards
established by applicable Governmental Authorities and the Financial
Accounting Standards Board and is and shall be adequate under all such
standards.   (y) Transactions With Affiliates. All "covered transactions"
between  ---------------------------- a Company Bank and an "affiliate"
within the meaning of Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act have
been in compliance with such provisions.   (z) Required Vote; Antitakeover
Provisions.  --------------------------------------   (i) The affirmative
vote of the holders of a majority of the  outstanding shares of Company
Common Stock is necessary to approve and  adopt this Agreement and the
Transactions on behalf of the Company. No  other vote of the shareholders of
the Company is required by law, the  Company Articles, the Company Bylaws or
otherwise to approve this  Agreement and the Transactions.    33  
37   (ii) Based on the representation and warranty of Parent  contained in
Section 5.04(m), no "control share acquisition," "business  combination
moratorium," "fair price" or other form of antitakeover  statute or
regulation is applicable to this Agreement or the  Transactions. Without
limiting the foregoing, the Company Board has  approved this Agreement and
the Transactions and taken all other  requisite action such that the
provisions of the Company Articles  relating to special voting requirements
for certain business  combinations will not apply to this Agreement or the
Transactions.   (aa) Fairness Opinion. The Company Board has received the
written  ----------------- opinion of Sandler O\'Neill and Partners, L.P. to
the effect that as of the date hereof the Merger Consideration is fair to the
holders of Company Common Stock from a financial point of view.   (bb)
Transactions in Securities. Neither the Company nor, to the 
-------------------------- Company\'s knowledge, (a) any director or officer
of the Company or the Company\'s Subsidiaries covered by the Company\'s
insider trading policy, (b) any person related to any such director or
officer by blood, marriage or adoption and residing in the same household and
(c) any person who has been knowingly provided material nonpublic information
by any one or more of these persons, has purchased or sold, or caused to be
purchased or sold, any shares of Company Common Stock or other securities
issued by the Company (i) during any period when the Company was in
possession of material nonpublic information or (ii) in violation of any
applicable provision of the Exchange Act.   (cc) Disclosure. The
representations and warranties contained in this  ---------- Section 5.03,
when considered as a whole, do not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the
statements and information contained in this Section 5.03 not misleading.  
5.04. Representations and Warranties of Parent. Subject to Sections 
------------------------------------------ 5.01 and 5.02 and except as
Previously Disclosed, Parent hereby represents and warrants to the Company as
follows:   (a) Organization, Standing and Authority. Parent is duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State
of Maine. Parent is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in
each jurisdiction where its ownership or leasing of property or assets or the
conduct of its business requires it to be so qualified. Parent has in effect
all federal, state, local and foreign governmental authorizations necessary
for it to own or lease its properties and assets and to carry on its business
as it is now conducted.   (b) Parent Stock.  ------------   (i) As of
the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of  Parent consists solely of
400,000,000 shares of Parent Common Stock, of  which 147,964,345 shares were
outstanding as of the date hereof, and  5,000,000 shares of Parent Preferred
Stock, of which no shares were  outstanding as of the date hereof. The
outstanding shares of Parent  Common Stock have been duly authorized and
validly issued and are fully  paid and non-assessable, and none of the shares
of Parent Common Stock  have been issued in violation of the preemptive
rights of any Person. As  of the date hereof, there are no Rights   
34   38   authorized, issued or outstanding with respect to the capital
stock of  Parent, except for (i) shares of Parent Common Stock issuable
pursuant  to the Parent Benefits Plans, (ii) shares of Parent Common Stock
and/or  Parent Preferred Stock issuable upon the exercise of Parent Rights, 
(iii) shares of Parent Common Stock issuable in connection with the  pending
acquisition of Warren Bancorp, Inc. and (iv) by virtue of this 
Agreement.   (ii) The shares of Parent Common Stock to be issued in 
exchange for shares of Company Common Stock in the Merger, when issued  in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, will be duly authorized, 
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and the issuance thereof is  not
subject to any preemptive right.   (c) Subsidiaries.  ------------   (i)
As of the date hereof, the only subsidiary of Parent  which constitutes a
Significant Subsidiary is the Parent Bank. The  Parent Bank has been duly
organized and is validly existing in good  standing under the laws of the
United States and is duly qualified to do  business and in good standing in
the jurisdictions where its ownership  or leasing of property or the conduct
of its business requires it to be  so qualified. The Parent Bank is duly
licensed by the OCC and its  deposits are insured by the FDIC in the manner
and to the maximum extent  provided by law.   (ii) As of the date hereof,
(A) Parent owns, directly or  indirectly, all the issued and outstanding
equity securities of the  Parent Bank, (B) no equity securities of the Parent
Bank are or may  become required to be issued (other than to Parent) by
reason of any  Right or otherwise, (C) there are no contracts, commitments, 
understandings or arrangements by which the Parent Bank is or may be  bound
to sell or otherwise transfer any of its equity securities (other  than to
Parent or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries) and (D) there  are no
contracts, commitments, understandings, or arrangements relating  to
Parent\'s rights to vote or to dispose of such securities.   (d) Corporate
Power. Each of Parent and the Parent Bank has the  --------------- corporate
power and authority to carry on its business as it is now being conducted and
to own all its properties and assets. Parent has the corporate power and
authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under
this Agreement and to consummate the Transactions, subject to the receipt of
all necessary approvals of Governmental Authorities.   (e) Corporate
Authority. This Agreement and the Transactions have 
------------------- been authorized by all necessary corporate action of
Parent and the Parent Board. This Agreement has been duly executed and
delivered by Parent and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery
by the Company, this Agreement is a valid and legally binding agreement of
Parent enforceable in accordance with its terms (except as enforceability may
be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium,
fraudulent transfer and similar laws of general applicability relating to or
affecting creditors\' rights or by general equity principles).   35  
39    (f) Regulatory Approvals; No Defaults. 
---------------------------------   (i) No consents or approvals of, or
waivers by, or filings or  registrations with, any Governmental Authority or
with any third party  are required to be made or obtained by Parent or any of
its Subsidiaries  in connection with the execution, delivery or performance
by Parent and  the Parent Bank of this Agreement and the Bank Merger
Agreement, as  applicable, or to consummate the Transactions, except for (A)
filings of  applications or notices with and approvals or waivers by the
Federal  Reserve Board, the OCC, the Connecticut Bank Commissioner and the
Maine  Superintendent, as required, (B) filings with the SEC and state 
securities authorities, as applicable, in connection with the submission  of
this Agreement for the approval of the holders of Company Common  Stock and
the issuance of Parent Common Stock in the Merger, (C) the  approval of the
listing on Nasdaq of the Parent Common Stock to be  issued in the Merger, (D)
the filing of Articles of Merger with the  Secretary of State of the State of
Maine pursuant to the MBCA and the  filing of a Certificate of Merger with
the Secretary of State of the  State of Delaware pursuant to the DGCL and (E)
such corporate approvals  and such consents or approvals of, or waivers by,
or filings or  registrations with, certain of the foregoing federal and state
banking  agencies in connection with the Bank Merger. As of the date
hereof,  Parent is not aware of any reason why the approvals set forth above
and  referred to in Section 7.01(b) will not be received in a timely manner 
and without the imposition of a condition, restriction or requirement of  the
type described in Section 7.01(b).   (ii) Subject to receipt, or the making,
of the consents,  approvals, waivers and filings referred to in the preceding
paragraph  and expiration of the related waiting periods, the execution,
delivery  and performance of this Agreement and the Bank Merger Agreement
by  Parent and the Parent Bank, as applicable, and the consummation of the 
Transactions do not and will not (A) constitute a breach or violation  of, or
a default under, or give rise to any Lien, any acceleration of  remedies or
any right of termination under, any law, rule or regulation  or any judgment,
decree, order, governmental permit or license, or  agreement, indenture or
instrument of Parent or of any of its  Subsidiaries or to which Parent or any
of its Subsidiaries or properties  is subject or bound, (B) constitute a
breach or violation of, or a  default under, the articles of incorporation or
bylaws (or similar  governing documents) of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries
or (C) require  any consent or approval under any such law, rule, regulation,
judgment,  decree, order, governmental permit or license, agreement,
indenture or  instrument.   (g) Financial Reports and SEC Documents;
Material Adverse Effect. 
------------------------------------------------------------   (i) Parent\'s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year  ended December 31, 2001 and
all other reports, registration statements,  definitive proxy statements or
information statements filed or to be  filed by it subsequent to December 31,
1999 under the Securities Act or  under the Exchange Act, in the form filed
or to be filed with the SEC  (collectively, Parent\'s "SEC Documents"), as of
the date filed or to be  filed, (A) complied or will comply in all material
respects as to form  with the applicable requirements under the Securities
Act or the  Exchange Act, as the case may be, and (B) did not and will not
contain  any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact  required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements 
therein, in   36   40   the light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not  misleading, except that information as of a later date shall
be deemed  to modify information as of an earlier date; and each of the 
consolidated balance sheets contained in or incorporated by reference  into
any such SEC Document (including the related notes and schedules  thereto)
fairly presents, or will fairly present, the consolidated  financial position
of Parent and its Subsidiaries as of its date, and  each of the consolidated
statements of income and changes in  shareholders\' equity and cash flows or
equivalent statements in such SEC  Documents (including any related notes and
schedules thereto) fairly  presents, or will fairly present, the consolidated
results of  operations, changes in shareholders\' equity and changes in cash
flows,  as the case may be, of Parent and its Subsidiaries for the periods
to  which they relate, in each case in accordance with GAAP consistently 
applied during the periods involved, except in each case as may be noted 
therein.   (ii) Since June 30, 2002, no event has occurred or  circumstance
arisen that, individually or taken together with all other  facts,
circumstances and events (described in any paragraph of this  Section 5.04 or
otherwise), is reasonably likely to have a Material  Adverse Effect with
respect to Parent.   (h) Litigation. No litigation, claim or other
proceeding before any  ---------- court or governmental agency is pending
against Parent or its Subsidiaries and, to Parent\'s knowledge, no such
litigation, claim or other proceeding has been threatened and there are no
facts which could reasonably give rise to such litigation, claim or other
proceeding.   (i) No Brokers. No action has been taken by Parent or its 
----------- Subsidiaries that would give rise to any valid claim against any
party hereto for a brokerage commission, finder\'s fee or other like payment
with respect to the Transactions, excluding a Previously Disclosed fee to be
paid to Keefe, Bruyette and Woods, Inc.   (j) Tax Matters. As of the date
hereof, Parent does not have any  ----------- reason to believe that any
conditions exist that might prevent or impede the Merger from qualifying as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.   (k)
Regulatory Matters.  ------------------   (i) Neither Parent nor any of its
Subsidiaries nor any of any  of their respective properties is a party to or
is subject to any order,  decree, agreement, memorandum of understanding or
similar arrangement  with, or a commitment letter or similar submission to,
or extraordinary  supervisory letter from, any federal or state governmental
agency or  authority charged with the supervision or regulation of
financial  institutions or issuers of securities or engaged in the insurance
of  deposits or the supervision or regulation of it (collectively, the 
"Parent Regulatory Authorities"). Parent and its Subsidiaries have paid  all
assessments made or imposed by any Parent Regulatory Authority.   (ii)
Neither Parent nor any its Subsidiaries has been advised  by, and does not
have any knowledge of facts which could give rise to an  advisory notice by,
any Parent Regulatory Authority that such Parent  Regulatory Authority is
contemplating issuing or    37   41    requesting (or is considering
the appropriateness of issuing or  requesting) any such order, decree,
agreement, memorandum of  understanding, commitment letter, supervisory
letter or similar  submission.   (l) Compliance With Laws. Each of Parent
and its Subsidiaries:  --------------------   (i) is in material compliance
with all applicable federal,  state, local and foreign statutes, laws,
regulations, ordinances, rules,  judgments, orders or decrees applicable
thereto or to the employees  conducting such businesses, including, without
limitation, the Equal  Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act, the
Community Reinvestment  Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Bank
Secrecy Act and all  other applicable fair lending laws and other laws
relating to  discriminatory business practices;   (ii) has all permits,
licenses, authorizations, orders and  approvals of, and has made all filings,
applications and registrations  with, all Governmental Authorities that are
required in order to permit  them to own or lease their properties and to
conduct their businesses as  presently conducted; all such permits, licenses,
certificates of  authority, orders and approvals are in full force and effect
and, to  Parent\'s knowledge, no suspension or cancellation of any of them
is  threatened; and   (iii) has received, since December 31, 1999, no
notification  or communication from any Governmental Authority (A) asserting
that  Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is not in compliance with any of
the  statutes, regulations or ordinances which such Governmental Authority 
enforces or (B) threatening to revoke any license, franchise, permit or 
governmental authorization (nor, to Parent\'s knowledge, do any grounds  for
any of the foregoing exist).   (m) Ownership of Company Common Stock. None
of Parent or any of its  ---------------------------------- Subsidiaries, or
to Parent\'s knowledge, any of its other affiliates or associates (as such
terms are defined under the Exchange Act), owns beneficially or of record,
directly or indirectly, or is a party to any agreement, arrangement or
understanding for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of,
shares of Company Common Stock (other than shares held in a fiduciary
capacity that are beneficially owned by third parties or as a result of debts
previously contracted) which in the aggregate represent 5% or more of the
outstanding Company Common Stock.   (n) Financial Ability. On the Effective
Date and through the date of  ----------------- payment of the aggregate
amount of cash payable pursuant to Article III hereof, Parent or Parent Bank
will have all funds necessary to consummate the Merger and pay the aggregate
amount of cash to be paid to holders of Company Common Stock pursuant to
Sections 3.01 and 3.02 hereof. Each of Parent and Parent Bank is, and
immediately following completion of the Transactions will be, in
compliance with all capital requirements applicable to it.   (o)
Disclosure. The representations and warranties contained in this 
---------- Section 5.04, when considered as a whole, do not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to   38   42  state any
material fact necessary in order to make the statements and information
contained in this Section 5.04 not misleading.    ARTICLE VI  
COVENANTS   6.01. Reasonable Best Efforts. Subject to the terms and
conditions of  ------------------------ this Agreement, each of the Company
and Parent agrees to use its reasonable best efforts in good faith to take,
or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, all things
necessary, proper or advisable under applicable laws, so as to permit
consummation of the Transactions as promptly as practicable and otherwise to
enable consummation of the Transactions, including the satisfaction of the
conditions set forth in Article VII hereof, and shall cooperate fully with
the other party hereto to that end.   6.02 Shareholder Approval. The Company
agrees to take, in accordance  -------------------- with applicable law and
the Company Articles and Company Bylaws, all action necessary to convene as
soon as reasonably practicable a special meeting of its shareholders to
consider and vote upon the approval of this Agreement and any other matters
required to be approved by the Company\'s shareholders for consummation of
the Transactions (including any adjournment or postponement, the "Company
Meeting"). Except with the prior approval of Parent, no other matters shall
be submitted for the approval of the Company shareholders at the
Company Meeting. The Company Board shall at all times prior to and during
such meeting recommend such approval and shall take all reasonable lawful
action to solicit such approval by its shareholders; provided that nothing in
this Agreement shall prevent the Company Board from withholding, withdrawing,
amending or modifying its recommendation if the Company Board determines,
after consultation with its outside counsel, that such action is legally
required in order for the directors to comply with their fiduciary duties to
the Company shareholders under applicable law; provided, further, that
Section 6.08 shall govern the withholding, withdrawing, amending or modifying
of such recommendation in the circumstances described therein.   6.03.
Registration Statement.  ----------------------   (a) Parent agrees to
prepare a registration statement on Form S-4 or other applicable form (the
"Registration Statement") to be filed by Parent with the SEC in connection
with the issuance of Parent Common Stock in the Merger (including the proxy
statement and prospectus and other proxy solicitation materials of the
Company constituting a part thereof (the "Proxy Statement") and all related
documents). The Company shall prepare and furnish such information relating
to it and its directors, officers and shareholders as may be
reasonably required in connection with the above referenced documents based
on its knowledge of and access to the information required for said
documents, and the Company, and its legal, financial and accounting advisors,
shall have the right to review and comment on such Registration Statement
prior to its filing. The Company agrees to cooperate with Parent and
Parent\'s counsel and accountants in requesting and obtaining appropriate
opinions, consents and letters from its financial advisor and independent
auditor in connection with the Registration Statement and the Proxy
Statement. Provided that the Company has cooperated as described above,
Parent agrees to file, or cause to be filed, the Registration Statement and
the Proxy Statement with the SEC as    39   43  promptly as reasonably
practicable. Each of the Company and Parent agrees to use its reasonable best
efforts to cause the Registration Statement to be declared effective under
the Securities Act as promptly as reasonably practicable after the filing
thereof. Parent also agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to obtain all
necessary state securities law or "Blue Sky" permits and approvals required
to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. After
the Registration Statement is declared effective under the Securities Act,
the Company shall promptly mail at its expense the Proxy Statement to
its shareholders.   (b) Each of the Company and Parent agrees that none of
the information supplied or to be supplied by it for inclusion or
incorporation by reference in (i) the Registration Statement shall, at the
time the Registration Statement and each amendment or supplement thereto, if
any, becomes effective under the Securities Act, contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading and (ii)
the Proxy Statement and any amendment or supplement thereto shall, at the
date(s) of mailing to shareholders and at the time of the Company Meeting,
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading. Each of the Company and Parent further agrees that if
such party shall become aware prior to the Effective Date of any information
furnished by such party that would cause any of the statements in the
Registration Statement or the Proxy Statement to be false or misleading with
respect to any material fact, or to omit to state any material fact necessary
to make the statements therein not false or misleading, to promptly inform
the other parties thereof and to take the necessary steps to correct the
Registration Statement or the Proxy Statement.   (c) Parent agrees to advise
the Company, promptly after Parent receives notice thereof, of the time when
the Registration Statement has become effective or any supplement or
amendment has been filed, of the issuance of any stop order or the suspension
of the qualification of Parent Common Stock for offering or sale in any
jurisdiction, of the initiation or, to the extent Parent is aware thereof,
threat of any proceeding for any such purpose, or of any request by the SEC
for the amendment or supplement of the Registration Statement or
for additional information.   6.04. Regulatory Filings. 
------------------   (a) Each of Parent and the Company and their respective
Subsidiaries shall cooperate and use their respective reasonable best efforts
to prepare all documentation, to effect all filings and to obtain all
permits, consents, approvals and authorizations of all third parties and
Governmental Authorities necessary to consummate the Transactions and any
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including the
consolidation of any Company branches with Parent Bank branches or the
closure of any Company branches, in each case as Parent in its sole
discretion shall deem necessary; provided, however, that in no event shall
such branch closures or consolidations be deemed a condition to Parent\'s
obligation hereunder to consummate the Merger) and the Bank Merger Agreement;
and any initial filings with Governmental Authorities shall be made by Parent
as soon as reasonably practicable after the execution hereof. Each of Parent
and the Company shall have the right to review and comment in advance, and to
the extent practicable each shall consult with the other, in each
case subject to applicable laws relating to the exchange of information, with
respect to all written information submitted to any    40   44  third
party or any Governmental Authority in connection with the Transactions. In
exercising the foregoing right, each of such parties agrees to act
reasonably and as promptly as practicable. Each party hereto agrees that it
shall consult with the other parties hereto with respect to the obtaining of
all permits, consents, approvals, waivers and authorizations of all third
parties and Governmental Authorities necessary or advisable to consummate the
Transactions, and each party shall keep the other parties apprised of the
status of material matters relating to completion of the Transactions.  
(b) Each party agrees, upon request, to furnish the other parties with all
information concerning itself, its Subsidiaries, directors, officers and
shareholders and such other matters as may be reasonably necessary
or advisable in connection with any filing, notice or application made by or
on behalf of such other parties or any of their respective Subsidiaries to
any third party or Governmental Authority.   6.05. Press Releases. The
Company and Parent shall consult with each  -------------- other before
issuing any press release with respect to the Transactions or this Agreement
and shall not issue any such press release or make any such public statements
without the prior consent of the other party, which shall not be unreasonably
withheld; provided, however, that a party may, without the prior consent of
the other party (but after such consultation, to the extent practicable in
the circumstances), issue such press release or make such public statements
as may upon the advice of outside counsel be required by law or the rules or
regulations of Nasdaq. The Company and Parent shall cooperate to develop all
public announcement materials and make appropriate management available at
presentations related to the Transactions as reasonably requested by the
other party.   6.06. Access; Information.  -------------------   (a) The
Company agrees that upon reasonable notice and subject to applicable laws
relating to the exchange of information, it shall afford Parent and Parent\'s
officers, employees, counsel, accountants and other
authorized representatives such access during normal business hours
throughout the period prior to the Effective Time to the books, records
(including, without limitation, Tax Returns and work papers of independent
auditors), properties and personnel of the Company and the Company Bank and
to such other information relating to the Company or the Company Bank as
Parent may reasonably request and, during such period, it shall furnish
promptly to Parent all information concerning the business, properties and
personnel of the Company or the Company Bank as Parent may reasonably
request.   (b) Parent agrees that upon reasonable notice and subject
to applicable laws relating to the exchange of information, it shall afford
the Company and its authorized representatives such access to Parent\'s
personnel as the Company may reasonably request.   (c) Each party agrees
that it will not, and will cause its representatives not to, use any
information obtained pursuant to this Section 6.06 (as well as any other
information obtained prior to the date hereof in connection with the entering
into of this Agreement) for any purpose unrelated to the consummation of the
Transactions. Subject to the requirements of law, each party shall keep
confidential, and shall cause its representatives to keep confidential, all
information and documents obtained pursuant to this Section 6.06 (as well as
any other    41   45  information obtained prior to the date hereof in
connection with the entering into of this Agreement) unless such information
(i) was already known to such party, (ii) becomes available to such party
from other sources not known by such party to be bound by a confidentiality
obligation, (iii) is disclosed with the prior written approval of the party
to which such information pertains or (iv) is or becomes readily
ascertainable from publicly available sources. In the event that this
Agreement is terminated or the Transactions shall otherwise fail to be
consummated, each party shall promptly cause all copies of documents
or extracts thereof containing information and data as to another party
hereto to be returned to the party which furnished the same. No investigation
by any party of the business and affairs of any other party shall affect or
be deemed to modify or waive any representation, warranty, covenant or
agreement in this Agreement, or the conditions to any party\'s obligation to
consummate the Transactions.   6.07. Affiliates. The Company shall use its
reasonable best efforts to  ---------- identify those persons who may be
deemed to be "affiliates" of the Company within the meaning of Rule 145
promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Act (the "Company Affiliates")
and to cause each person so identified to deliver to Parent as soon as
practicable, and in any event prior to the date of the Company Meeting, a
written agreement to comply with the requirements of Rule 145 under the
Securities Act in connection with the sale or other transfer of Parent Common
Stock received in the Merger, which agreement shall be in a form reasonably
satisfactory to the Company.   6.08. Acquisition Proposals. The Company
agrees that neither it nor  --------------------- any of its Subsidiaries
shall, and that it shall direct and use its reasonable best efforts to cause
its and each such Subsidiary\'s directors, officers, employees, agents and
representatives not to, directly or indirectly, initiate, solicit, knowingly
encourage or otherwise facilitate any inquiries or the making of any proposal
or offer with respect to an Acquisition Proposal. The Company further agrees
that neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall, and that it shall
direct and use its reasonable best efforts to cause its and each such
Subsidiary\'s directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives
not to, directly or indirectly, engage in any negotiations concerning, or
provide any confidential information or data to, or have any discussions
with, any Person relating to an Acquisition Proposal, or otherwise knowingly
facilitate any effort or attempt to make or implement an Acquisition
Proposal; provided, however, that nothing contained in this Agreement shall
prevent the Company or the Company Board from (A) complying with its
disclosure obligations under federal or state law; (B) providing information
in response to a request therefor by a Person who has made an unsolicited
bona fide written Acquisition Proposal if the Company Board receives from the
Person so requesting such information an executed confidentiality agreement;
(C) engaging in any negotiations or discussions with any Person who has made
an unsolicited bona fide written Acquisition Proposal or (D) recommending
such an Acquisition Proposal to the shareholders of the Company, if and only
to the extent that, in each such case referred to in clause (B), (C) or (D)
above, (i) the Company Board determines in good faith (after consultation
with outside legal counsel) that such action would be required in order for
its directors to comply with their respective fiduciary duties under
applicable law and (ii) the Company Board determines in good faith (after
consultation with its financial advisor) that such Acquisition Proposal, if
accepted, is reasonably likely to be consummated, taking into account all
legal, financial and regulatory aspects of the proposal and the Person making
the proposal and would, if consummated, result in a transaction more
favorable to the Company\'s shareholders    42   46   from a financial
point of view than the Merger. An Acquisition Proposal which is received and
considered by the Company in compliance with this Section 6.08 and which
meets the requirements set forth in clause (D) of the preceding sentence is
herein referred to as a "Superior Proposal." The Company agrees that it
will immediately cease and cause to be terminated any existing
activities, discussions or negotiations with any parties conducted heretofore
with respect to any Acquisition Proposals. The Company agrees that it will
notify Parent immediately if any such inquiries, proposals or offers are
received by, any such information is requested from, or any such discussions
or negotiations are sought to be initiated or continued with, the Company or
any of its representatives.   6.09. Certain Policies. Prior to the
Effective Date, each of the  ----------------- Company and its Subsidiaries
shall, consistent with GAAP, the rules and regulations of the SEC and
applicable banking laws and regulations, modify or change its loan, OREO,
accrual, reserve, tax, litigation and real estate valuation policies and
practices (including loan classifications and levels of reserves) so as to be
applied on a basis that is consistent with that of Parent; provided, however,
that no such modifications or changes need be made prior to the satisfaction
of the conditions set forth in Sections 7.01(a) and 7.01(b); and further
provided that in any event, no accrual or reserve made by the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries pursuant to this Section 6.09 shall constitute or be
deemed to be a breach, violation of or failure to satisfy any representation,
warranty, covenant, agreement, condition or other provision of this Agreement
or otherwise be considered in determining whether any such breach, violation
or failure to satisfy shall have occurred. The recording of any such
adjustments shall not be deemed to imply any misstatement of
previously furnished financial statements or information and shall not be
construed as concurrence of the Company or its management with any such
adjustments.   6.10. Nasdaq Listing. Parent agrees to use its reasonable
best  --------------- efforts to list, prior to the Effective Date, on the
Nasdaq the shares of Parent Common Stock to be issued in connection with the
Merger.   6.11. Indemnification.  ---------------   (a) From and after
the Effective Time, Parent (the "Indemnifying Party") shall indemnify and
hold harmless each present and former director, officer and employee of the
Company or a Company Subsidiary, as applicable, determined as of the
Effective Time (the "Indemnified Parties") against any costs or expenses
(including reasonable attorneys\' fees), judgments, fines, losses, claims,
damages or liabilities incurred in connection with any claim, action, suit,
proceeding or investigation, whether civil, criminal, administrative or
investigative, arising out of matters existing or occurring at or prior to
the Effective Time, whether asserted or claimed prior to, at or after the
Effective Time, arising in whole or in part out of or pertaining to the fact
that he or she was a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or agent of the
Company or any Company Subsidiary or is or was serving at the request of
the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries as a director, officer,
employee, fiduciary or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint
venture, trust or other enterprise, including without limitation matters
related to the negotiation, execution and performance of this Agreement or
consummation of the Transactions, to the fullest extent which such
Indemnified Parties would be entitled under the Company Articles and Company
Bylaws or equivalent documents of any Company Subsidiary, as applicable, or
any agreement, arrangement or understanding which has been Previously   
43   47  Disclosed by the Company pursuant to this Section, in each case
as in effect on the date hereof. Without limiting the foregoing, Parent also
agrees that limitations on liability existing in favor of the Indemnified
Parties as provided in the Company Articles and Company Bylaws or similar
governing documents of the Company Subsidiaries as in effect on the date
hereof with respect to matters occurring prior to the Effective Time shall
survive the Merger and the Bank Merger and shall continue in full force and
effect from and after the Effective Time.   (b) Any Indemnified Party
wishing to claim indemnification under this Section 6.11, upon learning of
any such claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation, shall promptly
notify the Indemnifying Party, but the failure to so notify shall not relieve
the Indemnifying Party of any liability it may have to such Indemnified Party
if such failure does not actually prejudice the Indemnifying Party. In the
event of any such claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation (whether
arising before or after the Effective Time), (i) the Indemnifying Party shall
have the right to assume the defense thereof and the Indemnifying Party shall
not be liable to such Indemnified Parties for any legal expenses of other
counsel or any other expenses subsequently incurred by such Indemnified
Parties in connection with the defense thereof, except that if
the Indemnifying Party elects not to assume such defense or counsel for
the Indemnified Parties advises that there are issues which raise conflicts
of interest between the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Parties,
the Indemnified Parties may retain counsel which is reasonably satisfactory
to the Indemnifying Party, and the Indemnifying Party shall pay, promptly as
statements therefor are received, the reasonable fees and expenses of such
counsel for the Indemnified Parties (which may not exceed one firm in any
jurisdiction), (ii) the Indemnified Parties will cooperate in the defense of
any such matter, (iii) the Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any
settlement effected without its prior written consent and (iv) the
Indemnifying Party shall have no obligation hereunder in the event that a
federal or state banking agency or a court of competent jurisdiction shall
determine that indemnification of an Indemnified Party in the manner
contemplated hereby is prohibited by applicable laws and regulations.   (c)
Prior the Effective Time, Parent shall cause the persons serving as directors
and officers of the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time to be
covered by the directors\' and officers\' liability insurance
policy maintained by the Company (provided that Parent may substitute
therefor policies of at least the same coverage and amounts containing terms
and conditions which are not materially less advantageous than such policy or
single premium tail coverage with policy limits equal to the Company\'s
existing coverage limits) with respect to acts or omissions occurring prior
to the Effective Time which were committed by such directors and officers in
their capacities as such, provided that in no event shall Parent be required
to expend for any one year an amount in excess of 150% of the annual premium
currently paid by the Company for such insurance (the "Insurance Amount"),
and further provided that if Parent is unable to maintain or obtain the
insurance called for by this Section 6.11(c) as a result of the preceding
provision, Parent shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the most
advantageous coverage as is available for the Insurance Amount.   (d) If
Parent or any of its successors or assigns shall consolidate with or merge
into any other entity and shall not be the continuing or surviving entity of
such consolidation or merger or shall transfer all or substantially all of
its assets to any other entity, then and in each case, proper provision shall
be made so that the successors and assigns of Parent shall assume
the obligations set forth in this Section 6.11.   44   48    6.12
Benefit Plans.  -------------   (a) As soon as administratively practicable
after the Effective Time, Parent shall take all reasonable action so that
employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries shall be entitled to
participate in each employee benefit plan, program or arrangement of Parent
of general applicability (the "Parent Benefits Plans") to the same extent as
similarly-situated employees of Parent and its Subsidiaries (it being
understood that inclusion of the employees of the Company and its
Subsidiaries in the Parent Benefits Plans may occur at different times with
respect to different plans), provided, however, that nothing contained herein
shall require Parent or any of its Subsidiaries to make any grants to
any former employee of the Company or its Subsidiaries under any
discretionary equity compensation plan of Parent. Parent shall cause each
Parent Benefits Plan in which employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries
are eligible to participate to recognize, for purposes of determining
eligibility to participate in, the vesting of benefits and for all other
purposes (but not for accrual of pension benefits) under the Parent Benefit
Plans, the service of such employees with the Company and its Subsidiaries to
the same extent as such service was credited for such purpose by the Company,
provided, however, that such service shall not be recognized to the extent
that such recognition would result in a duplication of benefits. Nothing
herein shall limit the ability of Parent to amend or terminate any of the
Company\'s Benefits Plans in accordance with their terms at any time.   (b)
At and following the Effective Time, Parent shall honor, and the Surviving
Corporation shall continue to be obligated to perform, in accordance with
their terms, all benefit obligations to, and contractual rights of,
current and former employees of the Company existing as of the Effective
Date, as well as all employment, severance, deferred compensation or "change-
in-control" agreements, plans or policies of the Company which are Previously
Disclosed, subject in each case as the same may be modified or terminated
with respect to certain executive officers of the Company pursuant to an
Executive Agreement. Parent acknowledges that the consummation of the Merger
will constitute a "change-in-control" of the Company for purposes of any
employee benefit plans, agreements and arrangements of the Company.   (c)
If employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries become eligible to
participate in a medical, dental or health plan of Parent, Parent shall cause
each such plan to (i) waive any preexisting condition limitations to the
extent such conditions covered under the applicable medical, health or dental
plans of Parent, (ii) provide full credit for under such plans
any deductibles, co-payment and out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the
employees and their beneficiaries during the portion of the calendar year
prior to such participation and (iii) waive any waiting period limitation or
evidence of insurability requirement which would otherwise be applicable to
such employee on or after the Effective Time to the extent such employee had
satisfied any similar limitation or requirement under an analogous Plan prior
to the Effective Time.   (d) For a period of six months following the
Effective Time, Parent shall provide all employees of the Company and its
Subsidiaries whose employment was terminated other than for cause, disability
or retirement at or following the Effective Time, and who so desires, job
counseling and outplacement assistance services in accordance with Parent\'s
employment policies and practices, shall assist such employees in locating
new employment and shall notify    45   49  all such employees who
want to be so notified of opportunities for positions with Parent or any of
its Subsidiaries for which Parent reasonably believes such persons are
qualified and shall consider any application for such positions submitted by
such persons, provided, however, that any decision to offer employment to any
such person shall be made in the sole discretion of Parent.    (e) All
employees of the Company or a Company Subsidiary as of the Effective Time
shall become employees of Parent or a Parent Subsidiary as of the Effective
Time, and Parent or a Parent Subsidiary will use its reasonable best efforts
to give such persons (other than any such person who is party to
an employment agreement, a severance agreement or a special termination
agreement) at least four weeks prior written notice of any job elimination
after the Effective Time for a period of 90 days following the Effective
Time. Subject to such four-week notice requirement, Parent or a Parent
Subsidiary shall have no obligation to continue the employment of any such
person and nothing contained herein shall give any employee of the Company or
a Company Subsidiary the right to continue employment with Parent or a Parent
Subsidiary after the Effective Time. An employee of the Company or a Company
Subsidiary (other than an employee who is party to an employment agreement, a
severance agreement or a special termination agreement) whose employment is
involuntarily terminated other than for cause following the Effective Time
shall be entitled to receive severance payments in accordance with, and to
the extent provided in, the Company Severance Plan.   6.13. Bank Merger.
Parent and the Company agree to take all action  ----------- necessary and
appropriate, including causing the entering into of an appropriate merger
agreement (the "Bank Merger Agreement"), to cause the Company Bank to merge
with and into the Parent Bank (the "Bank Merger") in accordance
with applicable laws and regulations and the terms of the Bank Merger
Agreement and as soon as practicable after consummation of the Merger.  
6.14 Coordination of Dividends. After the date of this Agreement, the 
------------------------- Company shall coordinate the declaration of any
dividends in respect of the Company Common Stock and the record dates and
payment dates relating thereto with that of the Parent Common Stock, it being
the intention of the parties that the holders of Parent Common Stock or
Company Common Stock shall not receive more than one dividend, or fail to
receive one dividend, for any single calendar quarter with respect to their
shares of Parent Common Stock and/or Company Common Stock and any shares of
Parent Common Stock any holder of Company Common Stock receives in exchange
therefor in the Merger.   6.15. Directorship. Parent agrees to take all
action necessary to  ------------ appoint or elect, effective as of the
Effective Time, one non-employee director of the Company as of the date
hereof who is designated by Parent and who meets the director qualification
requirements set forth in the Parent Bylaws.   6.16. Other Agreements. 
----------------  (a) Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement by
the Company and Parent, Parent, the Company, the Company Bank and each of
Robert T. Kenney, Charles J. Boulier III, Peter N. Perugini, Richard J.
Moore, Sheri C. Pasqualoni, William E. Solberg, Charles P. Ahern    46  
50  and Earl T. Young shall enter into an Executive Agreement in the form of
Annex B hereto (individually an "Executive Agreement" and collectively the
"Executive Agreements").   (b) Concurrently with the execution of this
Agreement by the Company and Parent, Parent and Robert T. Kenney shall enter
into a Consulting Agreement in the form of Annex C hereto.   6.17.
Notification of Certain Matters. Each of the Company and Parent 
------------------------------- shall give prompt notice to the other of any
fact, event or circumstance known to it that (i) is reasonably likely,
individually or taken together with all other facts, events and circumstances
known to it, to result in any Material Adverse Effect with respect to it or
(ii) would cause or constitute a material breach of any of its
representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained herein.  
6.18. Section 16 Matters. Prior to the Effective Time, Parent and the 
------------------ Company shall take all such steps as may be required to
cause any dispositions of Company Common Stock (including derivative
securities with respect to Company Common Stock) or acquisitions of Parent
Common Stock resulting from the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
by each individual who is subject to the reporting requirements of Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act with respect to the Company to be exempt under Rule
16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act.   6.19 Advisory Board. Parent
agrees to cause Parent Bank to take all  -------------- action necessary to
appoint or elect, as of the Effective Time, all non-employee directors of the
Company as of the date hereof (excluding the director to be appointed to the
Parent Board pursuant to Section 6.15) to the Connecticut-based board of
advisory directors of Parent Bank. Such directors shall be eligible
to receive compensation for services in their capacity as such in accordance
with the policies of Parent Bank in effect from time to time.    ARTICLE
VII   CONDITIONS TO CONSUMMATION OF THE MERGER   7.01. Conditions to Each
Party\'s Obligation to Effect the Merger. The 
----------------------------------------------------------- respective
obligation of each of the parties hereto to consummate the Merger is subject
to the fulfillment or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, written
waiver by the parties hereto prior to the Closing Date of each of
the following conditions:   (a) Shareholder Approval. This Agreement shall
have been duly  --------------------- approved by the requisite vote of the
holders of outstanding shares of Company Common Stock.   (b) Regulatory
Approvals. All regulatory approvals required to 
--------------------- consummate the Transactions shall have been obtained
and shall remain in full force and effect and all statutory waiting periods
in respect thereof shall have expired and no such approvals shall contain any
conditions, restrictions or requirements which the Parent Board reasonably
determines in good faith would, individually or in the aggregate, materially
reduce the benefits of the Transactions0 to   47   51  such a degree
that Parent, in its good faith judgment, would not have entered into this
Agreement had such conditions, restrictions or requirements been known at the
date hereof.   (c) No Injunction. No Governmental Authority of competent 
-------------- jurisdiction shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced
or entered any statute, rule, regulation, judgment, decree, injunction or
other order (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) which is in effect
and prohibits consummation of the Transactions.   (d) Registration
Statement; Blue Sky Laws. The Registration Statement 
------------------------------------- shall have become effective under the
Securities Act and no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement shall have been issued and no proceedings for that
purpose shall have been initiated by the SEC and not withdrawn; and Parent
shall have received all required approvals by state securities or "blue sky"
authorities with respect to the Transactions.   (e) Listing. The shares of
Parent Common Stock to be issued in the  ------- Merger shall have been
approved for listing on the Nasdaq.   (f) Tax Opinion. Each of Parent and
the Company shall have received  ----------- the written opinion of Elias,
Matz, Tiernan and Herrick L.L.P., in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to both the Company and Parent, dated as of the Effective Date, substantially
to the effect that, on the basis of the facts, representations and
assumptions set forth in such opinion which are consistent with the state of
facts existing at the Effective Time, the Merger will be treated for Federal
income tax purposes as constituting a reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(a)(1)(A) of the Code. If such legal counsel does not render such
opinion, this condition may be satisfied if KPMG LLP, independent auditors of
Parent and the Company, renders such opinion, relying on such
facts, representations and assumptions. In rendering such opinion, such
counsel or auditors may require and rely upon representations and covenants,
including those contained in certificates of officers of Parent, the Company
and others, reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to such
counsel.   7.02. Conditions to Obligation of the Company. The obligation of
the  --------------------------------------- Company to consummate the
Merger is also subject to the fulfillment or written waiver by the Company
prior to the Closing Date of each of the following conditions:   (a)
Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties 
------------------------------ of Parent set forth in this Agreement, subject
in all cases to the standard set forth in Section 5.02, shall be true and
correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Effective Date as
though made on and as of the Effective Date (except that representations and
warranties that by their terms speak as of the date of this Agreement or some
other date shall be true and correct as of such date), and the Company shall
have received a certificate, dated the Effective Date, signed on behalf of
Parent by the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of
Parent to such effect.   (b) Performance of Obligations of Parent. Parent
shall have performed  ------------------------------------ in all material
respects all obligations required to be performed by them under this
Agreement at or prior to the Effective Time, and the Company shall
have received a certificate, dated the Effective Date, signed on behalf of
Parent by the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of
Parent to such effect.   48   52   (c) Deposit of Merger Consideration.
Parent shall have deposited  ------------------------------- with the
Exchange Agent the Merger Consideration to be paid to holders of Company
Common Stock pursuant to Article III hereof.   (d) Other Actions. Parent
shall have furnished the Company with such  ------------- certificates of
its respective officers or others and such other documents to evidence
fulfillment of the conditions set forth in Sections 7.01 and 7.02 as the
Company may reasonably request.   7.03. Conditions to Obligations of Parent.
The obligations of Parent  ----------------------------------- to consummate
the Merger are also subject to the fulfillment or written waiver by Parent
prior to the Closing Date of each of the following conditions:   (a)
Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties 
------------------------------ of the Company set forth in this Agreement,
subject in all cases to the standard set forth in Section 5.02, shall be true
and correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Effective Date as
though made on and as of the Effective Date (except that representations and
warranties that by their terms speak as of the date of this Agreement or some
other date shall be true and correct as of such date), and Parent shall have
received a certificate, dated the Effective Date, signed on behalf of the
Company by the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the
Company to such effect.   (b) Performance of Obligations of Company. The
Company shall have  ------------------------------------- performed in all
material respects all obligations required to be performed by it under this
Agreement at or prior to the Effective Time, and Parent shall have received a
certificate, dated the Effective Date, signed on behalf of the Company by the
Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company to
such effect.   (c) Shareholder Agreements. Shareholder Agreements, in the
form  ----------------------- attached as Annex A hereto, shall have been
executed and delivered by each Shareholder in connection with the Company\'s
execution and delivery of this Agreement.   (d) Executive Agreements.
Executive Agreements, in the form attached  -------------------- as Annex B
hereto, shall have been duly executed and delivered by the Company, the
Company Bank and each executive officer of the Company who is a
party thereto, and the Company, the Company Bank and each such executive
officer shall have performed in all material respects all obligations
required to be performed by such party thereunder at or prior to the
Effective Time.   (e) Dissenting Shares. Dissenting Shares shall not
represent 10% or  ----------------- more of the outstanding Company Common
Stock.   (f) Other Actions. The Company shall have furnished Parent with
such  ------------- certificates of its officers or others and such other
documents to evidence fulfillment of the conditions set forth in Sections
7.01 and 7.03 as Parent may reasonably request.   49   53    ARTICLE
VIII   TERMINATION   8.01 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated,
and the  ----------- Transactions may be abandoned:   (a) Mutual Consent.
At any time prior to the Effective Time, by the  -------------- mutual
consent of Parent and the Company if the Board of Directors of each
so determines by vote of a majority of the members of its entire Board.  
(b) Breach. At any time prior to the Effective Time, by Parent or 
------ the Company if its Board of Directors so determines by vote of a
majority of the members of its entire Board, in the event of: (i) a breach by
Parent or the Company, as the case may be, of any representation or warranty
contained herein (subject to the standard set forth in Section 5.02), which
breach cannot be or has not been cured within 30 days after the giving of
written notice to the breaching party or parties of such breach; or (ii) a
breach by Parent or the Company, as the case may be, of any of the covenants
or agreements contained herein, which breach cannot be or has not been cured
within 30 days after the giving of written notice to the breaching party or
parties of such breach, which breach (whether under (i) or (ii)) would be
reasonably expected, individually or in the aggregate with other breaches, to
result in a Material Adverse Effect with respect to Parent or the Company, as
the case may be.   (c) Delay. At any time prior to the Effective Time, by
Parent or the  ----- Company if its Board of Directors so determines by vote
of a majority of the members of its entire Board, in the event that the
Transactions are not consummated by July 31, 2003, except to the extent that
the failure of the Merger then to be consummated arises out of or results
from the knowing action or inaction of (i) the party seeking to terminate
pursuant to this Section 8.01(c) or (ii) any of the Shareholders (if the
Company is the party seeking to terminate), which action or inaction is in
violation of its obligations under this Agreement or, in the case of the
Shareholders, his, her or its obligations under the relevant Shareholder
Agreement.   (d) No Regulatory Approval. By the Company or Parent, if its
Board  ---------------------- of Directors so determines by a vote of a
majority of the members of its entire Board, in the event the approval of any
Governmental Authority required for consummation of the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have been denied by final
nonappealable action of such Governmental Authority or an application
therefor shall have been permanently withdrawn at the request of a
Governmental Authority.   (e) No Shareholder Approval. By either Parent or
the Company if any  ----------------------- approval of the shareholders of
the Company contemplated by this Agreement shall not have been obtained by
reason of the failure to obtain the required vote at the Company Meeting.  
(f) Failure to Recommend. At any time prior to the Company Meeting, 
-------------------- by Parent if (i) the Company shall have breached Section
6.08, (ii) the Company Board shall have failed to make its recommendation
referred to in Section 6.02, withdrawn such recommendation or modified or
changed such recommendation in a manner adverse in any respect to the
interests of    50   54  Parent or (iii) the Company shall have
materially breached its obligations under Section 6.02 by failing to call,
give notice of, convene and hold the Company Meeting in accordance with
Section 6.02.   (g) Certain Tender or Exchange Offers. By Parent if a tender
offer  --------------------------------- or exchange offer for 20% or more
of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock is commenced (other than by
Parent or a Subsidiary thereof), and the Company Board recommends that the
shareholders of the Company tender their shares in such tender or exchange
offer or otherwise fails to recommend that such shareholders reject such
tender offer or exchange offer within the ten-Business Day period specified
in Rule 14e-2(a) under the Exchange Act.   (h) Superior Proposal. At any
time prior to the Company Meeting, by  ----------------- the Company in
order to concurrently enter into an acquisition agreement or similar
agreement (each, an "Acquisition Agreement") with respect to a
Superior Proposal which has been received and considered by the Company and
the Company Board in compliance with Section 6.08 hereof, provided, however,
that this Agreement may be terminated by the Company pursuant to this Section
8.01(h) only after the fifth Business Day following Parent\'s receipt of
written notice from the Company advising Parent that the Company is prepared
to enter into an Acquisition Agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal,
and only if, during such five-Business Day period, Parent does not, in its
sole discretion, make an offer to the Company that the Company Board
determines in good faith, after consultation with its financial and legal
advisors, is at least as favorable as the Superior Proposal.   (i) Possible
Adjustment. By the Company, if the Company Board so 
-------------------- determines by the vote of a majority of all of its
members, at any time during the three-day period commencing with the
Determination Date, if both the following conditions are satisfied:   (1)
the Average Share Price shall be less than 80.0% of the Starting  Price (as
the same may be adjusted to reflect any Capital Change); and   (2) (i) the
number obtained by dividing the Average Share Price by the  Starting Price
(such number being referred to herein as the "Parent Ratio")  shall be less
than (ii) the number obtained by dividing the Nasdaq Bank  Average Index by
the Nasdaq Bank Starting Index and multiplying the  quotient in this clause
by 0.80 (such number being referred to herein as  the "Index
Ratio");  subject, however, to the following three sentences. If the Company
elects to exercise its termination right pursuant to the immediately
preceding sentence, it shall give written notice to Parent (provided that
such notice of election to terminate may be withdrawn at any time within the
aforementioned three-day period). During the two-day period commencing with
its receipt of such notice, Parent shall have the option of increasing the
consideration to be received by the holders of Company Common Stock hereunder
by adjusting the Exchange Ratio to equal the lesser of (i) a number equal to
a quotient (rounded to the nearest one ten-thousandth), the numerator of
which is the product of the Starting Price, 0.80, and the Exchange Ratio (as
then in effect) and the denominator of which is the Average Share Price, and
(ii) a number equal to a quotient (rounded to the nearest one ten-
thousandth), the numerator of which is the Index Ratio multiplied by the
Exchange Ratio (as then in effect) and the denominator of which is the
Parent    51   55  Ratio. If Parent makes an election contemplated by
the preceding sentence within such three-day period, it shall give prompt
written notice to the Company of such election and the revised Exchange
Ratio, whereupon no termination shall have occurred pursuant to this Section
8.01(i) and this Agreement shall remain in effect in accordance with its
terms (except as the Exchange Ratio shall have been so modified), and any
references in this Agreement to "Exchange Ratio" shall thereafter be deemed
to refer to the Exchange Ratio as adjusted pursuant to this Section
8.01(i).   8.02 Effect of Termination and Abandonment. 
-------------------------------------  (a) In the event of termination of
this Agreement and the abandonment of the Merger pursuant to this Article
VIII, no party to this Agreement shall have any liability or further
obligation to any other party hereunder except (i) as set forth in this
Section 8.02 and Section 9.01 and (ii) that termination will not relieve a
breaching party from liability for any willful breach of any covenant,
agreement, representation or warranty of this Agreement giving rise to such
termination.   (b) In recognition of the efforts, expenses and other
opportunities foregone by Parent while structuring and pursuing the Merger,
the parties hereto agree that the Company shall pay to Parent a termination
fee of $28.0 million (the "Termination Fee") in the manner set forth below
if:   (i) this Agreement is terminated by Parent pursuant to  Section
8.01(f) or (g);   (ii) this Agreement is terminated by (A) Parent pursuant
to  Section 8.01(b), (B) by either Parent or the Company pursuant to 
Section 8.01(c), or (C) by either Parent or the Company pursuant to  Section
8.01(e) (other than by reason of any breach by Parent or the  Company,
respectively), and in the case of any termination pursuant to  clause (A),
(B) or (C) an Acquisition Proposal shall have been publicly  announced or
otherwise communicated or made known to the senior  management of the Company
or the Company Board (or any Person shall  have publicly announced,
communicated or made known an intention,  whether or not conditional, to make
an Acquisition Proposal) at any  time after the date of this Agreement and
prior to the taking of the  vote of the shareholders of the Company
contemplated by this Agreement  at the Company Meeting, in the case of clause
(C), or the date of  termination of this Agreement, in the case of clause (A)
or (B); or   (iii) this Agreement is terminated by the Company pursuant to 
Section 8.01(h).   In the event the Termination Fee shall become payable
pursuant to Section 8.02(b)(i) or (ii), (x) the Company shall pay to Parent
an amount equal to $5.0 million on the first Business Day following
termination of this Agreement, and (y) if within 18 months after such
termination the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company enters into any
agreement with respect to, or consummates, any Acquisition Transaction, the
Company shall pay to Parent the Termination Fee (net of any payment made
pursuant to clause (x) above) on the date of execution of such agreement or
consummation of the Acquisition Transaction. In the event the Termination Fee
shall become payable pursuant to Section 8.02(b)(iii), the Company shall pay
to Parent the entire Termination Fee within two Business Days following the
date of termination of this Agreement.   52   56  Any amount that
becomes payable pursuant to this Section 8.02(b) shall be paid by wire
transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated
by Parent.   (c) The Company and Parent agree that the agreement contained
in paragraph (b) of this Section 8.02 is an integral part of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, that without such agreement
Parent would not have entered into this Agreement and that such amounts do
not constitute a penalty or liquidated damages in the event of a breach of
this Agreement by the Company. If the Company fails to pay Parent the amounts
due under paragraph (b) above within the time periods specified therein, the
Company shall pay the costs and expenses (including reasonable legal fees and
expenses) incurred by Parent in connection with any action in which Parent
prevails, including the filing of any lawsuit, taken to collect payment of
such amounts, together with interest on the amount of any such unpaid amounts
at the prime lending rate prevailing during such period as published in The
Wall Street Journal, calculated on a daily basis from the date such amounts
were required to be paid until the date of actual payment.    ARTICLE
IX    MISCELLANEOUS   9.01. Survival. No representations, warranties,
agreements and  -------- covenants contained in this Agreement shall survive
the Effective Time (other than agreements or covenants contained herein that
by their express terms are to be performed after the Effective Time) or the
termination of this Agreement if this Agreement is terminated prior to the
Effective Time (other than Sections 6.06(c), 8.02 and, excepting Section 9.12
hereof, this Article IX, which shall survive any such termination).
Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, no
representations, warranties, agreements and covenants contained in this
Agreement shall be deemed to be terminated or extinguished so as to deprive a
party hereto or any of its affiliates of any defense at law or in equity
which otherwise would be available against the claims of any Person,
including without limitation any shareholder or former shareholder.   9.02.
Waiver; Amendment. Prior to the Effective Time, any provision of 
----------------- this Agreement may be (i) waived by the party benefited by
the provision or (ii) amended or modified at any time, by an agreement in
writing among the parties hereto executed in the same manner as this
Agreement, except that after the Company Meeting no amendment shall be made
which by law requires further approval by the shareholders of the Company
without obtaining such approval.   9.03. Counterparts. This Agreement may be
executed in one or more  ------------ counterparts, each of which shall be
deemed to constitute an original.   9.04. Governing Law. This Agreement
shall be governed by, and  ------------- interpreted in accordance with, the
laws of the State of Maine applicable to contracts made and to be performed
entirely within such State.   9.05 Expenses. Each party hereto will bear all
expenses incurred by  -------- it in connection with this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby, including fees and expenses of its own
financial consultants, accountants and counsel and, in the case of Parent,
the registration fee    53   57  to be paid to the SEC in connection
with the Registration Statement, except that expenses of printing the Proxy
Statement shall be shared equally between the Company and Parent, and
provided further that nothing contained herein shall limit either party\'s
rights to recover any liabilities or damages arising out of the other
party\'s willful breach of any provision of this Agreement.   9.06. Notices.
All notices, requests and other communications  ------- hereunder to a party
shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if personally delivered,
telecopied (with confirmation) or mailed by registered or certified mail
(return receipt requested) to such party at its address set forth below
or such other address as such party may specify by notice to the parties
hereto.   If to the Company to:   American Financial Holdings, Inc.  102
West Main Street  New Britain, Connecticut 06051  Attention: Robert T.
Kenney  Chairman, President and  Chief Executive Officer  Fax: (860)
827-2576   With a copy to:   Muldoon Murphy and Faucette LLP  5101
Wisconsin Avenue, N.W.  Washington, DC 20016  Attention: Douglas P.
Faucette, Esq.  Fax: (202) 966-9409   If to Parent to:   Banknorth Group,
Inc.  P.O. Box 9540  Two Portland Square  Portland, Maine 04112-9540 
Attention: William J. Ryan  Chairman, President  and Chief Executive
Officer  Fax: (207) 761-8587   54   58    With a copy to:   Elias,
Matz, Tiernan and Herrick L.L.P.  12th Floor, The Walker Building  734 15th
Street, N.W.  Washington, D.C. 20005  Attention: Gerard L. Hawkins, Esq. 
Fax: (202) 347-2172   9.07. Entire Understanding; No Third Party
Beneficiaries. This 
--------------------------------------------------------- Agreement and the
Shareholder Agreements represent the entire understanding of the parties
hereto and thereto with reference to the Transactions, and this Agreement and
the Shareholder Agreements supersede any and all other oral or written
agreements heretofore made. Except for the Indemnified Parties\' right
to enforce Parent\'s obligation under Section 6.11, which are expressly
intended to be for the irrevocable benefit of, and shall be enforceable by,
each Indemnified Party and his or her heirs and representatives, nothing in
this Agreement, expressed or implied, is intended to confer upon any Person,
other than the parties hereto or their respective successors, any rights,
remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this
Agreement.   9.08. Severability. Except to the extent that application of
this  ------------ Section 9.08 would have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company or Parent, any term or provision of this Agreement which is invalid
or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be
ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without
rendering invalid or unenforceable the remaining terms and provisions of this
Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of any of the terms or
provisions of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. If any provision of
this Agreement is so broad as to be unenforceable, the provision shall be
interpreted to be only so broad as is enforceable. In all such cases, the
parties shall use their reasonable best efforts to substitute a valid, legal
and enforceable provision which, insofar as practicable, implements the
original purposes and intents of this Agreement.   9.09. Enforcement of the
Agreement. The parties hereto agree that 
---------------------------- irreparable damage would occur in the event that
any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with
their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed
that the parties shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent
breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and
provisions hereof in any court of the United States or any state having
jurisdiction, this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are
entitled at law or in equity.   9.10. Interpretation. When a reference is
made in this Agreement to  -------------- Sections, Exhibits or Schedules,
such reference shall be to a Section of, or Exhibit or Schedule to, this
Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The table of contents and headings
contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and are not part
of this Agreement. Whenever the words "include," "includes" or "including"
are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words
"without limitation." Whenever the words "as of the date hereof" are used in
this Agreement, they shall be deemed to mean the day and year first above
written (August 22, 2002).    55  59   9.11. Assignment. No party may
assign either this Agreement or any of  ---------- its rights, interests or
obligations hereunder without the prior written approval of the other party.
Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon and
shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
successors and permitted assigns.   9.12. Alternative Structure.
Notwithstanding any provision of this  --------------------- Agreement to
the contrary, Parent may at any time modify the structure of the acquisition
of the Company set forth herein, subject to the prior written consent of the
Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed,
provided that (i) the Merger Consideration to be paid to the holders
of Company Common Stock is not thereby changed in kind or reduced in amount
as a result of such modification, (ii) such modification will not adversely
affect the tax treatment of the Company\'s shareholders as a result of
receiving the Merger Consideration and (iii) such modification will not
materially delay or jeopardize receipt of any required approvals of
Governmental Authorities.   [Signature page to follow]           
56   60      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
Agreement to be executed in counterparts by their duly authorized officers,
all as of the day and year first above written.     BANKNORTH GROUP,
INC.     By: /s/ William J. Ryan  -------------------------------  Name:
William J. Ryan  Title: Chairman, President and  Chief Executive Officer  
AMERICAN FINANCIAL HOLDINGS, INC.     By: /s/ Robert T. Kenney 
--------------------------------  Name: Robert T. Kenney  Title: Chairman,
President and  Chief Executive Officer       57  61     ANNEX
A   SHAREHOLDER AGREEMENT   Shareholder Agreement (the "Agreement"), dated
as of August 22, 2002, by and between _________, a shareholder
("Shareholder") of American Financial Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the "Company"), and Banknorth Group, Inc., a Maine corporation ("Parent").
All terms used herein and not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned
thereto in the Merger Agreement (defined below).   WHEREAS, Parent and the
Company are entering into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of the
date hereof (the "Merger Agreement"), pursuant to which the Company will
merge with and into Parent on the terms and conditions set forth therein and,
in connection therewith, outstanding shares of Company Common Stock will be
converted into shares of Parent Common Stock and/or cash in the manner set
forth therein; and   WHEREAS, Shareholder owns the shares of Company Common
Stock identified on Annex I hereto (such shares, together with all shares of
Company Common Stock subsequently acquired by Shareholder during the term of
this Agreement, being referred to as the "Shares"); and   WHEREAS, in order
to induce Parent to enter into the Merger Agreement, Shareholder, solely in
such Shareholder\'s capacity as a shareholder of the Company and not in any
other capacity, has agreed to enter into and perform this Agreement.   NOW,
THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt, sufficiency and
adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as
follows:   1. Agreement to Vote Shares. Shareholder agrees that at any
meeting  ------------------------ of the shareholders of the Company, or in
connection with any written consent of the shareholders of the Company,
Shareholder shall:   (i) appear at each such meeting or otherwise cause
the  Shares to be counted as present thereat for purposes of calculating a 
quorum; and   (ii) vote (or cause to be voted), in person or by proxy, or 
deliver a written consent (or cause a consent to be delivered)  covering, all
the Shares (whether acquired heretofore or hereafter)  that are beneficially
owned by Shareholder or as to which Shareholder  has, directly or indirectly,
the right to vote or direct the voting,  (x) in favor of adoption and
approval of the Merger Agreement and the  Merger and any other action
requested by Parent in furtherance thereof;  (y) against any action or
agreement that would result in a breach of  any covenant, representation or
warranty or any other obligation  or agreement of the Company contained in
the Merger Agreement  or of Shareholder contained in this Agreement; and (z)
against  any Acquisition Proposal or any other action, agreement or 
transaction that is intended, or could reasonably be expected, to   62  
materially impede, interfere or be inconsistent with, delay, postpone, 
discourage or materially and adversely affect consummation of the  Merger or
this Agreement.   2. No Transfers. Except with respect to a Shareholder who
executed  ------------ an Executive Agreement and in such case only to the
extent contemplated therein, prior to the Company Meeting, Shareholder agrees
not to, directly or indirectly, sell transfer, pledge, assign or otherwise
dispose of, or enter into any contract option, commitment or other
arrangement or understanding with respect to the sale, transfer, pledge,
assignment or other disposition of, any of the Shares. In the case of any
transfer by operation of law, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure
to the transferee(s). Any transfer or other disposition in violation of the
terms of this Section 2 shall be null and void.   3. Representations and
Warranties of Shareholder. Shareholder 
------------------------------------------------- represents and warrants to
and agrees with Parent as follows:   A. Capacity. Shareholder has all
requisite capacity and authority  --------  to enter into and perform his,
her or its obligations under this Agreement.   B. Binding Agreement. This
Agreement constitutes the valid and  -----------------  legally binding
obligation of Shareholder, subject to bankruptcy,  insolvency, fraudulent
transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws  of general
applicability relating to or affecting creditors\' rights and to  general
equity principles.   C. Non-Contravention. The execution and delivery of
this Agreement  -----------------  by Shareholder does not, and the
performance by Shareholder of his, her or  its obligations hereunder and the
consummation by Shareholder of the  transactions contemplated hereby will
not, violate or conflict with, or  constitute a default under, any agreement,
instrument, contract or other  obligation or any order, arbitration award,
judgment or decree to which  Shareholder is a party or by which Shareholder
is bound, or any statute,  rule or regulation to which Shareholder is subject
or, in the event that  Shareholder is a corporation, partnership, trust or
other entity, any  charter, bylaw or other organizational document of
Shareholder.   D. Ownership of Shares. Shareholder has good title to all of
the  --------------------  Shares as of the date hereof, and, except as set
forth on Annex I hereto,  the Shares are so owned free and clear of any
liens, security interests,  charges or other encumbrances.   4. Specific
Performance and Remedies. Shareholder acknowledges that 
--------------------------------- it will be impossible to measure in money
the damage to Parent if Shareholder fails to comply with the obligations
imposed by this Agreement and that, in the event of any such failure, Parent
will not have an adequate remedy at law or in equity. Accordingly,
Shareholder agrees that injunctive relief or other equitable remedy, in
addition to remedies at law or in damages, is the appropriate remedy for any
such failure and will not oppose the granting of such relief on the basis
that Parent has an adequate remedy at law. Shareholder agrees that
Shareholder will not seek, and agrees to waive any requirement for, the
securing or posting of a bond in connection with Parent\'s seeking
or obtaining such equitable relief. In addition, after discussing the matter
with Shareholder, Parent shall have the right to inform any third party that
Parent   2   63  reasonably believes to be, or to be contemplating,
participating with Shareholder or receiving from Shareholder assistance in
violation of this Agreement, of the terms of this Agreement and of the rights
of Parent hereunder, and that participation by any such persons with
Shareholder in activities in violation of Shareholder\'s agreement with
Parent set forth in this Agreement may give rise to claims by Parent against
such third party.   5. Term of Agreement; Termination. 
------------------------------   A. The term of this Agreement shall
commence on the date hereof.   B. This Agreement shall terminate upon the
date, if any, of  termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its
terms. Upon such  termination, no party shall have any further obligations or
liabilities  hereunder; provided, however, such termination shall not relieve
any party  from liability for any willful breach of this Agreement prior to
such  termination.   C. If the Merger Agreement is not terminated in
accordance with its  terms, this Agreement (except for the provisions of
Sections 3 and 8, which  shall survive the Effective Time) shall terminate
upon the Effective Time.  Upon such termination, no party shall have any
further obligations or  liabilities under this Agreement.   6. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements, 
---------------- written or oral, among the parties hereto with respect to
the subject matter hereof and contains the entire agreement among the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may not be amended,
supplemented or modified, and no provisions hereof may be modified or waived,
except by an instrument in writing signed by each party hereto. No waiver of
any provisions hereof by either party shall be deemed a waiver of any other
provisions hereof by any such party, nor shall any such waiver be deemed a
continuing waiver of any provision hereof by such party.   7. Notices. All
notices, requests, claims, demands or other  ------- communications
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given when delivered
personally, upon receipt of a transmission confirmation if sent by telecopy
or like transmission and on the next business day when sent by a reputable
overnight courier service to the parties at the following addresses (or at
such other address for a party as shall be specified by like notice):    If
to Parent:   Banknorth Group, Inc.  P.O. Box 9540  Two Portland Square 
Portland, Maine 04112-9540  Attention: William J. Ryan  Chairman, President
and  Chief Executive Officer  Fax: (207) 761-8587     3   64   
With a copy to:   Elias, Matz, Tiernan and Herrick, L.L.P.  734 15th Street,
N.W.  Washington, D.C. 20005  Attn: Gerard L. Hawkins, Esq.  Fax: (202)
347-2172   If to Shareholder:   ------------------------  
------------------------   ------------------------    With a copy
to:   Muldoon Murphy and Faucette LLP  5101 Wisconsin Avenue  Washington, DC
20016  Attention: Douglas P. Faucette, Esq.  Fax: (202) 966-9409   8.
Miscellaneous.  -------------   A. Severability. If any provision of this
Agreement or the  ------------  application of such provision to any person
or circumstances shall be held  invalid or unenforceable by a court of
competent jurisdiction, such  provision or application shall be unenforceable
only to the extent of such  invalidity or unenforceability, and the remainder
of the provision held  invalid or unenforceable and the application of such
provision to persons or  circumstances, other than the party as to which it
is held invalid, and the  remainder of this Agreement, shall not be
affected.   B. Capacity. The covenants contained herein shall apply to 
--------  Shareholder solely in his or her capacity as a shareholder of the
Company,  and no covenant contained herein shall apply to Shareholder in his
or her  capacity as a director, officer or employee of the Company or in any
other  capacity. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to apply
to,  or limit in any manner, the obligations of the Shareholder to comply
with  his or her fiduciary duties as a director of the Company.   C.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more  ------------- 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of 
which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.   D. Headings.
All Section headings herein are for convenience of  ---------  reference
only and are not part of this Agreement, and no construction or  reference
shall be derived therefrom.   4   65   E. Choice of Law. This Agreement
shall be deemed a contract made  -------------  under, and for all purposes
shall be construed in accordance with, the laws  of the State of Maine,
without reference to its conflicts of law principles.   9. Attorney\'s Fees.
The prevailing party or parties in any  --------------- litigation,
arbitration, mediation, bankruptcy, insolvency or other
proceeding ("Proceeding") relating to the enforcement or interpretation of
this Agreement may recover from the unsuccessful party or parties all fees
and disbursements of counsel (including expert witness and other
consultants\' fees and costs) relating to or arising out of (a) the
Proceeding (whether or not the Proceeding proceeds to judgment), and (b) any
post-judgment or post-award proceeding including, without limitation, one to
enforce or collect any judgment or award resulting from the Proceeding. All
such judgments and awards shall contain a specific provision for the recovery
of all such subsequently incurred costs, expenses, and fees and disbursements
of counsel.   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed and
delivered this Agreement as of the date first written above.    
BANKNORTH GROUP, INC.    By:  ------------------------------------  Name:
William J. Ryan  Title: Chairman, President and Chief  Executive
Officer     [SHAREHOLDER]    --------------------------------------- 
(Signature)         5   66     ANNEX I  Shareholder
Agreement      Shares of Company  Common Stock  Beneficially Owned 
Name of (exclusive of unexercised Options on Company Shareholder stock
options) Common Stock ----------- --------------------------
-------------------                  6   67     ANNEX
B    EXECUTIVE AGREEMENT    Executive Agreement (the "Agreement"), dated
as of August 22, 2002, by and among Banknorth Group, Inc. ("Banknorth"),
American Financial Holdings, Inc. ( the "Company"), American Savings Bank
(the "Bank"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and ____________ (the
"Executive").    WITNESSETH    WHEREAS, the Executive is a director
and/or an executive officer of the Company and the Bank; and   WHEREAS,
each of the Company and the Bank (collectively, the "Employers") are party to
an Employment Agreement with the Executive, dated as of _________ __, ____
and amended as of ____________ __, 2002 (the "Company Employment Agreement"
and the "Bank Employment Agreement," respectively, and together the
"Employment Agreements"); and   WHEREAS, Banknorth and the Company are
entering into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of the date hereof
(the "Merger Agreement"), pursuant to which the Company will merge with and
into Banknorth on the terms and conditions set forth therein (the "Merger")
and, in connection therewith, outstanding shares of Company Common Stock will
be converted into shares of Banknorth Common Stock and/or cash in the manner
set forth therein; and   WHEREAS, as an inducement to Banknorth to enter
into the Merger Agreement, the Employers and the Executive desire to set
forth the status of the Executive\'s employment relationships with the
Company and the Bank as of the Effective Time (as defined in the Merger
Agreement), the benefits the Executive will be entitled to receive upon
termination of such employment relationships and certain noncompetition and
other obligations of the Executive following the Effective Time;   NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants set
forth herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:   1. Termination of
Employment and Directorships. At the Effective 
------------------------------------------- Time, the Executive shall cease
to be a director and an executive officer of the Company and the Bank, as
applicable, and any other employment and consulting relationships between the
Executive and any of the Company, the Bank and each other direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company, and any membership by the Executive on the boards
of directors of the Company, the Bank and each other such subsidiary, shall
be terminated. Without limiting the foregoing, the Employers and the
Executive agree that at the Effective Time the Employment Agreements shall be
automatically terminated without the necessity of any further action on the
part of either party thereto, with the result that each Employment Agreement
shall be null and void and no party thereto or any heir, successor or
assignee thereof shall have any continuing rights or
obligations thereunder.   68    2. Payment to the Executive. In
consideration of the terminations  ------------------------ provided in
paragraph (a) of Section 1 and the other obligations of the Executive set
forth herein, and subject to the provisions of Section 8 (b) hereof, at the
Effective Time, the Company shall pay to the Executive a cash amount equal to
$____________(the "Cash Payment"),1 less applicable withholdings pursuant to
Section 12 hereof. The Executive agrees that the payment of the Cash Amount
shall be in full satisfaction of all obligations of the Company and the Bank
to the Executive pursuant to the Company Employment Agreement and the
Bank Employment Agreement, including without limitation Sections 5(b), (c),
(d), (e), (f) and (g) of each such agreement.   3. No Effect on Employee
Benefit Plans. Except as provided in the 
----------------------------------- following sentence or as otherwise
expressly provided in this Agreement, the termination of the Executive\'s
directorships and employment pursuant to this Agreement shall have no special
effect on the rights and obligations of the Executive and the Employers under
any employee benefit plan of the Employers pursuant to which the Executive
has any accrued rights or is entitled to any benefits or payments (the
"Employee Benefit Plans"). Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement, the Employment Agreements or any other agreement, employee benefit
plan, policy or resolutions of the board of directors of the Company or the
Bank to the contrary, and in consideration of the Cash Payment and the other
obligations of Banknorth set forth herein, the Employers and the Executive
agree that the Executive shall not be entitled to receive any
benefit pursuant to Section 4.02 of the American Savings Bank Supplemental
Executive Retirement Plan, as amended (the "SERP"). The Employers and the
Executive acknowledge and agree that the foregoing sentence shall constitute
an amendment to the SERP which satisfies the requirements of Section 10
thereof and any other applicable requirements.   4. Certain Actions in
2002.  -----------------------   (a) The Executive hereby agrees to take
the following actions between the date hereof and December 31, 2002, it being
the intention of the parties hereto that any such action shall be fully
effective and consummated no later than December 31, 2002:   (i) exercise
all vested nonqualified stock options granted  to the Executive under the
Company\'s 2000 Stock-Based Incentive Plan,  as amended (the "Incentive
Plan");   (ii) both exercise all vested incentive stock options granted  to
the Executive under the Incentive Plan and effect a sale of the  shares of
Company common stock acquired upon such exercise in a manner  that will
constitute a "disqualifying disposition" of such shares for  purposes of
Section 421(b) of the Code;   (iii) withdraw all cash and stock
compensation  which has previously been deferred by the Executive to  a
period or periods after 2002 pursuant to the Bank\'s
Stock- ________________________________ 1 The one-time payments are
estimated to be as follows: Kenney - $6,000,000; Solberg - $2,200,000; Ahern
- $1,000,000; Boulier - $1,875,000; Moore - $1,000,000; Pasqualoni -
$1,000,000; Perugini - $1,000,000; and Young - $723,524.    2   69   
Based Deferred Compensation Plan and the Bank\'s Cash-Based Deferred 
Compensation Plan (collectively, the "Deferred Compensation Plans");  and  
(iv) accept payment in December 2002 of any cash bonus to  which the
Executive may be entitled to receive pursuant to the  Company\'s Executive
Incentive Plan for services rendered in 2002 and  which otherwise would be
payable in the ordinary course by the Company  to the Executive in January
2003.    (b) The Company and the Bank agree to take such actions as may
be necessary or advisable by them in order to permit the Executive to take
the actions set forth in Section 4(a) and have them be fully effective
and consummated no later than December 31, 2002, including without limitation
(i) promptly processing all exercises of stock options by the Executive under
the Incentive Plan, (ii) terminating the Deferred Compensation Plans or
the participation of a class of participants therein which includes the
Executive and (iii) accelerating the payment of any cash bonus to which the
Executive may be entitled to receive pursuant to the Company\'s Executive
Incentive Plan for services rendered in 2002 to December 2002.   5. Non-
Compete; Confidentiality.  ----------------------------  (a) The Executive
agrees that during the one-year period2 following consummation of the Merger
the Executive will not, directly or indirectly, (i) become a director,
officer, employee, principal, agent, consultant or independent contractor of
any insured depository institution, trust company or parent holding company
of any such institution or company which has an office in the State of
Connecticut (a "Competing Business"), provided, however, that this provision
shall not prohibit the Executive from owning bonds, non-voting preferred
stock or up to five percent (5%) of the outstanding common stock of any such
entity if such common stock is publicly traded, (ii) solicit or induce, or
cause others to solicit or induce, any employee of Banknorth or any of
its subsidiaries to leave the employment of such entities or (iii) solicit
(whether by mail, telephone, personal meeting or any other means) any
customer of Banknorth or any of its subsidiaries to transact business with
any other entity, whether or not a Competing Business, or to reduce or
refrain from doing any business with Banknorth or its subsidiaries, or
interfere with or damage (or attempt to interfere with or damage) any
relationship between Banknorth or its subsidiaries and any such
customers.   (b) Except as required by law or regulation (including without
limitation in connection with any judicial or administrative process or
proceeding), the Executive shall keep secret and confidential and shall not
disclose to any third party (other than the Company, Banknorth or any of
their respective subsidiaries) in any fashion or for any purpose whatsoever
any information regarding the Company, Banknorth or any of their respective
subsidiaries which is not available to the general public to which the
Executive had access at any time during the course of the Executive\'s
employment by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, including, without
limitation, any such information relating to: business or operations; plans,
strategies, prospects or objectives; products, technology, processes or
specifications; research and development operations or plans; customers and
customer lists; distribution, sales, service, __________________________ 2
Three-year period in the case of the agreement with Mr. Kenney.    3  
70  support and marketing practices and operations; financial condition,
results of operations and prospects; operational strengths and weaknesses;
and personnel and compensation policies and procedures.   (c) The Executive
agrees that damages at law will be an insufficient remedy to Banknorth in the
event that the Executive violates any of the provisions of paragraph (a) or
(b) of this Section 5, and that Banknorth may apply for and, upon the
requisite showing, have injunctive relief in any court of competent
jurisdiction to restrain the breach or threatened or attempted breach of or
otherwise to specifically enforce any of the covenants contained in paragraph
(a) or (b) of this Section 5. The Executive hereby consents to any injunction
(temporary or otherwise) which may be issued against the Executive and to any
other court order which may be issued against the Executive from violating,
or directing the Executive to comply with, any of the covenants in paragraph
(a) or (b) of this Section 5. The Executive also agrees that such remedies
shall be in addition to any and all remedies, including damages, available to
Banknorth against the Executive for such breaches or threatened or attempted
breaches.   (d) In addition to Banknorth\'s rights set forth in paragraph
(c) of this Section 5, in the event that the Executive shall violate the
terms and conditions of paragraphs (a) or (b) of this Section 5, Banknorth
and its subsidiaries may terminate any payments or benefits of any type and
regardless of source payable by Banknorth or its subsidiaries, if applicable,
to the Executive, other than with respect to payments or benefits to the
Executive under plans or arrangements that are covered by the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.   6. Release. 
-------  (a) For, and in consideration of the commitments made herein
by Banknorth, the Executive, for himself and for his heirs and assigns, does
hereby release completely and forever discharge Banknorth and its
subsidiaries, the Company and its subsidiaries and the affiliates,
stockholders, attorneys, officers, directors, agents, employees, successors,
assigns and any other party associated with Banknorth or any of its
subsidiaries or with the Company or any of its subsidiaries (the "Released
Parties"), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from any and
all claims, rights, demands, actions, liabilities, obligations, causes of
action of any and all kind, nature and character whatsoever, known or
unknown, in any way connected with his employment by the Company or any of
its subsidiaries (including in each case predecessors thereof), either as a
director, officer or employee, or termination of such employment.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive does not release Banknorth from
any obligations of Banknorth to the Executive under (i) the Employee Benefit
Plans (except as provided in the second sentence of Section 3 with respect to
the SERP), (ii) Section 6.11 of the Merger Agreement and (iii) this
Agreement.   (b) For and in consideration of the commitments made herein
by the Executive, including without limitation the releases in paragraph (a)
above, Banknorth, for itself, and for its successors and assigns does hereby
release completely and forever discharge the Executive and his heirs and
assigns, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from any and all
claims, rights, demands, actions, liabilities, obligations, causes of action
of any and all kind, nature and character whatsoever, known or unknown, in
any way connected with the Executive\'s   4   71  employment by the
Company or any of its subsidiaries (including predecessors thereof), either
as a director, officer or employee. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing
to the contrary, Banknorth does not release the Executive from claims arising
out of (i) any breach by the Executive of any law or regulation by the
Executive during the term of and related to his employment by the Company or
any of its subsidiaries (including in each case predecessors thereof),
either as a director, officer or employee, (ii) fraud or willful misconduct
by the Executive in his capacity as a director, officer or employee of the
Company or the Bank (including in each case predecessors thereof) or (iii)
breach of this Agreement.   7. Representations and Warranties. 
------------------------------  (a) The parties hereto represent and warrant
to each other that they have carefully read this Agreement and consulted with
respect thereto with their respective counsel and that each of them fully
understands the content of this Agreement and its legal effect.   (b) The
Company and the Bank represent and warrant to each other party hereto that
(i) this Agreement and all actions of the Company and the Bank contemplated
hereby have been authorized by all necessary corporate action of the Company
and the Bank and (ii) the Company and the Bank have duly executed and
delivered a copy of this Agreement and, assuming due authorization, execution
and delivery of this Agreement by Banknorth and due execution and delivery of
this Agreement by the Executive, this Agreement is a valid and legally
binding obligation of the Company and the Bank, enforceable against
the Company and the Bank in accordance with its terms.   (c) Banknorth
represents and warrants to each other party hereto that (i) this Agreement
and all actions of Banknorth contemplated hereby have been authorized by all
necessary corporate action of Banknorth and (ii) Banknorth has duly executed
and delivered a copy of this Agreement and, assuming due authorization,
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and the Bank and due
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Executive, this Agreement is
a valid and legally binding obligation of Banknorth, enforceable against
Banknorth in accordance with its terms.   (d) The Executive Officer
represents and warrants to each other party hereto that this Agreement is a
valid and legally binding obligation of the Executive which is enforceable
against the Executive in accordance with its terms.   8. Limitations on
Benefits.  -----------------------  (a) The parties hereto acknowledge and
agree that the compensation and benefits to be provided to the Executive upon
termination of the Executive\'s employment in connection with the Merger
shall be pursuant to this Agreement and not the Employment Agreements and,
accordingly, each of the Company, the Bank and the Executive hereby agrees to
take no action which would result in the payment of any compensation to the
Executive by the Company or the Bank pursuant to Section 4 or Section 5 of
the Employment Agreements.   (b) Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement to the contrary, the parties  5   72  hereto agree that in the
event that the Cash Payment, either alone or together with other payments and
benefits to which the Executive has the right to receive from Banknorth, the
Company and the Bank, would result in any of the Cash Payment being non-
deductible to Banknorth, the Company or the Bank pursuant to Section 280G of
the Code and subject to the excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the
Code, the Cash Payment shall be reduced by the minimum amount necessary in
order to prevent such result. The parties agree that the determination of any
reduction in the Cash Payment pursuant to this Section 8(b) shall be based
upon an analysis prepared by KPMG LLP, which shall be paid for by Banknorth.
Nothing contained herein shall result in a reduction of the Cash Payment
under any circumstances other than as specified in this Section 8(b), or a
reduction in the Cash Payment below zero.   9. Certain Additional Payments
by Banknorth.  ----------------------------------------  (a) Provided that
the Company, the Bank and the Executive have fully complied with their
respective obligations under Section 4 of this Agreement, and except as set
forth below, in the event it shall be determined that any payment or
distribution by Banknorth, the Company or the Bank to or for the benefit of
the Executive (whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise, but determined without
regard to any additional payments required under this Section 9) (a
"Payment") would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the
Code or any interest or penalties are incurred by the Executive with
respect to such excise tax (such excise tax, together with any such interest
and penalties, are hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Excise Tax"),
then the Executive shall be entitled to receive an additional payment (a
"Gross-Up Payment") in an amount such that after payment by the Executive of
all taxes (including any interest or penalties imposed with respect to such
taxes), including, without limitation, any income taxes (and any interest and
penalties imposed with respect thereto) and Excise Tax imposed upon the
Gross-Up Payment, the Executive retains an amount of the Gross-Up Payment
equal to the Excise Tax imposed upon the Payments.   (b) Subject to the
provisions of Section 9(c), all determinations required to be made under this
Section 9, including whether and when a Gross-Up Payment is required and the
amount of such Gross-Up Payment and the assumptions to be utilized in
arriving at such determination, shall be made by KPMG LLP or such other
certified public accounting firm as may be designated by Banknorth and
reasonably acceptable to the Executive (the "Accounting Firm"). All fees
and expenses of the Accounting Firm shall be borne solely by Banknorth. Any
Gross-Up Payment, as determined pursuant to this Section 9, shall be paid by
Banknorth to the Executive within five days of the due date for the payment
of any Excise Tax. Any determination by the Accounting Firm shall be binding
upon Banknorth and the Executive. As a result of the uncertainty in the
application of Section 4999 of the Code at the time of the initial
determination by the Accounting Firm hereunder, it is possible that Gross-Up
Payments which will not have been made by Banknorth should have been made (an
"Underpayment"), consistent with the calculations required to be made
hereunder. In the event that Banknorth exhausts its remedies pursuant to
Section 9(c) and the Executive thereafter is required to make a payment of
any Excise Tax, the Accounting Firm shall determine the amount of the
Underpayment that has occurred and any such Underpayment shall be promptly
paid by Banknorth to or for the benefit of the Executive.   6   73   
(c) The Executive shall notify Banknorth in writing of any claim by the
Internal Revenue Service that, if successful, would require the payment
by Banknorth of the Gross-Up Payment. Such notification shall be given as
soon as practicable but no later than five business days after the Executive
is informed in writing of such claim and shall apprise Banknorth of the
nature of such claim and the date on which such claim is requested to be
paid. The Executive shall not pay such claim prior to the expiration of the
30-day period following the date on which it gives such notice to Banknorth
(or such shorter period ending on the date that any payment of taxes with
respect to such claim is due). If Banknorth notifies the Executive in writing
prior to the expiration of such period that it desires to contest such claim,
the Executive shall:   (i) give Banknorth any information reasonably
requested by  Banknorth relating to such claim;   (ii) take such action in
connection with contesting such  claim as Banknorth shall reasonably request
in writing from time to  time, including, without limitation, accepting legal
representation with  respect to such claim by an attorney reasonably selected
by Banknorth;   (iii) cooperate with Banknorth in good faith in order 
effectively to contest such claim; and   (iv) permit Banknorth to
participate in any proceedings  relating to such claim;  provided, however,
that Banknorth shall bear and pay directly all costs and expenses (including
additional interest and penalties) incurred in connection with such contest
and shall indemnify and hold the Executive harmless, on an after-tax basis,
for any Excise Tax or income tax (including interest and penalties with
respect thereto) imposed as a result of such representation and payment of
costs and expenses. Without limitation on the foregoing provisions of this
Section 9(c), Banknorth shall control all proceedings taken in
connection with such contest and, at its sole option, may pursue or forego
any and all administrative appeals, proceedings, hearings and conferences
with the taxing authority in respect of such claim and may, at its sole
option, either direct the Executive to pay the tax claimed and sue for a
refund or contest the claim in any permissible manner, and the Executive
agrees to prosecute such contest to a determination before any administrative
tribunal, in a court of initial jurisdiction and in one or more appellate
courts, as Banknorth shall determine; provided, however, that if Banknorth
directs the Executive to pay such claim and sue for a refund, Banknorth shall
advance the amount of such payment to the Executive, on an interest-free
basis, and shall indemnify and hold the Executive harmless, on an after-tax
basis, from any Excise Tax or income tax (including interest or penalties
with respect thereto) imposed with respect to such advance or with respect to
any imputed income with respect to such advance; and further provided that
any extension of the statute of limitations relating to payment of taxes for
the taxable year of the Executive with respect to which such contested amount
is claimed to be due is limited solely to such contested amount. Furthermore,
Banknorth\'s control of the contest shall be limited to issues with respect
to which a Gross-Up Payment would be payable hereunder and the Executive
shall be entitled to settle or contest, as the case may be, any other issue
raised by the Internal Revenue Service or any other taxing   7   74   
authority.   (d) If, after the receipt by the Executive of an amount
advanced by Banknorth pursuant to Section 9(c), the Executive becomes
entitled to receive any refund with respect to such claim, the Executive
shall (subject to Banknorth\'s complying with the requirements of Section
9(c)) promptly pay to Banknorth the amount of such refund (together with any
interest paid or credited thereon after taxes applicable thereto). If, after
the receipt by the Executive of an amount advanced by Banknorth pursuant to
Section 9(c), a determination is made that the Executive shall not be
entitled to any refund with respect to such claim and Banknorth does not
notify the Executive in writing of its intent to contest such denial of
refund prior to the expiration of 30 days after such determination, then such
advance shall be forgiven and shall not be required to be repaid and the
amount of such advance shall offset, to the extent thereof, the amount of
Gross-Up Payment required to be paid.   10. Successors and Assigns. This
Agreement will inure to the benefit  ---------------------- of and be
binding upon the Executive and his assigns, and upon Banknorth, the Company
and the Bank, including any successor thereto by merger or consolidation or
any other change in form or any other person or firm or corporation to
which all or substantially all of the assets and business of Banknorth, the
Company or the Bank may be sold or otherwise transferred. This Agreement may
not be assigned by any party hereto without the written consent of the other
parties.   11. Notices. Any communication to a party required or permitted
under this Agreement, including any notice, direction, designation,
consent, instruction, objection or waiver, shall be in writing and shall be
deemed to have been given at such time as it is delivered personally, or five
(5) days after mailing if mailed, postage prepaid, by registered or certified
mail, return receipt requested, addressed to such party at the address listed
below or at such other address as one such party may by written notice
specify to the other party or parties, as applicable:    If to the
Executive, to the Executive\'s attention at:   American Financial Holdings,
Inc.  102 West Main Street  New Britain, Connecticut 06051   If to
Banknorth:   Banknorth Group, Inc.  P.O. Box 9540  Two Portland Square 
Portland, Maine 04112-9540  Attention: General Counsel   12. Withholding.
Banknorth may withhold from any amounts payable  ----------- under this
Agreement such Federal, state, local or foreign taxes as shall be required to
be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.   8   75   
13. Entire Agreement; Severability.  ------------------------------  (a)
This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties relating to the
subject matter hereof and from and after the Effective Time shall supersede
in its entirety any and all prior agreements or understandings, whether
written or oral, between the Employers and the Executive relating to
the subject matter hereof, including without limitation the Employment
Agreements. In reaching this Agreement, no party has relied upon any
representation or promise except those set forth herein [and as set forth in
the Consulting Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between Banknorth and
the Executive].3   (b) Any term or provision of this Agreement which is
invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction,
be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without
rendering invalid or unenforceable the remaining terms and provisions of this
Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of any of the terms or
provisions of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. If any provision of
this Agreement is so broad as to be unenforceable, the provision shall be
interpreted to be only so broad as is enforceable. In all such cases, the
parties shall use their reasonable best efforts to substitute a valid, legal
and enforceable provision which, insofar as practicable, implements the
original purposes and intents of this Agreement.   14. Amendment; Waiver. 
-----------------  (a) This Agreement may not be amended, supplemented or
modified except by an instrument in writing signed by each party hereto.  
(b) Failure to insist upon strict compliance with any of the terms, covenants
or conditions hereof shall not be deemed a waiver of such term, covenant or
condition. A waiver of any provision of this Agreement must be made in
writing, designated as a waiver and signed by the party against whom
its enforcement is sought. Any waiver or relinquishment of any right or
power hereunder at any one or more times shall not be deemed a waiver
or relinquishment of such right or power at any other time or times.   15.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more 
------------- counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and
all of which shall constitute one and the same Agreement.   16. Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed  ------------- and
enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Maine applicable
to agreements made and entirely to be performed within such jurisdiction.  
17. Headings. The headings of sections in this Agreement are for 
-------- convenience of reference only and are not intended to qualify the
meaning of any section. Any reference to a section number shall refer to a
section of this Agreement, unless otherwise
stated. ___________________________________ 3 Bracketed language to be
included only in the Executive Agreement with Mr. Kenney.    9  
76    18. Gender. References herein to the masculine gender shall be 
------ deemed to refer to the feminine gender where appropriate.   19.
Termination. This Agreement shall terminate upon the date, if 
----------- any, of termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with
its terms. Upon such termination, no party shall have any further obligations
or liabilities hereunder, provided, however, that any such termination shall
not relieve any party from liability for any willful breach of this Agreement
prior to such termination.   20. Effect of Shareholder Agreement. Banknorth
acknowledges and  --------------------------------- agrees that Section 2 of
the Shareholder Agreement entered into with the Executive on even date
herewith shall not apply to the Executive\'s disposition of shares of Company
Common Stock (as such term is defined in the Shareholder Agreement) in
connection with a cashless exercise of Company stock options or the sale of
Company Common Stock received in connection with the distribution of the
Executive\'s interest in the Bank\'s Stock-Based Deferred Compensation
Plan.4    [Signature page to follow]    ---------------------------- 4
This section to be included only in the Executive Agreement with Mr.
Kenney.    77    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has entered
into this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.    
BANKNORTH GROUP, INC.     By:  ------------------------------------ 
Name:  Title:     AMERICAN FINANCIAL HOLDINGS, INC.     By: 
------------------------------------  Name:  Title:     AMERICAN SAVINGS
BANK      By:  ------------------------------------  Name: 
Title:    -----------------------------------  Name of Executive:    
11    78    ANNEX C    CONSULTING AGREEMENT    Consulting
Agreement (the "Agreement"), dated as of August 22, 2002, between Banknorth
Group, Inc. ("Banknorth") and Robert T. Kenney (the "Executive").   
WITNESSETH:   WHEREAS, Banknorth and American Financial Holdings, Inc. (the
"Company") are entering into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of the
date hereof (the "Merger Agreement"), pursuant to which the Company will
merge with and into Banknorth (the "Merger") on the terms and conditions set
forth therein and, in connection therewith, outstanding shares of Company
common stock will be converted into shares of Banknorth common stock and/or
cash in the manner set forth therein; and   WHEREAS, the Executive will no
longer serve as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company upon
consummation of the Merger; and   WHEREAS, the Merger will significantly
extend Banknorth\'s existing markets in Connecticut; and   WHEREAS,
Banknorth desires to have the Executive undertake, and the Executive is
willing to undertake, certain advisory and consulting obligations on the
terms and conditions set forth herein;   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of
the mutual covenants set forth herein and other good and valuable
consideration, the parties hereto agree as follows:   1. Advisory Board;
Consultancy.  ---------------------------  (a) Banknorth agrees to take all
action necessary to cause Banknorth, National Association ("Banknorth, NA"),
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Banknorth, to appoint or elect, effective as of
the effective time of the Merger (the "Effective Time"), Robert T. Kenney as
Chairman of the Connecticut-based board of advisory directors of Banknorth,
NA (the "Advisory Board").   (b) Subject to the terms and conditions set
forth herein, during the two-year period following the Effective Time (the
"Consulting Period"), the Executive undertakes to provide his personal advice
and counsel to Banknorth regarding its operations, customer relationships,
growth and expansion opportunities and other business matters that may arise
in connection with   79   Banknorth\'s business and operations in the
State of Connecticut (collectively, the "Consulting Services").   (i) In no
event shall the Executive be required to provide  Consulting Services
hereunder for more than 20 hours per week or 80  hours in any calendar month
during the Consulting Period.   (ii) The Executive shall provide Consulting
Services as may  be reasonably requested by the Chief Executive Officer of
Banknorth or  his designee from time to time and at mutually agreeable times.
It is  contemplated that the Consulting Services will include, without 
limitation, monthly meetings or teleconferences between the Executive  and
the Chief Executive Officer of Banknorth; efforts by the Executive  to
enhance Banknorth\'s business activities in the State of Connecticut, 
including without limitation meeting with existing and potential  customers
of Banknorth located in this state; attendance at certain  public functions
in the State of Connecticut on behalf of Banknorth and  its subsidiaries;
attendance at certain meetings of the Board of  Directors of Banknorth to
report on the business activities of Banknorth  in Connecticut, and
attendance at certain functions of Banknorth.  Consulting Services may be
provided in person, telephonically,  electronically or by correspondence to
the extent appropriate under the  circumstances.   (iii) The Executive
shall provide the Consulting Services in  the State of Connecticut, including
without limitation the market areas  of the Company prior to its acquisition
by Banknorth, provided that the  Executive may be required to provide
Consulting Services at the  executive offices of Banknorth located in
Portland, Maine up to not more  than two times per month during the
Consulting Period.   (c) Banknorth shall reimburse the Executive or
otherwise provide for or pay for all reasonable expenses incurred by the
Executive at the request of Banknorth, subject to such reasonable
documentation as may be requested by Banknorth. If such expenses are paid in
the first instance by the Executive, Banknorth shall reimburse the Executive
therefor upon receipt of such reasonable documentation as may be requested by
Banknorth.   (d) During the Consulting Period, Banknorth shall provide
the Executive with life insurance coverage not less than $500,000 at
Banknorth\'s expense. In addition, the Executive shall be provided with
health insurance at a level which is similar to that provided to executive
officers of Banknorth during the Consulting Period at Banknorth\'s expense.
Following the Consulting Period, the Executive shall have the option of
continuing such coverage through age 65 at his own expense.   (e) During
the Consulting Period, the Executive shall be treated as an independent
contractor and shall not be deemed to be an employee of Banknorth or any
subsidiary or other affiliate of Banknorth for any purpose.   2   80  
2. Payments and Benefits.  ---------------------  (a) In consideration of
the Executive\'s service as Chairman of the Advisory Board, the consulting
services of the Executive to be provided by the Executive hereunder and the
obligations of the Executive under Section 3 hereof, Banknorth agrees to pay,
or to cause Banknorth, NA to pay, to the Executive $250,000 per year during
the Consulting Period, which shall be payable during each year of the
Consulting Period in two equal installments, with the first payment on the
first day of the applicable year of the Consulting Period and the second
payment on the same date six months later. The Executive acknowledges
and agrees that the foregoing compensation shall be the only compensation to
be provided to the Executive for his service as a member of the Advisory
Board and for the provision of consulting services hereunder.   (b)
Payments to the Executive under this Section 2 may be paid by Banknorth or
Banknorth, NA by check mailed to the address of the Executive set forth in
Section 5 hereof or at such other address as the Executive may
notify Banknorth in accordance with the terms of such section.   (c) If any
payment pursuant to this Section 2 is required to be made on a day which is
not a business day, payment shall be made on the first business day
thereafter, and no interest shall accrue on any such payment for the
intervening period. For purposes of this Agreement, the term "business
day" means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which
banking institutions in the State of Maine or the State of Connecticut are
authorized by law, regulation or executive order to remain closed.   3.
Non-Compete; Confidentiality.  ----------------------------  (a) The
Executive agrees that during the three-year period following consummation of
the Merger the Executive will not, directly or indirectly, (i) become a
director, officer, employee, principal, agent, consultant or independent
contractor of any insured depository institution, trust company or parent
holding company of any such institution or company which has an office in the
State of Connecticut (a "Competing Business"), provided, however, that
this provision shall not prohibit the Executive from owning bonds, non-
voting preferred stock or up to five percent (5%) of the outstanding common
stock of any such entity if such common stock is publicly traded, (ii)
solicit or induce, or cause others to solicit or induce, any employee of
Banknorth or any of its subsidiaries to leave the employment of such entities
or (iii) solicit (whether by mail, telephone, personal meeting or any other
means) any customer of Banknorth or any of its subsidiaries to transact
business with any other entity, whether or not a Competing Business, or to
reduce or refrain from doing any business with Banknorth or its subsidiaries,
or interfere with or damage (or attempt to interfere with or damage) any
relationship between Banknorth or its subsidiaries and any such
customers.   3   81   (b) Except as required by law or regulation
(including without limitation in connection with any judicial or
administrative process or proceeding), the Executive shall keep secret and
confidential and shall not disclose to any third party (other than the
Company, Banknorth or any of their respective subsidiaries) in any fashion or
for any purpose whatsoever any information regarding the Company, Banknorth
or any of their respective subsidiaries which is not available to the general
public to which the Executive had access at any time during the course of the
Executive\'s employment by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, including,
without limitation, any such information relating to: business or operations;
plans, strategies, prospects or objectives; products, technology, processes
or specifications; research and development operations or plans; customers
and customer lists; distribution, sales, service, support and marketing
practices and operations; financial condition, results of operations and
prospects; operational strengths and weaknesses; and personnel and
compensation policies and procedures.   (c) The Executive agrees that
damages at law will be an insufficient remedy to Banknorth in the event that
the Executive violates any of the provisions of paragraph (a) or (b) of this
Section 3, and that Banknorth may apply for and, upon the requisite showing,
have injunctive relief in any court of competent jurisdiction to restrain the
breach or threatened or attempted breach of or otherwise to specifically
enforce any of the covenants contained in paragraph (a) or (b) of this
Section 3. The Executive hereby consents to any injunction (temporary or
otherwise) which may be issued against the Executive and to any other court
order which may be issued against the Executive from violating, or directing
the Executive to comply with, any of the covenants in paragraph (a) or (b) of
this Section 5. The Executive also agrees that such remedies shall be in
addition to any and all remedies, including damages, available to Banknorth
against the Executive for such breaches or threatened or attempted
breaches.   (d) In addition to Banknorth\'s rights set forth in paragraph
(c) of this Section 3, in the event that the Executive shall violate the
terms and conditions of paragraphs (a) or (b) of this Section 3, Banknorth
and its subsidiaries may terminate any payments or benefits of any type and
regardless of source payable by Banknorth or its subsidiaries, if applicable,
to the Executive, other than with respect to payments or benefits to the
Executive under plans or arrangements that are covered by the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.   4. Representations
and Warranties. Banknorth and the Executive 
-------------------------------- represent and warrant to each other that
they have carefully read this Agreement and consulted with respect thereto
with their respective counsel and that each of them fully understands the
content of this Agreement and its legal effect. Each party hereto also
represents and warrants that this Agreement is a legal, valid and binding
obligation of such party which is enforceable against it in accordance with
its terms.   5. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement will inure to the
benefit  ---------------------- of and be binding upon the Executive and his
assigns and upon Banknorth, including any successor to Banknorth by merger or
consolidation or any other change in form or any other person or firm or
corporation to which all or substantially all of the assets and business of
Banknorth may be sold   4   82  or otherwise transferred. This Agreement
may not be assigned by any party hereto without the written consent of the
other party.   6. Notices. Any communication to a party required or
permitted  ------- under this Agreement, including any notice, direction,
designation, consent, instruction, objection or waiver, shall be in writing
and shall be deemed to have been given at such time as it is delivered
personally, or five (5) days after mailing if mailed, postage prepaid, by
registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed to such
party at the address listed below or at such other address as one such party
may by written notice specify to the other party or parties, as
applicable:   If to the Executive:   Robert T. Kenney  181 Maybrock
Road  Waterbury, Connecticut 06708   If to Banknorth:   Banknorth Group,
Inc.  P.O. Box 9540  Two Portland Square  Portland, Maine 04112-9540 
Attention: General Counsel   7. Withholding. Banknorth may withhold from any
amounts payable  ----------- under this Agreement such Federal, state, local
or foreign taxes as shall be required to be withheld pursuant to any
applicable law or regulation.   8. Entire Agreement; Severability. 
------------------------------  (a) This Agreement incorporates the entire
understanding between the parties relating to the subject matter hereof,
recites the sole consideration for the promises exchanged and supersedes any
prior agreements between Banknorth and the Executive with respect to the
subject matter hereof. In reaching this Agreement, no party has relied upon
any representation or promise except those set forth herein.   (b) Any term
or provision of this Agreement which is invalid or unenforceable in any
jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of
such invalidity or unenforceability without rendering invalid or
unenforceable the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement or
affecting the validity or enforceability of any of the terms or provisions of
this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. If any provision of this Agreement
is so broad as to be unenforceable, the provision shall be interpreted to be
only so broad as is enforceable. In all such cases, the parties shall use
their reasonable best efforts to substitute a valid, legal and   5  
83  enforceable provision which, insofar as practicable, implements the
original purposes and intents of this.   9. Amendment; Waiver. 
-----------------  (a) This Agreement may not be amended, supplemented or
modified except by an instrument in writing signed by each party hereto.  
(b) Failure to insist upon strict compliance with any of the terms, covenants
or conditions hereof shall not be deemed a waiver of such term, covenant or
condition. A waiver of any provision of this Agreement must be made in
writing, designated as a waiver and signed by the party against whom
its enforcement is sought. Any waiver or relinquishment of any right or
power hereunder at any one or more times shall not be deemed a waiver
or relinquishment of such right or power at any other time or times.   10.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more 
------------ counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all
of which shall constitute one and the same Agreement.   11. Governing Law.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed  ------------- and
enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Maine applicable
to agreements made and entirely to be performed within such jurisdiction.  
12. Headings. The headings of sections in this Agreement are for 
-------- convenience of reference only and are not intended to qualify the
meaning of any section. Any reference to a section number shall refer to a
section of this Agreement, unless otherwise stated.   13. Effectiveness.
Notwithstanding anything to be contrary contained  ------------- in this
Agreement, the effectiveness of this Agreement shall be subject
to consummation of the Merger in accordance with the terms of the Merger
Agreement, as the same may be amended by the parties thereto in accordance
with its terms.   6   84   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Banknorth and the
Executive have entered into this Agreement as of the day and year first above
written.    BANKNORTH GROUP, INC.     By: 
------------------------------------  Name:  Title:     
------------------------------------  Robert T. Kenney          
7    '

