 EX-10.2 SHARE PURCHASE AGREEMENT   
EXHIBIT 10.2   SHARE PURCHASE AGREEMENT   between   ILLBRUCK GMBH,
SABINA ILLBRUCK, MICHAEL ILLBRUCK   and   TREMCO GERMANY GMBH, RPOW UK
LTD., RPM INTERNATIONAL INC.  Linklaters Oppenhoff and
Raedler  Prinzregentenplatz 10 81675 Munchen Postfach 801520 81615
Munchen  Telefon (49-89) 41808-0 Telefax (49-89) 41808-100  Zeichen
L-095759 KRA/TET  TABLE OF CONTENTS    ~~  Index of
Definitions..............................................................
2  Index of
Schedules................................................................
8  PREAMBLE..........................................................................
10  1 The Group
Companies............................................................ 10  2
Agreement to Sell and Transfer the Shares and the Seller\'s Intellectual 
Property Rights; Agreement re Assignment of Seller\'s Loans; Transfer  of
Contracts...................................................................
16  3 Purchase Price; Preliminary Purchase Price and Purchase Price
Adjustment....... 17  4 Effective Date
Statement....................................................... 19  5
Termination and Clearing of Agreements, etc. Among Related
Companies........... 21  6 Rights and Covenants between Signing and
Closing............................... 22  7 Closing; Closing
Conditions.................................................... 25  8
Seller\'s Guarantees; Seller\'s Best
Knowledge................................... 27  9 Remedies for Breach of
Seller\'s Guarantees..................................... 37  10
Taxation.......................................................................
42  11 Purchasers\' Guarantees; Purchasers\'
Guarantor.................................. 45  12 Confidentiality; Press
Releases; Public Disclosure; Covenants in the Case of  Non-Consummation of
Closing ................................................... 46  13 Post-
Closing Rights and Covenants; Non-Competition; Non-Solicitation...........
47  14 Payments and
Interest.......................................................... 51  15
Notices........................................................................
52  16
Miscellaneous..................................................................
53     1  INDEX OF DEFINITIONS  "ACCOUNTS 2005" shall have the meaning
given to it in Clause 13.3.1;  "AFFILIATE(S)"shall mean affiliated companies
within the meaning of Sections 15 et seq. AktG;  "AKTG" shall mean German
Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz);  "BASE INTEREST RATE" shall mean the
interest rate as applicable from time to time pursuant to Section 247 BGB
(Basiszinssatz im Sinne von Section 247 BGB);  "BGB" shall mean German Civil
Code (Buergerliches Gesetzbuch);  "BIG" is illbruck Bau-Technik
International GmbH with the particulars set forth in Clause 1.1.1;  "BIG-
SUBSIDIARY/IES" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause
1.2.1;  "BUSINESS" shall have the meaning given to it in Letter (F) of the
Preamble;  "BUSINESS DAY" means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a
public holiday in Cologne;  "CASH" shall have the meaning given to it in
Clause 3.2.1(ii);  "CET" shall mean Central European Time as of the relevant
date;  "CLOSING" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause
7.1;  "CLOSING CONDITION(S)" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause
7.2;  "CLOSING DATE" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause
7.1;  "COMPANY/IES" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause
1.1.2;  "COMPETENT AUTHORITIES" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause
6.1.1;  "CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT" is the agreement on confidentiality
concluded between the Seller and the Purchasers\' Guarantor on 22 March
2005;  "CONSOLIDATED AUDITED ACCOUNTS" are the consolidated annual accounts
of the Group Companies as of 31 December 2004 prepared by the Seller and
audited by the respective Seller\'s Auditor;  "CONSOLIDATED EFFECTIVE DATE
ACCOUNTS" shall mean the consolidated accounts of the Group Companies as of
the Effective Date, which, however, is not a legal but a virtual
consolidation prepared only for the purpose of the sale of the
Group Companies; the Consolidated Effective Date Accounts shall be based on
audited year end accounts or audited interim accounts each as of the
Effective Date for the individual Group Companies audited by the respective
Seller\'s Auditor, to be accompanied by a certification of Seller\'s Auditor
issuing - to the extent legally possible - an unqualified opinion
(uneingeschraenkter Bestaetigungsvermerk), and having a language being as
close as possible to the wording of an unqualified opinion as defined in Sec.
322 para. 1 HGB. With regard to the execution of the audit and the
preparation of the Consolidated Effective Date Accounts, it shall be taken
into account that the Group Companies do not qualify as a group or a subgroup
being subject to consolidated accounting within the meaning of Sec. 390 HGB
(Konzern oder Teilkonzern), the Consolidated Effective Date Statements shall
consist merely of a balance sheet and a profit and loss account without
footnotes (Anhang), or a management discussion and analysis (Lagebericht).
However, it is understood that the audit opinion will be qualified on the
belief that the opening balances as of January 1, 2005 will be unaudited, as
they will be derived from the Financial Statements as of December 31, 2004,
which are unaudited (Saldovortrag).    2  "CONTAMINATION" shall be all
air pollution, soil and/or groundwater contamination, artificial deposits,
fillings, Hazardous Materials, ammunition, combat material;  "CONTRACTS"
shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 2.8;  "CONTRACTUAL PARTIES"
shall mean the Parties, SI, MI and the
Purchasers\' Guarantor;  "CONTRACTUAL PARTY" shall mean any of the Parties,
SI, MI and the Purchasers\' Guarantor;  "CORPORATE INCOME TAX REFUND CLAIM"
shall mean "Koerperschaftsteuerguthaben" within the meaning of Section 37 of
the German Corporate Income Tax
Act (Koerperschaftsteuergesetz):  "COUNTERPARTY" shall have the meaning
given to it in Clause 2.8;  "DEBT" shall have the meaning given to it in
Clause 3.2.1(i);  "DE MINIMIS AMOUNT" shall have the meaning given to it in
Clause 9.3.1;  "EFFECTIVE DATE" shall mean 00:00 hours (Central European
Time) of the first day of the calendar month following the month in which the
Closing occurs;  "EFFECTIVE DATE STATEMENT" shall have the meaning given to
it in Clause 4.1;  "EK02" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause
8.1.2(iv);  "ENCUMBRANCE" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause
8.1.3(i);  "ENVIRONMENTAL CLAIM" shall mean any and all administrative or
judicial actions, suits, orders, claims or proceedings pursuant to or
relating to any Environmental Law by any Person based upon, alleging,
asserting, or claiming any actual (I) violation of or liability under any
Environmental Law or any permit or approval there under, or (II) liability
for investigatory costs, cleanup costs, removal costs, remedial costs,
property damage, personal injury, fines, or penalties related to pollution,
Contamination or any Hazardous Material at any location;  "ENVIRONMENTAL
COSTS" means any reasonable investigation, cleanup, remediation, removal or
other response costs, expenses, losses, liabilities or obligations, payments,
damages and disbursements resulting from environmental conditions and any
claim by any governmental authority under Environmental Laws, any
private party claim under Environmental Laws, or any act necessary to come
into material compliance with the Environmental Laws;  "ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS"
shall mean all applicable laws (including common law), ordinances, rules,
regulations, permits, authorisations and orders relating to Environmental
Matters and either being applicable as at the Closing Date or still having an
impact on the Business as at the Closing Date, and applying in jurisdictions
in which any of the Group Companies operate;  "ENVIRONMENTAL LIABILITIES"
means the clean up of the contamination in or near Hall 1 and Hall 2 in Arkel
pertaining to trichloroethylene, regardless whether pertaining to land owned
by the Group Companies or by neighbouring third parties;  "ENVIRONMENTAL
MATTERS" means any matter relating to pollution or Contamination or
protection of the soil, ground water, surface water, land surfaces or
natural resources;  "ESCROW ACCOUNT" shall have the meaning given to it in
Clause 9.10;  "ESCROW AMOUNT" shall have the meaning given to it in Clauses
3.3.1 and 9.10;  "ESTIMATED EFFECTIVE DATE STATEMENT" shall have the meaning
given to it in Clause 3.3.1;  "EQUITY" shall have the meaning given to it
in Clause 3.2.3;    3  "EXPERT" shall have the meaning given to it in
Clause 9.6.2(i);  "FIXED AMOUNT" shall be the amount specified in Clause
3.1;  "GERMAN GAAP" shall mean German generally accepted accounting
principles;  "GERMAN LOAN" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause
5.3;  "GERMAN PURCHASER" shall mean Tremco Germany GmbH; with the
particulars given in Letter (C) of the Preamble;  "GERMAN SHARE(S)" shall
have the meaning given to it in Clause 1.1.1;  "GKV" shall have the meaning
given to it in Clause 9.6.2(i);  "GROUP COMPANY/IES" shall have the meaning
given to it in the last sentence of Clause 1.2.2;  "GROUP SHARES" shall
have the meaning given to it in Clause 1.2.2;  "HAZARDOUS MATERIAL(S)" shall
mean any toxic, hazardous, infectious or radioactive substance, including
those substances defined in or regulated or addressed by any Environmental
Laws; petroleum and petroleum products including crude oil and any fractions
thereof and materials and/or substances which have to be specially treated in
the event of demolition work or removal (asbestos, PCB, lindane,
etc.);  "HGB" shall mean German Commercial Code
(Handelsgesetzbuch);  "INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY" or "IT" shall mean all
computer hardware, software, configurations, and related equipment and
service agreements which are used in order to run the Business as run in the
past, including but not limited to (I) desktop computers, printers, scanners,
data storage units, laptops and other decentralised and/or portable units,
etc., (II) mail servers, data servers, web servers, other servers, proxies,
cetrix systems, middleware, back-up units, hubs, other central and semi-
central units, internal network, infrastructure and links between the
different locations of the Group Companies, etc. (III) links to Internet
providers, Internet gateways, firewalls, virus walls, mx records,
IP addresses, denic, internic and similar entries, etc., (IV) web pages and
their content, including content management systems, (V) all the software
which runs on and/or which is used for the operation of the aforementioned
components, including operating systems and the source code which is in the
possession of any of the Group Companies, and (VI) all libraries and
databases which are related to and/or stored on and/or used by and/or created
by the aforementioned components;  "INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS" shall
have the meaning given to it in Clause 8.1.5(i);  "INVENTORY" shall have
the meaning given to it in Clause 8.1.4(iv);  "INVESTMENT" shall have the
meaning given to it in Clause 6.2.1(ii);  "IT HARDWARE" shall mean the hard
ware owned by the Seller and used by the Group Companies as of the Signing
Date, including, without limitation thereto, the hardware listed in SCHEDULE
2.4;  "KEY EMPLOYEES" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause
8.1.6(vii);  "LEASED REAL PROPERTY" shall have the meaning given to it in
Clause 8.1.3(ii);  "LEVERKUSEN LEASE AGREEMENT" shall have the meaning given
to it in Clause 7.4.7;  "LICENSED INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS" shall have
the meaning given to it in Clause 8.1.5(iv);  "LOCATION" shall have the
meaning given to it in Clause 13.6;    4  "MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE" shall
have the meaning given to it in Clause 7.2.4(i);  "MATERIALLY ADVERSE
EFFECT" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 6.2.1(iv);  "MATERIAL
ASSETS" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 8.1.4(i);  "MATERIAL
CONTRACTS" shall mean any contract with regular payment obligations of either
side of more than EUR 500,000 (in words: Euro five hundred thousand)
per year;  "MI" is Michael Illbruck;  "MODIFICATION PROPOSAL" shall have
the meaning given to it in Clause 7.2.4(ii);  "NEUTRAL AUDITOR" shall have
the meaning given to it in Clause 4.4;  "NET WORKING CAPITAL" shall have the
meaning given to it in Clause 3.2.2;  "NON-SBU-ENTITIES" and "NON-SBU-
ENTITY" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 5.2.1;  "NOTICES"
shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 15.1;  "OBJECTIONS" shall have
the meaning given to it in Clause 4.4;  "OFFSETTING" shall have the meaning
given to it in Clause 5.3;  "OWNED REAL PROPERTY" shall have the meaning
given to it in Clause 8.1.3(i);  "PARTIES" shall be the Seller and the
Purchasers;  "PARTY" shall mean any of the Parties;  "PERSON" shall mean
any individual, legal entity or governmental body;  "PERSON(S) RELATED TO SI
OR MI" shall mean any Person who is either a descendant or a spouse of SI or
MI or which is a legal entity which is controlled (in the meaning of Sec. 15
German Stock Corporation Act - AktG) by SI and/or MI;  "PRELIMINARY PURCHASE
PRICE" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 3.3.1;  "PROVISIONAL
SUPPLY AGREEMENTS" shall have the meaning given to it in
Clause 13.1;  "PUBLIC LAW PERMITS" shall have the meaning given to it in
Clause 8.1.9(i);  "PURCHASE PRICE" shall have the meaning given to it in
Clause 3.1;  "PURCHASE PRICE ADJUSTMENT" shall have the meaning given to it
in Clause 3.3.2;  "PURCHASER" shall mean either the German Purchaser or the
UK Purchaser;  "PURCHASERS" shall mean the German Purchaser and the UK
Purchaser;  "PURCHASERS\' ACCOUNT" shall have the meaning given to it in
Clause 14.1.2;  "PURCHASERS\' GUARANTOR" shall be RPM International Inc.
with the particulars given in Letter (E) of the Preamble;  "PURCHASERS\'
SIDE" shall mean the Purchasers, the Purchasers\' Guarantor and
the Purchasers\' Guarantor\'s Affiliates (in the meaning of Sec. 15 et. seq.
German Stock Corporation Code - AktG -);  "REAL PROPERTY" shall have the
meaning given to it in Clause 8.1.3(ii);  "RELEVANT ASSESSMENT PERIOD" shall
have the meaning given to it in Clause 10.1.1;    5  "RELEVANT COMPANY"
shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 9.5.1;  "RELEVANT EMPLOYEES"
means the employees of the Group Companies who are employed by the Group
Companies as at Signing Date;  "REMAINING BUSINESSES" are the businesses
described in SCHEDULE A;  "REVISED ACCOUNTS 2005" shall have the meaning
given to it in Clause 13.3.4;  "REVISED EFFECTIVE DATE STATEMENT" shall have
the meaning given to it in Clause 4.3;  "SELLER" is illbruck GmbH, with the
particulars given in Letter (A) of the Preamble;  "SELLER\'S ACCOUNT" shall
have the meaning given to it in Clause 14.1.1;  "SELLER\'S AUDITOR" shall be
such auditor appointed by Seller for such measures and tasks as further
specified in this Agreement;  "SELLER\'S BEST KNOWLEDGE" shall have the
meaning given to it in Clause 8.3;  "SELLER\'S FINANCING PAYABLES" shall
have the meaning given to it in Clause 5.2.1;  "SELLER\'S FINANCING
RECEIVABLES" shall have the meaning given to it in
Clause 5.2.2;  "SELLER\'S GUARANTEES" shall have the meaning given to it in
Clause 8.1;  "SELLER\'S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS" shall mean the
Intellectual Property Rights listed in SCHEDULE B or in any other way
comparable to such intellectual property rights;  "SELLER\'S LOANS" shall
mean the UK Loan and the German Loan;  "SELLER\'S SIDE" shall mean each of
the Seller, the Seller\'s Affiliates other than the Group Companies, SI
and/or MI and affiliates of SI and/or MI;  "SENSITIVE INFORMATION" shall
have the meaning given to it in Clause 6.1.4;  "SHARES" shall have the
meaning given to it in Clause 1.1.2;  "SI" is Sabina Illbruck;  "SIGNING
DATE" shall mean the date this Agreement is signed on;  "TAXATION" or "TAX"
means all forms of taxation whether direct or indirect and whether levied by
reference to income, profits, gains, net wealth, asset values, turnover,
added value or other reference and statutory, governmental,
state, provincial, local governmental or municipal impositions, duties,
contributions, rates and levies (including without limitation social security
contributions and any other payroll taxes), whenever and wherever imposed
(whether imposed by way of a withholding or deduction for or on account of
tax or otherwise). The term "Taxation" or "Tax" shall also include any
interest on Taxes and any amounts assessed by the Tax Authorities for not
complying with obligations imposed by tax law (including but not limited to
penalties for late filing and/or delay in payment, surcharges and penalties
for not preparing or not furnishing transfer pricing studies or preparing or
furnishing transfer pricing studies which do not meet the required
standards);  "TAX AUDIT" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause
10.2.1;  "TAX AUTHORITY/IES" means any tax or other authority competent to
impose any liability in respect of Taxation or responsible for the
administration and/or collection of Taxation or enforcement of any law in
relation to Taxation;    6  "TAX CONTEST" shall have the meaning given to
it in Clause 10.2.2;  "TAX SAVING" shall mean the net present value of
reductions of any future tax payments resulting from future depreciation or
expenses related to past depreciation or expenses not fully recognized in any
tax audit. The net present value shall be calculated with a deemed total tax
rate of 35% (in words: thirty-five per cent) and with an interest rate of 5%
(in words: five per cent) per annum on the basis of future depreciations or
expenses that will lead to a reduction of tax payments after the Effective
Date;  "TERRITORY" shall have the meaning given in relation to each of the
Remaining Businesses in SCHEDULE A;  "THIRD PARTY/IES" shall mean any
individual person, legal entity or other subject having full or partial legal
capacity ((Teil-)Rechtsfaehigkeit) which is not a Contractual
Party;  "THRESHOLD AMOUNT" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause
9.3.2;  "UK LOAN" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause
1.1.2;  "UK-HOLDING" is illbruck Holdings Limited, with the particulars set
forth in Clause 1.1.2;  "UK PURCHASER" is RPOW UK Ltd., with the
particulars given in Letter (D) of the Preamble;  "UK-SHARE(S)" shall have
the meaning given to it in Clause 1.1.2;  "UK-SUBSIDIARY/IES" shall have the
meaning given to it in Clause 1.2.2;  "ZPO" shall mean the German Civil
Procedure Code (Zivilprozessordnung).    7  INDEX OF SCHEDULES    ~~
 SCHEDULE A Remaining Businesses and Territory SCHEDULE B Seller\'s
Intellectual Property Rights SCHEDULE 2.2 UK Loan SCHEDULE 2.4 IT
Hardware SCHEDULE 2.6 UK-Shares transfer form SCHEDULE 2.8 List of contracts
to be transferred with approval of contractual partner SCHEDULE 5.1 Inter-
company liabilities SCHEDULE 5.2.1 Certain Inter-company loans SCHEDULE
6.2.2 Claims which may be assigned to Seller SCHEDULE 7.1 Group Companies to
change business year SCHEDULE 7.4.4 Statement on termination of inter-company
liabilities SCHEDULE 7.4.6 Cross-receipt SCHEDULE 7.4.7 Leverkusen Lease
Agreement SCHEDULE 8.1.1(II) Pre-emptive Rights etc. in relation to Group
Shares SCHEDULE 8.1.3(I)-1 List of Owned Real Property SCHEDULE 8.1.3(I)-2
Excerpts of the land registers relating to Owned Real Property SCHEDULE
8.1.3(II) List of Leased Real Property SCHEDULE 8.1.3(IV) List regarding
condition of Owned Real Property SCHEDULE 8.1.4(I) Repair/maintenance of
Material Assets SCHEDULE 8.1.4(III) Material Contracts SCHEDULE 8.1.5(I)
List of certain intellectual property rights SCHEDULE 8.1.5(II)-(1) Dispute
in relation to Intellectual Property Rights SCHEDULE 8.1.5(II)-(2) Potential
Third Party Disputes in relation to Intellectual Property Rights SCHEDULE
8.1.5(IV) Licensed Intellectual Property Rights SCHEDULE 8.1.6(II)
Information on Relevant Employees SCHEDULE 8.1.6(III) Labour
disputes SCHEDULE 8.1.6(VII) Key Employees SCHEDULE 8.1.8(I) Legal Disputes
Exceeding EUR 100,000 SCHEDULE 8.1.8(II) Product liability disputes SCHEDULE
8.1.9(II) Proceedings in relation to Public Law Permits and Environmental
Claims SCHEDULE 8.1.10(I) Contingent Liabilities     8    ~~
 SCHEDULE 8.3-(1) Persons whose knowledge is decisive for Seller\'s Best
Knowledge SCHEDULE 8.3-(2) Persons to be enquired by persons listed in
Schedule 8.3-(1) SCHEDULE 9.10 Escrow Agreement SCHEDULE 13.1 Provisional
Supply Agreements SCHEDULE 13.4 IP-Agreement     9  PREAMBLE  (A)
WHEREAS, the Seller is a limited liability company (Gesellschaft mit 
beschraenkter Haftung) duly organized under the laws of the Federal  Republic
of Germany, registered with the commercial register of the local  court
(Amtsgericht) of Cologne under HRB 48451 ("SELLER");  (B) WHEREAS, Sabina
Illbruck ("SI"), residing at Engelbertstrasse 21, 51381  Leverkusen, and
Michael Illbruck ("MI"), residing at Dirschauerstrasse 5,  81927 Munich, are
the sole shareholders of the Seller;  (C) WHEREAS, Tremco Germany GmbH is a
limited liability company (Gesellschaft  mit beschraenkter Haftung) duly
organized under the laws of the Federal  Republic of Germany, registered with
the commercial register of the local  court (Amtsgericht) of Dusseldorf under
HRB 52143 ("GERMAN PURCHASER");  (D) WHEREAS, RPOW UK Ltd. is a limited
liability company duly organized under  the laws of England and Wales,
registered with the Company\'s House, under  Company No 03205888 ("UK
PURCHASER");  (E) WHEREAS, RPM International Inc., a company duly organized
under the laws of  the US-State of Ohio with administrative headquarters at
2628 Pearl Road,  Medina, Ohio 44258, is the ultimate shareholder of the
Purchasers  ("PURCHASERS\' GUARANTOR");  (F) WHEREAS, the Seller is the
sole shareholder of illbruck Bau-Technik  International GmbH, Germany, and of
illbruck Holdings Ltd., United Kingdom,  which both hold direct and indirect
participations in companies specialised  in the development, production and
distribution of, in particular, high  performance sealant and adhesive
systems for construction, window and door  applications. illbruck Bau-Technik
International GmbH, illbruck Holdings  Ltd. and their respective subsidiaries
constitute the sealant business unit  of the Seller (such business unit,
taken as a whole, hereinafter also  referred to as the "BUSINESS") forming
one of the leading European  manufacturer of innovative and high quality
sealant and adhesive products  and systems;  (G) WHEREAS, the Seller has
determined to sell all shares in (I) illbruck  Bau-Technik International
GmbH, which the German Purchaser wishes to  acquire, and in (II) illbruck
Holdings Ltd., which the UK Purchaser wishes  to acquire;  (H) WHEREAS, the
Seller has determined to assign the German Loan, the IT  Hardware and the
Seller\'s Intellectual Property Rights to the German  Purchaser and to assign
the UK Loan to the UK Purchaser;  (I) WHEREAS, the Contractual Parties wish
to enter into a non-competition  agreement; NOW, THEREFORE, the Contractual
Parties agree as follows:  1 THE GROUP COMPANIES   1.1 Particulars of the
Companies   1.1.1 illbruck Bau-Technik International GmbH ("BIG") is a
limited  liability company (Gesellschaft mit beschraenkter Haftung) duly 
organized under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany,  registered with
the commercial register of the local court  (Amtsgericht) of Cologne under
HRB 49216. The registered share  capital (Stammkapital) of BIG amounts to DEM
7,500,000 (in words:  Deutsche Mark seven million five hundred thousand).
The  registered share capital of BIG is divided into the following  shares,
all of which are held by the Seller (the "GERMAN SHARES",  and each a "GERMAN
SHARE"):    10   (i) one German Share with a nominal value (Nennbetrag)
of DEM  50,000 (in words: Deutsche Mark fifty thousand);   (ii) one German
Share with a nominal value (Nennbetrag) of DEM  3,650,000 (in words: Deutsche
Mark three million six hundred  and fifty thousand); and   (iii) one German
Share with a nominal value (Nennbetrag) of DEM  3,800,000 (in words: Deutsche
Mark three million eight  hundred thousand).   The Seller is the sole
shareholder of BIG.   1.1.2 illbruck Holdings Ltd ("UK-HOLDING";
collectively with BIG: the  "COMPANIES"; either of BIG and UK-Holding: the
"COMPANY"), is a  limited liability company duly organized under the laws
of  England and Wales, registered with the Companies House, London,  under
Company No. 4737161. UK-Holding has an authorised share  capital of GBP
5,000,000.00 (in words: British Pound five  million) and an issued share
capital of GBP 3,800,000.00 (in  words: British Pound three million eight
hundred thousand). The  issued share capital of UK-Holding is divided into
3,800,000 (in  words: three million eight hundred thousand) shares each with
a  nominal value of GBP 1.00 (in words: British Pound one)  (collectively:
"UK-SHARES" and each of them: "UK-SHARE"; the UK  Shares and the German
Shares collectively: the "SHARES"). The  Seller is the sole shareholder of
UK-Holding.   1.2 Particulars of the Companies\' Subsidiaries   1.2.1
Subsidiaries of BIG   BIG directly or indirectly holds shares or interests
in the  following subsidiaries (collectively: "BIG-SUBSIDIARIES"; each of 
them: "BIG-SUBSIDIARY"):   (i) illbruck Bau-Technik GmbH, Germany   BIG
holds 100% (in words: one hundred per cent) of the  registered share capital
(Stammkapital) of illbruck  Bau-Technik GmbH, a German limited liability
company  (Gesellschaft mit beschraenkter Haftung) registered with the 
commercial register of the local court (Amtsgericht) of  Cologne under HRB
49826). The registered share capital of  illbruck Bau-Technik GmbH amounts to
EUR 1,176,000.00 (in  words: Euro one million one hundred and seventy six 
thousand) and is divided into one share with a nominal value  (Nennbetrag) of
EUR 1,175,500.00 (in words: Euro one million  one hundred and seventy-five
thousand five hundred) and one  share with a nominal value (Nennbetrag) of
EUR 500.00 (in  words: Euro five hundred).   (ii) illbruck Sealant Systems
B.V., The Netherlands   BIG holds 100% (in words: one hundred per cent) of
the  shares in illbruck Sealant Systems B.V., a Dutch limited  liability
company (Besloten Vennootschap) registered with  the commercial register of
Rivierenland under B.V.-number  290 027. The share capital    11  
(Geplaatst Aandelenkapital) of illbruck Sealant Systems B.V.  amounts to EUR
267,500 (in words: Euro two hundred  sixty-seven thousand and five hundred)
and is divided into  5,350 (in words: five thousand three hundred and
fifty)  shares with a nominal value (Nennbetrag) of EUR 50 (in  words: Euro
fifty).   illbruck Sealant Systems B.V. directly or indirectly holds 
shares or interests in the following BIG-Subsidiaries:   (a) Arkelveste
B.V., The Netherlands   illbruck Sealant Systems B.V. holds 100% (in words:
one  hundred per cent) of the shares in Arkelveste B.V., a  Dutch limited
liability company (Besloten Vennootschap)  registered with the commercial
register of Rivierenland  under B.V.-number 611 51. The share capital
(Geplaatste  Aandelenkapital) of Arkelveste B.V. amounts to EUR  226,890.11
(in words: Euro two-hundred twenty-six  thousand eight hundred and ninety and
Euro Cent  eleven).   (b) illbruck Sealant Systems Production S.A.,
Belgium   illbruck Sealant Systems B.V. holds 499 (in words: four  hundred
and ninety-nine) shares in illbruck Sealant  Systems Production S.A., a
Belgian stock company  (Societe Anonyme) registered with the commercial 
register of Tournai under Company number 0427.432.577.  The share capital of
illbruck Sealant Systems  Production S.A. amounts to EUR 125,000.00 (in
words:  Euro one hundred and twenty-five thousand) and is  divided into 500
(in words: five hundred) shares. The  remaining share is held by Mr Fred van
Gasteren.   illbruck Sealant Systems Production S.A. holds 100% (in  words:
one hundred per cent) of the shares in Eurobond  S.A., a Belgian stock
company (Societe Anonyme)  registered with the commercial register of
Tournai  under company number 0460 460 879. The share capital of  Eurobond
S.A.. amounts to EUR 285,077.55 (in words:  Euro two hundred eighty-five
thousand and seventy-seven  and Euro Cent fifty-five) and is divided into 575
(in  words: five hundred seventy-five) A-shares and 575 (in  words: five
hundred seventy-five) B-shares each with a  nominal value (Nennbetrag) of EUR
247,89 (in words:  Euro two hundred forty-seven and Euro Cent  eighty-
nine).   (c) PDR Recycling GmbH + Co KG, Germany   illbruck Sealant
Systems B.V. holds a limited partner\'s  interest (Kommanditanteil) in PDR
Recycling GmbH + Co  KG, a German limited partnership 
(Kommanditgesellschaft) registered with the commercial  register of the local
court (Amtsgericht) of Bayreuth  under HRA 2539. illbruck Sealant   
12   Systems B.V. holds an interest with a registered  nominal amount
(Haftsumme) of EUR 58,901.00 (in words:  Euro fifty-eight thousand nine-
hundred and one) out of  a total limited partners\' capital (Gesamtsumme
der  Kommanditanteile) of EUR 708,190.00 (in words: Euro  seven-hundred
eight thousand and one-hundred ninety).   (d) PDR GmbH, Germany   illbruck
Sealant Systems B.V. holds 9.214% (in words:  nine point two one four per
cent) of the registered  share capital (Stammkapital) of PDR GmbH, a German 
limited liability company (Gesellschaft mit  beschraenkter Haftung)
registered with the commercial  register of the local court (Amtsgericht) of
Bayreuth  under HRB 2084. The registered share capital of PDR  GmbH amounts
to EUR 28,000.00 (in words: Euro  twenty-eight thousand). illbruck Sealant
Systems B.V.  holds one share with a nominal value of EUR 2,580.00  (in
words: Euro two thousand five hundred and eighty).  PDR GmbH is the sole
general partner of PDR Recycling  GmbH + Co. KG without any participation in
the capital  (ohne Kapitalbeteiligung).   (e) illbruck Sealant Systems B.V.
holds 100% (in words: one  hundred per cent) of the shares in Asbiton AG, a
Swiss  stock corporation registered with the commercial  register of the
Kanton Zurich under company number  CH-020.3.901.815-6 and currently under
liquidation with  the liquidation proceedings presumably completed prior  to
Closing Date.   (f) illbruck Sealant Systems B.V. holds 100% (in words:
one  hundred per cent) of the shares in Cocon Polska  Sp.z.o.o., a Polish
limited liability company  registered with the commercial register of the
district  court of Krakow under company number KRS 0000087578  currently
under liquidation with the liquidation  proceedings presumably completed
prior to Closing Date.   (iii) illbruck Building Systems s.r.o., Czech
Republic   BIG holds 100% (in words: one hundred per cent) of the  shares
in illbruck Building Systems s.r.o., a Czech limited  liability company
(Spolecnost s rucenim omezenym) registered  with the commercial register of
the city court of Prague  under number C 1682 and ID-number 158 908 13.The
share  capital of illbruck Building Systems s.r.o. amounts to CZK 
1,200,000.00 (in words: Czech Crowns one million and two  hundred
thousand).   (iv) illbruck Systemy Uszcz. Sp.z.o.o., Poland   BIG holds
100% (in words: one hundred per cent) of the  shares in illbruck Systemy
Uszcz. Sp.z.o.o., a Polish  limited liability company (Spolka z ograniczona 
odpowiedzialnoscia) registered with the    13   commercial register of
Krakow under number 96 230.The share  capital of illbruck Systemy Uszcz.
Sp.z.o.o. amounts to PLN  3,202,000.00 (in words: Polish Zloty three million
and two  hundred two thousand) and is divided into 3,202 (in words:  three
thousand and two hundred two) shares with a nominal  value (Nennbetrag) of
PLN 1,000.00 (in words: Polish Zloty  one thousand).   (v) illbruck Joints
et Systemes S.A.S., France   BIG holds 100% (in words: one hundred per cent)
of the  shares in illbruck Joints et Systemes S.A.S., a French stock 
company (Societe par Actions Simplifiee) registered with the  commercial
register of Strasbourg under TI-number 433 891  447 and under number 2000 B
1474. The share capital of  illbruck Joints et Systemes S.A.S. amounts to
EUR  2,880,000.00 (in words: Euro two million eight hundred and  eighty
thousand).   (vi) illbruck Sealant Systems N.V., Belgium   BIG holds
99.75% (in words: ninety-nine point seven five per  cent) of the shares in
illbruck Sealant Systems N.V., a  Belgian stock company (Naamloze
Vennootschap) registered  with the commercial register of Antwerpes under
BTW-number  472 189 961 and HR-number 340 498. The share capital of 
illbruck Sealant Systems N.V. amounts to EUR 100,000.00 (in  words: Euro one
hundred thousand) and is divided into 400  (in words: four hundred) shares
with a nominal value  (Nennbetrag) of EUR 250.00 out of which 399 (in words:
three  hundred ninety-nine) are held by BIG and 1 (in words: one)  is held
by Mr Klaus Dieter Hillringhaus.   illbruck Sealant Systems N.V. holds 100%
(in words: hundred  per cent) of the shares in Colymit Contractors N.V., a 
Belgian stock company (Naamloze Vennootschap) registered  with the Commercial
Register of Antwerp under company number  0406.409.016.   Colymit
Contractors N.V. holds 100% (in words: one hundred  per cent) of the shares
in Colymit N.V., a Belgian stock  company (Naamloze Vennootschap) registered
with the  commercial register of Antwerpes under BE-number 403 812 285  and
under HR-number 134 971. The share capital of Colymit  N.V. amounts to EUR
141,000.00 (in words: Euro one hundred  and forty-one thousand).   Colymit
Contractors N.V. holds 100% (in words: one hundred  per cent) of the shares
in Caseko Sealants B.V., a Dutch  limited liability company (Besloten
Vennootschap) registered  with the commercial register of West-Brabant. The
share  capital of Caseko Sealants B.V. amounts to EUR 18,151.21 (in  words:
Euro eighteen thousand one hundred fifty-one and Euro  Cent twenty-
one).    14   It is intended to merge Colymit Contractors N.V. onto 
Colymit N.V. prior to Closing Date.   (vii) illbruck Bau-Technik
International GmbH holds 100% (in  words: one hundred per cent) of the shares
in illbruck  Sealant Systems Inc., a company incorporated under the laws  of
the US-State of Minnesota. illbruck Sealant Systems, Inc.  currently is under
liquidation with the liquidation  proceedings presumably completed prior to
the Closing Date.   1.2.2 Subsidiaries of illbruck Holdings Ltd   UK-
Holding directly or indirectly holds shares or interests in  the following
subsidiaries (collectively: the "UK-SUBSIDIARIES";  each of them: "UK-
SUBSIDIARY"):   UK-Holding is the sole shareholder of Alfas Group Limited,
a  limited liability company duly organized under the laws of  England and
Wales, registered with the Companies House, London,  under Company No.
2448031. Alfas Group Limited has an authorised  share capital of GBP 400,000,
divided into 120,000 A ordinary  shares of GPB 1 each, 20,000 B ordinary
shares of GBP 1 each, and  260,000 ordinary shares of GBP 1 each. The issued
share capital  of GBP 380,000.00 (in words: British Pound three hundred
eighty  thousand) is divided in 260,000 (in words: two hundred sixty 
thousand) ordinary shares each with a nominal value of GBP 1.00  (in words:
British Pound one) and 120,000 (in words: hundred and  twenty thousand)
shares classified "Ordinary A" each with a  nominal value of GBP 1.00 (in
words: British Pound one).   Alfas Group Limited holds shares in the
following subsidiaries:   (i) Alfas Group Limited is the sole shareholder of
illbruck  Sealant Systems UK Limited, a limited liability company duly 
organized under the laws of England and Wales, registered  with the Companies
House, London, under Company No. 1583503.  illbruck Sealant Systems UK
Limited. The issued share  capital of GBP 100,000.00 (in words: British Pound
hundred  thousand) is divided in 100,000 (in words: hundred thousand) 
ordinary shares each with a nominal value of GBP 1.00 (in  words: British
Pound one).   (ii) Alfas Group Limited is the sole shareholder of
Compriband  Limited, a limited liability company duly organized under  the
laws of England and Wales, registered with the Companies  House, London,
under Company No. 2802593. The authorised and  issued share capital of GBP
600,000.00 (in words: British  Pound six hundred thousand) is divided in
300,000 (in words:  three hundred thousand) shares classified "Ordinary A"
each  with a nominal value of GBP 1.00 (in words: British Pound  one) and
300,000 (in words: three hundred thousand) shares  classified "Ordinary B"
each with a nominal value of GBP  1.00 (in words: British Pound one).   
15   The Companies, the BIG-Subsidiaries and the UK-Subsidiaries, except 
for Colymit Contractors N.V., Asbiton AG, Cocon Polska Sp.z.o.o. and 
illbruck Sealant Systems Inc., are hereinafter collectively referred  to as
the "GROUP COMPANIES" and each of them as "GROUP COMPANY". The  shares of,
including the partner\'s interest in, the Group Companies  are collectively
referred to as the "GROUP SHARES".  2 AGREEMENT TO SELL AND TRANSFER THE
SHARES AND THE SELLER\'S INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY RIGHTS; AGREEMENT RE
ASSIGNMENT OF SELLER\'S LOANS; TRANSFER OF  CONTRACTS   2.1 On and subject
to the terms of this Agreement, the Seller hereby sells  in personam
(schuldrechtlich) the German Shares to the German  Purchaser and the German
Purchaser hereby accepts such sale of the  German Shares.   2.2 On and
subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Seller hereby sells  in personam
(schuldrechtlich) the UK-Shares and the UK Loan as further  specified in
SCHEDULE 2.2 to the UK Purchaser and the UK Purchaser  hereby accepts such
sale of the UK-Shares and the UK Loan.   2.3 On and subject to the terms of
this Agreement, the Seller hereby sells  in personam (schuldrechtlich) the
German Loan to the German Purchaser.  The German Purchaser hereby accepts
such sale of the German Loan.   2.4 On and subject to the terms of this
Agreement, the Seller hereby sells  in personam (schuldrechtlich) the
Seller\'s Intellectual Property  Rights as well as the IT Hardware to the
German Purchaser. The German  Purchaser hereby accepts the sale of the
Seller\'s Intellectual  Property Rights as well as the IT Hardware.   2.5
The Seller hereby agrees to transfer in rem (dinglich) the German  Shares,
the Seller\'s Intellectual Property Rights, the IT Hardware and  the German
Loan to the German Purchaser, and the German Purchaser  hereby agrees to
accept such transfer of the German Shares, the  Seller\'s Intellectual
Property Rights, the IT Hardware and the German  Loan. The transfer of the
German Shares, the Seller\'s Intellectual  Property Rights, the IT Hardware
and the German Loan shall be  conditional (aufschiebend bedingt) to   2.5.1
the Closing Conditions having all occurred; and   2.5.2 the Preliminary
Purchase Price having been received by the  Seller and the Escrow Agents as
specified in Clause 3.3.1.   2.6 The Seller and the UK Purchaser agree that
the UK-Shares are not  transferred by virtue of this Agreement but will be
transferred with  effect in rem (mit dinglicher Wirkung) at the Closing by
means of a  separate stock transfer deed substantially in the form as
attached  hereto as SCHEDULE 2.6. The Seller hereby agrees to transfer in
rem  (dinglich) the UK Loan to the UK Purchaser and the UK Purchaser hereby 
agrees to accept such transfer of the UK Loan. The transfer of the UK  Loan
shall be conditioned to Clause 2.5.1 and 2.5.2.   2.7 The Shares, the
Seller\'s Intellectual Property Rights, IT Hardware and  the Seller\'s Loans
shall be sold together with all rights and  obligations attaching to them as
at the Closing Date (including,  without limitation, the right to receive all
dividends or  distributions declared, made or paid on or after the Closing
Date, and  profit    16   generated during the current business year,
including the period up to  the Closing Date, and interest, etc.) except as
contemplated otherwise  in Clause 13.3.6.   2.8 The Parties are aware that
some contracts including, without  limitation thereto, the contracts listed
in SCHEDULE 2.8 for the  provision of services, etc. (e.g. lease agreements,
hardware and  software licence agreements, etc.) to the Business as it has
been  operated in the past have been entered into by the Seller (the 
"CONTRACTS"). The Parties hereby acknowledge that the transfer of  those
Contracts requires the consent of the respective contractual  partner (the
"COUNTERPARTY"). The Parties shall jointly make intensive  endeavours to
obtain the consent of third parties if this is necessary  for the transfer of
the Contracts and entry into the Contracts as of  Closing or without any
undue delay thereafter. Should a Counterparty  to any Contract not consent to
the assumption of such Contract by one  of the Purchasers, the Seller shall,
upon request of the Purchasers,  continue the respective contract for the
benefit and at the expense of  the Group Companies if legally possible.  3
PURCHASE PRICE; PRELIMINARY PURCHASE PRICE AND PURCHASE PRICE ADJUSTMENT  
3.1 Purchase Price   The "PURCHASE PRICE" to be paid by Purchasers as joint
and several  debtors to the Seller for the Shares, the Seller\'s
Intellectual  Property Rights, the IT Hardware and the Seller\'s Loans as
sold and  purchased hereunder shall be the aggregate of a fixed amount of
EUR  115,000,000 (in words: Euro one hundred and fifteen million) ("FIXED 
AMOUNT") subject to the adjustments specified in Clause 3.2.   3.2 Purchase
Price Adjustments   3.2.1 The Purchase Price shall be decreased by the Debt
as defined in  Clause 3.2.1 (i) below and increased by the Cash as defined
in  Clause 3.2.1 (ii) below.   (i) "DEBT" shall be the aggregate
consolidated nominal amount of  the following financial debt obligations 
(Finanzverbindlichkeiten) of the Group Companies as of the  Effective
Date:   (a) liabilities from borrowings within the meaning of  Section 266
para 3 C no 1 HGB;   (b) liabilities owed to credit institutions 
(Verbindlichkeiten gegenueber Kreditinstituten) within  the meaning of
Section 266 para. 3 C no 2 HGB);   (c) liabilities from the acceptance of
drawn bills of  exchange (gezogene Wechsel) and the issue of own bills  of
exchange (Austellung eigener Wechsel) within the  meaning of Section 266
para. 3 C no. 5 HGB;   (d) the amount payable pursuant to Clause 13.3.6 if
BIG is  a debtor thereunder;   (ii) "CASH" shall be the aggregate
consolidated amount of the  following items of cash and cash equivalents of
the Group  Companies as of the Effective Date:    17   (a) cash, cash in
banks and cash equivalents within the  meaning of Section 266 para. 2 (B)
(IV) HGB as well as  the consolidated amount of securities (sonstige 
Wertpapiere) within the meaning of Section 266 para. 2  lit. (B) (III) (3)
HGB.   (b) The amount payable pursuant to Clause 13.3.6 if the  Seller is a
debtor thereunder.   3.2.2 The Purchase Price shall be increased or
decreased, as the case  may be, on a Euro-for-Euro basis, by any increase or
decrease in  the Business\' Net Working Capital as of the Closing Date from
EUR  33,400,000 (in words: Euro thirty three million and four hundred 
thousand). Such calculation is based on and derived from the  Consolidated
Effective Date Accounts. As used in this Agreement,  "NET WORKING CAPITAL"
shall mean the difference between the  aggregate book values of Trade
Accounts Receivable (Forderungen  aus Lieferungen und Leistungen) within the
meaning of section 266  paragraph 2 B II. No. 1 HGB, Inventory (Vorraete)
within the  meaning of section 266 paragraph 2 B I. No. 1 to 4 HGB, and 
Accrued Expenses (Rechnungsabgrenzungsposten) within the meaning  of section
266 paragraph 2 C. HGB, minus the aggregate book value  of Trade Accounts
Payable (Verbindlichkeiten aus Lieferungen und  Leistungen) within the
meaning of section 266 paragraph 3 C No. 4  HGB and Accrued Income
(Rechnungsabgrenzungsposten) within the  meaning of section 266 paragraph 3 D
HGB.   3.2.3 The Purchase Price shall be decreased on a Euro-for-Euro
basis,  by any decrease in the Group Companies\' consolidated Equity as of 
the Closing Date from EUR - 10,000,000 (in words: Euro minus ten  million).
Such a calculation shall be based on and derived from  the Consolidated
Effective Date Accounts. As used in this  Agreement, "EQUITY" shall have the
meaning as given in Section  266 (3) A of the HGB. For the avoidance of
doubt, it is hereby  stated that if the Equity is negative (i.e. a capital
deficit  (nicht durch Eigenkapital gedeckter Fehlbetrag) within the  meaning
of section 268 para 3 of the HGB), a higher capital  deficit shall lead to a
decrease and a lower capital deficit  shall lead to an increase in the
Purchase Price Adjustment.   3.2.4 The Parties hereby agree that each event
is to be taken into  consideration only once and in the following sequence:
(1)  Purchase Price Adjustment and (2) Guarantees.   3.3 Preliminary
Purchase Price   3.3.1 The Seller shall at least 10 (in words: ten) Business
Days prior  to the Closing Date deliver to the Purchasers an estimate, 
calculated in good faith, of the (1) Debt and Cash, (2) the  Seller\'s Loans,
(3) Net Working Capital, and (4) the Group  Companies\' consolidated Equity
existing on the Effective Date  (the "ESTIMATED EFFECTIVE DATE STATEMENT").
The Fixed Amount  increased or decreased by the Debt, the Cash, the
adjustment  amount of Net Working Capital and the adjustment amount of the 
Group Companies\' consolidated Equity as shown in the Estimated  Effective
Date Statement, shall be the preliminary purchase price  to be paid at
Closing    18   ("PRELIMINARY PURCHASE PRICE"). On the Closing Date,
the  Preliminary Purchase Price becomes due and payable and shall be 
credited on the same day, as follows:   (a) 85% of the Preliminary Purchase
Price shall be paid into the  Seller\'s Account;   (b) 15% of the
Preliminary Purchase Price shall be paid into the  Escrow Account (the
"ESCROW AMOUNT").   3.3.2 If on the basis of the Effective Date Statement,
the Purchase  Price is higher than the Preliminary Purchase Price, the 
Purchasers shall pay to the Seller an amount equal to the amount  by which
the Purchase Price exceeds the Preliminary Purchase  Price. If on the basis
of the Effective Date Statement the  Preliminary Purchase Price is higher
than the Purchase Price, the  Seller shall pay to the Purchasers an amount
equal to the amount  by which the Preliminary Purchase Price exceeds the
Purchase  Price. Any such amount to be paid by either the Purchasers or the 
Seller ("PURCHASE PRICE ADJUSTMENT") shall be paid within 10 (in  words: ten)
Business Days after the Effective Date Statement has  become final and
binding upon the Parties in accordance with  Clause 4.3 to the Seller\'s
Account or the Purchasers\' Account as  the case may be. Any Purchase Price
Adjustment shall bear  interest as from Effective Date until the date of the
actual  payment at a rate per annum of 4% (in words: four per cent) above 
the Base Interest Rate. Interest shall be calculated on the basis  of actual
days elapsed and a calendar year with 360 (in words:  three hundred sixty)
days. Any Purchase Price Adjustment due by  Seller shall be paid in one
amount to Purchasers; the  distribution between the Purchasers shall be dealt
with  internally by them.  4 EFFECTIVE DATE STATEMENT   4.1 Preparation
of the Effective Date Statement   The Purchase Price shall be bindingly
determined in the Effective Date  Statement.   The "EFFECTIVE DATE
STATEMENT" shall show (1) the Debt and the Cash  (2) the Seller\'s Loans, (3)
the Net Working Capital, and (4) the Group  Companies\' consolidated Equity,
each existing as per the Effective  Date, as well as any Purchase Price
Adjustment resulting there from.   The Effective Date Statement shall be
prepared by the Seller by  applying the figures of the Consolidated Effective
Date Accounts. The  Consolidated Effective Date Accounts shall be prepared by
the Seller  in accordance with German GAAP, whereby the virtual character of
the  consolidation has to be taken into account, using the accounting 
principles used in preparing the virtual consolidated accounts of the 
Business as of 31 December 2004. The virtual consolidated accounts of  the
Business as of 31 December 2004 were based on the Consolidated  Audited
Accounts. In the event of discrepancies between German GAAP  and the
principles applied in the past, German GAAP shall prevail  taking the virtual
character of the consolidation into account. The  aforementioned
determination of the Consolidated Effective Date  Accounts shall include the
following joint understanding of the  Parties,    19   which shall be
binding for the Seller, Purchasers and Neutral Auditor,  even if they deviate
from the principles set forth in this third  sub-paragraph of Clause 4.1.  
4.1.1 The Seller\'s Loans shall be accounted for at nominal value.   4.1.2
No reserve shall be made for the costs mentioned in Clause  13.3.7   The
Purchasers shall after the Closing Date instruct the management of  each
Group Company to effectively assist the Seller in the preparation  of the
Consolidated Effective Date Accounts and the Effective Date  Statement and
give the Seller and the Seller\'s Auditor access to any  information
reasonably requested by the Seller for this purpose.   4.2 Delivery of
Effective Date Statement; Work Papers   The Effective Date Statement
prepared by the Seller shall be delivered  by the Seller to the Purchasers no
later than 60 (in words: sixty)  Business Days after the Closing Date. The
Purchasers and its  representatives shall have the right to examine and make
copies of the  work papers and other documents generated or reviewed in
connection  with the preparation of the Consolidated Effective Date Accounts
and  the Effective Date Statements.   4.3 Binding Effect; Revised Effective
Date Statement   The determination of (1) the Debt and Cash, (2) Seller\'s
Loans, (3)  the Net Working Capital, and (4) the Group Companies
consolidated  Equity shall be based on the Effective Date Statement to the
extent  that the Purchasers does not within 30 (in words: thirty) Business 
Days after the receipt of the Effective Date Statement provide the  Seller
with a written report asserting that the Effective Date  Statement received
from the Seller does not meet the provisions of  this Agreement by way of
stating specific objections to that effect.  In such event a revised
Effective Date Statement shall be prepared by  the Purchasers and submitted
to the Seller within a further 30 (in  words: thirty)-Business Day period
which shall take into account the  changes that are necessary in the
Purchasers\' view ("REVISED EFFECTIVE  DATE STATEMENT"). At Seller\'s request
Seller\'s Auditor shall receive  all necessary assistance and shall be given
access to the management  of the Group Companies and to all documentation
relevant for reviewing  the Revised Effective Date Statement, including the
working papers of  the Purchasers. If no written objections are raised by the
Seller  within 30 (in words: thirty) Business Days following the delivery
of  the Revised Effective Date Statement by the Purchasers, then the 
Revised Effective Date Statement shall be final and binding on the  Parties
and the determination of (1) the Debt and Cash, (2) the  Seller\'s Loans, (3)
the Net Working Capital, and (4) the Group  Companies consolidated Equity,
each existing as per the Effective  Date, as well as any Purchase Price
Adjustment resulting there from,  shall be based on the Revised Effective
Date Statement.   4.4 Arbitration Proceedings   If, after the Seller
having raised in time and due form its objections  against the Revised
Effective Date Statement ("OBJECTIONS"), the  Parties cannot agree on the
changes to the Revised Effective Date  Statement within 30 (in words: thirty)
Business Days following the  delivery of the Objections, each Party shall be
entitled to request  the Institut der Wirtschaftspruefer in Deutschland e.V.,
Duesseldorf,  to appoint an auditor to act as an arbitrator
(Schiedsgutachter)  ("NEUTRAL AUDITOR") to    20   determine the correct
amount of the Debt, the Cash, the Seller\'s  Loans, the Net Working Capital
and the Group Companies\' consolidated  Equity as at the Effective Date, if
and to the extent such positions  are in dispute between the Parties. The
Neutral Auditor shall decide  in accordance with the principles set out in
Clause 4.1 on the issues  in dispute within 30 (in words: thirty) Business
Days after being  appointed. The Neutral Auditor shall give the Parties
adequate  opportunity to present their views in writing and at a hearing or 
hearings to be held in the presence of the Parties and their advisors.  The
Neutral Auditor shall give reasons for its decision and on all  issues, which
are in dispute between the Parties. The Effective Date  Statement as
determined by the Neutral Auditor shall be final and  binding (having the
effect of a Schiedsgutachten within the meaning of  Sections 317 et seq.
BGB).   4.5 Costs of Reviews   The direct, actual costs of the preparation
of the Effective Date  Statement as well as of the Consolidated Effective
Date Accounts shall  be borne by the Purchasers and all costs arising out of
or in  connection with the review by the Purchasers shall be borne by the 
Purchasers. In the case of arbitration proceedings referred to in  Clause 4.4
the Neutral Auditor shall decide upon the allocation of its  costs and
expenses in accordance with Sections 91 et seq. ZPO.  5 TERMINATION AND
CLEARING OF AGREEMENTS, ETC. AMONG RELATED COMPANIES   5.1 Termination  
The Seller shall procure that with effect as of the Closing Date all 
agreements, liabilities, contingent liabilities, etc. between the  Seller\'s
Side, on the one hand and any of the Group Companies on the  other hand (such
agreements, liabilities, contingent liabilities, etc.  listed - without
limitation thereto - in SCHEDULE 5.1), except for  Seller\'s Loans, even
though listed in SCHEDULE 5.1 and the amount  payable pursuant to Clause
13.3.6, are terminated in such a way that  no party to any of those
agreements has a claim or a liability under  any of those agreements.   5.2
Assignment and Assumption   The Seller shall procure that prior to, or on
the Closing Date   5.2.1 the outstanding balances (including interest
accrued thereon)  payable to the Group Companies by the Seller\'s Side other
than  the Group Companies ("NON-SBU-ENTITIES" or each individually the 
"NON-SBU-ENTITY") under the intercompany financing agreements  including the
respective loans listed in SCHEDULE 5.2.1 or for  goods delivered or for
services provided or under any other  agreement, each of the outstanding
balances existing as per the  Closing Date (herein "SELLER\'S FINANCING
PAYABLES") shall be  assumed by the Seller with full release of the
respective  Non-SBU-Entity (befreiende Schulduebernahme), providing in each 
case the consent of the respective Group Company to such change  of debtor
(Zustimmung zum Schuldnerwechsel); and   5.2.2 the outstanding balances
(including interest accrued thereon)  payable by the Group Companies to the
Seller\'s Side under the  inter-company financing agreements including the
respective loans  listed in    21   SCHEDULE 5.2.1 or for goods
delivered or services provided or  under any other agreement each of the
outstanding balances  existing on the Effective Date (herein "SELLER\'S
FINANCING  RECEIVABLES") shall be assigned (abgetreten) by the Seller\'s
Side  to the Seller; and   5.2.3 the outstanding Seller\'s Financing
Receivables existing as per  the Effective Date payable by any of the Group
Companies other  than BIG to any Non-SBU-Entity shall be assumed by BIG for
due  consideration with full release of the respective Group Company 
(befreiende Schulduebernahme) providing in each case the consent  of the
respective Non-SBU-Entity other than the Seller to such  change of debtor
(Zustimmung zum Schuldnerwechsel); and   5.2.4 the outstanding Seller\'
Financing Payables existing as per the  Effective Date payable to any of the
Group Companies other than  BIG by any Non-SBU-Entity shall be assigned by
the respective  Group Company to BIG.   5.3 Offsetting   The Seller\'s
Financing Payables as well as any outstanding balance  payable by the Seller
to BIG shall be offset (aufgerechnet) against  the Seller\'s Financing
Receivables as well as any outstanding payable  by BIG to the Seller, each as
of Closing Date (herein "OFFSETTING").  Seller shall procure that the
respective debtor and creditor agree  upon the balance being due at Closing
Date.   Claims resulting from the profit-and-loss pooling agreement
existing  between Seller and BIG shall be excluded from the offsetting. The 
party liable for payment of such claim under the profit-and-loss  pooling
agreement between Seller and BIG shall pay the due amount  without undue
delay as soon as the Accounts 2005 or the Revised  Accounts 2005, as
applicable, shall be final and binding on the  Parties. Should BIG be liable
for such claim, Purchasers will procure  that the obligation of such payment
will be fulfilled by BIG as  provided for in the prior sentence.   The
Offsetting shall not result in any adjustment, positive or  negative, to any
element included in the calculation of the Net  Working Capital or the
Equity.   The amount owed by BIG to the Seller once the Offsetting has
been  consummated shall be referred to as the "GERMAN LOAN".   5.4 Clauses
5.2 and 5.3 shall not apply to the UK Loan.  6 RIGHTS AND COVENANTS BETWEEN
SIGNING AND CLOSING   6.1 Merger Control Proceedings   6.1.1 The
Purchasers shall ensure that any filings to be made with the  Federal Cartel
Office (Bundeskartellamt; "COMPETENT AUTHORITIES")  will be made at the
latest within 10 (in words: ten) Business  Days after the Signing Date,
unless the applicable laws and  regulations require an earlier filing. Such
filings shall be made  by the Purchasers also on behalf of the Seller,
provided,  however, that the contents of such filings shall require prior 
written approval of the Seller, which shall not unreasonably be  withheld.
Any filings with the Competent Authorities shall be  provided to the Seller
at least 3 (in words: three) Business Days  prior to filing.    22  
6.1.2 The Parties shall closely co-operate in the preparation of such 
filings. Each Party shall without undue delay provide the other  Parties with
copies of any correspondence with the Competent  Authorities and with copies
of any written statement, order or  decision of the Competent Authorities.
The Parties shall closely  co-operate in any discussions and negotiations
with the Competent  Authorities with the objective to obtain clearance for
the  transaction contemplated by this Agreement in the shortest time  period
possible.   6.1.3 The Purchasers may withdraw (zuruecknehmen) filings with
the  Competent Authorities or agree with them on the extension of any 
examination period only with the express prior written consent of  the
Seller.   6.1.4 Commercially or otherwise sensitive information on the
Seller or  any of the Seller\'s Affiliates other than the Group Companies - 
required for the merger control proceedings or other statutory or  regulatory
requirements ("SENSITIVE INFORMATION") shall only be  provided by the Seller
to the Purchasers\' external advisors  directly involved in such proceedings,
but not to the Purchasers  themselves. The Seller may refuse to provide
Sensitive  Information if the respective external advisors do not confirm
in  writing that they will keep Sensitive Information confidential  and, in
particular, that they will not disclose Sensitive  Information vis-a-vis the
Purchasers. This Clause 6.1.4 shall  apply mutatis mutandis to commercially
or otherwise sensitive  information on the Purchasers or any of the
Purchasers\'  Affiliates.   6.1.5 If the Competent Authorities have not
cleared the transaction  contemplated by this Agreement within 4 (in words:
four) months  from the date of this Agreement, either Party shall be
entitled  (in addition to and without prejudice to all other rights or 
remedies available, including the right to claim damages) to  terminate
(zuruecktreten) this Agreement without liability on its  part. After a
termination in accordance with this Clause 6.1.5,  this Agreement shall cease
to have force and effect and shall not  create any binding obligation between
the Contractual Parties  except that Clauses 12, 15 and 16 shall remain in
force and  effect.   6.2 Pre-Closing Rights and Covenants of the Seller  
6.2.1 Between the Signing Date and the Closing Date, the Seller shall 
procure, to the extent permissible under applicable law, that   (i) the
Group Companies conduct their business operations in the  ordinary course of
business and substantially in the same  manner as before;   (ii) any
investment or business decision neither contained in the  respective Group
Company\'s investment plan nor otherwise to  be regarded as falling within
the ordinary course of  business which results (A) in annual payment
obligations or  direct expenditures of more than EUR 250,000 (in words:
Euro  two hundred and fifty thousand), or (B), in the case of the  signing
of a contract, in annual payment obligations of  either contractual party of
more than EUR 150,000 (in words:  Euro one hundred and fifty thousand) and a
duration of more  than 1 (in words: one) year (each of these    23  
investments or business decisions hereinafter referred to as  "INVESTMENT")
shall only be taken/signed after the  Purchasers have approved such
Investment. If the Group  Companies in relation to such Investment act in
accordance  with the approval or non-approval of the Purchasers, this  shall
neither directly nor indirectly lead to any liability  of the Seller vis-a-
vis the Purchasers under this Agreement,  in particular on the basis of
Clauses 8 to 10, unless the  Seller or the Group Companies retained
information available  to it/them required for the assessment of the
adverse  consequences of such Investment;   (iii) upon Purchasers\'
request, the management, employees and  advisors of the Purchasers shall get
reasonable access to  information on the Group Companies, in particular on
the  development of the Business in 2005, provided that the  respective
persons are either bound by the Confidentiality  Agreement or subject to
professional secrecy obligations.   (iv) the Purchasers are immediately
informed of any change in the  Business that has a Materially Adverse Effect.
"MATERIALLY  ADVERSE EFFECT" shall mean (A) any incident that leads, on  the
basis of the relevant business plan, to a loss on the  part of any of the
Group Companies in excess of EUR 250,000  (in words: Euro two hundred and
fifty thousand), or (B) the  termination of a contract entered into by any of
the Group  Companies with annual payment obligations of either  contractual
party in excess of EUR 150,000 (in words: Euro  one hundred and fifty
thousand);   (v) upon written request by the UK Purchaser, the Seller
shall  procure that illbruck Sealant Systems UK Ltd. exercises its 
termination right regarding its lease agreements for the  Coalville real
estate with effect as of 31 January 2006,  provided that such written request
is received by the Seller  by 28 July 2005 at the latest.   6.2.2 Until the
Effective Date the Seller shall have the right to  procure that the Group
Companies assign to him the claims  (Forderungen) listed in SCHEDULE
6.2.2.   6.2.3 The Seller shall use its reasonable best efforts (nach
Kraeften  bemuhen) to obtain all Third Party approvals, consents and 
authorisations which are necessary for the continuation by any of  the Group
Companies, without breach or default as a result of  this Agreement, of all
contracts containing a change of control  clause.   6.2.4 Seller shall
procure that the profit and loss pooling agreement 
(Ergebnisabfuehrungsvertrag) between Seller and BIG shall be  terminated as
of Effective Date.   6.2.5 Seller shall inform the German Purchaser
immediately after  having become aware of any breach of Seller\'s Guarantees
between  the Signing Date and the Closing Date and start the remediation  of
such breach irrespective of Purchasers\' rights pursuant to  Clause
7.2.4.    24  7 CLOSING; CLOSING CONDITIONS   7.1 Closing; Closing
Date   Unless the Parties agree otherwise, the consummation of the 
transaction contemplated in this Agreement ("CLOSING") shall take  place at
2.00 pm (CET) at the offices of Linklaters Oppenhoff and  Raedler,
Prinzregentenplatz 10, 81675 Munich and when the Closing  Conditions set
forth in Clause 7.2 are satisfied (or are duly waived  by mutual agreement of
the Parties) on the last Business Day of the  respective calendar month,
provided that, in the event the amendments  of the respective business year
(Geschaeftsjahr) of the Group  Companies listed in SCHEDULE 7.1 to commence
on the Effective Date  have not been approved by or registered with effect
with the competent  authorities (in particular the Tax Authorities and the
Commercial  Register), the Seller may postpone the Closing by providing the 
Purchasers with at least 2 (in words: two) Business Days written  notice
prior to the otherwise scheduled Closing of such non-approval  or non-
registration. In such case, Closing shall occur on the last  Business Day of
the calendar month in which the Seller provides the  Purchasers with at least
2 (in words: two) Business Days written  notice prior to this last Business
Day that the change of the business  year has been registered or will be
registered prior to Closing.   The date on which the Closing shall occur in
accordance with this  Clause 7.1 shall herein be referred to as the "CLOSING
DATE".   7.2 Closing Conditions   The consummation of the transaction
contemplated in this Agreement  shall be subject to the satisfaction of the
following conditions to  Closing ("CLOSING CONDITIONS", each a "CLOSING
CONDITION"):   7.2.1 Dresdner Bank AG and Sparkasse Leverkusen have
confirmed in  writing that the pledge of the shares in illbruck Holdings
Ltd.  has been terminated and that they no longer have any rights in  the
shares in illbuck Holdings Ltd and the Dresdner Bank AG has  further released
BIG and illbruck Bau-Technik GmbH from the  contingencies listed under No. 7
and 8 in Schedule 8.1.10.(i).   7.2.2 Merger control clearance by the
Competent Authorities has been  obtained or is deemed to have been obtained
pursuant to  applicable statutory law.   7.2.3 The consultation/information
of the French works Council has  taken place.   7.2.4 If a Material Adverse
Change shall have occurred, the Seller  shall have accepted the Purchaser\'s
Modification Proposal.   (i) "MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE" shall mean the
occurrence of any  one or more of the following after the Signing Date and 
prior to the Closing Date:   (a) any damage to or destruction of assets of
any of the  Group Companies, irrespective of cause, which assets  have a
value of EURO 5 million (in words: Euro five  million) or more;   (b)
except for tax audits (Betriebspruefungen) the  commencement of any
governmental investigation into the  business of any    25   one or more
of the Group Companies which, if adversely  determined, can reasonably be
expected to result in a  financial cost or other adverse financial impact to
the  Group Companies of EUR 5 million (in words: Euro five  million) or
more;   (c) the occurrence of any event which if adversely  determined can
reasonably be expected to expose one or  more of the Group Companies to an
Environmental Claim  of EUR 5 million (in words: Euro five million) or
more;  or   (d) if, at the Closing Date, any four or more of the 
following six Key Employees are no longer employed by  the Group Companies
for any reason: Reiner Eisenhut,  Walter Geyer, Dr. Juergen Hess, Klaus
Dieter  Hillringhaus, Fred van Gasteren and Matthias Wagner.   (ii) Upon
the occurrence of Material Adverse Change, the  Purchasers shall be
obligated, at their election, to: (A)  consummate the transaction
contemplated herein on the terms  set forth in this Agreement or (B) propose
to the Seller  reasonable adjustments to the terms of this Agreement, 
including adjustments to the Purchase Price, generally  designed in so far as
is practicable, to put the Purchasers  in the position they would have been
in had the Material  Adverse Change not occurred (a "MODIFICATION PROPOSAL").
If  the Seller shall not have accepted the Purchaser\'s  Modification
Proposal within 10 days of the date thereof,  the Purchasers may terminate
this Agreement without any  liability to the Seller whatsoever.   7.3
Obligations with Respect to the Closing Conditions   The Parties undertake
to use their best efforts and to cause the  Closing Conditions to be
satisfied as soon as possible. With regard to  the merger control clearance,
the obligations of the Seller and the  Purchasers are more specifically set
out in Clause 6.1 above. The  Parties shall inform each other in writing
within a period of 2 (in  words: two) Business Days of the fact that a
Closing Condition has  been satisfied, by which act the due fulfilment of
this Closing  Condition shall be deemed to have been satisfied.   7.4
Actions on Closing   7.4.1 On Closing, the Seller shall deliver or make
available to the  Purchasers evidence that the person(s) acting in the name
and on  behalf of the Seller is/are authorised to execute this Agreement.  
7.4.2 On Closing, each Purchaser shall deliver or make available to  the
Seller evidence that the person(s) acting in the name and on  behalf of the
respective Purchaser is/are authorised to execute  this Agreement.   7.4.3
On Closing, after the performance of the Seller\'s obligations  set forth in
Clause 7.4.1 the Purchasers shall pay the  Preliminary Purchase Price to the
Seller in the way specified in  the last sentence of Clause 3.3.1.   
26   7.4.4 On Closing, the Seller shall deliver to the Purchasers a 
statement substantially in the form set out in SCHEDULE 7.4.4,  stating that
all agreements, etc. (except for Seller\'s Loans) to  be terminated pursuant
to Clause 5 have been terminated.   7.4.5 On Closing, simultaneously (Zug um
Zug) with the payment of the  Preliminary Purchase Price the Seller shall
transfer the  UK-Shares to the UK Purchaser by way of a separate stock
transfer  deed as set out in Clause 2.6 and, further, the IP-Agreement as 
described in greater detail in Clause 13.4 shall enter into  force.   7.4.6
On Closing, the Seller and the Purchasers shall sign a  cross-receipt,
substantially in the form as set forth in SCHEDULE  7.4.6, evidencing (I) the
fulfilment of the Closing Conditions  set forth in Clause 7.1, and (II) the
receipt by the Seller of  the Preliminary Purchase Price.   7.4.7 Once the
cross-receipt has been signed pursuant to Clause 7.4.6,  the agreement in the
form set forth in SCHEDULE 7.4.7 (the  "LEVERKUSEN LEASE AGREEMENT") shall
enter into force.   7.5 Consequences of Non-Compliance/Failure of
Closing   7.5.1 Rights in the Case of Non-Compliance   If the Seller or
the Purchasers fail to comply with any  obligation set forth in this Clause
7, the Purchasers, in the  case of non-compliance by the Seller, or the
Seller, in the case  of non-compliance by any of the Purchasers, shall be
entitled (in  addition to and without prejudice to all other rights or
remedies  available, including the right to claim damages) by written 
notice to either the Seller or the Purchasers as the case may be:   (i) to
fix a new date for Closing (not being more than 30 (in  words: thirty)
Business Days after the initial Closing Date)  in which case the provisions
of this Clause 7, in particular  Clause 7.5.1(ii), shall apply to Closing as
so deferred but  provided such deferral may only occur once; or   (ii) to
terminate (zuruecktreten) this Agreement without  liability on its part.
After a termination in accordance  with this Clause 7.5.1, this Agreement
shall cease to have  force and effect and shall not create any binding
obligation  between the Contractual Parties except that Clauses 12, 15  and
16 shall remain in force and effect.   7.5.2 Right in the Case of Failure of
Closing   If the Closing has not occurred within a period of 5 (in words: 
five) months commencing with the Signing Date, either Party may  terminate
(zuruecktreten) this Agreement. Any termination under  this Clause 7.5.2
shall be valid only if the recipient Party has  received such written notice
of termination prior to the date on  which the relevant Closing Condition has
been satisfied or  waived. The last sentence of Clause 7.5.1(ii) shall apply
mutatis  mutandis.  8 SELLER\'S GUARANTEES; SELLER\'S BEST KNOWLEDGE   
27   The Seller hereby guarantees to the Purchasers by way of an
independent  promise of guarantee pursuant to Section 311 para. 1 BGB
(selbstaendiges  Garantieversprechen im Sinne des Section 311 Abs. 1 BGB)
within the scope  and subject to the requirements and limitations provided in
Clause 9 hereof  or otherwise in this Agreement that the statements set forth
in Clause 8.1  are complete and correct as of the Signing Date and on the
Closing Date  (collectively: "SELLER\'S GUARANTEES"). The Seller\'s
Guarantees are not  granted, and shall not be qualified and construed as,
quality guarantees in  relation to the object of the purchase (Garantien fuer
die Beschaffenheit  der Sache) within the meaning of Sections 443, 444 2nd
alternative BGB,  respectively, that Section 444 2nd alternative BGB shall
not and does not  apply to the Seller\'s Guarantees.   8.1 Seller\'s
Guarantees   8.1.1 Corporate Issues and Authority of the Seller   (i) The
statements in Clause 1 hereof regarding the Group  Companies are complete and
correct. The Group Companies have  been duly established and validly exist
under the laws of  their respective jurisdiction.   (ii) The Group Shares
have been validly issued, are fully paid  in, either in cash or in kind, have
not been repaid and are  free from any in rem encumbrances (dingliche
Rechte), they  are not subject to additional unilateral calls for capital 
by the issuer (Nachschusspflichten) and there are no  pre-emptive rights,
options or other direct or indirect  rights of Third Parties to acquire any
of the Group Shares,  in each case except under statutory law or under the 
articles of association of the respective Group Company or  except listed in
SCHEDULE 8.1.1(II); the pledge of shares  listed under no. 1 in SCHEDULE
8.1.1(II) shall be terminated  prior to the Closing Date.   (iii) No
insolvency proceedings concerning any of the Group  Companies have been
applied for or been opened and, to the  Seller\'s Best Knowledge, no
circumstances exist which would  require an application for any insolvency
proceedings.   (iv) The Seller is entitled to freely dispose of the Shares 
without such a disposal infringing any rights of a Third  Party. The only
Third Party consents required for the  Signing and consummation of this
Agreement are set forth in  Clause 7.2.   (v) The execution and performance
by the Seller of this  Agreement and the consummation of the transaction 
contemplated hereby are within the powers of the Seller and  have been duly
authorized by all necessary company action on  part of the Seller.   (vi)
The execution and performance by the Seller of this  Agreement and the
consummation of the transaction  contemplated herein do not violate the
Articles of  Association of the Seller or any applicable law, regulation, 
judgment or injunction binding on the Seller, and there is  no action,
lawsuit, investigation or proceeding pending  (rechtshaengig) against, or, to
the Seller\'s Best Knowledge,  threatened in writing against, the Seller
before any court,  arbitration    28   panel or governmental authority
which challenges or seeks to  prevent the transaction contemplated
herein.   8.1.2 Tax Filing and Payment; Financial Statements   (i) The
Companies have duly and timely made all Tax filings due,  and have paid all
Taxes due and payable.   (ii) The Seller has delivered to the Purchaser the
unaudited  consolidated balance sheets, income statements, and cash  flow
statements of the Group Companies at December 31, 2004  and May 31, 2005 (the
"Financial Statements"). The Financial  Statements have been prepared from
the books and records of  the Group Companies and present a true and fair
view of the  financial position of the Business, and the results of 
operations and cash flows of the Business at the respective  dates and for
the respective periods then ended in  accordance with German GAAP,
consistently applied.   (iii) All shares held by BIG in Group Companies
having the legal  form of a corporation, except for the shares in Illbruck 
BauTechnik GmbH, acquired by BIG in course of the conversion  of Illbruck Bau
Technik GmbH and Co. KG into the legal form of  a GmbH, as of the Effective
Date are not subject to capital  gains taxation pursuant to Section 8b
paragraph 4 of the  German Corporation Income Tax Act 
(Koerperschaftsteuergesetz).   (iv) As at the Effective Date, BIG is
entitled to a Corporation  Income Tax Refund Potential
(Koerperschaftsteuerguthaben)  within the meaning of Section 37 of the
Corporation Income  Tax Act (Koerperschaftsteuergesetz) equal to or higher
than  3/7 (in words: three sevenths) of the positive portion of  the
retained earnings within the meaning of Section 30  paragraph 2 no. 2 of the
Corporation Income Tax Act in the  version of Article 4 of the Act dated 14
July 2000 (herein  referred to as EK02).   8.1.3 Real Property   (i)
SCHEDULE 8.1.3(I)-1 contains a list of real property owned  by the Group
Companies and rights equivalent to real  property (grundstuecksgleiche
Rechte), including, but not  limited to, hereditary building rights ("OWNED
REAL  PROPERTY"). SCHEDULE 8.1.3(I)-2 contains a set of copies of  recent
excerpts of the land registers (Grundbuecher) and  similar registers for all
Owned Real Property, evidencing  all land charges (Grundpfandrechte) or other
encumbrances  (beschraenkte dingliche Rechte) which require registration  in
such register (each an "ENCUMBRANCE"). To the Seller\'s  Best Knowledge,
there are no applications for registration  pending, nor are there any Third
Party rights which are not  registered but which ought to be registered.
There are no  pre-emptive rights, options or other direct or indirect 
rights of Third Parties to acquire any of the Owned Real  Property, whether
in whole or in part, however, in each case  except under statutory law   
29   or except listed in SCHEDULE 8.1.3(I)-1 or shown in SCHEDULE 
8.1.3(I)-2.   (ii) SCHEDULE 8.1.3(II) contains a complete and correct list
of  real property leased or rented by the Group Companies, in  each case
indicating (1) whether as lessee or as lessor, (2)  the respective lessee\'s
lease payment obligations under the  lease agreements, (3) the duration of
each lease, (4) the  notice periods, and (5) whether or not a renewal option
(if  any) needs to be exercised prior to 31 December 2005 in  order to
extend the lease (the "LEASED REAL PROPERTY",  together with the Owned Real
Property the "REAL PROPERTY").  Each lease listed in SCHEDULE 8.1.3(II) is
valid and binding  and in full force and effect and no party thereto is in 
default therewith.   (iii) All of the buildings, structures, other
improvements and  fixtures of the Real Property conform in all material 
respects to applicable health, fire, safety, zoning and  building laws and
ordinances and administrative regulations,  provided, however, that any non-
compliance shall be regarded  irrelevant for the purpose of this Clause
8.1.3(iii) unless  such non-compliance has detrimental financial effects on
the  respective Group Company exceeding EUR 10,000 (in words:  Euro ten
thousand) in the individual case of non-compliance  or, in the case of a
series of non-compliances arising from  substantially identical facts or
circumstances, exceeding  EUR 100,000 (in words: Euro one hundred thousand)
in the  aggregate.   (iv) All of the buildings, structures, other
improvements and  fixtures of the Owned Real Property are in good working 
condition and repair, normal wear and tear excepted, except  as provided for
in SCHEDULE 8.1.3(IV).   (v) No subsidies have been received with regard to
the Owned  Real Property since its acquisition by any of the Group 
Companies, and the Owned Real Property is not subject to  monument
protection. To the Seller\'s Best Knowledge this  applies mutatis mutandis to
the Leased Real Property.   (vi) There are no unfulfilled requirements of
supply companies  (electricity, gas, water and waste water or the disposal
of  rubbish) addressed in writing or unfulfilled requirements of  a public-
law nature imposed by the competent authorities in  writing regarding the
present condition of the Owned Real  Property and, to the Seller\'s Best
Knowledge, regarding the  present condition of the Leased Real Property.  
(vii) All development measures under the pertinent construction  codes, the
building planning and permit ordinances and  similar laws of the respective
countries  (Erschliessungsmassnahmen) with regard to the Owned Real 
Property have been fully paid for.    30   (viii) Each Real Property can
be accessed by vehicles typically  used for the Business at least to the same
extent this was  possible during the last 12 (in words: twelve) months
prior  to the Signing Date; to the Seller\'s Best Knowledge there  are no
indications that this will change after the Signing  Date.   8.1.4 Material
Assets, Information Technology, Material Contracts   (i) Each of the Group
Companies owns, or holds lawful possession  of, all material assets which are
necessary to carry on the  Business in substantially the same manner as it
has been  carried on in the 12 (in words: twelve) months prior to the 
Signing Date ("MATERIAL ASSETS"). Except as set forth in  Schedule 8.1.4 (i),
all Material Assets are in working  condition, in a good state of
preservation corresponding to  normal use, have been properly maintained and
- insofar as  is applicable - the necessary construction engineering and 
safety inspections have always been carried out with regard  thereto.  
(ii) Each of the Group Companies is in lawful possession of or  has a valid
usage licence for, or has acquired lawful  ownership of all IT necessary to
carry on the Business in  substantially the same manner in which it was
carried on in  the 12 (in words: twelve) months prior to the Signing
Date.   (iii) The contracts listed in SCHEDULE 8.1.4(III) constitute all 
Material Contracts. Each of the Material Contracts is valid  and binding and
in full force and effect and no party  thereto is in default therewith.  
(iv) The inventory specified in accordance with Section 266 B.I.  HGB of the
Group Companies which will be shown in the  Consolidated Effective Date
Account ("INVENTORY") will have  been acquired in the ordinary course of
business. The  Inventory is usable and saleable in the ordinary course of 
business.   8.1.5 Intellectual Property Rights   (i) The patents, design
patents, trademarks, trade names,  utility models, copy rights, internet
domain names,  unpatented inventions, recipes and respective applications 
which are listed in SCHEDULE 8.1.5(I), together with  formulae, processes,
designs and know-how used by the Group  Companies in the last 36 (in words:
thirty-six) months prior  to the Signing Date, constitute the intellectual
property  rights of the Business ("INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS"). The 
Intellectual Property Rights are lawfully owned or have been  applied for by
the Group Companies or will be transferred  lawfully as of the Closing Date
to the German Purchaser.  There are no licence agreements with Third Parties
for the  licensing of any of the Intellectual Property Rights.   (ii)
Except as set out in SCHEDULE 8.1.5(II)-(1), the  Intellectual Property
Rights are not subject to any pending  (rechtshaengig) proceedings for
opposition, cancellation,  revocation or rectification which may    31  
negatively affect the operation of the Business taken as a  whole and, to the
Seller\'s Best Knowledge, no such  proceedings are threatened in writing. To
the Seller\'s Best  Knowledge, the Intellectual Property Rights are neither 
being materially infringed by Third Parties nor do they  materially infringe
intellectual property rights of Third  Parties, except for the Intellectual
Property Rights listed  in SCHEDULE 8.1.5(II)-(2) in relation to which
conflicts may  arise.   (iii) Except for employee inventions, none of the
past or present  employees, officers or directors of any of the Group 
Companies has any rights in any of the Intellectual Property  Rights, nor has
any person made in writing any claim to any  of the Intellectual Property
Rights.   (iv) SCHEDULE 8.1.5(IV) contains a complete list of all 
intellectual property rights licensed by one or more of the  Group Companies
from Third Parties ("LICENSED INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY RIGHTS"), stating (1)
the parties to such licence  agreement, (2) its commencement date and (3) its
expiry  date. Each of the licence agreements listed in SCHEDULE  8.1.5(IV)
is valid and binding and in full force and effect  and no party thereto is in
default therewith.   (v) Together with the Licensed Intellectual Property
Rights, the  Intellectual Property Rights comprise all intellectual 
property used, held or necessary to operate the Business as  it is currently
conducted and was conducted in the last 12  (in words: twelve) months prior
to the Signing Date.   8.1.6 Employment   (i) There are no collective
bargaining agreements  (Tarifvertraege) by which any of the Group Companies
is  bound.   (ii) SCHEDULE 8.1.6(II) contains the following information
with  regard to the Relevant Employees:   - surname,   - first name,  
- date of joining,   - working full-time or part-time,   - forecast annual
salary 2005 (without commission) based  on the salary in the first 5 months
of 2005,   - bonus, commission sums received 2004,   - bonus, commission
entitlements 2005,   - travel costs flat-rate monthly,   -
disabled/maternity leave,   - pre-retirement part-time work
(Altersteilzeit),   - member of Works Council,   - company car,   -
notice period,   - pension entitlement;   (iii) There are no other labour
disputes pending (rechtshaengig)  except as set forth in SCHEDULE
8.1.6(III).    32   (iv) There are no other pension plans except as set
forth in  SCHEDULE 8.1.6(II).   (v) The Group Companies have claimed the
rights in all notified  employee inventions within the time limits provided
for by  law. All payments due under the respective employee  invention laws
for used inventions have been made.   (vi) None of the Group Companies
maintains a share option scheme  whereby an employee of any of the Group
Companies is  entitled to acquire shares in any of the Group Companies,  nor
has any current or former employee of any of the Group  Companies acquired
any not yet fully satisfied claim under  such a share option scheme.  
(vii) Except set forth otherwise in SCHEDULE 8.1.6(VII), no  current Key
Employee of any of the Group Companies has  notified the Seller or the
respective Group Company (being  the employer) in writing of his or her
intention to  terminate his/her employment relationship, and the Seller  has
no reason to believe that any Key Employee wishes to  terminate his/her
employment relationship prematurely. For  the purposes of Clauses 8.1.6(vii)
and 8.1.6(viii), "KEY  EMPLOYEE" shall mean any person listed in SCHEDULE 
8.1.6(VII).   (viii) None of the Key Employees has been promised by any of
the  Group Companies a stay bonus or a transaction bonus.   (ix) All
employees transferred from the Seller to any of the  Group Companies in the
last 6 (in words: six) months prior  to the Closing Date were working in the
last 12 (in words:  twelve) months prior to being transferred predominantly
for  the Business.   (x) The Dutch Companies do not have an agreement or
other  arrangement with any trade union or other body representing  its
employees or any of them and the Dutch Companies do not  have any dispute
with any such body, and no such dispute is  anticipated.   (xi) The Dutch
Companies are not involved in any industrial or  trade disputes
(betriebsverfassungsrechtliche  Streitigkeiten) or any dispute or negotiation
regarding a  claim of material importance with any trade union or 
association or trade unions or organisations or body of  employees, and no
such dispute is anticipated.   8.1.7 Insurance   The Group Companies
maintain liability (Haftplichtversicherung),  product liability
(Produkthaftpflichtversicherung), casualty  (Unfallversicherung), property
loss (Sachversicherung) and  insurance cover against other material risks
upon the Business.  With respect to the Group Companies and the operation of
the  Business, in the 2 (in words: two) years prior to the Signing  Date,
the Group Companies have not been refused any insurance nor  has their
coverage been limited by any insurance company to which  they have applied
for insurance or with which they have carried  insurance. All insurance
premiums due and payable have been paid  (other than retroactive or
retrospective premium adjustments  which are not yet, but    33   which
may be, required to be paid with respect to any period  ending prior to the
Closing Date), and, as of the Signing Date,  no notice of cancellation or
termination has been received with  respect to any such policy which was not
replaced on  substantially similar terms prior to the date of such 
cancellation. For a period of 2 years after the Closing Date the  Seller
shall maintain its DandO; insurance coverage in the same form  as before the
Closing Date.   8.1.8 Litigation, Product Claims, Compliance with Laws  
(i) Except as disclosed in SCHEDULE 8.1.8(I), there is no  written and
reasonably detailed statement of claim  (Anspruchsschreiben), action, suit,
proceedings or  investigation (limited, in the case of investigations, to 
investigations by or before any government department,  commission, board,
bureau, agency or instrumentality  -domestic or foreign), other than product
claims, which are  subject solely to Clause 8.1.8(ii) below, pending 
(rechtshaengig) or, to the Seller\'s Best Knowledge,  threatened in writing
against any Group Company involving  any matter of more than EUR 100,000 (in
words: Euro one  hundred thousand) individually, not including, however, 
collection matters in the ordinary course of business.   (ii) Except as
disclosed in SCHEDULE 8.1.8(II), in the three-year  period prior to the
Closing Date, none of the Group  Companies has received in connection with
any product  manufactured, sold or distributed by any of them in writing  
(a) any claim of personal injury or death; or   (b) any claim of property
damage, any claim for punitive or  exemplary damages, any claim for
contribution or  indemnification or any claim for injunctive relief, in 
each case with an amount in dispute exceeding EUR  100,000 (in words: Euro
one hundred thousand).   other than claims which were resolved at the
business level  through credit or replacement of goods or allowance 
therefor.   (iii) Each of the Group Companies is in compliance with all 
applicable statutes, laws, ordinances, rules, orders and  regulations of any
governmental entity of any jurisdiction  in which such Group Company operates
(including  Environmental Laws) provided, however, that any  non-compliance
shall be regarded irrelevant for the purpose  of this Clause 8.1.8(iii)
unless such non-compliance has  detrimental financial effects on the
respective Group  Company exceeding EUR 10,000 (in words: Euro ten
thousand)  in the individual case of non-compliance or, in the case of  a
series of non-compliances arising from substantially  identical facts or
circumstances, exceeding EUR 100,000 (in  words: Euro one hundred thousand)
in the aggregate.    34   8.1.9 Public Law Permits, Environmental;
Subsidies   (i) The Group Companies possess all material public-law
permits,  concessions and licences necessary to conduct its current 
operations taken as a whole (including material permits,  concessions and
licences necessary under any Environmental  Laws) ("PUBLIC LAW PERMITS"). To
the Seller\'s Best Knowledge  no circumstances exist which could justify a
revocation of  such Public Law Permits, and all material conditions in 
connection with such Public Law Permits are being complied  with.   None of
the Public Laws Permits or any of the conditions of  any of the Public Laws
Permits are personal or dependent on  any companies other than the Group
Companies.   (ii) Except as set forth in SCHEDULE 8.1.9(II),   (a) none of
the Group Companies is subject to pending or,  to the Seller\'s Best
Knowledge, threatened (in writing)  administrative (behoerdliche Verfahren)
or court  proceedings (Gerichtsverfahren) on the grounds of  violating
Public-law Permits or Environmental Laws,  including, without limitation,
disposal and/or storage  of industrial effluent, sewage (Abwasser) and
other  waste;   (b) no Environmental Claims are pending (rechtshaengig)
or,  to the Seller\'s Best Knowledge, threatened (in writing)  with regard
to the Business.   (iii) The products, particularly the raw materials, used
by the  Group Companies in the production process are lawfully  permitted to
be used in such a production process under the  applicable Environmental
Laws.   (iv) None of the Group Companies has received any subsidies which 
may be reclaimed by the granting authorities.   8.1.10 Contingent
Obligations; Corporate Liability Arising From  Restructuring   (i) The
Group Companies do not have any contingent obligation  (such as - without
limitation thereto - Buergschaften,  gesamtschuldnerische Haftung, etc.) for
the Seller\'s Side,  except those set forth in SCHEDULE 8.1.10(I).   (ii)
The Group Companies will not be held liable for (1) any  liability not
related to the Business of any liquidated  company in which they held a share
or interest, or (2)  unassumed liabilities of companies whose assets were
taken  over by any Group Company, or (3) any liability related to a 
business other than the Business, formerly operated by any  of the Group
Companies or any of their subsidiaries at that  time spun off or otherwise
transferred prior to Closing from  any of the Group Companies, in each case
provided that such  liability is neither reflected in the respective Group 
Company\'s annual accounts nor partially or in whole  compensated   
35   by a benefit any of the Group Companies avails of due to 
circumstances covered by this Clause 8.1.10(ii). This Clause  8.1.10(ii)
shall include the following companies:   - illbruck Sanitaer-Technik
GmbH   - illbruck Akustiksysteme GmbH   - illbruck Sealant Systems Inc.,
USA   - Asbiton AG, Switzerland   - illbruck Bau AG, Switzerland   -
Sealstrip Holdings Ltd., England   - Sealstrip Ltd., England   - Sealants
Express Ltd., England   - Revac S.A., France   - Cocon Polska Sp. z.o.o.,
Poland   - Colymit Contractors N.V., Belgium   - illbruck s.r.l.,
Italy   - illbruck S.a.r.l., France.   (iii) The Group Companies will not
be held liable by Third  Parties for any debt of legal entities which were
merged  with any of the Group Companies prior to Closing, insofar as  such
debt is not related to the Business as conducted by the  Group Companies as
of the Closing Date or in the last 12 (in  words: twelve) months prior to the
Closing Date.   (iv) The Group Companies will not be held liable for any 
asbestos-related claims arising from the operation or  occupancy of the
Coalville real estate or production and  sale of products from that site.  
8.1.11 Ordinary Course of Operation Since the Accounts Date   Since 1
January 2005 the Business has been carried on in the  ordinary course
substantially in the same manner as before.   8.2 No other Seller\'s
Guarantees   The Purchasers explicitly acknowledge to purchase and acquire
the  Shares and the Business in the condition they are in on the Closing 
Date based upon the inspection, examination and determination with  respect
thereto performed in their interest, and to undertake the  acquisition based
upon the inspection, examination and determination  performed in their
interest without reliance upon any express or  implied representations,
warranties or guarantees of any nature made  by the Seller except for the
Seller\'s Guarantees as well as  indemnities and covenants explicitly given
by the Seller under this  Agreement.   8.3 Seller\'s Best Knowledge   
36   For the purpose of this Agreement, "SELLER\'S BEST KNOWLEDGE" shall 
mean that the persons listed in SCHEDULE 8.3-(1) neither have actual 
knowledge (positive Kenntnis) nor are they deemed to have knowledge  after
having exercised reasonable care, and, after due inquiry of the  persons
listed in SCHEDULE 8.3-(2) as can be reasonably expected of a  seller, acting
prudently according to orderly business practice, that  the relevant
statement in the Seller\'s Guarantees contained in this  Clause 8 is
incorrect.  9 REMEDIES FOR BREACH OF SELLER\'S GUARANTEES   9.1 Types of
Remedies and Recoverable Damages   In the event of any breach or non-
fulfilment by the Seller of any  Seller\'s Guarantee the Seller shall at its
sole discretion either (I)  put the respective Purchaser into the position
this Purchaser would  have been in had the Seller\'s Guarantee not been
breached (restitution  in kind; Naturalrestitution), or (II) pay to the
respective Purchaser  monetary damages (Schadenersatz in Geld).   9.2
Provision for Damage and Loss   The Seller shall not be liable for, and the
Purchasers shall not be  entitled to claim for, any damage or losses of the
Purchasers for a  breach of a Seller\'s Guarantee if and to the extent
that   9.2.1 the matter to which the claim relates is provided for in the 
Consolidated Effective Date Accounts; or   9.2.2 a valid and enforceable
claim for repayment or indemnification  against a Third Party exists,
including, but not limited to,  claims under existing insurance policies.  
9.3 De Minimis Amount, Threshold Amount and Aggregate Liability   9.3.1 De
Minimis Amount   The Purchasers shall only be entitled to any claims for
breach of  any Seller\'s Guarantee to the extent each individual claim (or
a  series of claims arising from substantially identical facts or 
circumstances) exceeds an amount of EUR 50,000 (in words: Euro  fifty
thousand) ("DE MINIMIS AMOUNT"). Where the liability agreed  or determined in
respect of any such claim or series of claims  exceeds the De Minimis Amount,
the liability of the Seller shall  be limited to the amount of the
excess.   9.3.2 Threshold Amount   The Seller shall not be liable for
breach of any Seller\'s  Guarantee in respect of any claim unless the
aggregate amount of  all claims for which the Seller would otherwise be
liable for  breach of any Seller\'s Guarantee exceeds EUR 500,000 (in
words:  Euro five hundred thousand) ("THRESHOLD AMOUNT"). Where the  amount
agreed or determined in respect of all claims referred to  in this Clause
9.3.2 exceeds the Threshold Amount the liability  of the Seller shall be for
the entire amount and not only for the  excess.   9.3.3 Aggregate
Liability    37   The aggregate liability of the Seller under this
Agreement  including, but not limited to, any and all claims for breach of 
any of the Seller\'s Guarantees other than the Seller\'s Guarantees  given in
Clauses 8.1.1(i), 8.1.1(ii), 8.1.1(iv), 8.1.10 and 10  shall not exceed the
Escrow Amount. The aggregate liability of  the Seller for breach of the
Seller\'s Guarantees given in Clauses  8.1.1(i), 8.1.1(ii), 8.1.1(iv), 8.1.10
and Clause 10 shall be  limited to the Purchase Price.   9.4 Contingent
Liabilities and Minority Shareholdings   9.4.1 The Seller shall also be
liable for breach of any Seller\'s  Guarantee in respect of any liability
which is contingent, but  the payment obligation shall only arise when the
contingent  liability becomes an actual liability due and payable.   9.4.2
In relation to PDR Recycling GmbH + Co KG and PDR GmbH Clause 8  shall not
apply except for Clauses 8.1.1(i) and 8.1.1(iv).   9.5 Notification of
Seller; Procedure in the Case of Third Party Claims   9.5.1 In the event
that in connection with a breach of a Seller\'s  Guarantee any claim or
demand of a Third Party is asserted  against either Purchaser or any of the
Group Companies (for the  purposes of this Clause 9.5: the "RELEVANT
COMPANY"), the  respective Purchaser shall (I) make available to the Seller
a  copy of the Third Party claim or demand, and a copy of all  documents
necessary to defend the Relevant Company against such  claim and (II) inform
the Seller whether the Relevant Company  intends to defend against the Third
Party claim.   (i) If the Relevant Company defends against the Third Party 
claim, the Seller shall throughout the whole proceedings be  entitled to all
information related to the Third Party claim  and to be represented by its
own counsel in the respective  proceedings. Prior to their filing with the
respective court  or arbitration panel the Seller shall be provided with
any  written submission. The Seller may require that the claim be  litigated
in accordance with its instructions.   (ii) If the Relevant Company decides
not to defend, the Seller  shall have the right to defend the Relevant
Company against  the Third Party claim by all appropriate proceedings and 
shall have the power to direct such defence. In particular,  the Seller may
(I) participate in and direct all  negotiations and correspondence with the
Third Party  relating to the Third Party claim, (II) appoint and instruct 
counsel acting, if necessary, in the name of the Relevant  Company, and (III)
require that the claim be litigated in  accordance with the Seller\'s
instructions. The Seller shall  conduct such proceedings in good faith with
due regard to  the concerns of the respective Purchaser and the Relevant 
Company.   (iii) In no event shall the Relevant Company be entitled to 
acknowledge or settle a claim or permit any such  acknowledgement or
settlement without the Seller\'s prior  written consent to the extent that
such    38   claims may result in a liability of the Seller under
Clauses  8 through 10.   (iv) The respective Purchaser and the Relevant
Company shall, at  their expense, fully cooperate with the Seller in the 
defence of any Third Party claim, provide the Seller and its  respective
representatives (including, for the avoidance of  doubt, its advisors)
reasonable access during normal  business hours to all relevant business
records and  documents and permit the Seller and its respective 
representatives to consult with the directors, employees and  representatives
of the Relevant Company.   9.5.2 To the extent that the Seller is in breach
of a Seller\'s  Guarantee, all costs and expenses reasonably incurred by
the  Seller and the Relevant Company (including advisors\' fees) in 
defending a Third Party claim shall be borne by the Seller. If it  turns out
that the Seller was not in breach, any costs and  expenses reasonably
incurred by the Seller and the Relevant  Company in connection with the
defence (including advisors\' fees)  shall be borne by the Purchasers.  
9.5.3 The failure of the Purchasers to comply with their obligations  under
this Clause 9.5 shall release the Seller from its  respective obligation(s)
under Clauses 8 and 9 unless the  non-compliance of the Purchasers with their
obligations under  this Clause 9.5 has not caused a loss to the Seller.  
9.6 Maturity of Claims depending on further Precondition; Expert\'s 
Decision   9.6.1 Precondition to Maturity (Faelligkeitsvoraussetzung)  
The Seller\'s Guarantees contained in Clauses 8.1.3(iii) and  8.1.8(iii)
shall only become due if one of the following events  occurs:   (i) a final
(bestandskraeftig) and enforceable (vollziehbar) or  immediately enforceable
(sofort vollziehbar) order, decree  or demand is issued by any governmental
authority  (Behoerde), or   (ii) a court judgment or an amicable settlement
(in court or  outside court, gerichtlicher oder aussergerichtlicher 
Vergleich) is rendered in connection with a private party  claim provided
that such settlement is binding upon the  Seller due to its consent; or  
(iii) the Expert\'s decision has become final and binding on the  Parties
pursuant to Clause 9.6.2.   In the case of Clauses 9.6.2(i) and 9.6.2(ii),
Clause 10.2 shall  apply mutatis mutandis.   9.6.2 Expert\'s Decision  
(i) If in the Purchasers\' assessment a Seller\'s Guarantee  contained in
Clauses 8.1.3(iii) or 8.1.8(iii) is breached  and within a period of 4 (in
words: four) weeks commencing  with the delivery of a respective notice to
the Seller the  Parties cannot agree upon how to resolve the matter in 
dispute, an expert ("EXPERT") may be appointed by (A) the  Parties, or (B),
if the Parties fail to agree on a person  within the    39   mentioned
four-weeks-period, upon request of either Party by  the President of
Gesamtverband der Kunsstoffverarbeitenden  Industrie e.V., Frankfurt am Main
("GKV").   (ii) The Expert shall be a person who, considering his/her 
education and occupational experience, (A) is sufficiently  acquainted with
the industrial standards and the  cost-benefit calculations usually applied
in companies of  similar size and ownership structure to the Group
Companies  and engaged in similar types of business and operations, (B)  has
the expertise to decide on the matter in dispute, and  (C) legally and
economically independent from both the  Seller\'s Side and the Purchasers\'
Side.   (iii) The Expert, acting as third party pursuant to Section 317 
BGB, shall determine, independently and impartially from the  Seller\'s Side
and the Purchasers\' Side, whether and to what  extent the respective
Seller\'s Guarantee is breached and  which actions are to be taken in order
to remedy such breach  when the industrial standards and the cost-benefit 
calculations usually applied in companies of similar size  and ownership
structure to the Group Companies and engaged  in similar types of business
and operations as of the  Closing Date are applied, regardless of whether
such  standards satisfy the applicable laws in every respect. The  Expert
shall deliver its decision to the Parties in writing  and in the English
language. The Expert\'s decision shall be  final and binding on the Parties
once all Parties have  received a copy thereof.   (iv) The Expert shall
give the Parties the opportunity to provide  their illustration and
assessment of the disputed matter in  writing or, in one or several hearings
announced to all  Parties, verbally. Except to the extent the Parties agree 
upon certain facts or conclusions therefrom, the Expert  shall not be bound
by either Party\'s illustration or  assessment.   (v) The Parties shall
closely co-operate with the Expert. In  particular, each Party shall without
undue delay provide the  Expert any information in relation to the matter in
dispute  which he/she in his/her discretion deems necessary for  his/her
decision. The Purchasers shall procure that upon  his/her request the Expert
is given access to the Group  Companies\' premises and business papers, books
and records.   (vi) Clause 9.5.2 shall apply mutatis mutandis.   (vii) The
conducting of an Expert procedure as described in Claim  9.6.2(i) to (iv)
shall not preclude the application of  Clause 9.6.1(i) or of Clause
9.6.1(ii). In the event of  discrepancies in the measures to be taken, the
decisions  pursuant to Clause 9.6.1(i) or 9.6.1(ii)shall prevail.   (viii)
Irrespective of the due date of any of the claims pursuant  to Clause 9.6.1,
the Purchasers shall be free to raise a  declaratory    40   order
(Feststellungsklage) against the Seller in order to  prevent such claims to
become time-barred.   9.7 Mitigation   Section 254 BGB shall remain
unaffected, i.e. the Purchasers are in  particular obliged to prevent the
occurrence of any damage and loss  and to limit the scope of any damage and
loss incurred in accordance  with Section 254 BGB.   9.8 Limitation
Periods   All claims for any breach of a Seller\'s Guarantee pursuant to
Clause  8.1.1(i), 8.1.1(ii) and 8.1.1(iv) shall not become time-barred.
Claims  with respect to Taxation (Clause 8.1.2(iii) and (iv) and Clause 10) 
shall become time-barred in accordance with Clause 10.4. Claims with  respect
to Environmental Matters (Clause 8.1.9) and pursuant to Clause  8.1.10 shall
become time-barred 5 (in words: five) years after the  Closing Date. All
other claims of the Purchasers under this Agreement  shall become time-barred
18 (in words: eighteen) months after the  Closing Date. Section 203 BGB shall
not apply.   9.9 Exclusion of Further Remedies, Effect of Payment   9.9.1
To the extent permitted by law, any further claims and remedies  of the
Purchasers other than explicitly provided for under this  Agreement,
irrespective of which nature, amount or legal basis,  are hereby expressly
waived and excluded, in particular, without  limitation, claims under pre-
contractual fault (Section 311 para.  2 and 3 BGB), breach of contract
(positive Vertragsverletzung)  and/or the right to reduce the Purchase Price
(Minderung) or to  terminate this Agreement (Ruecktritt), and any liability
in tort  (Deliktshaftung); provided, however, that this exclusion shall  not
apply to any claims or remedies of any nature whatsoever  which are caused by
or based upon gross negligence (grobe  Fahrlaessigkeit) or wilful misconduct
(Vorsatz) of the Seller in  the context of this Agreement. Sections 826, 123,
444, 2nd  alternative BGB shall not be affected.   9.9.2 Further to the
statements made in Clause 8, the Parties agree  that the provisions contained
in Clauses 8 and 9 of this  Agreement are no quality guarantees in relation
to the object of  the purchase (Garantien fuer die Beschaffenheit der Sache)
within  the meaning of Sections 443, 444, 2nd alternative BGB. In the  event
that the provisions of Clauses 8 and 9 setting out the  scope and limitations
of the Seller\'s liability are, contrary to  the intention and explicit
understanding of the Parties, regarded  and construed as quality guarantees
in relation to the object of  the purchase, and the limitations of the
Seller\'s liability  contained herein are therefore found wholly or partially
invalid,  the Purchasers hereby waive the right to assert claims going 
beyond the limits of limitations provided for herein. The Seller  accepts
such waivers.   9.10 Escrow, Escrow Agreement   As security for the
fulfilment of the Seller\'s obligations under this  Agreement, the Escrow
Amount shall be paid into the account set up in  mutual agreement by the
Excrow Agents (the "ESCROW ACCOUNT"), free of  any costs and fees. Together
with the Escrow Agents, the Parties have  entered into the Escrow Agreement
attached    41   hereto as SCHEDULE 9.10. The Escrow Amount shall be
released to the  Purchasers/Seller in accordance with the Escrow
Agreement.  10 TAXATION   10.1 Tax Indemnification   10.1.1 The Seller
agrees to indemnify the Purchasers from and against  all Taxes due and
payable by the Group Companies for periods  ending on or before the Effective
Date or which are assessed due  to events or circumstances that have occurred
up to and including  the Effective Date ("RELEVANT ASSESSMENT PERIOD"),
unless, and  except to the extent, that such Tax liabilities   (i) are
shown or provided for in the Consolidated Effective Date  Accounts or the
Accounts 2005 respectively the Revised  Accounts 2005 of the relevant Group
Company, provided,  however, that (A) any Tax Saving related to the
additional  Tax assessed shall be deducted from the amount to be paid by 
the Seller and (B) any liabilities incurred for Taxes in a  BIG-Subsidiary
not - directly or indirectly - 100%-owned  shall be taken into account only
on a pro rata basis in  proportion to the respective shareholding
(durchgerechnete  Beteiligung); or   (ii) are subject of a valid and
enforceable claim for repayment  or indemnification against a Third Party;
or   (iii) are caused by any reorganization initiated or by any other  acts
(including any termination of the profit and loss  transfer agreement between
BIG as organ parent and illbruck  Bau-Technik GmbH as organ company or any
unduly fulfilment  of this profit and loss transfer agreement) committed by
the  Purchasers other than the discontinuation of the business  which has
been acquired by illbruck Bau-Technik GmbH under  the merger with Perennator
GmbH.   10.1.2 In the event of the breach of the Seller\'s Guarantee
contained  in Clause 8.1.2(ii), the Seller shall indemnify the Purchaser 
against 95% (in words: ninety-five percent) of the Taxes  triggered by sale
by BIG of shares in a Group Company in the  legal form of a corporation.  
10.1.3 Indemnification payments due by the Seller under this Clause 10  shall
be made within 30 (in words: thirty) Business Days  following written notice
by the Purchasers, provided that the  payment of such amounts to the Tax
Authority is due and that the  Seller shall not be required to make any
payment earlier than 2  (in words: two) Business Days before such Taxes are
due to the  Tax Authority. In the case of any Tax being contested in 
accordance with Clause 10.2.2, payment of such Tax to the Tax  Authority will
be considered due no earlier than on the date a  final (bestandskraeftig)
determination to such effect is made  provided that tax suspension
(Aussetzung der Vollziehung), is  granted by either the Tax Authority or the
competent court.   10.2 Indemnification Procedures    42   10.2.1
Notification   Following the Closing Date, the Purchasers shall notify the 
Seller without undue delay of any Tax audit or administrative or  judicial
proceeding (including request for furnishing transfer  pricing studies) that
is announced or commenced and that might  constitute a basis for
indemnification by the Seller pursuant to  this Clause 10 ("TAX AUDIT"). Such
notice shall be in writing and  shall contain full factual information
describing the object of  the Tax Audit or the asserted Tax liability in
reasonable detail  and shall include copies of any notice or other document
received  from any Tax Authority in respect of any such Tax Audit or 
asserted Tax liability. The Purchasers shall further procure that  the Group
Companies allow the Seller to fully participate in such  Tax Audit. In
particular, the Seller shall be given the  opportunity to review any reports
or other measures and receive  copies of all relevant orders (Bescheide) of
any Tax Authority as  well as copies of any filings to any Tax Authority.
Unless the  Seller is given notice without undue delay as required before, 
the Seller shall not have any obligation to indemnify the  Purchasers for any
damages arising out of such asserted Tax  liability.   10.2.2 Tax
Contest   The Seller may elect to direct on its own or through counsel of 
its choice and at its expense, any audit, claim for refund and 
administrative or judicial proceeding (including the preparation  and
furnishing of transfer pricing studies) involving any  asserted Tax liability
with respect to which indemnity may be  sought under this Clause 10 (any such
audit, claim for refund or  proceeding relating to an asserted Tax liability
is hereinafter  referred to as a "TAX CONTEST"):   (i) If the Seller elects
to direct a Tax Contest, then the  Seller shall within 30 (in words: thirty)
Business Days of  receipt of the Purchasers\' written notice pursuant to
Clause  10.2.1, but in any case no later than 3 (in words: three)  Business
Days before the expiry of the period for filing for  the respective remedy,
notify the Purchasers of its intent  to do so, and the Purchasers shall
cooperate and cause the  Group Companies or the respective successors to
cooperate,  in each phase of such Tax Contest. In particular, the 
Purchasers shall promptly authorise, and shall cause the  respective Group
Company to authorise, (by power-of-attorney  and such other documentation as
may be necessary and  appropriate) the designated representative of the
Seller to  represent the Purchasers or the respective Group Company or 
their successors in the Tax Contest insofar as the Tax  Contest involves an
asserted Tax liability for which the  Seller would be liable under this
Clause 10. Further, the  Purchasers shall give and shall cause the Group
Companies to  give reasonable information and assistance, including 
reasonable access to premises and personnel and including  the right to
examine and copy or photograph the relevant  documents and records for the
purpose of avoiding,  disputing, denying, defending, resisting, appealing, 
compromising    43   or contesting any tax liability of the Seller for
Taxes for  the Relevant Assessment Period as the Seller or its  professional
advisers may reasonably request.   (ii) If the Seller does not elect to
direct such Tax Contest or  fails to notify the Purchasers of its election as
herein  provided, the Purchasers or the respective Group Company may  pay,
compromise or contest such asserted Tax liability,  provided that neither the
Purchasers nor any of the Group  Companies may settle or compromise any
asserted Tax  liability without prior written consent of the Seller. In  any
event, Seller may participate, at its own expense, in  any Tax Contest. In
such case Clause 10.2.2(i) sentence 3  shall apply mutatis mutandis.   10.3
Tax Refunds, Liquidation and Usage of Tax Provisions   If any Group Company
(i) will receive a Tax refund relating to any  period ending on or before the
Effective Date, to the extent not  reflected in the Consolidated Effective
Date Accounts as an asset,  (ii) will liquidate a Tax provision contained in
the Consolidated  Effective Date Accounts due to a non-realisation of the
risks for  which the provision has been set-up (Rueckstellungsaufloesung)
or  (iii) will use a Tax provision contained in the Consolidated Effective 
Date Accounts due to a realisation of the risks for which the  provision has
been set-up (Rueckstellungsinanspruchnahme) as far as a  corresponding valid
and enforceable claim for repayment or  indemnification against a Third Party
exists, (iv) or for Taxes paid  as far as a corresponding valid and
enforceable claim for repayment or  indemnification against a Third Party
exists the amount of the Tax  refund or the amount of the provision
liquidated or used shall be paid  by the Purchasers to the Seller. The
Purchasers shall duly notify the  Seller of any Tax refund relating to any
period ending on or before  the Effective Date and of any liquidation and of
any usage of a  provision contained in the Consolidated Effective Date
Accounts.  Payments under this Clause 10.3 shall be made within 30 (in
words:  thirty) Business Days following the receipt of the Tax refund, 
liquidation or usage of a Tax provision contained in the Consolidated 
Effective Date Accounts by the respective Group Company.   10.4 Limitation
Period   Claims of the Purchasers or the Seller under this Clause 10 shall 
become time-barred (verjaehren) 3 (in words: three) months after the  final
and binding assessment (bestandskraeftige Veranlagung) of the  relevant
Tax.   10.5 Payments   Payments by the Seller to the Purchasers pursuant
to Clause 10.1 and  10.2 constitute a decrease of the Purchase Price.
Payments by the  Purchasers to the Seller pursuant to Clause 10.3 constitute
an  increase of the Purchase Price.   10.6 Tax Audits   If and to the
extent the Seller requests, the Parties shall use their  best efforts and in
any respect fully co-operate, and the Purchasers  shall procure that after
the Closing Date the Group Companies use  their best efforts and in any
respect fully co-operate with the Seller  in order to achieve that as soon as
possible after the Effective Date    44   the competent Tax Authorities
conduct tax audits covering all the  Group Companies\' tax affairs up to and
including the Effective Date.  For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby
clarified that the Seller  shall be involved fully in accordance with the
provisions of this  Clause 10.   10.7 Profit and Loss Pooling Agreement  
The Purchasers shall procure that none of the Group Companies will  assert
the invalidity of the profit and loss pooling agreement between  any of the
Group Companies and the Seller.  11 PURCHASERS\' GUARANTEES; PURCHASERS\'
GUARANTOR   11.1 Each Purchaser hereby guarantees by way of an independent
promise of  guarantee pursuant to Section 311 para. 1 BGB (selbstaendiges 
Garantieversprechen im Sinne des Section 311 Abs. 1 BGB):   11.1.1 The
German Purchaser is duly incorporated and validly existing  under the laws of
the Federal Republic of Germany. The UK  Purchaser is duly incorporated and
validly existing under the  laws of England and Wales. Each Purchaser has all
requisite  corporate power and authority to own its assets and to carry out 
its business.   11.1.2 The execution and performance by the Purchasers of
this  Agreement and the consummation of the transaction contemplated  hereby
are within their powers and have been duly authorized by  all necessary
company action on part of them except as set forth  in Clause 7.1.   11.1.3
The execution and performance by the Purchasers of this  Agreement and the
consummation of the transaction contemplated  herein do not (A) violate the
articles of association or by-laws  of the Purchasers or (B) violate any
applicable law, regulation,  judgment or injunction on the Purchasers, and
(C) there is no  action, lawsuit, investigation or proceeding pending 
(rechtshaengig) against, or to the knowledge of the Purchasers  threatened
against, the Purchasers before any court, arbitration  panel or governmental
authority which challenges or seeks to  prevent, alter or delay the
transaction contemplated herein.   11.1.4 The Purchasers do not have "actual
and specific knowledge" of a  breach by the Seller of any of the guarantees
in this Agreement.  As used herein "knowledge of a breach" means that not
only do the  Purchasers have knowledge of the facts that may constitute a 
breach, but additionally, also believe that such facts constitute  a breach.
For purposes of determining the Purchasers\' knowledge  of a breach by the
Seller of the guarantees made hereunder, the  term "actual and specific
knowledge", means the actual and  specific knowledge of Messrs. Frank
Sullivan, Stephen Knoop,  Dennis Finn, Jeff Korach and Randy Korach or the
following  advisors: Brian Kelly, Mara Babin, Theo Rauh. While the 
Purchasers have conducted a review of the business of the Group  Companies to
meet the Purchasers\' objectives, such review was not  intended to verify the
accuracy of the Seller\'s guarantees and  Purchasers are relying on the
Seller\'s Guarantees in entering  into this Agreement.    45   11.2 In
the event that a Purchaser is in breach of any Purchasers\'  Guarantee
pursuant to Clause 11.1, the respective Purchaser shall  indemnify and hold
harmless the Seller from any damages incurred by  the Seller or any of the
Group Companies.   11.3 The Purchasers\' Guarantor as joint and several
debtor  (Gesamtschuldner) hereby unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees 
the proper fulfilment of all obligations pursuant to this Agreement of  any
Purchaser or any Purchasers\' Affiliate, in particular, but not  limited to,
the payment of the Purchase Price. In the case of breach  of any such
obligation the Purchasers\' Guarantor shall indemnify and  hold harmless the
Seller\'s Side from any damages incurred.  12 CONFIDENTIALITY; PRESS
RELEASES; PUBLIC DISCLOSURE; COVENANTS IN THE CASE  OF NON-CONSUMMATION OF
CLOSING   12.1 Prior to Closing, no announcement or circular in connection
with the  existence or the subject matter of this Agreement shall be made
or  issued by or on behalf of the Seller\'s Side, the Group Companies or 
the Purchasers\' Side without the prior written approval of the Seller  and
the Purchasers.   12.2 The provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement shall
cease to have  any force or effect from the Signing Date. Subject to Clause
12.1 and  Clause 12.3, the Seller\'s Side and the Purchasers\' Side shall
treat as  strictly confidential and not disclose or use any information
received  or obtained as a result of entering into this Agreement which
relates  to the provisions of this Agreement and the negotiations relating
to  this Agreement. The Purchasers\' Side shall treat as strictly 
confidential and not disclose or use any information relating to the 
business, financial or other affairs (including future plans and  targets) of
the Seller\'s Side.   12.3 Clauses 12.1 and 12.2 shall not prohibit
disclosure or use of any  information referred therein if and to the
extent:   12.3.1 the disclosure or use is required by law or any regulatory
body  (e.g. 8k under the US SEC rules);   12.3.2 the disclosure or use is
required for the purpose of any  judicial proceedings arising out of this
Agreement or any other  agreement entered into under or pursuant to this
Agreement or the  disclosure is made to a Tax Authority in connection with
the Tax  affairs of the disclosing Contractual Party;   12.3.3 the
disclosure is made to professional advisers of the Seller\'s  Side or the
Purchasers\' Side who are under statutory obligations  of professional
secrecy;   12.3.4 the information is or becomes publicly available (other
than by  breach of the Confidentiality Agreement or of this Agreement);  
12.3.5 the Contractual Party affected by the disclosure or use of 
information has given prior written approval to such disclosure  or use;
or   12.3.6 the information is independently developed after Closing;  
provided that prior to disclosure or use of any information pursuant  to
Clauses 12.3.1 and 12.3.2 the Contractual Party concerned shall  promptly
notify the Contractual Party affected by such disclosure or  use of such
requirement with a view    46   to providing that Contractual Party with
the opportunity to contest  such disclosure or use or otherwise to agree the
timing and content of  such disclosure or use.   12.4 Covenants in the Case
of Non-Consummation of Closing   In the unlikely event that this Agreement
is terminated without the  Closing having been consummated,   12.4.1 the
Purchasers\' Side undertake to keep confidential all  information received
from the Seller\'s Side in connection with  the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, including but  not limited to the Disclosed Information, and
to return all  documents and information embodied otherwise which they
received  from the Seller\'s Side, together with any copies thereof and to 
destroy all documents and information embodied otherwise they  produced based
on information received from the Seller\'s Side,  unless such information is
in the public domain without breach of  a confidentiality obligation towards
the Seller\'s Side or unless  the Purchasers\' Side is obliged by law to act
otherwise. The  Purchasers\' Side shall not be entitled to any retention
right  with respect to such documents or information;   12.4.2 the
Purchasers shall indemnify and hold harmless the Seller and  the Group
Companies from any damage incurred due to them  complying with the
Purchasers\' non-approval pursuant to Clause  6.2.1(ii).   12.4.3 the
Purchasers shall indemnify and hold harmless the Seller and  the Group
Companies from any damage incurred due to the  termination of the lease
agreements upon the UK Purchaser\'s  request pursuant to Clause
6.2.1(v).  13 POST-CLOSING RIGHTS AND COVENANTS; NON-COMPETITION; NON-
SOLICITATION   13.1 The "PROVISIONAL SUPPLY AGREEMENTS" as set forth in
SCHEDULE 13.1  shall be signed prior to or on the Closing Date.   13.2
After Closing the Purchasers shall procure that the Seller has access  to all
information required in order to enforce the claims listed in  SCHEDULE
6.2.2.   13.3 Accounts 2005   13.3.1 The Seller shall prepare the accounts
as of Effective Date  except for PDR GMBH and PDR GMBH and Co. KG for such
Group  Companies listed in SCHEDULE 7.1 for the shortened business year 
ending on Effective Date and for all other Group Companies, if  the Effective
Date is 31 December 2005 and if it is another date  interim accounts
(Zwischenabschluesse) for such Group Companies  ("ACCOUNTS 2005"). These
Accounts 2005 shall be prepared in  accordance with local GAAP, the
accounting principles used in the  preparation of the respective accounts for
the business year 2004  and such principles consistently applied with past
practice and  subject to utilizing and continuing the same capitalization
and  election rights, valuation and consolidation principles as used  in
preparation of the respective accounts for the business year  2004. In the
event of discrepancies between local GAAP and the  principles as applied in
the past, local GAAP shall prevail.    47   13.3.2 The Purchasers shall
after the Closing Date instruct the  management of each Group Company to
effectively assist the Seller  in the preparation of the Accounts 2005 in any
respect and to  give the Seller, its tax advisors and Seller\'s Auditor
access to  any information requested by the Seller, its tax advisor and 
Seller\'s Auditor. The Seller shall be given access to the  management and to
the premises of the Group Companies. The Seller  shall have the right to make
photocopies of any documents  relevant for the preparation of the Accounts
2005.   13.3.3 The Accounts 2005 so prepared by the Seller shall be
delivered  by the Seller to the Purchasers without undue delay. The Seller 
shall arrange for an audit of the Accounts 2005 by Seller\'s  Auditor
admitted to conduct the audit of the Accounts 2005 in the  jurisdiction in
which the respective Group Company is  incorporated. Within 60 (in words:
sixty) Business Days after the  Effective Date, the Seller shall deliver the
Accounts 2005 to the  Purchasers, together with the reports by the respective
auditors.   13.3.4 The Accounts 2005 shall be final and binding on the
Parties,  unless and to the extent that the Purchasers do not within 30 (in 
words: thirty) Business Days after the receipt of the Accounts  2005 provide
the Seller with a written report asserting that the  Accounts 2005 received
from the Seller do not meet the provisions  set forth in Clause 13.3.1 by way
of stating specific objections  to that effect. In such event revised
Accounts 2005 shall be  prepared by the Purchasers\' Auditor and submitted to
the Seller  within the further 30 (in words: thirty) Business Days which 
shall take into account the changes that are necessary in the  Purchasers\'
Auditor\'s view ("REVISED ACCOUNTS 2005"). At Seller\'s  request Seller\'s
Auditor shall receive all necessary assistance  and shall be given access to
the management of the Group  Companies and to all documentation relevant for
reviewing the  Revised Accounts 2005, including the working papers of the 
Purchasers\' Auditor. If no written objections are raised by the  Seller
within 30 (in words: thirty) Business Days following the  delivery of the
Revised Accounts 2005 by the Purchasers\' Auditor,  then the Revised Accounts
2005 shall be final and binding on the  Parties.   13.3.5 If, after the
Seller having raised in time and due form its  objections against the Revised
Accounts 2005, the Seller and the  Purchasers cannot agree on the changes to
the Revised Accounts  2005 within 30 (in words: thirty) Business Days
following the  delivery of the Seller\'s objections, Clause 4.4 shall apply 
mutatis mutandis.   13.3.6 The Purchasers shall procure that within 30 (in
words: thirty)  Business Days after the Accounts 2005 or the Revised
Accounts  2005, as the case may be, have become final on the Parties 
shareholders\' resolutions of each Group Company will be adopted  by which
the Accounts 2005 or respectively the Revised Accounts  2005 will be approved
in any respect in the form as has become  final on the Parties. With no undue
delay after the approval of  the Accounts 2005 respectively the Revised
Accounts 2005 Claims  resulting from the profit and loss pooling agreement
existing  between the Seller and BIG shall be paid by the party liable. 
Should BIG be    48   liable for such claim, the Purchasers will procure
that the  obligation of such payment will be fulfilled by BIG as provided 
for in the previous sentence.   13.3.7 The costs for the preparation of the
Accounts 2005 and their  audits shall be borne by the respective Group
Company. Clause 4.5  sentences 2 and 3 shall apply mutatis mutandis.   13.4
The Seller and the German Purchaser have entered in accordance with  Clause
7.4.5 into an agreement on the assignment, transfer and  delimitation of
intellectual property rights (IP-Uebertragungs- und  Abgrenzungsvereinbarung;
"IP-AGREEMENT") attached as SCHEDULE 13.4,  entering into effect on the
Effective Date.   13.5 Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation   13.5.1
Seller\'s Side   (i) For the period of 3 (in words: three) years commencing
with  the Closing Date the Seller, SI and MI shall not, and the  Seller
shall cause its Affiliates not to, and SI and MI  shall use reasonable
efforts to cause the Persons Related to  SI or MI not to,   (a) develop,
produce, market, sell or render (or assist any  other Person in developing,
producing, marketing,  selling or rendering) products or services in 
competition anywhere in the world with the products and  services sold or
provided by the Business on the  Closing Date, or   (b) engage in business
with, serve as an agent or  consultant to, or become a partner, member,
principal  or stockholder (other than a holder of less than 5% (in  words:
five percent) of the outstanding voting shares  of any publicly held company)
of or be engaged by, any  person whose business competes anywhere in the
world  with the Business as conducted on the Closing Date;   The Seller, SI
and MI hereby agree that the Purchase Price  as set forth in Clause 3 of this
Agreement includes  consideration for their agreement not to compete as set 
forth in this Clause 13.5.1(i).   (ii) The Seller, SI and MI hereby
undertake for a period of 2 (in  words: two) years commencing with the
Closing Date not to  actively solicit directly or through Affiliates or
Third  Parties any employee of the Business.   13.5.2 Purchasers\' Side  
(i) For the period of 3 (in words: three) years commencing with  the Closing
Date the Purchasers and the Purchasers\'  Guarantor shall not, and the
Purchasers\' Guarantor shall  cause its Affiliates not to,   (a) develop,
produce, market, sell or render (or assist any  other Person in developing,
producing, marketing,  selling or rendering) products or services in 
competition in the Territory with the products and  services sold or provided
by the Remaining Businesses  on the Closing Date, or    49   (b) engage
in business with, serve as an agent or  consultant to, or become a partner,
member, principal  or stockholder (other than a holder of less than 5% (in 
words: 5 per cent) of the outstanding voting shares of  any publicly held
company) of or be engaged by, any  person whose business competes in the
Territory with  the Remaining Businesses as conducted on the Closing  Date;
except (1) if the business which competes in the  Territory with the
Remaining Businesses is acquired  through the acquisition of a company or a
group of  companies and if the competing business makes up not  more than
10% (in words: ten percent) in balance sheet  value, of the balance sheet or
consolidated balance  sheet of the acquired company or the acquired group
of  companies as of the date of the closing of the  acquisition; (2) the
Purchaser\'s Side is as of the  Signing Date already active in such
business.   Clause 13.5.1, last sentence, applies mutatis mutandis.   (ii)
The Purchasers hereby undertake for a period of 2 (in words:  two) years
commencing with the Closing Date not to actively  solicit directly or through
Affiliates or Third Parties any  employee of the Seller and the Remaining
Businesses.   13.6 Without prejudice to Purchasers\' rights to make claims
under the  Seller\'s guarantees, Seller will indemnify Purchasers and the
Group  Companies and hold them harmless against all Environmental Costs 
arising from the Environmental Liability in connection with the  property in
Arkel, Holland ("LOCATION"). Environmental Costs shall be  pro rated on the
following basis:   (i) the first EUR 800,000 (in words: Euro eight hundred 
thousand) of Environmental Costs per Location will be paid  by Seller;  
(ii) Environmental Costs from EUR 800,000 (in words: Euro eight  hundred
thousand) to and including EUR 2,000,000 (in words:  EURO two million) shall
be paid 90 % (in words: ninety per  cent) by the Seller and 10 % (in words:
ten per cent) by the  Group Companies;   (iii) Environmental Costs from EUR
2,000,000 (in words: EURO two  million) to and including EUR 3,000,000 (in
words: EURO  three million) shall be paid 85 % (in words: eighty five per 
cent) by Seller and 15 % (in words: fifteen per cent) by the  Group
Companies; and   (iv) Environmental Costs in excess of EUR 3,000,000 (in
words:  Euro three million) shall be paid 83 % (in words: eighty  three per
cent) by Seller and 17 % (in words: seventeen) by  the Group Companies.  
Environmental Costs shall be determined on an after-tax basis  provided,
however, that Seller\'s maximum liability pursuant to this  Clause 13.6 shall
be limited by Clause 9.3.3.   The Group Companies shall have the right to
control the manner and  method of all remediation work using consultants and
advisors of their  choice. The Group Companies and the Purchasers undertake
to implement  any remediation program in    50   a manner that is
designed to effectively and efficiently restore the  contaminated property to
a condition that is in compliance with  applicable Environmental Law.
Purchasers and the Group Companies shall  cause the remediation work to be
effected in accordance with practices  that are customary in the industry and
shall use reasonable efforts to  avoid the incurrence of costs in excess of
such amounts as are  reasonable in order to effect the objectives of the
remediation  program(s).   Until the Environmental Liability at the
Location has been remediated  and is in compliance with Environmental Law, in
each December the  Purchasers and/or any Group Company (each, a "CLAIMANT")
may submit a  Reimbursement Certificate together with invoices for costs
incurred or  contracts evidencing obligations to third parties, in each case
solely  for costs of remediating the Environmental Liability at the
Location.  The Remediation Certificate shall be a certificate of the Claimant
and  shall provide as follows: (i) the Claimant has either paid, or 
incurred obligations to third parties to pay, costs for the  remediation of
the Environmental Condition at the Location (including  consulting and
engineering costs), (ii) the amount of unreimbursed  costs that Claimant has
paid ("UNREIMBURSED COSTS"), and (iii) the pro  rata portion of the
Unreimbursed Costs that Claimant is entitled to be  paid pursuant to Clause
13.6, first paragraph, of the Agreement. Not  later than January 10 of the
following year, Seller will pay Claimant,  by wire transfer to an account
designated by Claimant, the amount set  forth in (iii) of the previous
sentence.   13.7 The Seller hereby grants to the respective Group Company
that owns the  real estate specified under no. 5 in SCHEDULE 8.1.3(I)-(1) in
the form  of a true contract in favour of a third party (echter Vertrag 
zugunsten Dritter) the unconditional and irrevocable right, to sell  the
Belgian real Estate to the Seller at book value. This offer is  limited in
time until 31 January 2006 (the "BELGIAN REAL ESTATE"). In  the event of such
a transfer the Group Company shall be entitled to  request a lease agreement
for the Belgian Real Estate at arms\' length.  14 PAYMENTS AND INTEREST  
14.1 Seller\'s Account; Purchasers\' Account   14.1.1 All payments owed by
the Purchasers to the Seller under this  Agreement shall be paid by the
Purchasers free of any costs and  fees by wire transfer or other electronic
means. Except for the  Escrow Amount, all payments shall be paid to the
Seller\'s bank  account kept with Dresdner Bank AG,    51   SWIFT-code
DRES DE FF, IBAN DE12 3708 0040 0888 4754 02, bank  code (Bankleitzahl) 370
800 40, account number 889 59 34  ("SELLER\'S ACCOUNT") or any other account
to be nominated by the  Seller to the Purchasers in compliance with Clause 15
with at  least 5 (in words: five) Business Days prior to the Closing
Date.   14.1.2 All payments owed by the Seller to either of the Purchasers 
under this Agreement shall be paid by the Seller free of any  costs and fees
by wire transfer or other electronic means to the  German Purchaser\'s bank
account kept with Deutsche Bank AG  Duesseldorf, SWIFT-code DEUTDEDD, IBAN
DE22 3007 0010 0320 0177  00, sort code (Bankleitzahl) 300 700 10, account
number 320 0177  00 ("PURCHASERS\' ACCOUNT") or any other account to be
nominated  by the Purchasers to the Seller in compliance with Clause 15
with  at least 5 (in words: five) Business Days prior to the Closing  Date.
Purchasers may only nominate one account for the purposes  of this Agreement.
Any payments made to any of the Purchasers  under this Agreement shall be
made to the specified account. The  allocation of any amounts paid to the
accounts of the Purchasers  by the Seller shall be dealt with internally
between the  Purchasers.   14.2 Default Interest   If a Contractual Party
defaults in the payment when due of any amount  payable under this Agreement,
its liability shall be increased to  include interest on such amount from the
date when such payment is due  until the date of actual payment at a rate per
annum of 4% (in words:  four per cent) over the Base Interest Rate. Interest
shall be  calculated on the basis of actual days elapsed and a calendar
year  with 360 (in words: three hundred sixty) days.  15 NOTICES   15.1
Form of Notice   All declarations, notices or other communications
hereunder  ("NOTICES") shall be done in writing in the English language and 
delivered by hand, registered mail, courier or by facsimile to the  person at
the addresses set forth below, or such other addresses as  may be designated
by the respective Contractual Party to the other  Contractual Parties in the
same manner. Any notice to Seller\'s Side or  Purchasers\' Side, as
applicable, shall be served and received  (zugestellt) if given to the
addresses as specified in Clause 15.2 and  15.3 or any other address
designated in accordance with this Clause  15. However, neither Seller\'s
Side nor Purchasers\' Side may designate  more than one recipient and at a
maximum two recipients receiving  copies of any Notice.   15.2 Notices to
Seller\'s Side   Any Notice to be given hereunder to any Person of the
Seller\'s Side  shall be addressed as follows:   ILLBRUCK GMBH  MANAGING
DIRECTOR  BURSCHEIDER STRAssE 454  51381 LEVERKUSEN    52   GERMANY  
Fax: +49 (0)2171-391-599   with a copy to:   LINKLATERS OPPENHOFF and
RAEDLER  DR. WOLFGANG KRAUEL  PRINZREGENTENPLATZ 10  81675 MUNICH 
GERMANY   Fax: +49 (0)89-41808-100   15.3 Notices to Purchasers\' Side  
Any Notice to be given hereunder to any Person of the Purchasers\' Side 
shall be addressed as follows:   ATTN: MR R. KORACH   TREMCO
INCORPORATED  3735 GREEN ROAD  BEACHWOOD, OHIO 44122  USA   with a copy
to:   MR STEVE KNOOP   RPM INTERNATIONAL, INC.  2628 PEARL RD., BOX 777 
MEDINA, OH 44258  USA   and a copy to:   DR THEO RAUH   PPR and PARTNER 
KOENIGSALLEE 70  40212 DUESSELDORF  GERMANY.   15.4 Change of Address  
The Seller and the Purchasers are to, without being legally obliged  to,
communicate any change of the respective addresses set forth in  this Clause
15 as soon as possible in writing to the respective other  side. Until such
communication, the address as hitherto shall be  relevant.  16
MISCELLANEOUS    53   16.1 Whole Agreement, Schedules and Variation  
16.1.1 This Agreement constitutes the full understanding of the  Contractual
Parties and the complete and exclusive statements of  the terms and
conditions of the Contractual Parties\' agreements  relating to the subject
matter hereof and supersedes any and all  prior agreements and
understandings, whether written or oral,  that may exist between the
Contractual Parties with respect to  the subject matter of this Agreement or
parts thereof. Side  agreements to this Agreement do not exist.   16.1.2
All Schedules attached hereto form an integral part of this  Agreement.  
16.1.3 No variation of this Agreement, including this Clause 16, shall  be
effective unless in writing and signed by or on behalf of the  Contractual
Parties, unless a stricter form (e.g. notarization)  is required under
applicable law.   16.2 Definitions and Language   16.2.1 In this Agreement
defined terms shall have the meaning as so  defined throughout the entire
Agreement, unless a different  meaning is expressly attributed to the
respective term in respect  of any single Clause of this Agreement.  
16.2.2 Legal terms used in this Agreement shall have the meaning  attributed
to them under German law, when translated into German.  If a German
translation is given in italic such translation shall  be decisive. This
Clause 16.2.2 shall apply mutatis mutandis to  any legal concept associated
with any such legal term.   16.2.3 Legal terms under German law shall extend
to any corresponding  or identical legal terms under foreign law to the
extent that  relevant facts and circumstances must be assessed under such 
foreign law. Where no corresponding or identical legal terms  under foreign
law exist, such legal terms shall be introduced as  functionally come closest
to the legal terms under German law.   16.3 No Assignment   Except as
otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, neither  Contractual Party
may without the prior written consent of the  respective other Contractual
Parties, assign, grant any security  interest over, hold on trust or
otherwise transfer the benefit of the  whole or any part of this Agreement.
Any assignment to Affiliates of  either the Seller or the Purchasers shall be
permitted without written  consent of the respective other Contractual
Parties, in which case the  assigning Contractual Party shall remain jointly
and fully liable for  any obligation under this Agreement.   16.4 No Right
to Set-off/Withhold   Unless expressly stated otherwise in this Agreement,
any right of the  Purchasers\' Side to set-off and/or to withhold any
payments due under  this Agreement is hereby expressly waived and excluded
except for  claims which are undisputed (unstreitig) or have become res
iudicatae  (rechtskraeftig festgestellt).   16.5 Costs    54   Unless
provided otherwise in this Agreement including its Schedules,  each
Contractual Party shall bear all costs incurred by it in  connection with the
preparation and negotiation of this Agreement. Any  transaction fees, except
for the fees, etc. covered in Clause 16.6,  arising at any of the Group
Companies, including, but not limited to,  broker fees, transaction bonuses,
advisors fees, etc. shall be borne  by the Seller.   16.6 Notarial Fees,
Registration, Tax   All transfer Tax, costs for the notarisation of this
Agreement, stamp  fees and any other charges and costs which result from this
Agreement  and the Closing of the transaction considered hereby shall be
borne by  the Purchasers. All charges, costs and fees which result from the 
filings under the merger control laws, including, but not limited to,  the
charges, costs and fees of the Competent Authorities, shall also  be borne by
the Purchasers. The Purchasers shall be responsible for  arranging the
payment of all such Tax, costs charges and fees,  including fulfilling any
administrative or reporting obligation  imposed by the applicable laws in
connection with the payment of such  Taxes and costs. The Purchasers shall
indemnify the Seller\'s Side  against any damages and losses suffered by the
Seller\'s Side as a  result of the Purchasers failing to comply with their
obligations  under this Clause 16.6. Notwithstanding the above, each
Contractual  Party shall bear the costs of its own advisors.   16.7
Governing Law and Exclusive Jurisdiction   16.7.1 This Agreement shall be
governed by and construed in accordance  with the laws of the Federal
Republic of Germany.   16.7.2 In the event of any dispute between the
Contractual Parties  arising out of or in connection with this Agreement,
exclusive  jurisdiction shall be with the competent courts of Cologne.  
16.8 Severability   Should any provision of this Agreement be or become
invalid,  ineffective or unenforceable as a whole or in part, the validity, 
effectiveness and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not  be
affected thereby. Any such invalid, ineffective or unenforceable  provision
shall be deemed replaced by such valid, effective and  enforceable provision
as comes closest to the economic intent and the  purpose of such invalid,
ineffective or unenforceable provision as  regards subject-matter, amount,
time, place and extent. The aforesaid  shall apply mutatis mutandis to any
gap in this Agreement.  IN WITNESS thereof this Agreement has been duly
executed.   ***    55   '

