 EXHIBIT 2.1  Exhibit 2.1    AGREEMENT AND PLAN
OF MERGER   DATED AS OF OCTOBER 17, 2001   AMONG   WELLPOINT HEALTH
NETWORKS INC.   RWP ACQUISITION CORP.   AND   RIGHTCHOICE MANAGED CARE,
INC.     Table of Contents   Page   ARTICLE I THE MERGER 2  1.1. The
Merger 2  1.2. Closing 2  1.3. Effective Time 2  1.4. Effects of the Merger
2  1.5. Certificate of Incorporation 2  1.6. By-Laws 3  1.7. Officers and
Directors of Surviving Corporation 3  1.8. Effect on Capital Stock 3  1.9.
Cash Elections 4  1.10. Proration 6  1.11. Company Stock Options 7  1.12.
Certain Adjustments 8  1.13. Headquarters 8  ARTICLE II EXCHANGE OF
CERTIFICATES 9  2.1. Exchange Fund 9  2.2. Exchange Procedures 9  2.3.
Distributions with Respect to Unexchanged Shares 10  2.4. No Further
Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock 10  2.5. No Fractional Shares of
Purchaser Common Stock 10  2.6. Termination of Exchange Fund 11  2.7. No
Liability 11  2.8. Investment of the Exchange Fund 11  2.9. Lost
Certificates 12  2.10. Withholding Rights 12  2.11. Further Assurances 12 
2.12. Stock Transfer Books 12  ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
13  3.1. Representations and Warranties of Purchaser 13  3.2.
Representations and Warranties of Company 17  3.3. Representations and
Warranties of Purchaser and Merger  Sub 29  ARTICLE IV COVENANTS RELATING
TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS 30  4.1. Conduct of Business of Company Pending the
Merger 30  4.2. Conduct of Business of Purchaser Pending the Merger 32  4.3.
Governmental Filings 33  ARTICLE V ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS 33  5.1.
Preparation of Form S-4 and the Proxy Statement;  Stockholders Meeting 33 
5.2. Accountant\'s Letters 34  5.3. Access to Information 35  5.4.
Reasonable Best Efforts 35  5.5. No Solicitation of Transactions 36  5.6.
Employee Benefits Matters. 37  5.7. Directors\' and Officers\'
Indemnification and  Insurance 38  5.8. Notification of Certain Matters 39 
5.9. Public Announcements 39  5.10. Listing of Shares of Purchaser Common
Stock 40  5.11. Affiliates 40  5.12. Transition Team 40  5.13. Management
Responsibilities. 40  5.14. Tax-Free Reorganization Treatment 41  ARTICLE
VI CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 41  6.1. Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to
Effect the  Merger 41  6.2. Additional Conditions to Obligations of
Purchaser and  Merger Sub 42  6.3. Additional Conditions to Obligations of
Company 43  ARTICLE VII TERMINATION AND AMENDMENT 44  7.1. Termination 44 
7.2. Effect of Termination 45  7.3. Fees and Expenses 45  7.4. Amendment
46  7.5. Extension; Waiver 46  ARTICLE VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS 47  8.1.
Non-Survival of Representations, Warranties and  Agreements 47  8.2. Notices
47  8.3. Interpretation 48  8.4. Counterparts 48  8.5. Entire Agreement; No
Third Party Beneficiaries 48  8.6. Governing Law 48  8.7. Severability 49 
8.8. Assignment 49  8.9. Submission to Jurisdiction; Waivers 49  8.10.
Enforcement 50  8.11. Definitions 50   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated
as of October 17, 2001 (this "Agreement"), among WellPoint Health Networks
Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Purchaser"), RWP Acquisition Corp.,
a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Purchaser
("Merger Sub"), and RightCHOICE Managed Care, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Company").   W I T N E S S E T H :   WHEREAS, the Boards of Directors of
Company and Purchaser deem it advisable and in the best interests of
each corporation and its respective stockholders that Company and Purchaser
engage in a business combination in order to advance the long-term strategic
business interests of Company and Purchaser;   WHEREAS, the combination of
Company and Purchaser shall be effected by the terms of this Agreement
through a merger as outlined below (the "Merger");   WHEREAS, in
furtherance thereof, the respective Boards of Directors of Company and
Purchaser have approved the Merger, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in this Agreement, pursuant to which each share of
common stock, $0.01 par value, of Company ("Company Common Stock") issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (as defined in
Section 1.3), other than Company Treasury Shares (as defined in Section
1.8(a)), Dissenting Shares (as defined in Section 1.8(d)) and shares of
Company Common Stock owned by Purchaser or Merger Sub, will be converted into
the right to receive, at the election of the holders thereof and subject to
possible proration under Section 1.10 hereof, either (i) shares of common
stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Purchaser ("Purchaser Common Stock")
or (ii) an amount of cash, as set forth in Section 1.8;   WHEREAS, for
Federal income tax purposes, it is intended that the Merger shall qualify as
a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), and the regulations
promulgated thereunder, and the parties intend, by executing this
Agreement, to adopt a plan of reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Code and the regulations promulgated
thereunder; and   WHEREAS, Purchaser and The Missouri Foundation
For Health (the "Foundation") have entered into a Voting and
Lockup Agreement simultaneously herewith, which has been approved by
the Board of Directors of Company for the purposes of Section 203 of the
DGCL (as defined in Section 1.1).   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
foregoing and the respective representations, warranties, covenants
and agreements set forth in this Agreement, and intending to be legally
bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:    ARTICLE I  THE
MERGER   1.1. The Merger. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in this Agreement, and in accordance with the Delaware General
Corporation Law (the "DGCL"), Company shall be merged with and into Merger
Sub at the Effective Time. Immediately following the Merger, the separate
corporate existence of Company shall cease and Merger Sub shall continue as
the surviving corporation (the "Surviving Corporation") under the
name RightChoice Managed Care, Inc.   1.2. Closing. Subject to the terms
and conditions hereof, the closing of the Merger and the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement (the "Closing") will take place on the second
Business Day after the satisfaction or waiver (subject to applicable law) of
the conditions set forth in Article VI (other than any such conditions which
by their terms cannot be satisfied until the Closing Date, which shall be
required to be so satisfied or waived on the Closing Date), unless another
time or date is agreed to in writing by the parties hereto (the actual time
and date of the Closing being referred to herein as the "Closing Date"). The
Closing shall be held at the offices of Simpson Thacher and Bartlett, 425
Lexington Avenue, New York, New York 10017, unless another place is agreed to
in writing by the parties hereto.   1.3. Effective Time. At the Closing,
the parties shall file a certificate of merger (the "Certificate of Merger")
in such form as is required by and executed in accordance with the
relevant provisions of the DGCL. The Merger shall become effective at
such time as the Certificate of Merger is duly filed with the Secretary of
State of Delaware or at such subsequent time as Purchaser and Company shall
agree and as shall be specified in the Certificate of Merger (the date and
time the Merger becomes effective being the "Effective Time").   1.4.
Effects of the Merger. At and after the Effective Time, the Merger will have
the effects set forth in the DGCL. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time all the property,
rights, privileges, powers and franchises of Company and Merger Sub shall be
vested in the Surviving Corporation, and all debts, liabilities and duties
of Company and Merger Sub shall be the debts, liabilities and duties of the
Surviving Corporation.   1.5. Certificate of Incorporation. The certificate
of incorporation of Merger Sub, as in effect immediately prior to the
Effective Time, shall be the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving
Corporation, until thereafter changed or amended as provided therein or
by applicable law.   1.6. By-Laws. At the Effective Time and without any
further action on the part of Company and Merger Sub, the by-laws of Merger
Sub shall be the by-laws of the Surviving Corporation and thereafter may be
amended or repealed in accordance with their terms or the certificate of
incorporation of the Surviving Corporation and as provided by law.   1.7.
Officers and Directors of Surviving Corporation. Subject to Section 5.13, the
officers of Merger Sub as of the Effective Time shall be the officers of the
Surviving Corporation, until the earlier of their resignation or removal
or otherwise ceasing to be an officer or until their respective successors
are duly elected and qualified, as the case may be. The directors of Merger
Sub as of the Effective Time shall serve as directors of the Surviving
Corporation until the earlier of their resignation or removal or otherwise
ceasing to be a director or until their respective successors are duly
elected and qualified.   1.8. Effect on Capital Stock. As of the Effective
Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the
holder of any shares of Company Common Stock:   (a) All shares of Company
Common Stock that are owned by Company as treasury stock or otherwise (the
"Company Treasury Shares") or by Parent or Merger Sub shall be canceled and
retired and shall cease to exist and no cash, Purchaser Common Stock
or other consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor.   (b)
Subject to Section 1.10, each share of Company Common Stock issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than the Company
Treasury Shares, the Dissenting Shares and shares of Company Common Stock
owned by Purchaser or Merger Sub) shall be converted at the Effective
Time into the following (the "Merger Consideration"):   (i) for each such
share of Company Common Stock with respect to  which an election to receive
cash has been effectively made and  not revoked or lost pursuant to Section
1.9 (the "Electing  Company Shares"), the right to receive $66 in cash (the
"Cash  Consideration"); and   (ii) for each such share of Company Common
Stock (other than  Electing Company Shares), the right to receive 0.6161
(the  "Exchange Ratio") of a fully paid and nonassessable share of 
Purchaser Common Stock (the "Stock Consideration").  Upon such conversion,
all such shares of Company Common Stock shall no longer be outstanding and
shall automatically be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and
each Company Certificate (as defined in Section 1.9(b)) shall
thereafter represent the right to receive the Merger Consideration and
cash for fractional shares in accordance with Section 2.5 upon the surrender
of the Company Certificate in accordance with the terms hereof.   (c) Each
share of common stock, par value $0.01, of Merger Sub (the "Merger Sub Common
Stock") outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall remain
outstanding and unchanged following the Effective Time as shares of
the Surviving Corporation.   (d) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement
to the contrary, shares of Company Common Stock that are issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and that are owned
by stockholders that have properly perfected their rights of appraisal within
the meaning of Section 262 of the DGCL (the "Dissenting Shares") shall not be
converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration, unless and
until such stockholders shall have failed to perfect any available right
of appraisal under applicable law, but, instead, the holders thereof shall
be entitled to payment of the appraised value of such Dissenting Shares in
accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL. If any such holder shall have failed
to perfect or shall have effectively withdrawn or lost such right of
appraisal, the shares of Company Common Stock held by such stockholder shall
not be deemed Dissenting Shares for purposes of this Agreement and
shall thereupon be deemed to have been converted into the
Merger Consideration at the Effective Time in accordance with Section 1.8(b)
(and, if no election is timely made by such holder pursuant to Section 1.9,
into the Cash Consideration, subject to proration pursuant to Section 1.10).
Company shall give Purchaser (A) prompt notice of any demands for appraisal
filed pursuant to Section 262 of the DGCL received by Company, withdrawals
of such demands and any other instruments served or delivered in connection
with such demands pursuant to the DGCL and received by Company and (B) the
opportunity to participate in all negotiations and proceedings with respect
to demands made pursuant to Section 262 of the DGCL. Company shall not,
except with the prior written consent of Purchaser, (x) make any
payment with respect to any such demand, (y) offer to settle or settle any
such demand or (z) waive any failure to timely deliver a written demand for
appraisal or timely take any other action to perfect appraisal rights in
accordance with the DGCL.   1.9. Cash Elections. (a) Each person who, on or
prior to the Election Date (as defined in Section 1.9(c)), is a record holder
of shares of Company Common Stock shall be entitled, with respect to all or
any portion of such person\'s shares, other than Company Treasury Shares
and Dissenting Shares, to make an unconditional election (a "Cash Election")
on or prior to such Election Date to receive cash for such holder\'s shares
of Company Common Stock, on the basis hereinafter set forth; provided,
however, that, unless the nominee advises the Exchange Agent (as defined in
Section 1.9(b)) otherwise in writing, each of the beneficial owners of
shares held of record by a bank, trust company, broker, dealer or
other recognized nominee (including, for these purposes, shares allocated to
participants\' accounts under any Company Benefit Plans), shall be treated as
a separate record holder and either directly or through such nominee may
submit a separate Form of Election (as defined in Section 1.9(c)) for shares
that are beneficially owned by such beneficial owner.   (b) Prior to the
Effective Time, Purchaser shall appoint, subject to the approval of Company
(which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), an exchange
agent (the "Exchange Agent") for the purpose of exchanging
certificates which immediately prior to the Effective Time evidenced shares
of Company Common Stock (the "Company Certificates") for the
Merger Consideration.   (c) Purchaser shall prepare a form of election (the
"Form of Election") which shall be subject to the approval of Company (which
approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) to be mailed by
Company to the record holders of shares of Company Common Stock not more than
60 Business Days nor less than 20 Business Days prior to the Election Date.
The Form of Election may be included on the proxy solicited from stockholders
of Company in connection with the approval of Company\'s stockholders of the
Merger and the Certificate of Incorporation Amendment (as defined in Section
5.1(b)). The Form of Election shall be used by each record holder of shares
of Company Common Stock who wishes to elect to receive cash for any or all
shares of Company Common Stock held by such holder, subject to the
proration provisions of Section 1.10. Company shall use its
reasonable efforts to make the Form of Election available to all persons
who become holders of shares of Company Common Stock during the period
between the record date for the mailing of the Form of Election and the
Election Date. Any holder\'s election to receive cash shall have been
properly made only if the Exchange Agent shall have received at its
designated office, by 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Business Day
specified by Company in the Form of Election (or a later Business Day
specified by Company, reasonably acceptable to Purchaser, in a subsequent
press release) (the "Election Date"), which Election Date shall be
two Business Days prior to the date on which Purchaser reasonably believes
the Effective Time will occur, a Form of Election properly completed and
signed and accompanied by Company Certificates representing the shares of
Company Common Stock to which such Form of Election relates, duly endorsed in
blank or otherwise in form acceptable for transfer on the books of
Company (or by an appropriate guarantee of delivery of such
Company Certificates as set forth in such Form of Election from a firm which
is an "eligible guarantor institution" (as defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")); provided
that such Company Certificates are in fact delivered to the Exchange Agent by
the time set forth in such guarantee of delivery). Notwithstanding the
foregoing, in order to make its election, the Foundation shall not be
required to deliver with its Form of Election the Company Certificate
representing the shares of Company Common Stock to which its Form of Election
relates if such delivery would violate the Voting Trust and Divestiture
Agreement to which it, Company and the trustee named therein are parties;
provided that such Company Certificate shall be delivered to the
Exchange Agent as soon as practicable thereafter and in any event prior
to receipt of any consideration delivered in exchange therefor. Any Form of
Election may be revoked by the stockholder submitting it only by written
notice received by the Exchange Agent prior to 5:00 p.m., New York City time,
on the Election Date. If a Form of Election is revoked, the Company
Certificate or Company Certificates (or guarantees of delivery, as
appropriate) for the shares of Company Common Stock to which such Form of
Election relates shall be promptly returned by the Exchange Agent to
the stockholder of Company submitting the same.   (d) The determination of
the Exchange Agent (or the mutual determination of Company and Purchaser in
the event that the Exchange Agent declines to make any such determination)
shall be binding as to whether or not Cash Elections have been properly made
or revoked pursuant to this Section 1.9 with respect to shares of Company
Common Stock and as to when Cash Elections and revocations were received by
it. If the Exchange Agent reasonably determines in good faith that any Cash
Election was not properly made with respect to shares of Company Common
Stock, such shares shall be treated by the Exchange Agent as shares which
were not Electing Company Shares at the Effective Time, and such shares shall
be converted in the Merger into the right to receive the Stock Consideration
pursuant to Section 1.8(b)(ii), subject to proration as provided in Section
1.10. The Exchange Agent (or Company and Purchaser by mutual agreement in the
event that the Exchange Agent declines to make any such determination) shall
also make all computations as to the allocation and the proration
contemplated by Section 1.10, and any such computation shall be conclusive
and binding on the stockholders of Company. The Exchange Agent may, with the
mutual written agreement of Company and Purchaser, make such rules as are
consistent with this Section 1.9 for the implementation of the Cash
Elections provided for herein and as shall be necessary or desirable
to fully effect such Cash Elections.   1.10. Proration.   (a) Proration
Requirements. Notwithstanding anything in this  Agreement to the contrary,
the number of shares of Company Common Stock (the  "Maximum Cash Election
Number") to be converted into the right  to receive Cash Consideration in the
Merger shall be equal to  (i) 30 percent of the number of issued and
outstanding shares  of Company Common Stock immediately prior to the
Effective Time  less (ii) the number of Dissenting Shares, if any. The
number  of shares of Company Common Stock to be converted into the  right to
receive Stock Consideration in the Merger (the  "Maximum Stock Number") shall
be equal to (i) the number of  issued and outstanding shares of Company
Common Stock  immediately prior to the Effective Time less (ii) the sum of 
(A) the Maximum Cash Election Number and (B) the number of  Dissenting
Shares, if any.   (b) Procedures for Reducing Number of Electing Company 
Shares. If the aggregate number of shares of Company  Common Stock in respect
of which Cash Elections have been made  (the "Electing Number") exceeds the
Maximum Cash Election  Number, each Electing Company Share shall be converted
into the  right to receive shares of Purchaser Common Stock or cash in 
accordance with the terms of Section 1.8 in the following  manner:   (i) a
proration factor (the "Cash Proration Factor") shall be  determined by
dividing the Maximum Cash Election Number by the  Electing Number;   (ii)
the number of Electing Company Shares covered by each Cash  Election that
will be converted into the right to receive Cash  Consideration shall be
determined by multiplying the Cash  Proration Factor by the total number of
Electing Company Shares  covered by such Cash Election; and   (iii) all
Electing Company Shares, other than those shares converted into the right to
receive Cash Consideration in accordance with Section 1.10(b)(ii), shall be
converted into the right to receive shares of Purchaser Common Stock (on
a consistent basis among stockholders of Company who made Cash Elections,
pro rata to the respective numbers of shares of Company Common Stock as to
which they made such Cash Elections) as if such shares were not Electing
Company Shares, in accordance with the terms of Section 1.8(b)(ii).   (c)
Procedures for Increasing Number of Electing Company Shares. If  the number
of shares (the "Non-Electing Number")  of Company Common Stock as to which no
Cash Elections were  made, other than Company Treasury Shares and Dissenting
Shares  (such shares, the "Non-Electing Shares"), exceeds the Maximum  Stock
Number, each Non-Electing Share shall be converted into  the right to receive
shares of Purchaser Common Stock or cash  in accordance with the terms of
Section 1.8 in the following  manner:   (i) a proration factor (the "Stock
Proration Factor") shall be  determined by dividing the Maximum Stock Number
by the Non-  Electing Number;   (ii) the number of Non-Electing Shares to
be converted into the  right to receive the Stock Consideration shall be
determined by  multiplying the Stock Proration Factor by the total number of
Non-  Electing Shares; and   (iii) all Non-Electing Shares, other than
those converted  into the right to receive Stock Consideration in accordance
with  Section 1.10(c)(ii), shall be converted into the right to receive 
Cash Consideration (on a consistent basis among stockholders of  Company who
held Non-Electing Shares, pro rata to the respective  number of Non-Electing
Shares) as if such shares were Electing  Company Shares, in accordance with
the terms of Section  1.8(b)(i).   1.11. Company Stock Options. Company and
Purchaser shall take all action reasonably necessary so that, immediately
prior to the Effective Time, each stock option (the "Company Stock Options")
heretofore granted or granted after the date hereof in compliance with
the provisions hereof under any stock option or similar plan of Company (the
"Company Stock Option Plans") and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall become vested and exercisable as of the Effective Time
and shall be converted into an option to purchase a number of shares of
Purchaser Common Stock (a "Converted Option") equal to the product of the
number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Company
Stock Option multiplied by the Exchange Ratio (provided that any fractional
share resulting from such multiplication shall be rounded down to the nearest
whole share). The terms and conditions of the Converted Option shall
otherwise remain the same as the terms and conditions of the Company Stock
Option, except that the exercise price per share of each Converted
Option shall equal the exercise price per share of such Company Stock Option
divided by the Exchange Ratio (provided that such exercise price shall be
rounded up to the nearest whole cent). Purchaser shall take all corporate
action necessary to reserve for issuance a sufficient number of shares of
Purchaser Common Stock for delivery upon exercise of the Converted Options.
Purchaser shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the registration of
the shares of Purchaser Common Stock subject to the Converted Options to
become effective as part of the Form S-4 or a registration statement on Form
S-8, on the same date as the Form S-4 is declared effective; and, thereafter,
Purchaser shall file one or more registration statements on appropriate forms
with respect to shares of Purchaser Common Stock subject to the Converted
Options and shall use its reasonable best efforts to maintain
the effectiveness of such registration statement or registration statements
for so long as the Converted Options remain outstanding. Company and
Purchaser shall take all such steps as may be required to cause the
transactions contemplated by this Section 1.11 and any other dispositions of
Company equity securities (including derivative securities) or acquisitions
of Purchaser equity securities (including derivative securities)
in connection with this Agreement by each individual who (i) is a director
or officer of Company or (ii) at the Effective Time will become a director or
officer of Purchaser to become exempt under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the
Exchange Act. As soon as practicable after the Effective Time, Purchaser
shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each holder of Converted Options
an appropriate notice setting forth such holder\'s rights pursuant to the
Company Stock Option Plan and agreements evidencing the grants of such
Converted Options, after giving effect to the transactions hereunder.  
1.12. Certain Adjustments. If, between the date of this Agreement and the
Effective Time, the outstanding Purchaser Common Stock or Company Common
Stock shall have been changed into a different number of shares or different
class by reason of any reclassification, recapitalization, stock split,
split-up, combination or exchange of shares or a stock dividend or dividend
payable in any other securities shall be declared with a record date within
such period, or any similar event shall have occurred, the
Merger Consideration shall be appropriately adjusted to provide to
the holders of Company Common Stock the same economic effect as contemplated
by this Agreement prior to such event.   1.13. Headquarters. From and after
the Effective Time, the headquarters of Blue Cross and Blue Shield of
Missouri shall be located in the State of Missouri. From the Effective Time
to the earlier of the date two years thereafter or a change of control of
Purchaser or the Surviving Corporation, the headquarters and the
principal executive offices of Purchaser\'s central U.S. business
region (which consists of the states of Arkansas, Illinois, Iowa, Indiana,
Kansas, Kentucky, Michigan, Missouri, Ohio, West Virginia and Wisconsin) (the
"Central Business Region") shall be located in the state of Missouri. For the
purposes of this Section 1.13, a "change of control" shall occur as a result
of any transaction in which the stockholders of Purchaser or Surviving
Corporation, as applicable, immediately prior to such transaction do not own,
directly or indirectly, at least 80% of Purchaser or Surviving Corporation,
as applicable, immediately after such transaction.    ARTICLE II 
EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES   2.1. Exchange Fund. Purchaser shall deposit with
the Exchange Agent, in trust for the benefit of holders of shares of Company
Common Stock, at or prior to the Effective Time, (i)
certificates representing the Purchaser Common Stock issuable pursuant
to Section 1.8 in exchange for outstanding shares of Company Common Stock
and (ii) cash sufficient to pay the cash portion of the Merger Consideration.
Purchaser agrees to make available to the Exchange Agent from time to time as
needed, additional cash sufficient to pay cash in lieu of fractional shares
pursuant to Section 2.5 and any dividends and other distributions pursuant
to Section 2.3. Any cash and certificates of Purchaser Common
Stock deposited with the Exchange Agent shall hereinafter be referred to as
the "Exchange Fund."   2.2. Exchange Procedures. Within five Business Days
after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall cause the Exchange
Agent to mail to each holder of a Company Certificate who has not
surrendered the Company Certificate representing all of the shares of
Company Common Stock owned by such holder pursuant to Section 1.9 (i)
a letter of transmittal which shall specify that delivery shall be effected,
and risk of loss and title to the Company Certificates shall pass, only upon
delivery of the Company Certificates to the Exchange Agent, and which letter
shall be in customary form and have such other provisions as Purchaser may
reasonably specify and (ii) instructions for effecting the surrender of such
Company Certificates in exchange for the applicable Merger
Consideration. Upon surrender of a Company Certificate to the Exchange
Agent together with such letter of transmittal, duly executed and completed
in accordance with the instructions thereto, and such other documents as may
reasonably be required by the Exchange Agent, the holder of such Company
Certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor (A) one or more
shares of Purchaser Common Stock (which shall be in uncertificated book-
entry form unless a physical certificate is requested) representing, in the
aggregate, the whole number of shares that such holder has the right to
receive pursuant to Sections 1.8 and 1.10 (after taking into account all
shares of Company Common Stock then held by such holder) and (B) a check for
the cash portion of the Merger Consideration (subject to the
proration provisions of Section 1.10) and for the cash that such holder
has the right to receive pursuant to the provisions of this Article II,
including cash in lieu of any fractional shares of Purchaser Common Stock
pursuant to Section 2.5 and dividends and other distributions pursuant to
Section 2.3. No interest will be paid or will accrue on any cash payable for
the cash portion of the Merger Consideration or pursuant to Section 2.3 or
Section 2.5. In the event of a transfer of ownership of Company Common
Stock which is not registered in the transfer records of Company, one or
more shares of Purchaser Common Stock evidencing, in the aggregate, the
proper number of shares of Purchaser Common Stock and a check for the cash
portion of the Merger Consideration, the cash in lieu of any fractional
shares of Purchaser Common Stock pursuant to Section 2.5 and any dividends or
other distributions to which such holder is entitled pursuant to Section 2.3,
may be issued with respect to such Company Common Stock to such a transferee
if the Company Certificate representing such shares of Company Common Stock
is presented to the Exchange Agent, accompanied by all documents required to
evidence and effect such transfer and to evidence that any applicable stock
transfer taxes have been paid. Persons who have made an effective Cash
Election as provided in Sections 1.9 and 1.10 and surrendered
Company Certificates as provided therein shall be treated as if they
have properly surrendered Company Certificates together with the letter of
transmittal pursuant to this Section 2.2.   2.3. Distributions with Respect
to Unexchanged Shares. No dividends or other distributions declared or
made with respect to shares of Purchaser Common Stock with a record date
after the Effective Time shall be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered
Company Certificate with respect to the shares of Purchaser Common Stock that
such holder would be entitled to receive upon surrender of such Company
Certificate until such holder shall surrender such Company Certificate in
accordance with Section 2.2. Subject to the effect of applicable
laws, following surrender of any such Company Certificate, there shall be
paid to such holder of shares of Purchaser Common Stock issuable in exchange
therefor, without interest, (a) promptly after the time of such surrender,
the amount of dividends or other distributions with a record date after the
Effective Time but prior to such surrender and a payment date prior to
such surrender payable with respect to such shares of Purchaser Common Stock
and (b) at the appropriate payment date, the amount of dividends or other
distributions with a record date after the Effective Time but prior to such
surrender and a payment date subsequent to such surrender payable with
respect to such shares of Purchaser Common Stock.   2.4. No Further
Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock. All shares of Purchaser Common
Stock issued and cash paid upon conversion of shares of Company Common Stock
in accordance with the terms of Article I and this Article II (including any
cash paid pursuant to Section 2.3 or 2.5) shall be deemed to have been issued
or paid in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to the shares of
Company Common Stock. Until surrendered as contemplated by this Article II,
each Company Certificate shall be deemed at any time after the Effective
Time to represent only the right to receive upon such surrender the Merger
Consideration.   2.5. No Fractional Shares of Purchaser Common Stock.  
(a) No certificates or scrip or shares of Purchaser Common Stock representing
fractional shares of Purchaser Common Stock or book-entry credit of the same
shall be issued upon the surrender for exchange of Company Certificates and
such fractional share interests will not entitle the owner thereof to vote or
to have any rights of a stockholder of Purchaser or a holder of shares
of Purchaser Common Stock.   (b) Notwithstanding any other provision of
this Agreement, each holder of shares of Company Common Stock exchanged
pursuant to the Merger who would otherwise have been entitled to receive
a fraction of a share of Purchaser Common Stock (after taking into account
all Company Certificates delivered by such holder) shall receive, in lieu
thereof, cash (without interest) in an amount equal to the product of (i)
such fractional part of a share of Purchaser Common Stock multiplied by (ii)
the closing price for a share of Purchaser Common Stock on the New York Stock
Exchange, Inc. ("NYSE") Composite Transactions Tape on the date of
the Effective Time or, if such date is not a Business Day, the Business Day
immediately following the date on which the Effective Time occurs. As
promptly as practicable after the determination of the amount of cash, if
any, to be paid to holders of fractional interests, the Exchange Agent shall
so notify Purchaser, and Purchaser shall cause the Surviving Corporation to
deposit such amount with the Exchange Agent and shall cause the Exchange
Agent to forward payments to such holders of fractional interests subject to
and in accordance with the terms hereof.   2.6. Termination of Exchange
Fund. Any portion of the Exchange Fund which remains undistributed to the
holders of Company Certificates for six months after the Effective Time shall
be delivered to Purchaser or otherwise on the instruction of Purchaser and
any holders of the Company Certificates who have not theretofore complied
with this Article II shall thereafter look only to the Surviving Corporation
and Purchaser for the Merger Consideration with respect to the shares of
Company Common Stock formerly represented thereby to which such holders are
entitled pursuant to Section 1.8 and Section 2.2, any cash in lieu of
fractional shares of Purchaser Common Stock to which such holders
are entitled pursuant to Section 2.5 and any dividends or distributions with
respect to shares of Purchaser Common Stock to which such holders are
entitled pursuant to Section 2.3. Any such portion of the Exchange Fund
remaining unclaimed by holders of shares of Company Common Stock five years
after the Effective Time (or such earlier date immediately prior to such time
as such amounts would otherwise escheat to or become property of
any Governmental Entity (as defined in Section 3.1(c)(iii)) shall, to the
extent permitted by law, become the property of Purchaser free and clear of
any claims or interest of any Person previously entitled thereto.   2.7. No
Liability. None of Purchaser, Merger Sub, Company, the Surviving Corporation
or the Exchange Agent shall be liable to any Person in respect of any Merger
Consideration from the Exchange Fund delivered to a public official pursuant
to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law.   2.8.
Investment of the Exchange Fund. The Exchange Agent shall invest any cash
included in the Exchange Fund as directed by Purchaser on a daily basis. Any
interest and other income resulting from such investments shall promptly be
paid to Purchaser.   2.9. Lost Certificates. If any Company Certificate
shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of
that fact by the Person claiming such Company Certificate to be lost, stolen
or destroyed and, if required by the Surviving Corporation, the posting by
such Person of a bond in such reasonable amount as the Surviving Corporation
may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against it
with respect to such Company Certificate, the Exchange Agent will deliver in
exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Company Certificate the
applicable Merger Consideration with respect to the shares of Company Common
Stock formerly represented thereby, any cash in lieu of fractional shares of
Purchaser Common Stock, and unpaid dividends and distributions on shares of
Purchaser Common Stock deliverable in respect thereof, pursuant to
this Agreement.   2.10. Withholding Rights. Each of the Surviving
Corporation and Purchaser shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the
consideration otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement to any holder
of shares of Company Common Stock such amounts as it is required to deduct
and withhold with respect to the making of such payment under the Code and
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or any provision of state,
local or foreign tax law. To the extent that amounts are so withheld by the
Surviving Corporation or Purchaser, as the case may be, such
withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement
as having been paid to the holder of the shares of Company Common Stock in
respect of which such deduction and withholding was made by the Surviving
Corporation or Purchaser, as the case may be, and such amounts shall be
delivered by the Surviving Corporation or Purchaser, as the case may be, to
the applicable Taxing authority.   2.11. Further Assurances. At and after
the Effective Time, the officers and directors of the Surviving Corporation
will be authorized to execute and deliver, in the name and on behalf of
Company or Merger Sub, any deeds, bills of sale, assignments or
assurances and to take and do, in the name and on behalf of Company
or Merger Sub, any other actions and things to vest, perfect or confirm of
record or otherwise in the Surviving Corporation any and all right, title and
interest in, to and under any of the rights, properties or assets acquired or
to be acquired by the Surviving Corporation as a result of, or in connection
with, the Merger.   2.12. Stock Transfer Books. The stock transfer books of
Company shall be closed immediately upon the Effective Time and there shall
be no further registration of transfers of shares of Company Common
Stock thereafter on the records of Company. On or after the Effective Time,
any Company Certificates presented to the Exchange Agent or Purchaser for any
reason shall be converted into the Merger Consideration with respect to the
shares of Company Common Stock formerly represented thereby, any cash in lieu
of fractional shares of Purchaser Common Stock to which the holders thereof
are entitled pursuant to Section 2.5 and any dividends or
other distributions to which the holders thereof are entitled pursuant to
Section 2.3.    ARTICLE III  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES   3.1.
Representations and Warranties of Purchaser. Except as set forth in the
Purchaser Disclosure Schedule delivered by Purchaser to Company prior to the
execution of this Agreement (the "Purchaser Disclosure Schedule") (each
section of which qualifies the correspondingly numbered representation and
warranty or covenant to the extent specified therein), Purchaser represents
and warrants to Company as follows:   (a) Organization, Standing and Power;
Subsidiaries.   Each of Purchaser and each of its Subsidiaries (as defined
in Section 8.11) is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in
good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or
organization, has the requisite power and authority to own, lease and operate
its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted, except
where the failure to be so organized, existing and in good standing or to
have such power and authority would not reasonably be expected to have
a material adverse effect on Purchaser\'s ability to consummate the Merger
(a "Purchaser Material Adverse Effect"), and is duly qualified and in good
standing to do business in each jurisdiction in which the nature of its
business or the ownership or leasing of its properties makes such
qualification necessary, other than in such jurisdictions where the failure
so to qualify or to be in good standing would not reasonably be expected
to have a Purchaser Material Adverse Effect. The copies of the certificate
of incorporation and by-laws of Purchaser which were previously furnished or
made available to Company are true, complete and correct copies of such
documents as in effect on the date of this Agreement.   (b) Capital
Structure.   (i) The authorized capital stock of Purchaser consists of
(A) 300,000,000 shares of Purchaser Common Stock of which 63,722,810 shares
were issued and outstanding as of the date hereof and (B) 50,000,000 shares
of Preferred Stock, $.01 par value per share, none of which were outstanding.
Since December 31, 2000 to the date of this Agreement, there have been no
issuances of shares of the capital stock of Purchaser or any other securities
of Purchaser other than issuances of shares pursuant to options or rights
outstanding as of December 31, 2000 under the Benefit Plans (as defined in
Section 8.11) of Purchaser. All issued and outstanding shares of the capital
stock of Purchaser are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable, and no class of capital stock is entitled to preemptive
rights. There were outstanding as of December 31, 2000 no options, warrants
or other rights to acquire capital stock from Purchaser other than options,
restricted stock and share equivalents representing in the aggregate the
right to purchase no more than 6,841,078 shares of Purchaser Common Stock.
All shares of Purchaser Common Stock to be issued in connection with the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby (including without
limitation all shares of Purchaser Common Stock to be issued upon
exercise of the Converted Options) will, when issued in accordance with the
terms hereof, have been duly authorized, validly issued, full paid and non-
assessable, free and clear of all Liens. As of the date hereof, there are no
stockholder agreements, voting trusts or other agreements or understandings
to which the Purchaser is a party or by which it is bound relating to the
voting of any shares of the capital stock of the Purchaser.   (c)
Authority, No Conflicts.   (i) Purchaser has all requisite corporate power
and authority to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, the
issuance of the shares of Purchaser Common Stock to be issued in the Merger
and upon the exercise of Converted Options (the "Share Issuance"). The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action on the part of Purchaser. This Agreement has been duly
executed and delivered by Purchaser and, assuming that this Agreement
constitutes the valid and binding agreement of Company, constitutes a valid
and binding agreement of Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance
with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws relating to or
affecting creditors generally or by general equity principles (regardless of
whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at
law) or by an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing.   (ii) The
execution and delivery of this Agreement by Purchaser does not or will not,
as the case may be, and the consummation by Purchaser of the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated hereby will not, conflict with, or result in
any violation of, or constitute a default (with or without notice or lapse of
time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of termination,
amendment, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation or the loss of
a material benefit under, or the creation of a Lien on any assets (any such
conflict, violation, default, right of termination, amendment, cancellation
or acceleration, loss or creation, is hereinafter referred to as a
"Violation") pursuant to: (A) any provision of the certificate of
incorporation or by-laws of Purchaser or any material Subsidiary of Purchaser
or (B) except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Purchaser
Material Adverse Effect, subject to obtaining or making the
consents, approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations and
filings referred to in paragraph (iii) below, any loan or credit agreement,
note, mortgage, bond, indenture, lease, benefit plan or other agreement,
obligation, instrument, permit, concession, franchise, license, judgment,
order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to
Purchaser or any Subsidiary of Purchaser, or their respective properties
or assets.   (iii) No consent, approval, order or authorization of,
or registration, declaration or filing with, any supranational, national,
state, municipal, local or foreign government, any instrumentality,
subdivision, court, administrative agency or commission or other authority
thereof, or any quasi-governmental or private body exercising any regulatory,
taxing, importing or other governmental or quasi-governmental authority
(a "Governmental Entity"), is required by or with respect to Purchaser or
any Subsidiary of Purchaser in connection with the execution and delivery of
this Agreement by Purchaser or Merger Sub or the consummation of the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated hereby, except for those required
under or in relation to (A) the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements
Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act"), (B) state securities or "blue sky"
laws (the "Blue Sky Laws"), (C) the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the "Securities Act"), (D)
the Exchange Act; (E) the DGCL with respect to the filing of the Certificate
of Merger, (F) rules and regulations of the NYSE, (G) the Missouri Department
of Insurance and the insurance regulators in the state of Illinois and (H)
such consents, approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations
and filings the failure of which to make or obtain would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Purchaser. Consents,
approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations and
filings required under or in relation to any of the foregoing clauses
(A) through (G) are hereinafter referred to as "Necessary Consents."   (d)
Reports and Financial Statements.   (i) Purchaser has filed all required
registration statements, prospectuses, reports, schedules, forms, statements
and other documents required to be filed by it with the SEC since January 1,
1999 (collectively, including all exhibits thereto, the "Purchaser SEC
Reports"). No Subsidiary of Purchaser is required to file any form, report,
registration statement, prospectus or other document with the SEC. None of
the Purchaser SEC Reports, as of their respective dates (and, if amended or
superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement or the Closing
Date, then on the date of such filing), contained or will contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omitted or will omit to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The
Purchaser SEC Reports, and any public announcements in a news release made
by Purchaser after the date hereof, as of the date of filing
or announcement, as applicable, will not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances,
not misleading. Each of the financial statements (including the related
notes) included in the Purchaser SEC Reports presents fairly, in all
material respects, the consolidated financial position and
consolidated results of operations and cash flows of Purchaser and
its Subsidiaries as of the respective dates or for the respective periods
set forth therein, all in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles ("GAAP") applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods
involved except as otherwise noted therein, and subject, in the case of the
unaudited interim financial statements, to normal and recurring adjustments
that were not or are not expected to be material in amount, and lack of
footnote disclosure. All of such Purchaser SEC Reports, as of their
respective dates (and as of the date of any amendment to the respective
Purchaser SEC Report), complied as to form in all material respects with the
applicable requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.   (ii) Except as disclosed in
the Purchaser SEC Reports filed prior to the date hereof, Purchaser and its
Subsidiaries have not incurred any liabilities or obligations (whether or not
accrued, contingent or otherwise) that are of a nature that would
be required to be disclosed on a balance sheet of Purchaser and
its Subsidiaries or the footnotes thereto prepared in conformity with GAAP,
other than (A) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business or (B)
liabilities that would not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect on Purchaser.   (e) Information Supplied.   (i)
None of the information supplied or to be supplied by Purchaser or Merger Sub
for inclusion or incorporation by reference in (A) the registration statement
on Form S-4 to be filed with the SEC by Purchaser in connection with the
issuance of shares of Purchaser Common Stock in connection with the Merger,
or any of the amendments or supplements thereto (collectively, the "Form
S-4") will, at the time the Form S-4 is filed with the SEC, at any time it is
amended or supplemented or at the time it becomes effective under the
Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein not misleading, and (B) the proxy statement for use
relating to the adoption by the stockholders of Company of this Agreement or
any of the amendments or supplements thereto (collectively, the "Proxy
Statement") will, on the date it is first mailed to Company stockholders or
at the time of the Company Stockholders Meeting (as defined in Section 5.1),
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to
make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading. The Form S-4 will comply as to form in all
material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the
Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder.   (ii)
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.2(e), no
representation or warranty is made by Purchaser with respect to statements
made or incorporated by reference in the Form S-4 based on information
supplied by Company.   (f) Board Approval. The Board of Directors of
Purchaser, by resolutions duly adopted by unanimous vote at a meeting
duly called and held and not subsequently rescinded or modified in any way
(the "Purchaser Board Approval"), has duly approved this Agreement, the
Merger and the Share Issuance.   (g) Brokers or Finders. No agent, broker,
investment banker, financial advisor or other firm or Person is or will be
entitled to any broker\'s or finder\'s fee or any other similar
commission or fee in connection with any of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, based upon arrangements made by or on behalf
of Purchaser, except Merrill Lynch and Co. Incorporated (the "Purchaser
Financial Advisor"), whose fees and expenses will be paid by Purchaser in
accordance with Purchaser\'s agreement with such firm.   (h) Company Stock.
Neither Purchaser nor any of its Subsidiaries (including Merger Sub) is, nor
at any time during the last three years has any of such been, an
"interested stockholder" of Company as defined in Section 203 of the
DGCL. Neither Purchaser nor any of its Subsidiaries (including Merger Sub)
owns, (directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record) and none of them
is, a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose of
acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of, in each case, any shares of
capital stock of Company (other than as contemplated by this Agreement).  
(i) No Vote Required. No vote, consent or other action of the stockholders of
Purchaser is required by law, Purchaser\'s certificate of incorporation or
by-laws or otherwise in order for Purchaser and Merger Sub to consummate the
Merger and the transactions contemplated hereby.   (j) Litigation,
Compliance with Laws.  (i) Except as disclosed in the Purchaser SEC Reports
filed prior to the date of this Agreement, there is no suit,
action, investigation or proceeding pending or, to the Knowledge
of Purchaser, threatened, against or affecting Purchaser or any Subsidiary
of Purchaser having, or which would reasonably be expected to have, a
Material Adverse Effect on Purchaser, nor is there any judgment, decree,
injunction, rule or order of any Governmental Entity or arbitrator
outstanding against Purchaser or any Subsidiary of Purchaser having, or which
reasonably would be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect on
Purchaser.   (ii) Except as disclosed in the Purchaser SEC Reports filed
prior to the date of the Agreement and except as would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Purchaser, Purchaser and its
Subsidiaries hold all permits, licenses, variances, exemptions, orders and
approvals of all Governmental Entities necessary for the operation of the
businesses of Purchaser and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (the
"Purchaser Permits"). Purchaser and its Subsidiaries are in compliance
with the terms of the Purchaser Permits, except where the failure to so
comply would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
Purchaser. Except as disclosed in the Purchaser SEC Reports filed prior to
the date of this Agreement, the businesses of Purchaser and its Subsidiaries
are not being conducted in violation of, and Purchaser has not received
any notices of violations with respect to, any law, ordinance or regulation
of any Governmental Entity, except for possible violations which would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Purchaser.  
(iii) Purchaser is in compliance in all material respects with all rules and
regulations of the BCBSA.   (k) Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Except
for liabilities incurred in connection with this Agreement or
the transactions contemplated hereby and except as disclosed in
the Purchaser SEC Reports filed prior to the date of this Agreement, since
December 31, 2000, there has not been any change, circumstance or event which
has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect
on Purchaser.   3.2. Representations and Warranties of Company. Except as
set forth in the Company Disclosure Schedule delivered by Company to
Purchaser prior to the execution of this Agreement (the "Company Disclosure
Schedule") (each section of which qualifies the correspondingly
numbered representation and warranty or covenant to the extent
specified therein), Company represents and warrants to Purchaser
as follows:   (a) Organization, Standing and Power; Subsidiaries.   (i)
Each of Company and each of its Subsidiaries is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization, has the requisite power and authority to own,
lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as now being
conducted, except where the failure to be so organized, existing and in good
standing or to have such power and authority would not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect on Company, and is duly qualified and in
good standing to do business in each jurisdiction in which the nature of
its business or the ownership or leasing of its properties makes
such qualification necessary, other than in such jurisdictions where the
failure so to qualify or to be in good standing would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Company. The copies of the
certificate of incorporation and by-laws of Company which were previously
furnished or made available to Purchaser are true, complete and correct
copies of such documents as in effect on the date of this Agreement.   (ii)
Section 3.2 of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists all the Subsidiaries of
Company which as of the date of this Agreement are Significant Subsidiaries
(as defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X of the SEC). All the outstanding
shares of capital stock of, or other equity interests in, each such
Significant Subsidiary have been validly issued and are fully paid
and nonassessable and are owned directly or indirectly by Company, free and
clear of all Liens and free of any other restriction (including any
restriction on the right to vote, sell or otherwise dispose of such capital
stock or other ownership interests). Except as set forth in the Company SEC
Reports (as defined in Section 3.2(d)), neither Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries directly or indirectly owns any equity or similar interest
in, or any interest convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, any
corporation, partnership, joint venture or other business association or
entity, that is or would reasonably be expected to be material to Company and
its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.   (b) Capital Structure.   (i) The
authorized capital stock of Company consists of (A) 225,000,000 shares of
Company Common Stock, of which 19,567,940 shares were outstanding as of the
date hereof, and (B) 25,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value
per share, of which no shares are outstanding. Since December 31, 2000 to the
date of this Agreement, there have been no issuances of shares of
the capital stock of Company or any other securities of Company other than
issuances of shares pursuant to Company Stock Options outstanding as of
December 31, 2000 under the Company Stock Option Plans. All issued and
outstanding shares of the capital stock of Company are duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and no capital stock is
entitled to preemptive rights. There were outstanding as of the date hereof
no options, warrants or other rights to acquire capital stock from
Company other than Company Stock Options representing in the aggregate the
right to purchase no more than 980,405 shares of Company Common Stock under
the Company Stock Option Plans. Section 3.2(b) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule sets forth a complete and correct list, as of the date hereof, of
the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to Company Stock Options
or other rights to purchase or receive Company Common Stock granted
under the Company Stock Option Plans or otherwise, the dates of grant and
the exercise prices thereof. No options or warrants or other rights to
acquire capital stock from Company have been issued or granted since December
31, 2000 to the date of this Agreement.   (ii) No bonds, debentures, notes
or other indebtedness of Company having the right to vote on any matters on
which stockholders may vote are issued or outstanding.   (iii) Except as
otherwise set forth in this Section 3.2(b), as of the date of this Agreement,
there are no securities, options, warrants, calls, rights, commitments,
agreements, arrangements or undertakings of any kind to which Company or
any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them is
bound obligating Company or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, deliver or
sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, additional shares of capital
stock or other voting securities of Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
obligating Company or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, grant, extend or
enter into any such security, option, warrant, call, right, commitment,
agreement, arrangement or undertaking. As of the date of this
Agreement, there are no outstanding obligations of Company or any of
its Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of
capital stock of Company or any of its Subsidiaries.   (c) Authority; No
Conflicts.   (i) Company has all requisite corporate power and authority
to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby, subject in the case of the consummation of the Merger to the adoption
of this Agreement and the Certificate of Incorporation Amendment by the
Required Company Vote (as defined in Section 3.2(h)). The execution and
delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action on the part of Company, subject in the case of
the consummation of the Merger to the adoption of this Agreement and the
Certificate of Incorporation Amendment by the Required Company Vote. This
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Company and, assuming that
this Agreement constitutes the valid and binding agreement of Purchaser and
Merger Sub, constitutes a valid and binding agreement of Company,
enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as
such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws relating to
or affecting creditors generally or by general equity principles (regardless
of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at
law) or by an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing.   (ii) The
execution and delivery of this Agreement by Company does not or will not, as
the case may be, and the consummation by Company of the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby will not, conflict with, or result in a
Violation pursuant to: (A) any provision of the certificate of incorporation
or by-laws of Company or any Subsidiary of Company (except as provided
herein with respect to the Certificate of Incorporation Amendment) or (B)
subject to obtaining or making the consents, approvals, orders,
authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings referred to in
paragraph (iii) below, any loan or credit agreement, note, mortgage, bond,
indenture, lease, benefit plan or other agreement, obligation, instrument,
permit, concession, franchise, license, judgment, order, decree,
statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to Company or
any Subsidiary of Company or their respective properties or assets.   (iii)
No consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration, declaration
or filing with, any Governmental Entity is required by or with respect to
Company or any Subsidiary of Company in connection with the execution and
delivery of this Agreement by Company or the consummation of the Merger and
the other transactions contemplated hereby, except the Necessary Consents
and such consents, approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations,
declarations and filings the failure of which to make or obtain would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Company.   (d)
Reports and Financial Statements.   (i) Company has filed all required
registration statements, prospectuses, reports, schedules, forms, statements
and other documents required to be filed by it with the SEC since January 1,
1999 (collectively, including all exhibits thereto, the "Company SEC
Reports"). No Subsidiary of Company is required to file any form, report,
registration statement or prospectus or other document with the SEC. None of
the Company SEC Reports, as of their respective dates (and, if amended or
superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement or the Closing
Date, then on the date of such filing), contained or will contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omitted or will omit to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The
Company SEC Reports and any public announcements made by Company after
the date hereof as of the date of filing or announcement, as applicable,
will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances, not misleading. Each of
the financial statements (including the related notes) included in the
Company SEC Reports presents fairly, in all material respects,
the consolidated financial position and consolidated results of operations
and cash flows of Company and its Subsidiaries as of the respective dates or
for the respective periods set forth therein, all in conformity with GAAP
applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved except as
otherwise noted therein, and subject, in the case of the unaudited
interim financial statements, to normal and recurring adjustments that were
not or are not expected to be material in amount, and lack of footnote
disclosure. All of such Company SEC Reports, as of their respective dates
(and as of the date of any amendment to the respective Company SEC Report),
complied as to form in all material respects with the applicable requirements
of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder.   (ii) Except as disclosed in the
Company SEC Reports filed prior to the date hereof, Company and its
Subsidiaries have not incurred any liabilities or obligations (whether or not
accrued, contingent or otherwise) that are of a nature that would
be required to be disclosed on a balance sheet of Company and
its Subsidiaries or the footnotes thereto prepared in conformity with GAAP,
other than (A) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business or (B)
liabilities that would not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect on Company.   (e) Reserves. The loss reserves and
other actuarial amounts of Company and its Subsidiaries recorded in their
respective financial statements contained in the Company SEC Reports and
all statutory reports as of December 31, 2000 and June 30, 2001 (i) were
determined in accordance with generally accepted actuarial standards
consistently applied (except as otherwise noted in such financial
statements), (ii) were fairly stated in all material respects in accordance
with sound actuarial principles, (iii) satisfied all applicable Laws and the
requirements of the BCBSA in all material respects and have been computed on
the basis of methodologies consistent with those used in computing
the corresponding reserves in the prior fiscal years and (iv)
include provisions for all actuarial reserves and related items which ought
to be established in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and
prudent insurance practices. Company is not aware of any facts or
circumstances which would necessitate, in the good faith application of
prudent reserving practices and policies, any material adverse change in the
statutorily required reserves or reserves above those reflected in the most
recent balance sheet (other than increases consistent with past experience
resulting from increases in enrollment with respect to services provided by
the Company or its Subsidiaries). The capital and surplus for Company on a
consolidated basis is now, and immediately prior to the Closing will be, not
less than 200% of the authorized control level as defined in NAIC Risk-
Based Capital Guidelines required by applicable law.   (f) Information
Supplied.   (i) None of the information supplied or to be supplied
by Company for inclusion or incorporation by reference in (A) the Form S-4
will, at the time the Form S-4 is filed with the SEC, at any time it is
amended or supplemented or at the time it becomes effective under the
Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein not misleading, and (B) the Proxy Statement will, on
the date it is first mailed to Company stockholders or at the time of
the Company Stockholders Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Proxy Statement
will comply as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the
Exchange Act and the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC
thereunder.   (ii) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this
Section 3.2(f), no representation or warranty is made by Company
with respect to statements made or incorporated by reference in the Form S-4
or the Proxy Statement based on information supplied by Purchaser or Merger
Sub.   (g) Board Approval. The Board of Directors of Company, by
resolutions duly adopted by vote of those voting at a meeting duly called
and held and not subsequently rescinded or modified in any way (the "Company
Board Approval"), has duly (i) determined that this Agreement and the Merger
are advisable, fair to and in the best interests of Company and its
stockholders, and (ii) approved this Agreement, the Merger, the Certificate
of Incorporation Amendment and, for the purposes of Section 203 of the DGCL,
the Voting and Lockup Agreement referred to in the fifth Whereas clause
hereof. No state takeover statute or other similar statute is applicable to
the Merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby.   (h) Vote
Required. The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares of Company Common Stock to approve the Merger and the
affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of Company Common
Stock to approve the Certificate of Incorporation Amendment (the "Required
Company Vote") is the only vote of the holders of any class or series
of Company capital stock necessary to adopt this Agreement and approve the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby.   (i) Litigation,
Compliance with Laws.   (i) Except as disclosed in the Company SEC Reports
filed prior to the date of this Agreement, there is no suit,
action, investigation or proceeding pending or, to the Knowledge of Company,
threatened, against or affecting Company or any Subsidiary of Company having,
or which would reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect on
Company, nor is there any judgment, decree, injunction, rule or order of
any Governmental Entity or arbitrator outstanding against Company or any
Subsidiary of Company having, or which reasonably would be expected to have,
a Material Adverse Effect on Company.   (ii) Except as disclosed in the
Company SEC Reports filed prior to the date of the Agreement and except as
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
Company, Company and its Subsidiaries hold all permits, licenses,
variances, exemptions, orders and approvals of all Governmental
Entities necessary for the operation of the businesses of Company and
its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (the "Company Permits"). Company and its
Subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms of the Company Permits, except
where the failure to so comply would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on Company. Except as disclosed in the Company SEC
Reports filed prior to the date of this Agreement, the businesses of
Company and its Subsidiaries are not being conducted in violation of,
and Company has not received any notices of violations with respect to, any
law, ordinance or regulation of any Governmental Entity, except for possible
violations which would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on Company.   (iii) Company is in compliance in all material respects
with all rules and regulations of the BCBSA.   (j) Absence of Certain
Changes or Events. Except for liabilities incurred in connection with this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby and except as disclosed in
the Company SEC Reports filed prior to the date of this Agreement, since
December 31, 2000, Company and its Subsidiaries have conducted
their business only in the ordinary course and there has not been (i) any
change, circumstance or event which has had, or would reasonably be expected
to have, a Material Adverse Effect on Company or (ii) any action taken by
Company or any of its Subsidiaries during the period from December 31, 2000
through the date of this Agreement that, if taken during the period from
the date of this Agreement through the Effective Time, would
have constituted a breach of Section 4.1.   (k) Environmental Matters.
Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
on Company, (i) the operations of Company and its Subsidiaries have been and
are in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws and with
all Environmental Permits, (ii) there are no pending or, to the Knowledge of
Company, threatened, actions, suits, claims, investigations or other
proceedings under or pursuant to Environmental Laws against Company or its
Subsidiaries or, to the Knowledge of Company, involving any real property
currently or formerly owned, operated or leased by Company or
its Subsidiaries, (iii) Company and its Subsidiaries are not subject to any
Environmental Liabilities and, to the Knowledge of Company, no facts,
circumstances or conditions relating to, arising from, associated with or
attributable to any real property currently or formerly owned, operated or
leased by Company or its Subsidiaries or operations thereon would reasonably
be expected to result in Environmental Liabilities, (iv) all real property
owned and all real property operated or leased by Company or its Subsidiaries
is free of Hazardous Materials in conditions and concentrations that would
reasonably be expected to have an adverse effect on human health or
the environment and none of Company or any of its Subsidiaries has disposed
of any Hazardous Materials on or about such premises, (v) no release,
discharge, spillage or disposal of any Hazardous Material and no soil, water
or air contamination by any Hazardous Material has occurred or is occurring
in, from or on such premises the result of which would have a Material
Adverse Effect on Company, and (vi) Company has provided to Purchaser
all Environmental Reports prepared or dated since January 1, 1991, and any
prior material Environmental Reports in the possession or control of Company
or any of its Subsidiaries.   As used in this Agreement, "Environmental
Laws" means any and all laws, rules, orders, regulations,
statutes, ordinances, guidelines, codes, decrees, or other
legally enforceable requirements (including, without limitation, common law)
of any international authority, foreign government, the United States, or any
state, local, municipal or other Governmental Entity, regulating, relating to
or imposing liability or standards of conduct concerning protection of
the environment or of human health, including without limitation
the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, 42
U.S.C. 9601 et seq., the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C.
1801 et seq., the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. 6901 et
seq., the Clean Water Act, 33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq., the Clean Air Act,
42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq., the Toxic Substances Control Act, 15 U.S.C. 2601 et
seq., the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act, 7 U.S.C., 136
et seq. and the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, 33 U.S.C. 2701 et seq., as such
laws have been amended or supplemented, and the regulations promulgated
pursuant thereto, and all analogous state or local statutes. As used in this
Agreement, "Environmental Liabilities" with respect to any person means any
and all liabilities of or relating to such person or any of its Subsidiaries
(including any entity which is, in whole or in part, a predecessor of such
person or any of such Subsidiaries), whether vested or unvested, contingent
or fixed, actual or potential, known or unknown, which (i) arise
under applicable Environmental Laws or with respect to Hazardous Materials,
and (ii) relate to actions occurring or conditions existing, on or prior to
the Closing Date. As used in this Agreement, "Environmental Permits" means
any and all permits, consents, licenses, approvals, registrations,
notifications, exemptions and any other authorization required under
any applicable Environmental Law. As used in this Agreement, "Environmental
Report" means any report, study, assessment, audit, or other similar document
that addresses any issue of noncompliance with, or liability under, any
Environmental Law that may affect Company or any of its Subsidiaries. As used
in this Agreement, "Hazardous Materials" means any gasoline or petroleum
(including crude oil or any fraction thereof) or petroleum products,
polychlorinated biphenyls, urea-formaldehyde insulation, asbestos,
pollutants, contaminants, radioactivity, and any other substances of any
kind, whether or not any such substance is defined as hazardous or toxic
under any Environmental Law, that is regulated pursuant to or could
give rise to liability under any applicable Environmental Law.   (l)
Intellectual Property. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on Company, (a) Company and each of its Subsidiaries
owns, or is licensed to use (in each case, free and clear of any Liens), all
Intellectual Property used in or necessary for the conduct of its business
as currently conducted; (b) to the Knowledge of Company, the use of any
Intellectual Property by Company and its Subsidiaries does not infringe on or
otherwise violate the rights of any Person and is in accordance with any
applicable license pursuant to which Company or any Subsidiary acquired the
right to use any Intellectual Property; (c) to the Knowledge of Company, no
Person is challenging or infringing on or otherwise violating any right of
Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any Intellectual Property
owned by or licensed to Company or its Subsidiaries; and (d) neither Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice of any pending
claim with respect to any Intellectual Property used by Company and its
Subsidiaries and to the Knowledge of Company no Intellectual Property owned
or licensed by Company or its Subsidiaries is being used or enforced in a
manner that would result in the abandonment, cancellation or unenforceability
of such Intellectual Property.   For purposes of this Agreement,
"Intellectual Property" shall mean trademarks, service marks, brand names,
certification marks, trade dress and other indications of origin, the
goodwill associated with the foregoing and registrations in any jurisdiction
of, and applications in any jurisdiction to register, the foregoing,
including any extension, modification or renewal of any such registration or
application; inventions, discoveries and ideas, whether patentable or not, in
any jurisdiction; patents, applications for patents (including, without
limitation, divisions, continuations, continued prosecution applications,
continuations in part and renewal applications), and any renewals, extensions
or reissues thereof, in any jurisdiction; know-how, trade secrets and
confidential information and rights in any jurisdiction to limit the use
or disclosure thereof by any person; writings and other works, whether
copyrightable or not, in any jurisdiction; registrations or applications for
registration of copyrights in any jurisdiction, and any renewals or
extensions thereof; and any similar intellectual property or proprietary
rights.   (m) Brokers or Finders. No agent, broker, investment
banker, financial advisor or other firm or Person is or will be entitled to
any broker\'s or finder\'s fee or any other similar commission or fee in
connection with any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, based
upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Company, except UBS Warburg LLC
(the "Company Financial Advisor"), whose fees and expenses will be paid by
Company in accordance with Company\'s agreements with such firm, copies
of which have been provided to Purchaser.   (n) Taxes. Company and each of
its Subsidiaries (i) have prepared in good faith and duly and timely filed
(taking into account any extension of time within which to file) all
material Tax Returns (as defined below) required to be filed by any of them
and all such filed Tax Returns are complete and accurate in all material
respects; (ii) have paid all Taxes that are shown as due and payable on such
filed Tax Returns or that Company or any of its Subsidiaries are obligated to
pay without the filing of a Tax Return; (iii) have paid all other assessments
received to date in respect of Taxes other than those being contested in
good faith for which provision has been made in accordance with GAAP on the
most recent balance sheet included in Company\'s Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2000; (iv) have withheld from amounts owing
to any employee, creditor or other Person all Taxes required by law to be
withheld and have paid over to the proper governmental authority in a timely
manner all such withheld amounts to the extent due and payable; (v) have not
waived any applicable statute of limitations with respect to United States
federal or state income or franchise Taxes and have not otherwise agreed to
any extension of time with respect to a United States federal or state income
or franchise Tax assessment or deficiency; (vi) have never been members of
any consolidated group for income tax purposes other than the consolidated
group of which Company is the common parent (or in which Company\'s former
parent corporation was the common parent); and (vii) are not parties to any
tax sharing agreement or arrangement other than with each other. No liens for
Taxes exist with respect to any of the assets or properties of Company or its
Subsidiaries, except for statutory liens for Taxes not yet due or payable
or that are being contested in good faith. Company has made available to
Purchaser true and correct copies of the United States federal income Tax
Returns filed by Company and its Subsidiaries for each of the years ended
December 31, 1998 and 1999. There is no contract or agreement, plan or
arrangement by Company or its Subsidiaries covering any person
that, individually or collectively, could give rise to the payment of any
amount that would not be deductible by Company or its Subsidiaries by reason
of Section 280G of the Code or would constitute compensation in excess of the
limitation set forth in Section 162(m) of the Code. There are not being
conducted or, to the Knowledge of Company, threatened in writing any
material audits, examinations, investigations, litigation, or
other proceedings in respect of Taxes of Company or any
Subsidiary. Company\'s former parent corporation received a letter
ruling (200109039) (the "Letter Ruling") from the Internal Revenue Service
(dated December 4, 2000) holding that no gain or loss would be recognized on
its conversion to a for-profit stock corporation. The Company and its
Subsidiaries have not taken, or failed to take, any actions that could
adversely affect the holdings of the Letter Ruling or conflict with
any representations made in connection therewith. Neither the Merger nor the
other transactions contemplated hereby could adversely affect the holdings of
the Letter Ruling or conflict with any representations made in connection
therewith. None of Company or its Subsidiaries has been a party to a Section
355 transaction that could give rise to a Tax liability pursuant to
Section 355(e) of the Code.   As used in this Agreement, (1) the term
"Tax" (including, with correlative meaning, the terms "Taxes" and "Taxable")
means all federal, state, local and foreign income, profits, premium,
franchise, gross receipts, environmental, customs duty, capital stock,
severance, stamp, payroll, sales, employment, unemployment, disability, use,
property, withholding, excise, production, value added, occupancy and other
taxes, duties or governmental levies of any nature whatsoever, together with
all interest, penalties and additions imposed with respect to such amounts or
filing requirements and any interest in respect of such penalties and
additions, and (ii) the term "Tax Return" means all returns and reports
(including elections, declarations, disclosures, schedules, estimates,
information returns, claim for refund, and amended returns) relating
to Taxes.   (o) Certain Contracts. (i) The Company Disclosure
Schedule lists, as of the date hereof, each of the the following contracts,
agreements or arrangements to which Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a
party or by which it is bound: (i) any "material contract" (as such term is
defined in Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K of the SEC), (ii) the ten
largest provider and the ten largest customer contracts measured in terms of
payments to or receipts from Company and its Subsidiaries, (iii)
any contract that involves annual premiums, premium equivalents or payments
greater than $5 million and that, by its terms, does not terminate within one
year after the date of such contract and is not cancelable during such period
without penalty or without payment (other than customer agreements that are
not terminable within one year solely as a result of Health
Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ("HIPAA") or
other statutory or regulatory requirements), (iv) promissory notes, loans,
agreements, indentures, evidences of indebtedness or other instruments
providing for the lending of money, whether as borrower, lender or guarantor
in amounts greater than $500,000 (excluding trade payables or receivables
arising in the ordinary course of business), (v) any contract or other
agreement restricting the payment of dividends or the repurchase of stock or
other equity, (vi) employment agreements, (vii) change in control or similar
arrangements with any officers, employees or agents of Company or any of its
Subsidiaries that will result in any obligation (absolute or contingent) to
make any payment to any officers, employees or agents of Company or any of
its Subsidiaries following either the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby, termination of employment, or both, (viii) labor
contracts, (ix) joint venture, partnership agreements or other similar
agreements, (x) any contract for the pending acquisition, directly or
indirectly (by merger or otherwise), of any entity or business, (xi) any
contract, agreement or policy for reinsurance, (xii) any contract
or agreement that is material to the business, assets or
condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken
as a whole, or (xiii) any non-competition agreement or any other agreement or
arrangement that limits or otherwise restricts Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or any successor thereto or that would, after the Effective
Time, limit or restrict Purchaser or any of its affiliates (including the
Surviving Corporation) or any successor thereto, from engaging or competing
in any line of business or in any geographic area (other than
exclusivity provisions or arrangements with providers of healthcare
services) (collectively, the "Material Contracts").   (ii) Neither Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is, or has received any notice or has any
Knowledge that any other party is, in default (or would be in default but for
the lapse of time or the giving of notice or both) in any respect under any
such Material Contract, except for those defaults which could
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on Company.   (p) Employee Benefit Plans.   (i)
Section 3.2(p)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains a true and
complete list of each Benefit Plan, stock purchase, stock option, severance,
employment, change-in-control, fringe benefit, collective bargaining, bonus,
incentive, deferred compensation and all other employee benefit plans,
agreements, programs, policies or other arrangements, whether or not
subject to ERISA, whether formal or informal, oral or written,
legally binding or not under which any employee or former employee
of Company or any of its Subsidiaries has any present or future right to
benefits or under which Company or any of its Subsidiaries has any present or
future liability. All such plans, agreements, programs, policies and
arrangements shall be collectively referred to as the "Company Plans";
provided, however, that for purposes of this Section 3.2(p), the
terms Benefit Plans and Company Plans shall not include any benefit plans,
agreements, policies, programs or arrangements sold or marketed by Company or
its Subsidiaries.   (ii) With respect to each Company Plan, Company has
delivered or made available to Purchaser a current, accurate and complete
copy (or, to the extent no such copy exists, an accurate
description) thereof and, to the extent applicable, (A) any related
trust agreement, annuity contract or other funding instrument; (B) the most
recent determination letter; (C) any summary plan description and other
written communications (or a description of any oral communications) by
Company or any of its Subsidiaries to its employees concerning the extent of
the benefits provided under a Company Plan; and (D) for the three most recent
years: (1) the Form 5500 and attached schedules; (II) audited
financial statements; (III) actuarial valuation reports; and (IV)
attorney responses to auditors\' requests for information.   (iii) (A) Each
Company Plan has been established and administered in accordance with its
terms, and in material compliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA,
the Code and other applicable laws, rules and regulations and if intended
to be qualified within the meaning of Section 401(a) of the Code is so
qualified; (B) with respect to any Company Plan, no actions, suits or claims
(other than routine claims for benefits in the ordinary course) are pending
or, to the Knowledge of Company threatened; (C) neither Company nor any other
party has engaged in a prohibited transaction, as such term is defined
under Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA, which would subject
Company, the Surviving Corporation or any of their Subsidiaries to any taxes,
penalties or other liabilities under Section 4975 of the Code or Section 409
or 502(i) of ERISA and Company has no other liability under the Code with
respect to any Company Plan, including liability under any other provision
of Chapter 43 of the Code; (D) no Plan provides for an increase in benefits
on or after the Closing Date; and (E) each Company Plan may be amended or
terminated without additional obligation or liability as a result of such
termination or amendment (other than those obligations and liabilities which
have accrued as of the time immediately prior to such termination or
amendment in accordance with the terms of such Company Plan).   (iv)
Neither Company nor any member of its Controlled Group has ever maintained,
sponsored, administered or contributed to an employee benefit plan subject to
Title IV of ERISA, a multiemployer plan (within the meaning of Section
4001(a)(3) of ERISA) or a welfare benefit plan that provide coverage
or benefits to former employees (other than benefit continuation rights
under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as
amended).   (v) No Company Plan exists which could result in the payment
to any employee of Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any money or other
property or rights or accelerate or provide any other rights or benefits to
any such employee as a result of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   (vi) To the Knowledge of Company, all individuals who are or
have been eligible to participate in the Company Plans based upon
the eligibility provisions set forth therein or under applicable law have
been provided with a timely opportunity to participate.   (q) Labor Matters.
(1) Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to, or bound by,
any collective bargaining agreement, contract or other agreement
or understanding with a labor union or labor organization (other than
contracts or other agreements or understandings with labor unions or labor
organizations in connection with products and services offered and sold to
such unions and organizations by Company or its Subsidiaries); (2) neither
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is the subject of any proceeding
asserting that it or any Subsidiary has committed an unfair labor practice or
sex, age, race or other discrimination or seeking to compel it to bargain
with any labor organization as to wages or conditions of employment; (3)
there are no current or threatened organizational activities or demands for
recognition by a labor organization seeking to represent employees of Company
or any Subsidiary, or labor strike and no such activities have occurred
during the past 24 months; (4) no grievance, arbitration, complaint
or investigation relating to labor or employment matters is pending or, to
the Knowledge of Company, threatened against Company or any of its
Subsidiaries which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to Company; (5)
Company and each Subsidiary is in compliance with all applicable laws
(domestic and foreign), agreements, contracts, and policies relating to
employment, employment practices, wages, hours, and terms and conditions
of employment except for failures so to comply, if any, that individually or
in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect with respect to Company; (6) Company has complied in all material
respects with its payment obligations to all employees of Company and its
Subsidiaries in respect of all wages, salaries, commissions, bonuses,
benefits and other compensation due and payable to such employees under any
Company policy, practice, agreement, plan, program or any statute or other
law; (7) Company is not liable for any severance pay or other payments to any
employee or former employee arising from the termination of employment under
any benefit or severance policy, practice, agreement, plan, or program of
Company, nor will Company have any liability which exists or arises, or may
be deemed to exist or arise, under any applicable law or otherwise, as a
result of or in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder or as
a result of the termination by Company of any persons employed by Company or
any of its Subsidiaries on or prior to the Effective Time of the
Merger except as required by Code Section 4980B; and (8) Company is
in compliance with its obligations pursuant to the Worker Adjustment and
Retraining Notification Act of 1988 ("WARN") and part 6 and 7 of Title I of
ERISA, to the extent applicable, and all other employee notification and
bargaining obligations arising under any collective bargaining agreement or
statute.   (r) Affiliate Transactions. Except as disclosed in the
Company SEC Reports, there are no contracts, commitments,
agreements, arrangements or other transactions between Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any (i) officer or director
of Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) record or beneficial owner of
five percent or more of the voting securities of Company or (iii) affiliate
(as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of
any such officer, director or beneficial owner, on the other hand.   (s)
Statutory Financial Statements. Except as otherwise set forth therein, the
annual statements and the quarterly statements filed by Company or any of its
Subsidiaries with the Missouri Department of Insurance ("DOI") for the years
ended December 31, 1999 and 2000, for the quarterly period ended June 30,
2001 and for each quarterly period ending after June 30, 2001 and prior to
the Closing Date (the "DOI Filings") and the statutory balance sheets and
income statements included in such DOI Filings fairly present in all material
respects the statutory financial condition and results of operations of
Company or such Subsidiaries, as applicable, as of the date and for the
periods indicated therein and have been prepared in accordance
with applicable statutory accounting principles consistently
applied throughout the periods indicated, except as may be reflected in the
notes thereto and subject to the absence of notes required by statutory
accounting principles and to normal year-end adjustments.   (t) Insurance.
Company has provided or made available to Purchaser true, correct and
complete copies of all policies of insurance to which Company is a party or
is a beneficiary or named insured. Company maintains insurance coverage
with reputable insurers in such amounts and covering such risks as are in
accordance with normal industry practice for companies engaged in businesses
similar to that of Company (taking into account the cost and availability of
such insurance).   (u) Opinion of Company Financial Advisor. The Board
of Directors of Company has received the opinion of the Company Financial
Advisor, dated the date of this Agreement, to the effect that, as of such
date, the Merger Consideration is fair, from a financial point of view, to
the holders of Company Common Stock (other than Purchaser and its
affiliates), a copy of which opinion will promptly be made available to
Purchaser after receipt by Company.   3.3. Representations and Warranties
of Purchaser and Merger Sub. Purchaser and Merger Sub represent and warrant
to Company as follows:   (a) Organization. Merger Sub is a corporation duly
incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
Delaware and Merger Sub is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Purchaser.  
(b) Corporate Authorization. Merger Sub has all requisite corporate power and
authority to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby. The execution, delivery and performance by Merger Sub of
this Agreement and the consummation by Merger Sub of the transactions
contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action on the part of Merger Sub. Purchaser, in its capacity
as sole stockholder of Merger Sub, has adopted this Agreement and approved
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby as required by the
DGCL. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Merger Sub and,
assuming that this Agreement constitutes the valid and binding agreement of
Company, constitutes a valid and binding agreement of Merger
Sub, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as such
enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium and other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors
generally or by general equity principles (regardless of whether such
enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law) or by an
implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing.   (c) Non-Contravention.
The execution, delivery and performance by Merger Sub of this Agreement and
the consummation by Merger Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby do not
and will not contravene or conflict with the certificate of incorporation
or by-laws of Merger Sub.   (d) No Business Activities. Merger Sub has not
conducted any activities other than in connection with the organization
of Merger Sub, the negotiation and execution of this Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Merger Sub has no
Subsidiaries.   ARTICLE IV  COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS  
4.1. Conduct of Business of Company Pending the Merger. Company covenants and
agrees that, during the period from the date hereof to the Effective Time and
except as otherwise agreed to in writing by Purchaser, the businesses
of Company and its Subsidiaries shall be conducted only in, and Company and
its Subsidiaries shall not take any action except in, the ordinary course of
business and in a manner consistent with past practice and in compliance with
applicable laws; and Company and its Subsidiaries shall each use its
commercially reasonable efforts to preserve substantially intact the
business organization of Company and its Subsidiaries, to keep available the
services of the present officers, employees and consultants of Company and
its Subsidiaries and to preserve the present relationships of Company and its
Subsidiaries with such of the customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees, or
distributors with which Company or any of its Subsidiaries has significant
business relations. By way of amplification and not limitation,
neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall, between the date of this
Agreement and the Effective Time, except as set forth in Section 4.1 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, directly or indirectly do, or propose or commit
to do, any of the following:   (a) Except for the Certificate of
Incorporation Amendment, amend its certificate of incorporation or by-laws
or, equivalent organizational documents;   (b) Issue, deliver, sell,
pledge, dispose of or encumber, or authorize or commit to the issuance, sale,
pledge, disposition or encumbrance of, (A) any shares of capital stock of any
class, or any options, warrants, convertible securities or other rights
of any kind to acquire any shares of capital stock, or any other ownership
interest (including but not limited to stock appreciation rights or phantom
stock), of Company or any of its Subsidiaries (except for the issuance of
securities issuable pursuant to options outstanding as of the date hereof
under any Benefit Plans), except for the issuance of options to officers and
employees (which issuance shall be in the ordinary course of business in
accordance with past practices) to purchase up to 160,000 shares of Company
Common Stock under the Company Stock Option Plans;   (c) Declare, set
aside, make or pay any dividend or other distribution, payable in cash,
stock, property or otherwise, with respect to any of its capital stock;  
(d) Reclassify, combine, split, subdivide or redeem, purchase or otherwise
acquire, directly or indirectly, any of its capital stock;   (e) Acquire
(by merger, consolidation or acquisition of stock or assets) any corporation,
partnership or other business organization or division or line of
business;   (f) Modify its current investment policies or
investment practices in any material respect except to accommodate
changes in applicable law;   (g) Transfer, lease, mortgage, or otherwise
dispose of or subject to any lien any of its assets, including capital stock
of Subsidiaries, with a fair market value in excess of $5
million individually or $10 million in the aggregate (except (i)
by incurring Permitted Liens; (ii) in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice; and (iii) equipment and property no longer
used in the operation of Company\'s business);   (h) Incur any indebtedness
for borrowed money or issue any debt securities or assume, guarantee or
endorse, or otherwise as an accommodation become responsible for, the
obligations of any person, or make any loans, advances or capital
contributions to, or investments in, any other person in excess of $5
million individually or $10 million in the aggregate;   (i) Enter into or
amend any Material Contract, any other contract or agreement (with "other
contract or agreement" being defined for purposes of this subsection as a
contract or agreement which involves Company incurring a liability in
excess of $1 million individually or $10 million in the aggregate and which
is not terminable by Company without penalty upon one year or less notice
(other than (x) contracts or amendments issued or entered into in the
ordinary course of business with customers or providers of Company or its
Subsidiaries using Company\'s or any of its Subsidiary\'s standard templates,
as the same may be amended with non-material changes made for other customers
or providers or for purposes of compliance with laws or accreditation
requirements and (y) customer agreements that are not terminable within one
year solely as a result of HIPAA or other statutory or regulatory
requirements)) or agreement with an affiliate of Company;   (j) Except to
the extent required under this Agreement or pursuant to applicable law,
increase the compensation or fringe benefits of any of its directors,
officers or employees, except for increases in salary or wages of officers
and employees of Company or its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of
business in accordance with past practice, or grant any severance
or termination pay not currently required to be paid under
existing severance plans or enter into, or amend, any employment, consulting
or severance agreement or arrangement with any present or former director,
officer or other employee of Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or
establish, adopt, enter into or amend or terminate any collective bargaining,
bonus, profit sharing, thrift, compensation, stock option, restricted stock,
pension, retirement, deferred compensation, employment,
termination, welfare, severance or other plan, agreement, trust, fund,
policy or arrangement for the benefit of any directors, officers
or employees;   (k) Except as may be required as a result of a change in
law or in generally accepted accounting or actuarial principles, make any
change to the accounting practices or principles or reserving or underwriting
practices or principles used by it;   (l) Take, or permit any of its
Subsidiaries to take, any action that would prevent the Merger from
qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Code;   (m) Settle or compromise any pending or threatened suit, action or
claim in excess of $500,000;   (n) Adopt a plan of complete or partial
liquidation, dissolution, restructuring, recapitalization or
other reorganization of Company or any of its Subsidiaries;   (o)
Effectuate a "plant closing" or "mass layoff", as those terms are defined in
WARN, affecting in whole or in part any site of employment, facility,
operating unit or employee of Company or any of its Subsidiaries;   (p)
Fail to maintain in full force and effect the existing insurance policies
covering Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective properties, assets
and businesses or comparable replacement policies to the extent available for
a cost not exceeding 150% of the current cost of such policy;   (q)
Authorize or make capital expenditures which are, in the aggregate, in excess
of $10 million for Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole;   (r)
Expand its marketing efforts beyond those states in which its products are
offered as of the date of this Agreement;   (s) Make any Tax election or
settle or compromise any material federal, state, local or foreign Tax
liability, change any annual tax accounting period, change any method of Tax
accounting, enter into any closing agreement relating to any Tax, surrender
any right to claim a Tax refund, or consent to any extension or waiver of
the limitations period applicable to any Tax claim or assessment;   (t)
Take, or offer or propose to take, or agree to take in writing or otherwise,
any of the actions described in Sections 4.1(a) through 4.1(s) or any action
which would result in any of the conditions set forth in Article VI not being
satisfied or materially delay the Closing.   4.2. Conduct of Business of
Purchaser Pending the Merger. Purchaser shall not, between the date of
this Agreement and the Effective Time, except as set forth in Section 4.2 of
the Purchaser Disclosure Schedule, directly or indirectly do, or propose or
commit to do, any of the following:   (a) Amend its certificate of
incorporation or by-laws or equivalent organizational documents in a manner
adverse to Company or its stockholders;   (b) Take, or permit any of its
Subsidiaries to take, any action that would prevent the Merger from
qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Code;   (c) Declare, set aside, make or pay any dividend or
other distribution (other than a share repurchase in accordance
with Purchaser\'s share repurchase program), payable in cash,
stock, property or otherwise, with respect to any of its capital stock;  
(d) Adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution,
restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization of Purchaser; or  
(e) Take, or offer or propose to take, or agree to take in writing or
otherwise, any of the actions described in Sections 4.2(a) through (d) or any
action which would result in any of the conditions set forth in Article VI
not being satisfied or materially delay the Closing.   4.3. Governmental
Filings. Each of Purchaser and Company shall (a) confer on a regular and
frequent basis with the other and (b) report (to the extent permitted by law
or regulation or any applicable confidentiality agreement) on operational
matters. Company and Purchaser shall file all reports required to be filed by
each of them with the SEC (and all other Governmental Entities) between the
date of this Agreement and the Effective Time and each of Purchaser (to the
extent any report, announcement and publication relates to this Agreement and
the Merger or materially impacts the Merger) and Company shall (to the extent
permitted by law or regulation or any applicable confidentiality agreement)
deliver to the other party copies of all such reports, announcements
and publications promptly after the same are filed.    ARTICLE V 
ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS   5.1. Preparation of Form S-4 and the Proxy
Statement; Stockholders Meeting. (a) Promptly following the date of this
Agreement, Company and Purchaser shall prepare and Company shall file
with the SEC the Proxy Statement, and Purchaser shall prepare and file with
the SEC the Form S-4, in which the Proxy Statement will be included as a
prospectus. Each of Company and Purchaser shall use its reasonable best
efforts to have the Form S-4 declared effective under the Securities Act as
promptly as practicable after such filing. Company will use its reasonable
best efforts to cause the Proxy Statement to be mailed to its stockholders
as promptly as practicable after the Form S-4 is declared effective under
the Securities Act. Purchaser shall also take any action (other than
qualifying to do business in any jurisdiction in which it is not now so
qualified) required to be taken under any applicable state securities law in
connection with the issuance of Purchaser Common Stock in connection with the
Merger, and Company shall furnish all information concerning Company and
the holders of Company Common Stock and rights to acquire Company Common
Stock pursuant to the Company Stock Option Plans as may be reasonably
required in connection with any such action. Each of Purchaser and Company
shall furnish all information concerning itself to the other as may be
reasonably requested in connection with any such action and the preparation,
filing and distribution of the Form S-4 and the preparation, filing and
distribution of the Proxy Statement. Company, Purchaser and Merger Sub each
agree to correct any information provided by it for use in the Form S-4 or
the Proxy Statement that shall have become false or misleading.   (b)
Company, acting through its Board of Directors, shall, subject to and in
accordance with its certificate of incorporation and by-laws, promptly and
duly call, give notice of, convene and hold as soon as practicable following
the date upon which the Form S-4 becomes effective a meeting of the holders
of Company Common Stock (the "Company Stockholders Meeting") for the purpose
of voting to approve and adopt this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby and an amendment or repeal of the ownership limitations
included in its certificate of incorporation so as to permit the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby (the "Certificate of Incorporation
Amendment"), and (i) except as otherwise provided herein, recommend approval
and adoption of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and
the Certificate of Incorporation Amendment by the stockholders of Company
and include in the Proxy Statement such recommendation and (ii) use its
reasonable efforts to solicit and obtain such approval. The Board of
Directors of Company shall not withhold, withdraw, amend or modify in a
manner adverse to Purchaser its recommendation referred to in clause (i) of
the preceding sentence (or announce publicly its intention to do so), except
that such Board of Directors shall be permitted to withhold, withdraw, amend
or modify its recommendation (or publicly announce its intention to do so)
if such Board of Directors determines in good faith, after consultation with
its outside legal counsel, that its failure to withhold, withdraw, amend or
modify its recommendation is, or is reasonably likely to be, inconsistent
with its fiduciary duties in accordance with Delaware law. The parties hereto
understand and agree that, notwithstanding the foregoing, a communication
by the Board of Directors of Company to Company\'s stockholders pursuant to
Rule 14d-9(f) of the Exchange Act, or any similar type of communication to
Company\'s stockholders in connection with the the making or amendment of a
tender offer or exchange offer, shall not be deemed to constitute a breach of
Company\'s obligations under this Section 5.1(b).   (c) Company will cause
its transfer agent to make stock transfer records relating to Company
available to the extent reasonably necessary to effectuate the intent of this
Agreement.   5.2. Accountant\'s Letters. (a) Purchaser shall use
reasonable best efforts to cause to be delivered to Company a letter from
Purchaser\'s independent public accountants, dated the date on which the
Form S-4 shall become effective, addressed to Purchaser, in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to Company and customary in scope and
substance for comfort letters delivered by independent public accountants in
connection with registration statements similar to the Form S-4.   (b)
Company shall use reasonable best efforts to cause to be delivered to
Purchaser a letter from Company\'s independent public accountants, dated the
date on which the Form S-4 shall become effective, addressed to Company and
Purchaser, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Purchaser and
customary in scope and substance for comfort letters delivered by
independent public accountants in connection with registration
statements similar to the Form S-4.   5.3. Access to Information. Upon
reasonable notice, each party shall (and shall cause its Subsidiaries to)
afford to the officers, employees, accountants, counsel, financial advisors
and other representatives of the other party reasonable access during normal
business hours, during the period prior to the Effective Time, to such of its
properties, books, contracts, commitments, records, officers and employees as
the other party may reasonably request and, during such period, such party
shall (and shall cause its Subsidiaries to) furnish promptly to the other
party (a) a copy of each report, schedule, registration statement and other
document filed, published, announced or received by it during such period
pursuant to the requirements of Federal or state securities laws, as
applicable (other than documents which such party is not permitted to
disclose under applicable law), and (b) consistent with its legal
obligations, all other information concerning it and its business, properties
and personnel as such other party may reasonably request; provided, however,
that either party may restrict the foregoing access to the extent that any
law, treaty, rule or regulation of any Governmental Entity applicable to such
party requires such party or its Subsidiaries to restrict access to any
properties or information. The parties will hold any such information which
is non-public in confidence to the extent required by, and in accordance
with, the provisions of the confidentiality agreement dated August 30, 2001
between Company and Purchaser (the "Confidentiality Agreement"). Any
investigation by Purchaser or Company shall not affect the representations
and warranties of Company or Purchaser, as the case may be.   5.4.
Reasonable Best Efforts. (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, each party will use its reasonable best efforts to prepare and
file as promptly as practicable all documentation to effect all necessary
applications, notices, petitions, filings, tax ruling requests and other
documents and to obtain as promptly as practicable all consents, waivers,
licenses, orders, registrations, approvals, permits, tax rulings and
authorizations necessary or advisable to be obtained from any third party
and/or any Governmental Entity in order to consummate the Merger or any of
the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Upon the terms and
subject to the conditions hereof, each party will use its reasonable best
efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions to do, or cause to be
done, all things reasonably necessary to satisfy the conditions to Closing
set forth herein and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.  
(b) In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, each party hereto
agrees to make an appropriate filing of a Notification and Report Form
pursuant to the HSR Act with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby
as promptly as practicable after the date hereof and to supply as promptly
as practicable any additional information and documentary material that may
be requested pursuant to the HSR Act. Each of Purchaser and Company shall
cooperate in all respects with each other in connection with any filing or
submission and in connection with any investigation or other inquiry.   (c)
In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the parties agree that
Purchaser shall make such filings as are required in connection with this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby on its behalf, including
the "Form A" regulatory filings to be made with the DOI and shall
coordinate the conduct of the hearing or hearings before the DOI
in connection with such filings. Company and Purchaser will reasonably
cooperate with regard to the content of the filings referred to in the first
sentence of this Section 5.4(c). Company and Purchaser, as the case may be,
shall submit all such filings and hearing testimony, witness lists and other
similar materials relating to hearing to the other for its review prior to
filing.   5.5. No Solicitation of Transactions. Company agrees that
neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any of the officers and directors
of it or its Subsidiaries shall, and that it shall direct and cause its
and its Subsidiaries\' employees, agents and representatives (including any
investment banker, attorney or accountant retained by it or any of its
Subsidiaries) not to, directly or indirectly, (A) initiate or solicit or
knowingly encourage or facilitate (including by way of furnishing
information) any inquiries or the making of any proposal or offer with
respect to an Alternative Transaction (as defined in Section 8.11), (B) have
any discussion with or provide any confidential information or data to
any Person relating to an Alternative Transaction or engage in
any negotiations concerning an Alternative Transaction. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Company or its Board of Directors shall be permitted to (A) to the
extent applicable, comply with Rules 14d-9 and 14e-2(a) promulgated under the
Exchange Act with regard to a proposal or offer for an Alternative
Transaction; (B) make any disclosure required by applicable law or by
obligations pursuant to any listing agreement with or rules of any
securities exchange; or (C) engage in any discussions or negotiations
with, or provide any information to, any Person in response to
an unsolicited bona fide written proposal or offer for an Alternative
Transaction by any such Person, if and only to the extent that, in the case
of the actions referred to in clause (C), (i) the Board of Directors of
Company concludes in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal
counsel, that the failure to provide such information or engage in
such negotiations or discussions is or is reasonably likely to
be inconsistent with the directors\' fiduciary duties in accordance with
Delaware law, (ii) prior to providing any information or data to any Person
in connection with a proposal or offer for an Alternative Transaction by any
such Person, the Board of Directors of Company receives from such Person an
executed confidentiality agreement containing terms and provisions at least
as restrictive as those contained in the Confidentiality Agreement (which
shall not preclude discussions or negotiations relating to the proposal or
offer from such Person) and (iii) prior to providing any information or data
to any Person or entering into discussions or negotiations with any Person,
the Board of Directors of Company notifies Purchaser promptly of
such inquiries, proposals or offers received by, or any such discussions or
negotiations sought to be initiated or continued with, any of its
representatives indicating the name of such Person and providing to Purchaser
a copy of such written proposal or offer for an Alternative Transaction.
Company agrees that it will keep Purchaser informed, on a prompt basis, of
the status and terms of any such proposals or offers and the status of
any such discussions or negotiations and that it will deliver to Purchaser
copies of (or, if oral, summaries of) any changes to any proposals or offers.
Company agrees that it will immediately cease and cause to be terminated any
existing activities, discussions or negotiations with any parties conducted
heretofore with respect to any Alternative Transaction or
similar transaction or arrangement and will not waive any rights under any
standstill or confidentiality agreements entered into with such parties.
Company agrees that it will take the necessary steps to promptly inform the
individuals or entities referred to in the first sentence of this Section 5.5
of the obligations undertaken in this Section 5.5.   5.6. Employee Benefits
Matters.   (a) Continuation and Comparability of Benefits. From
the Effective Time until December 31, 2002, the Surviving Corporation shall
provide compensation and employee benefits to the employees of Company and
its Subsidiaries (other than those employees whose terms and conditions of
employment are subject to a collective bargaining agreement) employed as of
the Effective Time that are in the aggregate no less favorable than the
lesser of (i) those provided to the employees of Company and its Subsidiaries
as of the date of this Agreement and (ii) those provided to
Purchaser\'s similarly situated employees. On or prior to January 1,
2003, the Purchaser shall have caused the compensation and employee benefits
to the employees of Purchaser (other than employees of the Surviving
Corporation and its Subsidiaries), on the one hand, and the employees of the
Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries, on the other hand, to be in the
aggregate comparable for similarly situated employees.   (b) Pre-Existing
Limitations; Service Credit. With respect to any Benefit Plans in which any
Company Employees first become eligible to participate, on or after the
Effective Time, and which are plans that the Company Employees did not
participate in prior to the Effective Time (the "New Company Plans"),
Purchaser shall: (A) waive all pre-existing conditions, exclusions
and waiting periods with respect to participation and coverage requirements
applicable to the Company Employees under any health and welfare New Company
Plans in which such employees may be eligible to participate after the
Effective Time, and deductibles, coinsurance or maximum out-of-pocket
payments made by Company employees during the calendar year in which
the Effective Time occurs shall reduce the amount of
deductibles, coinsurance and maximum out-of-pocket payments under the
New Company Plans; provided that such Company Employee and covered family
members were enrolled in comparable coverage under the Benefit Plans of
Company on the Effective Time and continuously thereafter until the effective
time of coverage in the New Company Plans, and (B) recognize service of the
Company Employees with Company accrued prior to the Effective Time for
purposes of eligibility to participate and vesting credit in any New
Company Plan in which such employees may be eligible to participate
after the Effective Time, to the extent service is taken into account under
the applicable New Company Plan; provided, however, in no event shall any
credit be given to the extent it would result in the duplication of benefits
for the same period of service. Service with Company will also be recognized
under any New Company Plan that is a defined benefit pension plan with
a benefit formula based upon final average compensation, with an offset for
any benefit payable for the same period of service with Company under any
defined benefit plan of Company. Purchaser shall credit each of the Company
employees with accrued sick leave and vacation as of the Effective Time.
Purchaser shall, or shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, either (i)
maintain Company\'s Code Section 125 plans (the "Company 125 Plans") for the
remainder of the calendar year in which the Effective Time occurs or (ii)
terminate the Company 125 Plans after the Effective Time and adopt new Code
Section 125 plans (the "New 125 Plans") for Company employees who were
participating in the Company 125 Plans and transfer the account balances of
such employees under the Company 125 Plans to the New 125 Plans as soon as
practicable after such New 125 Plans are established.   (c) Retention Plan.
As soon as reasonably practicable after the date hereof, Purchaser and
Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to develop a targeted
retention plan for key non-executive employees of Company and its
Subsidiaries with such terms and conditions (including the payment dates and
payment amounts) as are mutually acceptable to Purchaser and Company.  
5.7. Directors\' and Officers\' Indemnification and Insurance.  (a) The
Surviving Corporation shall, and Purchaser shall cause the Surviving
Corporation to, (i) indemnify and hold harmless, and provide advancement of
expenses to, all past and present directors, officers and employees of
Company and its Subsidiaries (the "Indemnified Personnel") to the same
extent such persons are indemnified or have the right to advancement
of expenses as of the date of this Agreement by Company pursuant
to Company\'s certificate of incorporation, by-laws and indemnification
agreements, if any, in existence on the date hereof with any current or
former directors, officers and employees of Company and its Subsidiaries for
acts or omissions occurring at or prior to the Effective Time (including for
acts or omissions occurring in connection with the approval of
this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby), and (ii) purchase as of the Effective Time a tail
policy to the current policy of directors\' and officers\'
liability insurance and fiduciary liability insurance maintained by
Company which tail policy shall be effective for a period from the Effective
Time through and including the date six years after the Closing Date with
respect to claims arising from facts or events that occurred on or before the
Effective Time; provided, however, that in no event shall the Surviving
Corporation be required to expend in excess of 900% of the annual premium
currently paid by Company for its current policy of directors\' and
officers\' liability insurance and fiduciary liability insurance;
and, provided, further, that if the premium of such insurance
coverage exceeds such amount, the Surviving Corporation after
consultation with Company shall be obligated to obtain a policy with
the greatest coverage available for a cost not exceeding such amount.   (b)
The certificate of incorporation and by-laws of the Surviving Corporation
shall contain provisions with respect to indemnification, advancement of
expenses and exculpation from liability at least as favorable to the
Indemnified Personnel as those set forth in the current certificate of
incorporation and by-laws of the Company, and for a period of six years from
the Effective Time, those provisions shall not be repealed or amended or
otherwise modified in any manner that would adversely affect the rights
thereunder of the Indemnified Personnel, except to the extent, if any, that
such modification is required by applicable law.   (c) Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, if any claim, action, suit, proceeding or
investigation (whether arising before, at or after the Effective Time) is
made against any Indemnified Personnel, on or prior to the sixth
anniversary of the Effective Time, the provisions of this Section 5.7
shall continue in effect until the final disposition of such claim, action,
suit, proceeding or investigation.   (d) The covenants contained in this
Section 5.7 are intended to be for the benefit of, and shall be enforceable
by, each of the Indemnified Personnel and their respective heirs and legal
representatives and shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to
which an Indemnified Personnel is entitled, whether pursuant to law, contract
or otherwise.   (e) In the event that the Surviving Corporation or any of
its successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any other
Person and shall not be the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of
such consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers or conveys all or
substantially all of its properties and assets to any Person, then, and in
each such case, proper provision shall be made so that the successors or
assigns of the Surviving Corporation, as the case may be, shall succeed to
the obligations set forth in this Section 5.7.   5.8. Notification of
Certain Matters. Company shall use reasonable commercial efforts to give
prompt notice to Purchaser, and Purchaser shall use reasonable commercial
efforts to give prompt notice to Company, to the extent that either acquires
Knowledge of (i) the occurrence or non-occurrence of any event the occurrence
or non- occurrence of which would be reasonably likely to cause
any representation or warranty contained in this Agreement to be untrue or
inaccurate and (ii) any failure of Company, Purchaser or Merger Sub, as the
case may be, to comply with or satisfy any covenant, condition or agreement
to be complied with or satisfied by it hereunder; provided, however, that the
delivery of any notice pursuant to this Section 5.8 shall not limit or
otherwise affect the remedies available hereunder to the party
receiving such notice.   5.9. Public Announcements. Purchaser and Company
shall develop a joint communications plan and each party shall (i) ensure
that all press releases and other public statements with respect to
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby shall be consistent
with such joint communications plan, and (ii) unless otherwise required by
applicable law or by obligations pursuant to any listing agreement with or
rules of any securities exchange, consult with each other before issuing any
press release or otherwise making any public statement with respect to this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. In addition to the
foregoing, except to the extent disclosed in or consistent with the Proxy
Statement in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.1, neither Purchaser
nor Company shall issue any press release or otherwise make any public
statement or disclosure concerning the other party or the other
party\'s business, financial condition or results of operations without the
consent of the other party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld
or delayed.   5.10. Listing of Shares of Purchaser Common Stock.
Purchaser shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the shares of
Purchaser Common Stock to be issued in the Merger to be approved for listing
on the NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance, prior to the Closing
Date.   5.11. Affiliates. Promptly after execution and delivery of
this Agreement, Company shall deliver to Purchaser a letter identifying all
persons who, in the opinion of Company, may be deemed as of the date hereof
"affiliates" of Company for purposes of Rule 145 under the Securities Act,
and such list shall be updated as necessary to reflect changes from the date
thereof. Company shall use reasonable efforts to cause each
person identified on such list to deliver to Purchaser not less than 30 days
prior to the Effective Time, a written agreement substantially in the form
attached as Exhibit 5.11 hereto (an "Affiliate Agreement").   5.12.
Transition Team. Promptly following execution of this Agreement, the parties
shall establish a transition planning team (the "Transition Team") comprised
of an equal number of representatives of Company and Purchaser. The
Transition Team shall be responsible for facilitating a transition
and integration planning process to ensure the successful combination of the
operations of Company with those of Purchaser. The Transition Team shall be
responsible for developing, and monitoring the development of, and
deliverables due under, an action plan for the combination of the businesses
which, among other things, shall include an information systems action
plan intended to facilitate the most effective combination of
the information systems resources of Company and Purchaser. The Transition
Team, or designated representatives thereof, shall meet monthly to review the
financial performance of Company and its affiliates and at such meetings
Company shall advise the Transition Team of the status of achieving
Company\'s then current Operating Plan (as has been presented to Purchaser),
including all of the material components thereof, such as sales, enrollment,
revenues, investment income, quarterly claim trends, medical loss ratio,
administrative expenses, net income, reserves and statutory capital (as
indicated on the quarterly balance sheet). The Transition Team shall be
informed at each quarterly meeting of the applicable trends and retention
experience arising from Company\'s business planning and underwriting
process.   5.13. Management Responsibilities. At the Effective Time,
the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Company shall be named the
President of the Central Business Region with overall responsibility
for HealthLink, Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Missouri, and all of the
business operations of the Surviving Corporation in the Central Business
Region. Other senior executives of Company and its Subsidiaries will be
assigned significant responsibilities with respect to the business of the
Surviving Corporation, including the current President of HealthLink who
shall be responsible for HealthLink and the current President and
Chief Operating Officer of Company who shall be responsible for Blue Cross
and Blue Shield of Missouri.   5.14. Tax-Free Reorganization Treatment. The
parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to cause the
Merger to be treated as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a)
of the Code and shall not knowingly take or fail to take any action
which action or failure to act would jeopardize the qualification of the
Merger as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.
Unless required by law, each of Purchaser, Merger Sub, and Company shall not
file any Return or take any position inconsistent with the treatment of the
Merger as a reorganization described in Section 368(a) of the Code. Prior to
the Effective Time, the parties shall use their commercially reasonable
efforts to obtain the opinion of its tax counsel in such form and upon such
matters as described in Section 6.2(c) and Section 6.3(c).      ARTICLE
VI  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT   6.1. Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to
Effect the Merger. The respective obligations of Company, Purchaser
and Merger Sub to effect the Merger are subject to the satisfaction or
waiver on or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:   (a)
No Injunctions or Restraints, Illegality. (i) No Governmental Entity or
federal or state court of competent jurisdiction shall have enacted, issued,
promulgated, enforced or entered any statute, rule, regulation, executive
order, decree, judgment, injunction or other order (whether
temporary, preliminary or permanent), in any case which is in effect
and which prevents or prohibits consummation of the Merger or any other
transactions contemplated in this Agreement; and (ii) no Governmental Entity
shall have instituted any action or proceeding (which remains pending at what
would otherwise be the Closing Date) before any United States court or
other governmental body of competent jurisdiction seeking to
enjoin, restrain or otherwise prohibit consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (b) HSR Act. The waiting
period (and any extension thereof) applicable to the Merger under the HSR Act
shall have been terminated or shall have expired.   (c) NYSE Listing. The
shares of Purchaser Common Stock to be issued in the Merger and such other
shares to be reserved for issuance in connection with the Merger shall have
been approved for listing on the NYSE, subject to official notice of
issuance.   (d) Effectiveness of the Form S-4. The Form S-4 shall have
been declared effective by the SEC under the Securities Act. No stop order
suspending the effectiveness of the Form S-4 shall have been issued by the
SEC and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been initiated or
threatened by the SEC.   (e) Stockholder Approval. The Merger and the
Certificate of Incorporation Amendment shall have been approved by the
Required Company Vote at the Company Stockholders Meeting.   (f) Required
Governmental Consents. Any material governmental consents or approvals
required to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby shall have been
obtained, and shall be in full force and effect.   (g) BCBSA. Any required
approval of the BCBSA shall have been obtained, and the license of Company to
use the Blue Cross and Blue Shield name in Company\'s licensed service area
shall remain in full force and effect.   6.2. Additional Conditions to
Obligations of Purchaser and Merger Sub. The obligations of Purchaser and
Merger Sub to effect the Merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver
by Purchaser, on or prior to the Closing Date, of the
following conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties. Each of the
representations and warranties of Company set forth in this Agreement
(read without any materiality, material or Material Adverse
Effect qualifications) shall be true and correct as of the Closing Date as
though made on and as of the Closing Date (except to the extent that such
representations and warranties speak as of another date) other than such
failures to be true and correct that in the aggregate would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Company. Purchaser shall have
received a certificate of the chief executive officer and the
chief financial officer of Company to such effect.   (b) Performance of
Obligations of Company. Company shall have performed or complied in all
material respects with all agreements and covenants required to be performed
by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date, and
Purchaser shall have received a certificate of the chief executive
officer and the chief financial officer of Company to such effect.   (c)
Tax Opinion. Purchaser shall have received from Simpson Thacher and Bartlett,
counsel to Purchaser, on the Closing Date, a written opinion dated as of such
date, based on customary representations of Company and Purchaser that
counsel to Purchaser deems relevant, to the effect that (i) the Merger
will be treated for federal income tax purposes as a reorganization within
the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code and (ii) Company, Purchaser and
Merger Sub will each be a party to the reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(b) of the Code.   (d) Required Governmental Consents. Any
material governmental consents or approvals required to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby shall have been obtained, and shall be
in full force and effect, without any conditions that are material and
adverse to Company or Purchaser or any of their Subsidiaries and that differ
materially in character, degree or scope from conditions commonly imposed by
such consents or approvals.   (e) Required Third Party Consents. Any
material third party consents or approvals required to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby shall have been obtained and shall be in
full force and effect.   (f) No Material Adverse Change. At any time on or
after the date of this Agreement there shall not have occurred any
change, circumstance or event that, individually or in the aggregate,
has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
Company.   (g) Appraisal Rights Exercise. The aggregate number of shares
of Company Common Stock owned by Persons who have made a demand
for appraisal rights under Section 262 of the DGCL shall constitute less
than 30% of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock outstanding as of
the date of the Company Stockholders Meeting called for the purpose of voting
on the Merger.   6.3. Additional Conditions to Obligations of Company.
The obligations of Company to effect the Merger are subject to the
satisfaction of, or waiver by Company, on or prior to the Closing Date of the
following additional conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties. Each
of the representations and warranties of Purchaser set forth in this
Agreement (read without any materiality, material or Material Adverse
Effect qualifiations) shall be true and correct as of the Closing Date as
though made on and as of the Closing Date (except to the extent that such
representations and warranties speak as of another date) other than such
failures to be true and correct that in the aggregate would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Purchaser. Company shall
have received a certificate of the chief executive officer and the chief
financial officer of Purchaser to such effect.   (b) Performance of
Obligations of Purchaser and Merger Sub. Purchaser and Merger Sub shall have
performed or complied in all material respects with all agreements and
covenants required to be performed by them under this Agreement at or prior
to the Closing Date. Company shall have received a certificate of the chief
executive officer and the chief financial officer of Purchaser to such
effect.   (c) Tax Opinion. Company shall have received from Lewis, Rice
and Fingersh, L.C., counsel to Company, on the Closing Date, a written opinion
dated as of such date, based on customary representations of Company and
Purchaser that counsel to Company deems relevant, to the effect that (i) the
Merger will be treated for federal income tax purposes as a reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code; and (ii)
Company, Purchaser and Merger Sub will each be a party to the reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the Code.   (d) Price of Purchaser
Common Stock. The Average Purchaser Price (as defined in Section 8.11) shall
be at least $91.05; provided that this condition shall expire at the end of
the tenth Business Days after the Determination Date.   (e) Representation
on Purchaser Board. One of Company\'s current directors (who is not currently
an employee of Company) shall have been appointed to the board of directors
of Purchaser to serve until at least the 2004 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
of Purchaser.   (f) No Material Adverse Change. At any time on or after
the date of this Agreement there shall not have occurred any
change, circumstance or event that, individually or in the aggregate,
has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
Purchaser.   ARTICLE VII  TERMINATION AND AMENDMENT   7.1. Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated and the Merger contemplated hereby may be
abandoned at any time prior to the Closing Date, whether before or after
approval of matters presented in connection with the Merger by the
stockholders of Company:   (a) By mutual written consent of Purchaser and
Company;   (b) By either Purchaser or Company if the Merger shall not
have been consummated on or before June 30, 2002 (other than due principally
to the failure of the party seeking to terminate this Agreement to perform
its obligations under this Agreement required to be performed at or prior to
the Effective Time);   (c) By Purchaser or Company if any required approval
of the stockholders of Company for this Agreement, the Merger or
the Certificate of Incorporation Amendment shall not have been obtained by
reason of the failure to obtain the required vote upon a vote held at a duly
held meeting of stockholders or at any adjournment thereof;   (d) By
Purchaser or Company if any court or other governmental body of competent
jurisdiction shall have issued a final order, decree or ruling or taken any
other final action restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the Merger
and such order, decree, ruling or other action is or shall have become final
and nonappealable; provided that the party seeking to terminate
this Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.1(d) shall have used
its reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions to
do, or cause to be done, all things reasonably necessary to prevent the entry
of such order, decree, ruling or other action.   (e) By Company if (i)
prior to the Closing Date there shall have been a breach or inaccuracy of any
representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of Purchaser or
Merger Sub contained in this Agreement, which breach would (1) give rise
to the failure of a condition set forth in Section 6.3 and (2) is incapable
of being cured by Purchaser or is not cured within 30 days of notice of such
breach, or (ii) any of the conditions set forth in Section 6.1 shall have
become incapable of fulfillment;   (f) By Purchaser if (i) prior to the
Closing Date there shall have been a breach or inaccuracy of any
representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of Company
contained in this Agreement, which breach would (1) give rise to the failure
of a condition set forth in Section 6.2 and (2) is incapable of being cured
by Company or is not cured within 30 days of notice of such breach or (ii)
any of the conditions set forth in Section 6.1 shall have become incapable of
fulfillment;   (g) By Purchaser or Company if, prior to the receipt of
the approval of Company\'s stockholders of the Merger, (i) the Board of
Directors of Company authorizes Company to execute a binding written
agreement with respect to a transaction that constitutes a Superior Proposal,
(ii) Company notifies Purchaser in writing that it intends to enter into such
an agreement and provides Purchaser with the proposed definitive
documentation for such Superior Proposal and (iii) Purchaser does not, within
five days after the receipt of such written notice and
documentation, provide a written offer that is at least as favorable as
the Superior Proposal to the stockholders of Company; or   (h) By Company
on or prior to the tenth Business Day after the Determination Date if the
Average Purchaser Price is less than $91.05.   7.2. Effect of Termination.
In the event of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1,
the obligations of the parties under this Agreement shall terminate, except
for the obligations in the confidentiality provisions of Section 5.3 and
Sections 7.3 and 8.1, and there shall be no liability on the part of any
party hereto; provided, however, that termination of this Agreement pursuant
to Section 7.1(e) or 7.1(f) shall not relieve a defaulting or breaching party
from liability to the other party hereto (unless the fee set forth in Section
7.3 is paid in connection with such termination).   7.3. Fees and Expenses.
(a) If (A) Purchaser or Company terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section
7.1(c) and an Alternative Transaction or the intention to propose an
Alternative Transaction shall have been publicly announced and not
withdrawn prior to the Company Stockholders Meeting and within 12
months thereafter Company enters into an agreement with respect to
an Alternative Transaction or an Alternative Transaction is consummated, (B)
Purchaser terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1(f) as a result of
a breach of a representation or covenant by Company and the Board of
Directors of Company was aware of the existence of an Alternative Transaction
or the intention to propose an Alternative Transaction and such Alternative
Transaction had not been withdrawn prior to such breach and within 12 months
thereafter Company enters into an agreement with respect to an Alternative
Transaction or an Alternative Transaction is consummated or (C) Purchaser
or Company terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1(g), then
Company shall pay to Purchaser, within one Business Day following the date
Company enters into an agreement with respect to an Alternative Transaction
or an Alternative Transaction is consummated (in the cases of clauses (A) and
(B) above) or within one Business Day following the date of such termination
(in the case of clause (C) above), a fee, in cash, of $40.24 million, which
the parties agree shall be the appropriate measure of liquidated damages and
shall represent complete reimbursement of expenses incurred by Purchaser and
Merger Sub up to the date of termination, and which amount shall be the total
damages and sole remedy of Purchaser and Merger Sub upon the termination of
this Agreement for any of the reasons described in this Section 7.3(a).  
(b) Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, each party shall bear
its own Expenses in connection with this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby, except that each Purchaser and Company shall bear and
pay one-half of the costs and expenses incurred in connection with the
filing, printing and mailing of the Form S-4 and the Proxy Statement. As used
in this Agreement, "Expenses" includes all out-of-pocket expenses
(including, without limitation, all fees and expenses of
counsel, accountants, investment bankers, experts and consultants to a party
hereto and its affiliates) incurred by a party or on its behalf in connection
with or related to the authorization, preparation, negotiation, execution and
performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby,
including the preparation, printing, filing and mailing of the Form S-4 and
the Proxy Statement and the solicitation of stockholder approvals and all
other matters related to the transactions contemplated hereby.   7.4.
Amendment. This Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto, by action
taken or authorized by their respective Boards of Directors, at any time
before or after approval of the matters presented in connection with the
Merger by the stockholders of Company, but, after any such approval, no
amendment shall be made which by law or in accordance with the rules of any
relevant stock exchange requires further approval by such
stockholders without such further approval. This Agreement may not be
amended except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the
parties hereto.   7.5. Extension; Waiver. At any time prior to the Effective
Time, the parties hereto, by action taken or authorized by their respective
Boards of Directors, may, to the extent legally allowed, (i) extend the time
for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other
parties hereto, (ii) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and
warranties contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto or
(iii) waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions contained
herein. Any agreement on the part of a party hereto to any such extension
or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in a written instrument signed on
behalf of such party. The failure of any party to this Agreement to assert
any of its rights under this Agreement or otherwise shall not constitute a
waiver of those rights.    ARTICLE VIII  GENERAL PROVISIONS   8.1. Non-
Survival of Representations, Warranties and Agreements. Subject to the
proviso in Section 7.2, none of the representations, warranties, covenants
and other agreements in this Agreement or in any instrument delivered
pursuant to this Agreement, including any rights arising out of any breach of
such representations, warranties, covenants and other agreements, shall
survive the Effective Time or the termination of this Agreement pursuant to
Section 7.1, as the case may be, except for those covenants and agreements
contained herein and therein that by their terms apply or are to be performed
in whole or in part after the Effective Time. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
this Article VIII shall survive the Effective Time and the confidentiality
provisions of Section 5.3 and Section 7.3 shall survive the termination of
this Agreement.   8.2. Notices. All notices and other communications
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given (a) on the date
of delivery if delivered personally, or by telecopy upon confirmation of
receipt, (b) on the first Business Day following the date of dispatch if
delivered by a recognized next-day courier service, or (c) on the third
Business Day following the date of mailing if delivered by registered or
certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. All notices
hereunder shall be delivered as set forth below, or pursuant to such
other instructions as may be designated in writing by the party to receive
such notice:   (a) if to Purchaser or Merger Sub, to   WellPoint Health
Networks Inc.  1 WellPoint Way  Thousand Oaks, California 91362  Fax: (805)
557-6820  Attention: General Counsel   with a copy to   Simpson Thacher and
Bartlett  425 Lexington Avenue  New York, New York 10017  Fax: (212)
455-2502  Attention: Gary I. Horowitz   (b) if to Company, to  
RightCHOICE Managed Care, Inc.  1831 Chestnut Street  St. Louis, Missouri
63103  Fax: (314) 923-8958  Attention: General Counsel   with a copy
to   Lewis, Rice and Fingersh, L.C.  500 North Broadway, Suite 2000  St.
Louis, Missouri 63102  Fax: (314) 444-7788  Attention: John J. Riffle  
8.3. Interpretation. When a reference is made in this Agreement to Sections,
Exhibits or Schedules, such reference shall be to a Section of or Exhibit or
Schedule to this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The table of contents
and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and
shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
Whenever the words "include", "includes" or "including" are used in this
Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without
limitation." The parties have participated jointly in the negotiating and
drafting of this Agreement. In the event of an ambiguity or a question of
intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as
if drafted jointly by the parties, and no presumption or burden of proof
shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of
any provisions of this Agreement.   8.4. Counterparts. This Agreement may be
executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when one or
more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to
the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign the same
counterpart.   8.5. Entire Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiaries. (a)
This Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement constitute the entire
agreement and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, both written
and oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.  
(b) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of
each party hereto, and nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is
intended to or shall confer upon any other Person any right, benefit or
remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement;
provided, however, that Sections 1.11 and 5.7 may be enforced against
Purchaser or the Surviving Corporation, as the case may be, by the
Persons identified or described therein.   8.6. Governing Law. This
Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the
State of Delaware.   8.7. Severability. If any term or other provision of
this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any law
or public policy, all other terms and provisions of this Agreement shall
nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal
substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any
manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any term
or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the
parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as
to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an
acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby are
consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible.  
8.8. Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or
obligations hereunder shall be assigned by any of the parties hereto, in
whole or in part (whether by operation of law or otherwise), without the
prior written consent of the other party, and any attempt to make any such
assignment without such consent shall be null and void, except that Merger
Sub may assign, in its sole discretion, any or all of its rights, interests
and obligations under this Agreement to any direct wholly owned Subsidiary of
Purchaser without the consent of Company, but no such assignment shall
relieve Merger Sub of any of its obligations under this Agreement. Subject to
the preceding sentence, this Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the
benefit of and be enforceable by the parties and their respective successors
and assigns.   8.9. Submission to Jurisdiction; Waivers. Each of
Purchaser and Company irrevocably agrees that any legal action or proceeding
with respect to this Agreement or for recognition and enforcement of any
judgment in respect hereof brought by the other party hereto or
its successors or assigns may be brought and determined in the Courts of the
State of Missouri and each of Purchaser and Company hereby irrevocably
submits with regard to any such action or proceeding for itself and in
respect to its property, generally and unconditionally, to the nonexclusive
jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts. Each of Purchaser and Company
hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert, by way of motion, as a
defense, counterclaim or otherwise, in any action or proceeding with respect
to this Agreement, (a) any claim that it is not personally subject to the
jurisdiction of the above-named courts for any reason other than the failure
to lawfully serve process, (b) that it or its property is exempt or immune
from jurisdiction of any such court or from any legal process commenced in
such courts (whether through service of notice, attachment prior to judgment,
attachment in aid of execution of judgment, execution of judgment or
otherwise), and (c) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, that
(i) the suit, action or proceeding in any such court is brought in
an inconvenient forum, (ii) the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is
improper and (iii) this Agreement, or the subject matter hereof, may not be
enforced in or by such courts.   8.10. Enforcement. The parties agree that
irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of
this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms. It
is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to
specific performance of the terms hereof, this being in addition to
any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity.   8.11.
Definitions. As used in this Agreement.   (a) "Alternative Transaction"
means any of the following events: (i) the acquisition of Company by merger,
reorganization, share exchange, consolidation, business combination,
recapitalization, dissolution or otherwise by any person other than
Purchaser, Merger Sub or any affiliate thereof (a "Third Party"); (ii)
the acquisition by a Third Party of 20% or more of the assets of Company and
its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (iii) the acquisition by a Third Party of
20% or more of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock; (iv) the
adoption by Company of a plan of liquidation; or (v) the repurchase by
Company or any of its Subsidiaries of 20% or more of the outstanding shares
of Company Common Stock (other than, for the purposes of Section 7.3,
repurchases of shares of Company Common Stock from the Foundation).   (b)
"Average Purchaser Price" means the average (rounded to the nearest
thousandth) of the closing trading prices of Purchaser Common Stock on the
NYSE, as reported in the Wall Street Journal, Eastern Edition (or such other
source as the parties shall agree in writing), for the 20 full trading days
ending on, and including, the Determination Date.   (c) "BCBSA" means the
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association.   (d) "Benefit Plans" means, with
respect to any Person, each employee benefit plan, program, arrangement and
contract (including, without limitation, any "employee benefit plan,"
as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended ("ERISA") and any bonus, deferred compensation, stock bonus,
stock purchase, restricted stock, stock option, employment, termination, stay
agreement or bonus, change in control and severance plan, program,
arrangement and contract) in effect on the date of this Agreement
or disclosed on the Company Disclosure Schedule or the Purchaser Disclosure
Schedule, as the case may be, to which such Person or its Subsidiary is a
party, which is maintained or contributed to by such Person, or with respect
to which such Person could incur material liability under Section 4069, 4201
or 4212(c) of ERISA.   (e) "Board of Directors" means the Board of Directors
of any specified Person and any committees thereof.   (f) "Business Day"
means any day on which banks are not required or authorized to close in the
City of New York.   (g) "Controlled Group" means any trade or business
(whether or not incorporated) under common control with Company within
the meaning of Sections 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code.   (h)
"Determination Date" means the Business Day immediately following the day on
which all conditions set forth in Article VI (other than the condition set
forth in Section 6.3(d)) have been satisfied or waived (other than those
conditions that by their terms cannot be satisfied until the Closing Date);
provided that if after such Business Day (or after the establishment of a
later Determination Date pursuant to this proviso) an event occurs which
causes any condition set forth in Article VI (other than the condition set
forth in Section 6.3(d)) to no longer be satisfied, then "Determination Date"
means the Business Day immediately following the day on which all conditions
set forth in Article VI (other than the conditions set forth in
Section 6.3(d)) have again been satisfied or waived (other than
those conditions that by their terms cannot be satisfied until the Closing
Date), and, in such event, such later Determination Date shall be used to
calculate the Average Purchaser Price and for purposes of Section 6.3(d) and
Section 7.1(h).   (i) "good standing" means, when used with respect to the
status of any corporation domiciled or doing business in a particular state,
that such corporation has filed its most recent required annual report and
(i) if a domestic corporation, has not filed articles of dissolution, and
(ii) if a foreign corporation, has not applied for a certificate of
withdrawal and is not the subject of a proceeding to revoke its certificate
of authority.   (j) "Known" or "Knowledge" means, (i) with respect to
Company, the actual knowledge of John A. O\'Rourke, Sandra Van
Trease, Angela F. Braly, Stuart Campbell and David Ott and (ii) with respect
to Purchaser, the actual knowledge of Leonard D. Schaeffer, David C. Colby or
Thomas C. Geiser.   (k) "Liens" means any mortgage, pledge,
hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory
or other), other charge or security interest; or any preference, priority or
other agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever
(including, without limitation, any conditional sale or other title retention
agreement, any capital lease having substantially the same economic effect as
any of the foregoing).   (l) "Material Adverse Effect" means, with respect
to Purchaser or Company, any effect that is material and adverse to
the business, assets or financial condition of Purchaser and
its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or Company and its Subsidiaries, taken
as a whole, respectively.   (m) "the other party" means, with respect to
Company, Purchaser and means, with respect to Purchaser, Company.   (n)
"Permitted Liens" means (i) any liens for taxes not yet due or which are
being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (ii) carriers\',
warehousemen\'s, mechanics\', materialmen\'s, repairmen\'s or other similar
liens, (iii) pledges or deposits in connection with workers\'
compensation, unemployment insurance, and other social security legislation
and (iv) easements, rights-of-way, restrictions and other
similar encumbrances incurred in the ordinary course of business which, in
the aggregate, are not substantial in amount and which do not in any case
materially detract from the value of the property subject thereto.   (o)
"Person" means an individual, corporation, limited liability company,
partnership, association, trust, unincorporated organization, other entity or
group (as defined in the Exchange Act).   (p) "SEC" means the Securities
and Exchange Commission.   (q) "Subsidiary" when used with respect to any
party means any corporation or other organization, whether incorporated
or unincorporated, (i) of which such party or any other Subsidiary of such
party is a general partner (excluding partnerships, the general partnership
interests of which held by such party or any Subsidiary of such party do not
have a majority of the voting interests in such partnership) or (ii) at least
a majority of the securities or other interests of which having by their
terms ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the Board of Directors or
others performing similar functions with respect to such corporation or other
organization is directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such party or
by any one or more of its Subsidiaries, or by such party and one or more of
its Subsidiaries.   (r) "Superior Proposal" means a bona fide written
proposal made by a Person other than Purchaser, Merger Sub or an
affiliate thereof which is (A) for a merger, consolidation, share
exchange, business combination, reorganization,
recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or other similar transaction
involving, or any purchase or acquisition of, (i) more than fifty
percent (50%) of the voting power of Company\'s capital stock or (ii) all or
substantially all of the consolidated assets of Company and its Subsidiaries,
and (B) otherwise on terms which Company\'s Board of Directors determines in
good faith after consultation with its advisors would result in a transaction
that, if consummated, is more favorable to Company\'s stockholders, from
a financial point of view (which determination of the Board of Directors
shall take into account, among other things, the legal, financial, regulatory
and other aspects of the proposal, including conditions to consummation and
the likelihood of timely consummation), than the transactions contemplated
hereby.    ________________________   [Intentionally Left Blank]   IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Purchaser, Merger Sub and Company have caused this Agreement
to be signed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, all as
of the date first written above.     WELLPOINT HEALTH NETWORKS
INC.     By: /s/ Thomas C. Geiser  Name: Thomas C. Geiser  Title:
Secretary    RWP ACQUISITION CORP.     By: /s/ Thomas C. Geiser  Name:
Thomas C. Geiser  Title: Secretary    RIGHTCHOICE MANAGED CARE,
INC.     By: /s/ John O\'Rourke  Name: John O\'Rourke  Title: Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer    '

