 EXHIBIT 99.1 - AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER  
EXHIBIT
99.1         ===============================================================================   
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   DATED AS OF OCTOBER 31, 2004   BY AND
AMONG   VALERO L.P.   RIVERWALK LOGISTICS, L.P.   VALERO GP, LLC   VLI
SUB A LLC   AND   KANEB SERVICES
LLC   ===============================================================================       
TABLE OF CONTENTS  ARTICLE I CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS..........................................1  ARTICLE II THE
MERGER...................................................9   2.1 The
Merger......................................................9   2.2
Effective Time of the Merger....................................9   2.3
Effects of the Merger...........................................9   2.4
Closing.........................................................9   2.5 LLC
Agreement..................................................10   2.6
Directors and Officers.........................................10   2.7
Alternative Transaction Structures.............................10  ARTICLE
III CONVERSION OF SECURITIES....................................10   3.1
Effect of the Merger on Equity Securities......................10   3.2 KSL
Stock Options; Other KSL Equity Awards.....................11   3.3 Exchange
Fund..................................................12   3.4 Exchange
Procedures............................................13   3.5 No Further
Ownership Rights in KSL Common Shares...............13   3.6 Termination of
Exchange Fund...................................13   3.7 No
Liability...................................................13   3.8
Investment of the Exchange Fund................................13   3.9 Lost
Certificates..............................................13   3.10
Withholding Rights.............................................13   3.11
Further Assurances.............................................14   3.12
Stock Transfer Books...........................................14  ARTICLE
IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES...............................14   4.1
Representations and Warranties of KSL..........................14   
-i-       4.2 Representations and Warranties of
VLI..........................28  ARTICLE V COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF
BUSINESS......................30   5.1 Covenants of
KSL...............................................30   5.2 Covenants of
VLI...............................................33   5.3 Governmental
Filings...........................................34   5.4 Control of Other
Party\'s Business..............................34  ARTICLE VI ADDITIONAL
AGREEMENTS.......................................34   6.1 Preparation of
Proxy Statement; Shareholders Meetings..........34   6.2 Access to
Information..........................................36   6.3 Reasonable
Best Efforts........................................37   6.4 Acquisition
Proposals..........................................39   6.5 Fees and
Expenses..............................................40   6.6 Directors\'
and Officers\' Indemnification and Insurance.........40   6.7 Employee
Benefits..............................................42   6.8 Public
Announcements...........................................43   6.9 KSL Rights
Agreement...........................................44   6.10 Section 16
Matters.............................................44   6.11 Accountants\'
Letter............................................44   6.12 Tax
Matters....................................................44   6.13 Other
Payments.................................................44  ARTICLE VII
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT........................................45   7.1
Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect the KSL Merger.45   7.2
Additional Conditions to Obligations of VLI....................45   7.3
Additional Conditions to Obligations of KSL....................46   
-ii-      ARTICLE VIII TERMINATION AND
AMENDMENT..................................47   8.1
Termination....................................................47   8.2
Effect of Termination..........................................48   8.3
Amendment......................................................50   8.4
Extension; Waiver..............................................50  ARTICLE
IX GENERAL PROVISIONS.........................................50   9.1 Non-
Survival of Representations, Warranties and Agreements.....50   9.2
Notices........................................................50   9.3
Interpretation.................................................51   9.4
Counterparts...................................................52   9.5
Entire Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiaries.................52   9.6
Governing Law..................................................52   9.7
Severability...................................................52   9.8
ASSIGNMENT.....................................................52   9.9
Submission to Jurisdiction; Waivers............................52   9.10
Waiver of Jury Trial...........................................53   9.11
Enforcement....................................................53  EXHIBIT A
- Form of Support Agreement    -iii-       AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
MERGER, dated as of October 31, 2004 (this "AGREEMENT"), by and among Valero
L.P., a Delaware limited partnership ("VLI"), Riverwalk Logistics, L.P., a
Delaware limited partnership and the general partner of VLI ("VLI GP"),
Valero GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the general partner
of VLI GP ("PARENT GP"), VLI Sub A LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
and a wholly-owned subsidiary of VLI ("VLI SUB A" and collectively with VLI,
VLI GP and Parent GP, the "VLI ENTITIES" and each a "VLI ENTITY"), and Kaneb
Services LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("KSL").   W I T N E S S
E T H:   WHEREAS, the VLI Entities and KSL desire that VLI and KSL combine
their businesses on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;  
WHEREAS, simultaneously with, and as a condition to, the execution
hereof, VLI, VLI GP, Parent GP and VLI Sub B LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of VLI ("VLI SUB B"), Kaneb
Pipe Line Partners, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership ("KPP"), and Kaneb
Pipe Line Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company that is a wholly-
owned subsidiary of KSL and the general partner of KPP ("KPP GP" and
collectively, with KSL and KPP, the "KANEB ENTITIES" and each a "KANEB
ENTITY") are entering into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "KPP MERGER
AGREEMENT"), pursuant to which VLI Sub B will merge with and into KPP (the
"KPP MERGER"); and   WHEREAS, simultaneously with, and as a condition to,
the execution hereof, Messrs. Barnes and Doherty are executing a support
agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto (the "SUPPORT
AGREEMENT").   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the
respective representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth in
this Agreement, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto
agree as follows:   ARTICLE I   CERTAIN DEFINITIONS   As used in this
Agreement, the following terms shall have the respective meanings set forth
below:   "ACQUISITION PROPOSAL" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 6.4(a)(i).   "AFFILIATE" shall have the meaning given such term in
Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act.   "AGREEMENT" shall have the meaning set
forth in the preamble.   "ASSETS" means all of the assets (including the
tangible and intangible assets) used or necessary for the conduct of KSL\'s
or VLI\'s, as the case may be, and their respective Subsidiaries\' businesses
as they are presently conducted.       "BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP" or
"BENEFICIALLY OWN" shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms under
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
thereunder.   "BENEFIT PLAN" means, with respect to any entity, any
employee compensation, benefit plan, program, policy, practice, agreement,
contract or other arrangement providing benefits to any current or former
employee, officer or director of such entity or any of its Subsidiaries or
any beneficiary or dependent thereof that is sponsored or maintained by such
entity or any of its Subsidiaries or to which such entity or any of its
Subsidiaries contributes or is obligated to contribute or with respect to
which such entity or any of its Subsidiaries may have any liability,
contingent or otherwise, whether or not written, including any employee
welfare benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(1) of ERISA, any
employee pension benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA
(whether or not such plan is subject to ERISA) and any bonus, incentive,
deferred compensation, vacation, stock purchase, stock option, severance,
employment, change of control or fringe benefit plan, program, policy or
agreement and any related trusts or other funding vehicles.   "BUSINESS DAY"
means any day on which banks are not required or authorized to close in the
City of New York.   "CERTIFICATE OF MERGER" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 2.2.   "CHANGE IN THE KANEB RECOMMENDATION" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 6.1(b).   "CHANGE IN THE VLI RECOMMENDATION"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(c).   "CLOSING" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 2.4.   "CLOSING DATE" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 2.4.   "CODE" shall mean the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended.   "CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 6.2.   "DISSENTING SHARES" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 3.1(a)(ii).   "DOJ" means the Antitrust
Division of the U.S. Department of Justice.   "EFFECTIVE TIMES" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.   "ENCUMBRANCES" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 4.1(b)(ii).   "ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(l)(ii)(1).   "ENVIRONMENTAL PERMITS"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(l)(i)(a).   "ERISA" means
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.   
-2-      "ERISA AFFILIATE" means, with respect to any entity, trade or
business, any other entity, trade or business that is a member of a group
described in Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code or Section
4001(b)(1) of ERISA that includes the first entity, trade or business, or
that is a member of the same "controlled group" as the first entity, trade or
business pursuant to Section 4001(a)(14) of ERISA.   "EXCHANGE ACT" means
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.   "EXCHANGE AGENT" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 3.3.   "EXCHANGE FUND" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 3.3.   "EXPENSES" means all out-of-pocket
expenses (including all fees and expenses of counsel, accountants, investment
bankers, experts and consultants to a party and its Affiliates) incurred by a
party or on its behalf in connection with or related to the authorization,
preparation, negotiation, execution and performance of this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby, including the preparation, printing, filing
and mailing of the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus and the Form S-4 and the
solicitation of member and/or limited partner approvals and all other matters
related to the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.   "FORM S-4"
means a registration statement, and any amendments and supplements thereto,
on Form S-4 with respect to the issuance of VLI Common Units in the KPP
Merger.   "FTC" means the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.   "GAAP" means
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.   "GOVERNMENTAL ENTITY" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(d).   "HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(l)(ii)(2).   "HSR ACT" means the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended.  
"INDEMNIFIED PARTY" and "INDEMNIFIED PARTIES" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 6.6(b).   "INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY" means all patents,
trademarks, trade names, service marks, copyrights, and any applications
therefor, technology, know-how, computer software programs or applications,
and tangible or intangible proprietary information or materials.   "JOINT
PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
4.1(d)(iii).   "KANEB BENEFIT PLAN" means the KSL Stock Plans and any other
Benefit Plan sponsored, maintained or contributed to by KSL or any of its
Subsidiaries, or to which KSL or any of its Subsidiaries is required to
contribute, or with respect to which KSL or any of its Subsidiaries may have
any liability, contingent or otherwise.    -3-      "KANEB CONTRACT"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(j)(i).   "KANEB DISCLOSURE
SCHEDULE" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1.   "KANEB
EMPLOYEES" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.7(a).   "KANEB
ENTITIES" or "KANEB ENTITY" shall have the meaning set forth in
the recitals.   "KANEB PARTIALLY OWNED ENTITIES" means Partially Owned
Entities of KSL.   "KANEB PLAN" means any Kaneb Benefit Plan other than a
Multiemployer Plan.   "KANEB QUALIFIED PLANS" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 4.1(m)(iii).   "KANEB RECOMMENDATION" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 6.1(b).   "KANEB SEC DOCUMENTS" means the KSL
SEC Documents and the KPP SEC Documents   "KSL TERMINATION FEE" means
$15,000,000.   "KNOWLEDGE" means, with respect to any entity, the knowledge
of such entity\'s (or its general partner\'s) executive officers after
reasonable inquiry.   "KPP" shall have the meaning set forth in the
recitals.   "KPP EFFECTIVE TIME" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
2.2.   "KPP GP" shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals.   "KPP
GP LLC AGREEMENT" means the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company
Agreement of KPP GP, dated July 2, 2001.   "KPP MERGER" shall have the
meaning set forth in the recitals.   "KPP MERGER AGREEMENT" shall have the
meaning set forth in the recitals.   "KPP PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT" means the
Amended and Restated Partnership Agreement of KPP, dated July 23, 1998, as
amended October 27, 2003.   "KPP SEC DOCUMENTS" shall have the meaning
assigned thereto in the KPP Merger Agreement.   "KPP UNIT" shall have the
meaning given the term "Common Unit" in the KPP Partnership Agreement.  
"KPP UNITHOLDERS" means the holders of the KPP Units.    -4-      
"KPP UNITHOLDERS MEETING" shall have the meaning set forth in the KPP Merger
Agreement.   "KSL" shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble.  
"KSL CERTIFICATE" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(a)(i).  
"KSL COMMON SHARES" shall have the meaning given the term "Common Share"
in the KSL LLC Agreement.   "KSL CONSIDERATION" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 3.1(a)(i).   "KSL DEFERRED SHARE UNIT" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 3.2(b).   "KSL DEFERRED SHARE UNIT
ARRANGEMENTS" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(b).   "KSL
EFFECTIVE TIME" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.   "KSL
ENTITIES" means KSL and its Subsidiaries (which specifically excludes KPP and
its Subsidiaries).   "KSL LLC AGREEMENT" means the Amended and Restated
Limited Liability Company Agreement of KSL, dated June 28, 2001.   "KSL
MERGER" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.   "KSL OWNED UNITS"
means KPP Units directly or indirectly owned by KSL.   "KSL RIGHTS" means
any of the Rights, as such term is defined in the KSL Rights Agreement.  
"KSL RIGHTS AGREEMENT" means the Rights Agreement, dated as of June 27, 2001,
between KSL and The Chase Manhattan Bank, National Association, as
rights agent.   "KSL SEC DOCUMENTS" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 4.1(e)(i).   "KSL SHAREHOLDER" shall have the meaning given to the
term "Shareholder" in the KSL LLC Agreement.   "KSL SHAREHOLDERS APPROVAL"
means the approval and adoption of this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby by the KSL Shareholders holding at least the majority of
the voting power of KSL, including the affirmative vote of the KSL
Shareholders holding at least a majority of the outstanding KSL Common Shares
(other than those beneficially owned by VLI or any Affiliates thereof or by
any Kaneb Entity or any Affiliates thereof) that are present, in person or by
proxy, at the KSL Shareholders Meeting.   "KSL SHAREHOLDERS MEETING" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(c)(i).    -5-       "KSL
STOCK OPTION" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(a).   "KSL
STOCK PLANS" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(b)(i).   "KSL
2003 10-K" means KSL\'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2003, as filed with the SEC.   "LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 3.4(a).   "LLC ACT" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 2.2.   "MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT" means, with
respect to any entity or group of entities, a material adverse effect on (i)
the business, operations, results of operations or financial condition of
such entity or entities and its or their Subsidiaries taken as a whole or
(ii) the ability of such entity or entities to timely consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except, in each case, to the
extent such effect is reasonably attributable to (A) general political and
economic conditions (including prevailing interest rate and stock market
levels), (B) the general state of the industries in which such
entity operates, except to the extent such entity is substantially
disproportionately affected, (C) the negotiation, announcement, execution or
delivery of this Agreement or (D) any outbreak of hostilities, terrorism or
war, other than any terrorist or similar acts directed at or directly
impacting the business or assets of such entity or its Subsidiaries.  
"MULTIEMPLOYER PLAN" means any "multiemployer plan" within the meaning
of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA.   "NECESSARY CONSENTS" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 4.1(d)(vi).   "NEW PLANS" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 6.7(b).   "NYSE" means the New York Stock
Exchange, Inc.   "OLD PLANS" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 6.7(b).   "OTHER APPROVALS" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 4.1(d)(ii).   "PARENT GP" shall have the meaning set forth in the
preamble.   "PARTIALLY OWNED ENTITY" means, with respect to a specified
Person, any other Person that is not a Subsidiary of such specified Person
but in which such specified Person, directly or indirectly, owns 30% or more
of the equity interests thereof (whether voting or non-voting and including
beneficial interests); provided, however, in no case shall KPP or its
Subsidiaries or its or their Partially Owned Entities be considered a
"Partially Owned Entity" of KSL.   "PBGC" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 4.1(m)(v).    -6-       "PERMITTED ENCUMBRANCES" means (A)
liens for current Taxes not yet due and payable or for Taxes the validity of
which is being contested in good faith in appropriate proceedings, and (B)
such other Encumbrances that are de minimis or immaterial individually and in
the aggregate.   "PERSON" means an individual, corporation, limited
liability company, partnership, association, trust, unincorporated
organization, other entity or group (as defined in the Exchange Act).  
"POLICIES" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(k)(i).  
"REGULATORY LAW" means the HSR Act, and all other federal, state and foreign,
if any, statutes, rules, regulations, orders, decrees, administrative and
judicial doctrines and other laws that are designed or intended to
prohibit, restrict or regulate (i) mergers, acquisitions or other business
combinations, (ii) foreign investment, or (iii) actions having the purpose or
effect of monopolization or restraint of trade or lessening of
competition.   "RELEASE" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
4.1(l)(ii)(3).   "REQUIRED APPROVALS" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 6.3(a)(i).   "SEC" means the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission.   "SECURITIES ACT" means the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended.   "SUBSIDIARY" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Rule
1-02 of Regulation S-X of the SEC; provided, however, in no case shall any of
KPP or its Subsidiaries be considered a "Subsidiary" of KSL. For the
avoidance of doubt, with respect to KSL, a "Subsidiary" includes KPP GP.  
"SUPERIOR PROPOSAL" shall mean, for purposes of this Agreement, a bona
fide written Acquisition Proposal with respect to KSL that the Board of
Directors of KSL concludes in good faith, after consultation with its
respective financial advisors and legal advisors, taking into account all
legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of the proposal and the Person
making the proposal (including any break-up fees, expense reimbursement
provisions and conditions to consummation), as well as after giving effect to
all of the adjustments that may be offered by VLI pursuant to clause (B) of
the final proviso in this definition below, (i) is more favorable to the KSL
Shareholders, from a financial point of view, than the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, and (ii) is fully financed or reasonably
capable of being fully financed and otherwise reasonably capable of being
completed on the terms proposed; PROVIDED that, for purposes of this
definition of "Superior Proposal," the term Acquisition Proposal shall
have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.4(a)(i), except that
the reference to "10% or more" in the definition of "Acquisition Proposal"
shall be deemed to be a reference to "a majority" and "Acquisition Proposal"
shall only be deemed to refer to a transaction involving a majority of the
equity securities of KSL or all or substantially all of the consolidated
assets of the KSL and its Subsidiaries; PROVIDED FURTHER that no Acquisition
Proposal shall constitute a Superior Proposal unless (A) KSL has notified
VLI, at least five Business Days in advance, of the intention to effect a
Change in the Kaneb Recommendation in accordance with Section 6.4 hereof on
the basis of such Acquisi-    -7-      tion Proposal, specifying the
material terms and conditions of any such Acquisition Proposal and furnishing
to VLI a copy of the relevant proposed transaction agreements, if such exist,
with the party making such Acquisition Proposal, and (B) during the period of
not less than five Business Days following KSL\'s delivery of the notice
referred to in clause (A) above and prior to effecting such a Change in the
Kaneb Recommendation, have negotiated, and have used reasonable best efforts
to cause their respective financial and legal advisors to negotiate, with VLI
in good faith (to the extent that VLI desires to negotiate) to make such
adjustments in the terms and conditions of this Agreement so that such
Acquisition Proposal ceases to constitute a Superior Proposal.   "SUPPORT
AGREEMENT" shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals.   "SURVIVING
LLC" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1.   "TAX
RETURN" means any return, report or similar statement (including any attached
schedules) required to be filed with respect to any Tax, including
any information return, claim for refund, amended return or declaration of
estimated Tax.   "TAXES" means any and all taxes, assessments, fees and
other governmental charges imposed by any Governmental Entity, including
without limitation income, profits, gross receipts, net proceeds, alternative
or add-on minimum, ad valorem, value added, turnover, sales, use, property,
personal property (tangible and intangible), environmental (including taxes
under section 59A of the Code), stamp, leasing, lease, user, excise, duty,
franchise, capital stock, transfer, registration, license, withholding,
social security (or similar), unemployment, disability, payroll, employment,
fuel, excess profits, occupational, premium, windfall profit, severance,
estimated, or other charge of any kind whatsoever, including any interest,
penalty, or addition thereto, whether disputed or not.   "TERMINATION DATE"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.1(b).   "VLI" shall have the
meaning set forth in the preamble.   "VLI COMMON UNIT" shall have the
meaning given the term "Common Unit" in the VLI Partnership Agreement.  
"VLI DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.2.  
"VLI ENTITIES" and "VLI ENTITY" shall have the meaning set forth in
the preamble.   "VLI GP" shall have the meaning set forth in the
preamble.   "VLI INCENTIVE DISTRIBUTION RIGHTS" shall have the meaning given
the term "Incentive Distribution Rights" in the VLI Partnership
Agreement.   "VLI PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT" means the Third Amended and
Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of VLI, dated as of March 18, 2003,
as amended March 11, 2004.   "VLI RECOMMENDATION" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 6.1(c).    -8-      "VLI SUB A" shall have the
meaning set forth in the preamble.   "VLI SUB B" shall have the meaning set
forth in the recitals.   "VLI SUBORDINATED UNITS" shall have the meaning
given the term "Subordinated Unit" in the VLI Partnership Agreement.   "VLI
TERMINATION FEE" means $25,000,000.   "VLI UNITHOLDERS" shall have the
meaning set forth in the KPP Merger Agreement.   "VLI UNITHOLDERS APPROVAL"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.2(b)(i).   "VLI UNITHOLDERS
MEETING" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.2(b)(i).   "VOTING
DEBT" means any bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness having the
right to vote on any matters on which holders of capital stock or members or
partners of the same issuer may vote.   "WITHDRAWAL LIABILITY" means
liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial
withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as those terms are defined in Part I
of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA.    ARTICLE II   THE MERGER   2.1
THE MERGER. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereof, at the KSL
Effective Time, VLI Sub A shall be merged with and into KSL (the
"KSL MERGER"), with KSL as the surviving entity in the KSL Merger (the
"SURVIVING LLC"), and the separate existence of VLI Sub A shall thereupon
cease.   2.2 EFFECTIVE TIME OF THE MERGER. The KSL Merger shall become
effective as set forth in (or, if not set forth, at the time of filing) a
properly executed certificate of merger, in accordance with the Delaware
Limited Liability Company Act (the "LLC Act") duly filed with the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware (the "CERTIFICATE OF MERGER"), which filing
shall be made on the Closing Date. As used in this Agreement, the term "KSL
EFFECTIVE TIME" shall mean the date and time when the KSL Merger becomes
effective, which date and time shall immediately precede the time that the
KPP Merger becomes effective (the "KPP EFFECTIVE TIME" and, together with the
KSL Effective Time, the "EFFECTIVE TIMES").   2.3 EFFECTS OF THE MERGER.
The KSL Merger shall have the effects set forth in the applicable provisions
of the LLC Act.   2.4 CLOSING. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in Article VII and the termination rights set forth in Article
VIII, the closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the
"CLOSING") will take place at the offices of Wachtell, Lipton,   
-9-      Rosen and Katz, 51 West 52nd Street, New York, New York 10019 at
10:00 A.M. on the date that is the second full NYSE trading day to occur
after the date following the satisfaction or waiver (subject to applicable
law) of the conditions (excluding conditions that, by their nature, cannot be
satisfied until the Closing Date) set forth in Article VII, unless this
Agreement has been theretofore terminated pursuant to its terms or unless
another place, time or date is agreed to in writing by the parties hereto
(the date of the Closing being referred to herein as the "CLOSING DATE").  
2.5 LLC AGREEMENT. At the KSL Effective Time, the limited liability
company agreement of the Surviving LLC shall be the KSL LLC Agreement, as in
effect immediately prior to the KSL Effective Time, until thereafter changed
or amended as provided therein or by applicable law.   2.6 DIRECTORS AND
OFFICERS. The directors and officers of VLI Sub A immediately prior to the
KSL Effective Time shall be the directors and officers of the Surviving
LLC.   2.7 ALTERNATIVE TRANSACTION STRUCTURES. The parties agree that VLI,
with the consent of KSL, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed,
may change the method and structure of effecting the KSL Merger, and KSL
shall cooperate in such efforts, including by entering into appropriate
amendments to this Agreement; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that any actions taken
pursuant to this Section 2.7 shall not (i) alter or change the kind or amount
of consideration to be issued to KSL Shareholders as provided for in this
Agreement, (ii) adversely affect the tax consequences of the receipt of such
consideration by the holders of KSL Common Shares, (iii) materially delay
receipt of any Required Approvals, or (iv) otherwise cause any condition to
Closing set forth in Article VII to be materially delayed or to be materially
more difficult to fulfill (unless duly waived by the party entitled to the
benefits thereof).   ARTICLE III   CONVERSION OF SECURITIES   3.1 EFFECT
OF THE MERGER ON EQUITY SECURITIES.   (a) At the KSL Effective Time, by
virtue of the KSL Merger and without any action on the part of any holder of
any KSL Common Shares:   (i) Subject to Section 3.1(a)(ii), each outstanding
KSL Common Share  (together with any associated KSL Rights) issued and
outstanding  immediately prior to the KSL Effective Time shall be converted
into the  right to receive an amount in cash equal to $43.31 (the "KSL 
CONSIDERATION"). All KSL Common Shares converted into the right to receive 
the KSL Consideration pursuant to this Section 3.1(a) shall cease to be 
outstanding and shall be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and 
each holder of a certificate that immediately prior to the KSL Effective 
Time represented any such KSL Common Shares (a "KSL CERTIFICATE") shall 
thereafter cease to be a member of KSL or have any rights with respect to 
such KSL Common Shares, except the right to receive the KSL Consideration  to
be issued in consideration therefor and any distributions to which 
hold-    -10-       ers of KSL Common Shares become entitled all in
accordance with this  Article III upon the surrender of such KSL
Certificate.   (ii) Notwithstanding any other provision contained in this
Agreement,  no KSL Common Shares that are issued and outstanding as of the
KSL  Effective Time and that are held by a KSL Shareholder who has properly 
exercised such KSL Shareholder\'s appraisal rights (any such KSL Common 
Shares being referred to herein as "DISSENTING SHARES") under Section 11.5 
of the KSL LLC Agreement shall be converted into the right to receive the 
KSL Consideration as provided in Section 3.1(a) unless and until such KSL 
Shareholder shall have failed to perfect, or shall have effectively 
withdrawn or lost, such Shareholder\'s right to dissent from the KSL Merger 
under the KSL LLC Agreement and to receive such consideration as may be 
determined to be due with respect to such Dissenting Shares pursuant to and 
subject to the KSL LLC Agreement. If any holder of Dissenting Shares shall 
have so failed to perfect or has effectively withdrawn or lost such KSL 
Shareholder\'s right to dissent from the KSL Merger after the KSL Effective 
Time, each of such holder\'s KSL Common Shares shall thereupon be deemed to 
have been converted into and to have become, as of the KSL Effective Time, 
the right to receive the KSL Consideration.   (b) At the KSL Effective Time,
by virtue of the KSL Merger and without any action on the part of VLI, each
outstanding limited liability company interest in VLI Sub A issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the KSL Effective Time shall be converted
into 1,000 KSL Common Shares and KSL shall issue to VLI a certificate
evidencing such KSL Common Shares. VLI agrees that at the KSL Effective Time,
VLI shall be automatically bound by the KSL LLC Agreement and VLI shall be
admitted to KSL as a member of KSL immediately upon the KSL Effective Time.
At the KSL Effective Time, the books and records of KSL shall be revised to
reflect the admission of VLI as a member of KSL and the
simultaneous resignation of all other members of KSL, and VLI shall continue
KSL without dissolution.   3.2 KSL STOCK OPTIONS; OTHER KSL EQUITY AWARDS.
(a) Immediately prior to the KSL Effective Time, each KSL stock option to
acquire KSL Common Shares then outstanding (the "KSL STOCK OPTIONS") shall
become fully vested and shall be converted into the right to receive, upon
the exercise thereof, an amount in cash (without interest) equal to the KSL
Consideration multiplied by the number of KSL Common Shares subject to the
KSL Stock Option so exercised. As of the KSL Effective Time, each outstanding
KSL Stock Option so converted shall be cancelled, and the holder thereof
shall be entitled to receive, as soon as practicable thereafter, an amount of
cash (without interest) equal to the product of (x) the total number of KSL
Common Shares subject to such KSL Stock Option multiplied by (y) the excess,
if any, of the amount of the KSL Consideration over the exercise price per
share of KSL Common Shares under such KSL Stock Option (with the aggregate
amount of such payment rounded to the nearest cent) less applicable Taxes, if
any, required to be withheld with respect to such payment. Payment of any
amounts in respect of the KSL Stock Options pursuant to Section 3.2(a) hereof
shall be in full satisfaction of the obligations in respect thereof.   (b)
Effective as of the KSL Effective Time, all then outstanding and unsettled
stock units in respect of KSL Common Shares (each, a "KSL DEFERRED SHARE
UNIT") credited    -11-      pursuant to a compensation agreement or
plan or any similar plan, agreement or arrangement with respect to KSL Common
Shares including, but not limited to, the Xanser Corporation Deferred Stock
Unit Plan and the Xanser Corporation 1996 Supplemental Deferred Compensation
Plan (the "KSL DEFERRED SHARE UNIT ARRANGEMENTS") shall be converted into an
obligation to pay cash in respect thereof with a value equal to the product
of (i) the KSL Consideration and (ii) the number of KSL Common Shares subject
to such KSL Deferred Share Unit (with the aggregate amount of such payment
rounded to the nearest cent). Such obligation shall be payable or
distributable in accordance with the terms of the applicable KSL Deferred
Share Unit Arrangement.   (c) Prior to the KSL Effective Time, the
compensation committee of the Board of Directors of KSL shall take all
actions as are necessary, including making such adjustments and amendments
to, or determinations with respect to, the KSL Stock Options and KSL Deferred
Share Units, including the plans and agreements related thereto, to implement
the provisions of this Section 3.2, so as to ensure that following the KSL
Effective Time, no holder of a KSL Stock Option or KSL Deferred Share Unit or
participant in a Kaneb Plan or other employee benefit arrangement of Kaneb or
its Subsidiaries shall have any right thereunder to acquire or receive any
KSL Common Shares.   (d) Schedule 3.2(d) contains a list of all KSL Stock
Options and KSL Deferred Share Units outstanding as of the date hereof and
lists for each such KSL Stock Option or KSL Deferred Share Unit (i) the
holder thereof; (ii) the number of KSL shares subject to such award; (iii)
the dates of grant and expiration; and (iv) the exercise price (if any).  
3.3 EXCHANGE FUND. Prior to the KSL Effective Time, VLI shall
appoint Computershare Limited, or a commercial bank or trust company, or a
subsidiary thereof, reasonably acceptable to KSL, to act as exchange agent
hereunder for the purpose of exchanging KSL Certificates for the KSL
Consideration (the "EXCHANGE AGENT"). At or prior to the KSL Effective Time,
VLI shall deposit with the Exchange Agent in trust for the benefit of holders
of KSL Common Shares, cash to be issued and paid pursuant to Section 3.1(a)
in exchange for outstanding KSL Common Shares upon due surrender of KSL
Certificates pursuant to this Article III. Any cash deposited with the
Exchange Agent (including the amount of any distributions (or other
distributions payable with respect thereto) shall hereinafter be referred to
as the "EXCHANGE FUND."   3.4 EXCHANGE PROCEDURES. Promptly after the KSL
Effective Time, VLI shall cause the Exchange Agent to mail to each holder of
a KSL Certificate (other than any KSL Certificate representing any Dissenting
Shares) (a) a letter of transmittal (the "LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL") that shall
specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the
KSL Certificates shall pass, only upon proper delivery of the KSL
Certificates to the Exchange Agent, and which Letter of Transmittal shall be
in customary form and have such other provisions as VLI and KSL may
reasonably specify (such letter to be reasonably acceptable to VLI and KSL
prior to the KSL Effective Time) and (b) instructions for effecting the
surrender of such KSL Certificates in exchange for the KSL Consideration,
together with any distributions with respect thereto and any cash in lieu of
fractional shares. Upon surrender of a KSL Certificate to the Exchange Agent
together with the relevant Letter of Transmittal, duly executed and completed
in accordance with the instructions thereto, and such other documents as may
reasonably be required by    -12-     the Exchange Agent, the holder
of such KSL Certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor a
check in the amount equal to the cash such holder has the right to receive
pursuant to Section 3.1(a).   3.5 NO FURTHER OWNERSHIP RIGHTS IN KSL COMMON
SHARES. All cash paid upon conversion of KSL Common Shares in accordance with
the terms of this Article III shall be deemed to have been issued or paid in
full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to the KSL Common Shares.   3.6
TERMINATION OF EXCHANGE FUND. Any portion of the Exchange Fund that remains
undistributed to the holders of KSL Certificates one year after the
KSL Effective Time shall, at VLI\'s request, be delivered to VLI or otherwise
on the instruction of VLI, and any holders of KSL Certificates who have not
theretofore complied with this Article III shall after such delivery look
only to VLI for any amounts payable to such holders pursuant to this Article
III. Any such portion of the Exchange Fund remaining unclaimed by holders of
KSL Common Shares immediately prior to such time as such amounts would
otherwise escheat to or become property of any Governmental Entity shall, to
the extent permitted by law, become the property of VLI free and clear of any
claims or interest of any Person previously entitled thereto.   3.7 NO
LIABILITY. To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the VLI Entities,
KSL or the Exchange Agent shall be liable to any Person in respect of any
portion of the Exchange Fund required to be delivered to a public
official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar
law.   3.8 INVESTMENT OF THE EXCHANGE FUND. The Exchange Agent shall invest
any cash included in the Exchange Fund as directed by VLI on a daily basis;
PROVIDED that no such investment or loss thereon shall affect the amounts
payable or the timing of the amounts payable to KSL Shareholders pursuant to
the other provisions of this Article III. Any interest and other income
resulting from such investments shall promptly be paid to VLI.   3.9 LOST
CERTIFICATES. If any KSL Certificate (other than any KSL Certificate
representing any Dissenting Shares) shall have been lost, stolen
or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the Person
claiming such certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by
VLI, the posting by such Person of a bond in such reasonable amount as VLI
may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against it with
respect to such certificate, following the KSL Effective Time the Exchange
Agent will deliver in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate
the consideration and amounts payable with respect to the KSL Common Shares
formerly represented thereby pursuant to this Article III.   3.10
WITHHOLDING RIGHTS. VLI shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the
consideration otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement such amounts as it
is required to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such
payment under the Code and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
or any provision of state, local or foreign Tax law. To the extent that
amounts are so withheld or paid over to or deposited with the relevant
Governmental Entity by VLI, such amounts shall be treated for all purposes of
this Agreement as having been paid to the Person in respect of which such
deduction and withholding was made by VLI.    -13-      3.11 FURTHER
ASSURANCES. At and after the KSL Effective Time, the officers and directors
of the Surviving LLC shall be authorized to execute and deliver, in the name
and on behalf of the Surviving LLC or KSL, any deeds, bills of
sale, assignments or assurances and to take and do, in the name and on behalf
of the Surviving LLC or KSL, any other actions and things necessary to vest,
perfect or confirm of record or otherwise in the Surviving LLC any and all
right, title and interest in, to and under any of the rights, properties or
assets acquired or to be acquired by the Surviving LLC as a result of, or in
connection with, the KSL Merger.   3.12 STOCK TRANSFER BOOKS. Subject to
Section 3.1(b), the limited liability company interest transfer books of KSL
shall be closed immediately upon the KSL Effective Time, and there shall be
no further registration of transfers of KSL Common Shares or other limited
liability company interests of KSL thereafter on the records of KSL. On or
after the KSL Effective Time, subject to Section 3.1(a)(ii) any KSL
Certificates presented to the Exchange Agent, VLI or the Surviving LLC for
any reason shall be converted into the right to receive the KSL Consideration
with respect to the KSL Common Shares formerly represented thereby.  
ARTICLE IV   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES   4.1 REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES OF KSL. Except as disclosed in a section of the KSL disclosure
schedule delivered to VLI concurrently herewith (the "KANEB DISCLOSURE
SCHEDULE") corresponding to the subsection of this Section 4.1 to which such
disclosure applies, or as specifically identified in the Kaneb SEC Documents
filed prior to the date hereof, KSL represents and warrants to VLI
as follows:   (a) ORGANIZATION.   (i) Each of KPP GP and KSL is a limited
liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of the State of Delaware. Each of KPP GP and KSL has the requisite
power and authority to own or lease all of its properties and assets and to
carry on its business as it is now being conducted, and is duly licensed or
qualified to do business in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the
business conducted by it or the character or location of the properties and
assets owned or leased by it makes such licensing or qualification necessary,
except where the failure to have such power or authority or be so licensed or
qualified would not, either individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect on the KSL Entities. A true and complete copy of the KSL LLC
Agreement and the KPP GP LLC Agreement, each as in effect as of the date of
this Agreement, has previously been made available by KSL to VLI.   (ii)
Each Subsidiary of KSL (other than KPP GP) (A) is duly organized and validly
existing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization, (B) is duly
qualified to do business and in good standing in all jurisdictions
(whether federal, state, local or foreign) where its ownership or leasing of
property or the conduct of its business requires it to be so qualified and
(C) has all requisite power and authority to own or lease its properties and
assets and to carry on its business as now conducted, except in each case
where the failure to have such    -14-      power or authority or to
be so organized, in existence, or qualified would not, either individually or
in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on the KSL Entities.  
(iii) Section 4.1(a)(iii) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule sets forth, as of
the date of this Agreement, a true and complete list of each of the KSL
Entities and Kaneb Partially Owned Entities and each of their
respective Subsidiaries, together with (A) the nature of the legal
organization of such Person, (B) the jurisdiction of organization or
formation of such Person, (C) the name of each KSL Entity or Kaneb Partially
Owned Entity that owns beneficially or of record any equity or similar
interest in such Person, and (D) the percentage interest owned by such KSL
Entity or Kaneb Partially Owned Entity in such Person. None of the KSL
Entities is subject to any obligation in excess of $1,000,000 to provide
funds to or make any investment in (in the form of a loan, capital
contribution or otherwise) any of its Subsidiaries, Partially Owned Entities
or other persons.   (b) CAPITALIZATION. (i) Except as set forth in Section
4.1(b) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule, KSL has no limited liability company
or other equity interests issued or outstanding other than, as of the date of
this Agreement, 11,692,328 KSL Common Shares (each of which includes one KSL
Right). Each of such KSL Common Shares has been duly authorized and validly
issued in accordance with applicable laws and the KSL LLC Agreement, and are
fully paid and non-assessable. From and after October 31, 2004, no KSL Common
Shares have been issued except pursuant to employee and director stock plans
of KSL in effect as of the date of this Agreement and listed on Section
4.1(b) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule (the "KSL STOCK PLANS") or the KSL
Deferred Share Unit Arrangements. Except pursuant to the terms of options or
deferred or restricted stock units issued pursuant to the KSL Stock Plans or
the KSL Deferred Share Unit Arrangements and outstanding as of the date of
this Agreement or issued thereafter as expressly permitted hereby, and
pursuant to the KSL Rights, KSL does not have and is not bound by any
outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, commitments or
agreements of any character calling for the purchase or issuance of any KSL
Common Shares or any other equity securities of KSL or any securities of KSL
representing the right to purchase or otherwise receive any KSL Common Shares
or any other equity securities of KSL. KSL has no Voting Debt issued or
outstanding. Section 3.2(d) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule lists all KSL
Stock Options and KSL Deferred Share Units outstanding as of the date
hereof.   (ii) KPP GP is the sole general partner of KPP. KPP GP is the sole
record and beneficial owner of the general partner interest and incentive
distribution rights in KPP, and such general partner interest and incentive
distribution rights have been duly authorized and validly issued in
accordance with applicable laws and the KPP Partnership Agreement. KPP GP
owns such general partner interest and incentive distribution rights free and
clear of any liens, pledges, charges, encumbrances, restrictions and security
interests whatsoever ("ENCUMBRANCES"). KSL is the sole record and beneficial
owner of all of the outstanding limited liability company or other equity
interests in KPP GP free and clear of any Encumbrances. KSL owns, directly or
indirectly, all of the issued and outstanding equity securities or other
equity ownership and limited liability company interests (including but not
limited to general partnership interests) of each Subsidiary of KSL, free and
clear of any Encumbrances, and all of such limited liability company
interests or equity ownership interests are duly authorized and validly
issued in accordance with applicable laws and the applicable partnership
agreement, limited liability company agreement or other similar
organizational document and are fully paid, non-assessable and free   
-15-     of pre-emptive rights. No Subsidiary of any of the KSL Entities
has or is bound by any outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls,
commitments or agreements of any character calling for the purchase or
issuance of any equity securities or any other equity ownership interests of
such Subsidiary or any securities representing the right to purchase or
otherwise receive any equity security of such Subsidiary. No Subsidiary of
any of the KSL Entities has any Voting Debt.   (c) AUTHORITY; NO VIOLATION.
Except as set forth in Section 4.1(c) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule:  
(i) KSL has the requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this
Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, subject to
the KSL Shareholders Approval. The execution and delivery of this
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have
been duly and validly approved by unanimous vote of the Board of Directors of
KSL, at a duly convened meeting thereof. The Board of Directors of KSL has
directed that this Agreement be submitted to KSL Shareholders for approval at
a meeting of KSL Shareholders for the purpose of approving the KSL Merger and
this Agreement (including any adjournment thereof, the "KSL SHAREHOLDERS
MEETING"), and, except for the KSL Shareholders Approval, no other limited
liability company or other actions on the part of KSL are necessary to
approve this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by
KSL and (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the VLI
Entities) constitutes a valid and binding obligation of KSL, enforceable
against KSL in accordance with its terms.   (ii) Neither the execution and
delivery of this Agreement by KSL, nor the consummation by KSL of the
transactions contemplated hereby, nor compliance by KSL with any of the terms
or provisions hereof, will (A) violate any provision of the KSL LLC Agreement
or the organizational documents of its Subsidiaries, or (B) assuming that the
consents and approvals referred to in Section 4.1(d) are duly obtained, (x)
violate any statute, code, ordinance, rule, regulation, judgment, order,
writ, decree or injunction applicable to KSL, any of its Subsidiaries or
Partially Owned Entities or any of its respective properties or assets or (y)
violate, conflict with, result in a breach of any provision of or the loss of
any benefit under, constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or
lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, result in the
termination of or a right of termination or cancellation under, accelerate
the performance required by, accelerate any right or benefit provided by, or
result in the creation of any Encumbrance upon any of the
respective properties or assets of KSL, any of its Subsidiaries or, to the
KSL Entities\' Knowledge, their Partially Owned Entities under, any of the
terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed
of trust, license, lease, agreement or other instrument or obligation to
which KSL, any of its Subsidiaries or Partially Owned Entities is a party, or
by which they or any of their respective properties or assets may be bound or
affected, except (in the case of clause (B) above) for such violations,
conflicts, breaches or defaults which either individually or in the aggregate
will not have a Material Adverse Effect on the KSL Entities or the Surviving
LLC.   (d) CONSENTS AND APPROVALS. Except for (i) the filing of a
notification and report form under the HSR Act and the termination or
expiration of the waiting period under the HSR Act, (ii) the filing of any
other required applications or notices with any state or foreign   
-16-      agencies of competent jurisdiction and approval of such
applications and notices (the "OTHER APPROVALS"), (iii) the filing with the
SEC of a proxy statement relating to the matters to be submitted to KSL
Shareholders at the KSL Shareholders Meeting and the matters to be submitted
to the VLI Unitholders at the VLI Unitholders Meeting (such joint proxy
statement/prospectus, and any amendments or supplements thereto, the "JOINT
PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS"), (iv) the filing of the Certificate of Merger,
(v) any consents, authorizations, approvals, filings or exemptions in
connection with compliance with the rules of the NYSE, (vi) such filings and
approvals as are required to be made or obtained under the securities or
"Blue Sky" laws of various states in connection with the issuance of VLI
Common Units pursuant to this Agreement (the consents, approvals, filings and
registration required under or in relation to the foregoing clauses (ii)
through (vi) being referred to as "NECESSARY CONSENTS") and (vii) such other
consents, approvals, filings and registrations the failure of which to obtain
or make would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect on the KSL Entities or the Surviving LLC,
no consents or approvals of or filings or registrations with any
supranational, national, state, municipal, local or foreign government,
any instrumentality, subdivision, court, administrative agency or commission
or other authority thereof, or any quasi-governmental or private body
exercising any regulatory, taxing, importing or other governmental or quasi-
governmental authority (each, a "GOVERNMENTAL ENTITY") are necessary in
connection with (A) the execution and delivery by KSL of this Agreement and
(B) the consummation by KSL of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   (e) FINANCIAL REPORTS AND SEC DOCUMENTS; DISCLOSURE AND
INTERNAL CONTROLS.   (i) The KSL 2003 10-K and all other reports,
registration statements, definitive proxy statements or information
statements filed or to be filed by KSL or any of its Subsidiaries subsequent
to December 31, 2000 (including but not limited to, items incorporated by
reference into such reports, registration statements, definitive proxy
statements or information statements) under the Securities Act or under
Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act in the form filed, or
to be filed (collectively, the "KSL SEC DOCUMENTS"), with the SEC, (1)
complied or will comply in all material respects as to form with the
applicable requirements under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as
the case may be, and (2) as of its filing date, did not or will not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements made
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading; and each of the balance sheets contained in or incorporated by
reference into any such KSL SEC Document (including the related notes and
schedules thereto) fairly presents or will fairly present the financial
position of the entity or entities to which it relates as of its date, and
each of the statements of operations and changes in shareholders\' equity and
cash flows or equivalent statements in such KSL SEC Documents (including any
related notes and schedules thereto) fairly presents or will fairly present
the results of operations, changes in shareholders\' equity and changes in
cash flows, as the case may be, of the entity or entities to which it relates
for the periods to which it relates, in each case in accordance with GAAP
consistently applied during the periods involved, except, in each case, as
may be noted therein, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments in the
case of unaudited statements. There are no outstanding comments from,
or unresolved issues raised by, the SEC with respect to any of the KSL
SEC Documents. No executive officer of any of the KSL Entities has failed in
any respect to make the certification required of him or her under
Sections    -17-      302 or 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
and no enforcement action has been initiated against KSL relating to
disclosures contained in any KSL SEC Document.   (ii) Prior to the date of
this Agreement and in the ordinary course of business, KSL has established
approval procedures (which, as in effect as of the date of this Agreement,
have previously been disclosed to VLI) with respect to the open position
resulting from KSL and its Subsidiaries\' physical commodity transactions,
exchange-traded futures and options and over-the-counter derivative
instruments.   (iii) Except as set forth in Section 4.1(e)(iii) of the
Kaneb Disclosure Schedule, the records, systems, controls, data and
information of KSL and its respective Subsidiaries are recorded, stored,
maintained and operated under means that are under the exclusive ownership
and direct control of KSL or its Subsidiaries or accountants, except for any
non-exclusive ownership and non-direct control that would not reasonably be
expected to have a materially adverse effect on the system of internal
accounting controls described in the following sentence. KSL and its
Subsidiaries have devised and maintain a system of internal accounting
controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP, including that
(1) transactions are executed only in accordance with management\'s
authorization; (2) transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of the financial statements of KSL and its Subsidiaries
and to maintain accountability for the assets of KSL and its Subsidiaries;
(3) access to such assets is permitted only in accordance with management\'s
authorization; (4) the reporting of such assets is compared with existing
assets at regular intervals; and (5) accounts, notes and other receivables
and inventory are recorded accurately, and proper and adequate procedures are
implemented to effect the collection thereof on a current and timely basis.
Each of the KSL Entities (1) has designed disclosure controls and procedures
(within the meaning of Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) to
ensure that material information relating to such entity and its Subsidiaries
is made known to the management of such entity (or its general partner) by
others within those entities as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure and to make the certifications required by the
Exchange Act with respect to the KSL SEC Documents, and (2) has disclosed,
based on its most recent evaluation prior to the date of this Agreement, to
its auditors and the audit committee of its Board of Directors (A) any
significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls
which could adversely affect in any material respect its ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial data and have disclosed to its
auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls and (B) any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
a significant role in its internal controls. The KSL Entities have made
available to VLI a summary of any such disclosure made by management to
KSL\'s auditors and audit committee since January 1, 2002. KSL has
initiated its process of compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act and expects to be in full compliance therewith by the SEC mandated
compliance date.   (iv) Except as set forth in Section 4.1(e)(iv) of the
Kaneb Disclosure Schedule, since July 30, 2002, (x) none of KSL or any of its
Subsidiaries nor, to the Knowledge of KSL, any director, officer, employee,
auditor, accountant or representative of either of KSL or any of its
Subsidiaries has received or otherwise had or obtained Knowledge of any
material complaint, allegation, assertion or claim, whether written or oral,
regarding the accounting or auditing practices, procedures, methodologies or
methods of KSL or any of its Subsidiaries or    -18-      their
respective internal accounting controls, including any material
complaint, allegation, assertion or claim that either of KSL or any of its
Subsidiaries has engaged in questionable accounting or auditing practices,
and (y) no attorney representing either KSL or any of its Subsidiaries,
whether or not employed thereby, has reported evidence of a material
violation of securities laws, breach of fiduciary duty or similar violation
by KSL or any of its officers, directors, employees or agents, or those of
its Subsidiaries, to the Board of Directors of KSL or any committee thereof
or to any director or officer of KSL.   (f) ABSENCE OF UNDISCLOSED
LIABILITIES. Except as set forth in Section 4.1(f) of the Kaneb Disclosure
Schedule or disclosed in the audited financial statements (or notes thereto)
included in the KSL 2003 10-K, neither KSL nor any of its Subsidiaries had at
December 31, 2003, or has incurred since that date, any liabilities or
obligations (whether absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise) of any
nature, except (a) liabilities, obligations or contingencies which (i) are
accrued or reserved against in the financial statements in the KSL 2003 10-K
with respect to KSL or its Subsidiaries, or in the notes thereto or (ii) were
incurred thereafter in the ordinary course of business and consistent with
past practices, and (b) liabilities, obligations or contingencies which
(i) would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to
have a Material Adverse Effect on the KSL Entities or (ii) have been
discharged or paid in full prior to the date hereof.   (g) ABSENCE OF
CERTAIN CHANGES OR EVENTS.   (i) Since December 31, 2003, except as set
forth in the Kaneb SEC Documents filed prior to the date hereof, no event or
events have occurred that has had or would reasonably be expected to have,
either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the KSL
Entities.   (ii) Except as set forth in Section 4.1(g)(ii) of the Kaneb
Disclosure Schedule, since December 31, 2003, KSL and its Subsidiaries have
carried on their respective businesses in all material respects in the
ordinary course.   (iii) Except as set forth in Section 4.1(g)(iii) of the
Kaneb Disclosure Schedule, since December 31, 2003, or as permitted under
Section 5.1(h), neither KSL nor any of its Subsidiaries has (A) except for
such actions prior to the date hereof as were in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice or except as required by applicable
law, (I) increased the wages, salaries, compensation, pension, or other
fringe benefits or perquisites payable to any executive officer or director
from the amount thereof in effect as of December 31, 2003, or (II) granted
any severance or termination pay, entered into any contract to make or grant
any severance or termination pay, or paid any bonuses, to any executive
officer or director or (B) suffered any strike, work stoppage, slowdown, or
other labor disturbance which would be reasonably be expected to have (in the
case of this clause (B) only), either individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect on the KSL Entities.   (iv) Since December 31, 2003
and prior to the date hereof, KSL has not declared or made any distributions
with respect to KSL Common Shares other than its regular quarterly
distributions as follows:    -19-           Quarter Amount Per
KSL Common Share   ~~    Fourth (2003) $0.475  First (2004) $0.475 
Second (2004) $0.495  Third (2004) $0.495      (h) LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.
Except as disclosed in the Kaneb SEC Documents filed prior to the date hereof
or in Section 4.1(h) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule, there is no suit,
action or proceeding or investigation pending or, to the Knowledge of KSL,
threatened, against or affecting KSL or any of its Subsidiaries that would,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on the KSL Entities, nor is there any judgment, decree,
injunction, rule or order of any Governmental Entity or arbitrator
outstanding against any of the KSL Entities or any of its Subsidiaries
having, or which would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, any such effect.   (i) COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAW. KSL and
each of its Subsidiaries hold all licenses, franchises, permits and
authorizations necessary for the lawful conduct of their respective
businesses under and pursuant to each, and have complied in all respects with
and are not in default under any, applicable law, statute, order, rule or
regulation of any Governmental Entity relating to KSL or any of its
Subsidiaries, except where the failure to hold such license, franchise,
permit or authorization or such noncompliance or default would not, either
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on the KSL Entities.   (j) CONTRACTS. Except as set forth in
Section 4.1(j) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule or filed as exhibits to the
Kaneb SEC Documents filed prior to the date hereof:   (i) Neither KSL nor
any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or bound by any contract, arrangement,
commitment or understanding (whether written or oral) (1), which, upon the
consummation or KSL Shareholders Approval of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, will (either alone or upon the occurrence of any additional
acts or events) result in any payment (whether of severance pay or otherwise)
becoming due from KSL, VLI, the Surviving LLC, or any of their respective
Subsidiaries to any director, officer or employee thereof, (2) which is a
"material contract" (as such term is defined in Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation
S-K), or which, if entered into, amended, terminated or otherwise created or
modified on or after the date of this Agreement, would be required to be
disclosed on a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC, to be performed
after the date of this Agreement that has not been filed or incorporated by
reference in the Kaneb SEC Documents filed prior to the date of this
Agreement, (3) which materially restricts the conduct of any line of business
by KSL or upon consummation of the KSL Merger will materially restrict the
ability of KSL, VLI or the Surviving LLC to engage in any line of
business, (4) relating to any outstanding commitment for any capital
expenditure in excess of $10,000,000, (5) with any labor union or
organization, (6) except (a) as reflected in the financial statements
included in the Kaneb SEC Documents filed prior to the date hereof, (b) as
reflected in the September 30, 2004 financial statements of KSL delivered
prior to the date hereof to VLI or (c) from the date hereof to the extent
permitted under Section 5.1(g), indentures, mortgages, liens, promissory
notes, loan agreements, guarantees or other arrangements relating to the
borrowing of money by KSL or any of its Subsidiaries, (7) containing
provisions triggered    -20-      by change of control of KSL or any
of its Subsidiaries or (8) in favor of directors or officers relating to
employment or compensation or providing rights to indemnification, or (9)
between any of the KSL Entities and any of their respective Affiliates on the
one hand and Xanser Corporation or any of its Affiliates on the other. Each
contract, arrangement, commitment or understanding of the type described in
this Section 4.1(j), whether or not set forth in the Kaneb Disclosure
Schedule or in such Kaneb SEC Documents, is referred to herein as a "KANEB
CONTRACT". True and complete copies of all such Kaneb Contracts have been
made available by the Kaneb Entities to VLI.   (ii) (A) Each Kaneb Contract
is valid and binding on KSL and any of its Subsidiaries that is a party
thereto, as applicable, and in full force and effect, (B) KSL and each of its
Subsidiaries has performed all obligations required to be performed by it to
date under each Kaneb Contract, except where such noncompliance, either
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on the KSL Entities, and (C) neither KSL nor any of
its Subsidiaries knows of, or has received notice of, the existence of any
event or condition which constitutes, or, after notice or lapse of time or
both, will constitute, a default on the part of KSL or any of its
Subsidiaries under any such Kaneb Contract, except where such default, either
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on the KSL Entities.   (k) INSURANCE.   (i)
Section 4.1(k) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and
complete list of all policies of property, casualty and liability
insurance, including crime insurance, liability and casualty insurance,
property insurance, business interruption insurance, workers\' compensation,
excess or umbrella liability insurance and any other type of property and
casualty insurance insuring the properties, assets, employees and/or
operations of KSL or its Subsidiaries (collectively, the "POLICIES"). Upon
request, KSL will make available to VLI certificates of insurance and
insurance summaries from the insurance broker evidencing the existence of the
Policies. Except as set forth on Section 4.1(k) of the Kaneb Disclosure
Schedule, all such policies are in full force and effect. All premiums
payable under such Policies have been paid in a timely manner and KSL, and
its Subsidiaries have complied in all material respects with the terms and
conditions of all such Policies.   (ii) Except as set forth in Section
4.1(k)(ii) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule, neither KSL nor any of its
Subsidiaries is in default under any provisions of the Policies, and there is
no claim by KSL or any Subsidiary of KSL or any other Person pending under
any of the Policies as to which coverage has been questioned, denied or
disputed by the underwriters or issuers of such Policies. Neither KSL nor any
of its Subsidiaries has received written notice from an insurance carrier
issuing any Policies that alteration of any equipment or any improvements
located on real property, purchase of additional equipment, or modification
of any of the methods of doing business of KSL or its Subsidiaries, will be
required or suggested after the date of this Agreement, except for any such
alterations or modifications as, either individually or in the aggregate,
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the KSL
Entities.   (l) ENVIRONMENTAL LIABILITY.    -21-       (i) Except
as set forth in Section 4.1(l) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule, and except
as would not have a Material Adverse Effect on the KSL Entities: (a) KSL and
its Subsidiaries, and to the Knowledge of KSL, the Kaneb Partially Owned
Entities, and their respective businesses, operations, properties and Assets
are in compliance with all Environmental Laws and all permits, registrations,
licenses, approvals, exemptions, variances, and other authorizations required
under Environmental Laws ("ENVIRONMENTAL PERMITS"); (b) KSL, its
Subsidiaries, and to the Knowledge of KSL, the Kaneb Partially
Owned Entities, have obtained or filed for all Environmental Permits for
its respective businesses, operations, properties and Assets as they
currently exist and all such Environmental Permits are currently in full
force and effect; (c) KSL, its Subsidiaries, and to the Knowledge of KSL, the
Kaneb Partially Owned Entities, and their respective businesses, operations,
properties and Assets are not subject to any pending or, to the Knowledge of
the KSL, threatened claims, actions, suits, writs, injunctions, decrees,
orders, judgments, investigations, inquiries or proceedings relating to their
compliance with Environmental Laws; (d) (i) there has been no Release of
Hazardous Substances on, under or from the current or former property owned,
leased or operated by KSL, its Subsidiaries or to the Knowledge of KSL the
Kaneb Partially Owned Entities, that was required to be reported under
applicable Environmental Laws but was not so reported, and (ii) KSL has
provided the VLI Entities with copies of all reports and
related documentation regarding any Release of Hazardous Substances on, under
or from the current or former property owned, leased or operated by KSL, its
respective Subsidiaries or the Kaneb Partially Owned Entities; (e) none of
KSL, its Subsidiaries, and to the Knowledge of KSL, the Kaneb Partially Owned
Entities have received any written notice asserting an alleged liability or
obligation under any Environmental Laws involving KSL, its Subsidiaries or
the Kaneb Partially Owned Entities with respect to the actual or alleged
Hazardous Substance contamination of any property offsite of the properties
of KSL; (f) to the Knowledge of KSL or its Subsidiaries, there are not any
existing, pending or threatened actions, suits, claims, investigations,
inquiries or proceedings by or before any court or any other Governmental
Entity directed against KSL, its Subsidiaries or the Kaneb Partially Owned
Entities that pertain or relate to personal injury or property damage claims
relating to a Release of Hazardous Substances; (g) there have been no
ruptures in the Pipeline Systems resulting in personal injury, loss of life,
or material property damage; (h) to the Knowledge of KSL, there are no
defects, corrosion or other damage to any of the Pipeline Systems that could
reasonably be expected to create a risk of pipeline integrity failure; and
(i) KSL has made available to VLI complete and correct information regarding
compliance matters relating to Environmental Laws in the possession of KSL or
its Subsidiaries and relating to their respective businesses,
operations, properties or Assets.   (ii) The following terms shall have the
following meanings:   (1) "ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS" means any and all applicable
laws,  statutes, regulations, rules, orders, ordinances, and legally 
enforceable directives of and agreements between a person that is  subject to
the applicable representation and any Governmental Entity  and rules of
common law pertaining to protection of human health (to  the extent arising
from exposure to Hazardous Substances) or the  environment (including any
generation, use, storage, treatment, or  Release of Hazardous Substances into
the environment) including the  Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation, and Liability Act,  42 U.S.C. Section 9601 ET SEQ., the
Resource Conservation and Recovery  Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 6901 ET   
-22-       SEQ., the Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 7401 ET SEQ., the
Federal  Water Pollution Control Act, 33 U.S.C. Section 1251 ET SEQ., the
Oil  Pollution Act of 1990, 33 U.S.C. Section 2701 ET SEQ., the Toxic 
Substances Control Act, 15 U.S.C. Section 2601 ET SEQ., the Safe  Drinking
Water Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 300f ET SEQ., the Occupational  Safety and
Health Act, 29 U.S.C. Section 651 ET SEQ., the Atomic  Energy Act, 42 U.S.C.
Section 2014 et seq., the Federal Insecticide,  Fungicide, and Rodenticide
Act, 7 U.S.C. Section 136 ET SEQ., and the  Federal Hazardous Materials
Transportation Law, 49 U.S.C. Section 5101  ET SEQ., as each has been amended
from time to time, and all other  environmental conservation and protection
laws.   (2) "HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES" means any (a) chemical, product, 
substance, waste, material, pollutant, or contaminant that is defined  or
listed as hazardous or toxic or that is otherwise regulated under  any
Environmental Law; (b) asbestos containing materials, whether in a  friable
or non-friable condition, polychlorinated biphenyls, naturally  occurring
radioactive materials or radon; and (c) any oil or gas  exploration or
production waste or any petroleum, petroleum  hydrocarbons, petroleum
products, crude oil and any components,  fractions, or derivatives
thereof.   (3) "RELEASE" means any depositing, spilling, leaking, pumping, 
pouring, emitting, discarding, emptying, discharging, injecting,  escaping,
leaching, dumping, or disposing into the environment.   (m) EMPLOYEE BENEFIT
PLANS; LABOR MATTERS.   (i) Section 4.1(m)(i) of the Kaneb Disclosure
Schedule includes a complete list of all Kaneb Benefit Plans.   (ii) With
respect to each Kaneb Plan, KSL has delivered or made available to VLI, as
applicable, a true, correct and complete copy of: (A) each Kaneb Plan
document or a summary of any unwritten Kaneb Plan, trust agreement and
insurance contract or other funding vehicle; (B) the most recent
Annual Report (Form 5500 Series) and accompanying schedule; (C) the current
summary plan description and any material modifications thereto (in each
case, whether or not required to be furnished under ERISA); (D) the most
recent annual financial report; (E) the most recent actuarial report; and (F)
the most recent determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service.
Except as specifically provided in the foregoing documents delivered or made
available to VLI, or except as provided in Section 4.1(m)(ii) of the Kaneb
Disclosure Schedule, there are no amendments to any Kaneb Plan that have been
adopted or approved nor has KSL or any of its Subsidiaries undertaken to make
any such amendments or to adopt or approve any new Kaneb Plan.   (iii)
Section 4.1(m)(iii) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule identifies each Kaneb
Plan that is intended to be a "qualified plan" within the meaning of Section
401(a) of the Code ("KANEB QUALIFIED PLANS"). The Internal Revenue Service
has issued a favorable determination letter with respect to each
Kaneb Qualified Plan and the related trust, and such determination letter has
not been revoked. No circumstances exist and no events have occurred   
-23-     that could adversely affect the qualified status of any Kaneb
Qualified Plan or the related trust, which could not be corrected under the
Internal Revenue Service\'s Employee Plans Compliance Resolution System
(Revenue Procedure 2003-44) without material liability. No Kaneb Plan is
intended to meet the requirements of Code Section 501(c)(9).   (iv) All
contributions required to be made to any Kaneb Plan by applicable law or
regulation or by any plan document or other contractual undertaking, and all
premiums due or payable with respect to insurance policies funding any Kaneb
Plan, for any period through the date of this Agreement have been timely made
or, to the extent not required to be made or paid on or before the date of
this Agreement, have been fully reflected on the financial statements. Each
Kaneb Benefit Plan that is an employee welfare benefit plan under Section
3(1) of ERISA is either (A) funded through an insurance company contract and
is not a "welfare benefit fund" with the meaning of Section 419 of the Code
or (B) unfunded.   (v) With respect to each Kaneb Plan that is subject to
Title IV or Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 or 4971 of the Code: (A)
there does not exist any accumulated funding deficiency within the meaning of
Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, whether or not waived; (B)
the fair market value of the assets of such Kaneb Plan equals or exceeds the
actuarial present value of all accrued benefits under such Kaneb Plan
(whether or not vested) on an accumulated benefits obligation basis based on
the most recent actuarial report for each such plan; (C) no reportable event
within the meaning of Section 4043(c) of ERISA for which the 30-day notice
requirement has not been waived has occurred, and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not result in the occurrence
of any such reportable event; (D) all premiums to the Pension Benefit
Guaranty Corporation (the "PBGC") have been timely paid in full; (E) no
liability (other than for premiums to the PBGC) under Title IV of ERISA has
been or is expected to be incurred by KSL or any of its Subsidiaries; and (F)
the PBGC has not instituted proceedings to terminate any such Kaneb Plan and,
to the Knowledge of KSL, no condition exists that presents a risk that such
proceedings will be instituted or which would constitute grounds under
Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee
to administer, any such Kaneb Plan.   (vi) (A) No Kaneb Benefit Plan is a
Multiemployer Plan or a plan that has two or more contributing sponsors at
least two of whom are not under common control, within the meaning of Section
4063 of ERISA; and (B) neither KSL, any of its Subsidiaries nor any ERISA
Affiliates has incurred any Withdrawal Liability that has not been satisfied
in full or reasonably expects to incur any such liability. With respect to
each Kaneb Benefit Plan that is a Multiemployer Plan, neither KSL, any of its
Subsidiaries, nor any of its ERISA Affiliates has received any notification,
nor has any reason to believe, that any such Multiemployer Plan is in
reorganization, has been terminated, is insolvent, or may reasonably be
expected to be in reorganization, to be insolvent, or to be terminated.  
(vii) (A) Each of the Kaneb Plans has been operated and administered in all
material respects in accordance with applicable law and administrative rules
and regulations of any Governmental Entity, including, but not limited
to, ERISA and the Code, and (B) there are no pending or, to the Knowledge of
KSL, threatened claims (other than claims for benefits in the ordinary
course), lawsuits or arbitrations which have been asserted or instituted
against the Kaneb Plans, any fiduciaries thereof with respect to their duties
to the Kaneb Plans or    -24-      the assets of any of the trusts
under any of the Kaneb Plans which could reasonably be expected to result in
any material liability of KSL or any of its Subsidiaries to the PBGC, the
U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Department of Labor, any Kaneb
Plan, any participant in a Kaneb Plan, or any other party.   (viii) Except
as set forth in Section 4.1(m)(viii) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule, KSL
and its Subsidiaries have no liability for life, health, medical or other
welfare benefits to former employees or beneficiaries or dependents thereof,
except for health continuation coverage that is required by Section 4980B of
the Code or Part 6 of Title I of ERISA or that is provided at no expense to
KSL and its Subsidiaries. KSL and its Subsidiaries have reserved the right to
amend, terminate or modify at any time all plans or arrangements providing
for retiree health or life insurance coverage.   (ix) Section 4.1(m)(ix) of
the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule sets forth (A) an accurate and complete list of
each Kaneb Plan under which the execution and delivery of this Agreement or
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby could (either alone
or in conjunction with any other event), result in, cause the accelerated
vesting, funding or delivery of, or increase the amount or value of, any
payment or benefit (including the forgiveness of indebtedness) to any
employee, officer or director of KSL or any of its Subsidiaries, or could
limit the right of KSL or any of its Subsidiaries to amend, merge, terminate
or receive a reversion of assets from any Kaneb Plan or related trust or any
material employment agreement or related trust, and (B) a reasonable good
faith estimate of the maximum amount of the payments or value of benefits
that could become payable to officers and senior management of KSL or any of
its Subsidiaries if their employment were terminated at the KSL
Effective Time. No amounts or benefits payable by KSL or any of its
Subsidiaries will be "parachute payments" within the meaning of Section 280G
of the Code.   (x) Except as would not reasonably be expected, individually
or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect on the KSL Entities,
all Kaneb Benefit Plans subject to the laws of any jurisdiction outside of
the United States (A) have been maintained in accordance with all applicable
requirements; (B) if they are intended to qualify for special tax treatment
meet all requirements for such treatment; and (C) if they are intended to be
funded and/or book-reserved are fully funded and/or book reserved, as
appropriate, based upon reasonable actuarial assumptions.   (xi) There does
not now exist, nor do any circumstances exist that could result in, any
liability (A) under Title IV of ERISA, (B) under section 302 of ERISA, (C)
under sections 412 and 4971 of the Code, (D) as a result of a failure to
comply with the continuation coverage requirements of section 601 et seq. of
ERISA and section 4980B of the Code, and (E) under corresponding or similar
provisions of foreign laws or regulations, other than such liabilities that
arise solely out of, or relate solely to, the Kaneb Benefit Plans, that would
be a liability of KSL or any of its Subsidiaries following the KSL Effective
Time. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither KSL nor any
of its Subsidiaries, nor any of its ERISA Affiliates, has engaged in
any transaction described in Section 4069, 4204 or 4212 of ERISA. With
respect to each Kaneb Plan, there is not now, nor do any circumstances exist
that could give rise to, any requirement for the posting of security with
respect to a Kaneb Plan or the imposition of any lien on the assets of KSL or
any of its Subsidiaries under ERISA or the Code.    -25-       (xii)
Neither KSL nor any of its Subsidiaries has any potential liability,
contingent or otherwise, under the Coal Industry Retiree Health Benefits Act
of 1992. None of KSL, any of its Subsidiaries or any entity that was ever an
ERISA Affiliate of KSL or a Subsidiary of KSL was, on July 20, 1992, required
to be treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code together
with an entity that was ever a party to any collective bargaining agreement
or any other agreement with the United Mine Workers of America.   (n)
PROPERTY OF THE KSL ENTITIES. Except for Permitted Encumbrances, failures
that could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in
the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the KSL Entities or as set forth
in Section 4.1(n) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule, KSL or its Subsidiaries
have defensible fee or leasehold title to use their other Assets, free and
clear of all Encumbrances. The KSL Entities do not own any real property.  
(o) INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect on the KSL Entities, (i) the KSL Entities and their
Subsidiaries own, or are licensed to use, all Intellectual Property used in
and necessary for the conduct of their business as it is currently
conducted, (ii) to the Knowledge of KSL, the use of Intellectual Property by
KSL and its Subsidiaries does not infringe on or otherwise violate the rights
of any third party, and, to the extent such Intellectual Property is
licensed, its use is in accordance in all material respects with the
applicable license pursuant to which KSL acquired the right to use such
Intellectual Property, (iii) to the Knowledge of KSL, no third party is
challenging, infringing on or otherwise violating any right of any of KSL in
the Intellectual Property, (iv) neither KSL nor any of its Subsidiaries has
received any written notice of any pending claim, order or proceeding with
respect to any Intellectual Property used in and necessary for the conduct of
KSL\'s and its Subsidiaries\' businesses, as they are presently conducted,
and (v) to the Knowledge of KSL, no Intellectual Property is being used or
enforced by KSL or any of its Subsidiaries in a manner that would reasonably
be expected to result in the abandonment, cancellation or unenforceability of
any Intellectual Property used in and necessary for the conduct of KSL\'s and
its Subsidiaries\' businesses, as they are presently conducted.   (p) STATE
TAKEOVER LAWS; RIGHTS PLAN.   (i) The Board of Directors of KSL has approved
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement as
required under Section 18-209 of the LLC Act and any other applicable state
takeover laws and any applicable provision of the KSL LLC Agreement so that
any such state takeover laws and such provisions will not apply to this
Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby.   (ii) KSL has
taken all action, if any, necessary or appropriate so that the execution of
this Agreement does not result in the ability of any person to exercise any
KSL Rights under the KSL Rights Agreement or enable or require the KSL Rights
to separate from the KSL Common Shares to which they are attached or to be
triggered or become exercisable. No "Distribution Date" or "Share Acquisition
Date" (as such terms are defined in the KSL Rights Agreement) has
occurred.   (q) OPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR. KSL has received the opinion
of Raymond James and Associates Inc., dated the date of this Agreement, to the
effect that the KSL Considera-    -26-      tion to be received by
KSL Shareholders in the KSL Merger is fair to such KSL Shareholders
(excluding VLI or any Affiliate or associate thereof, any Kaneb Entity or any
Affiliate or associate thereof, or any director or executive officer of any
Kaneb Entity) from a financial point of view.   (r) BOARD APPROVAL AND
GENERAL PARTNER APPROVAL. The Board of Directors of KSL, at a meeting duly
called and held, has by unanimous vote of those directors present, (i)
determined that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby are
advisable, fair to and in the best interests of the KSL Shareholders, (ii)
approved and adopted this Agreement and (iii) recommended that the KSL Merger
and this Agreement be approved and adopted by the KSL Shareholders.   (s)
BROKER\'S FEES. Neither KSL nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any of
their respective officers or directors has employed any broker or finder or
incurred any liability for any broker\'s fees, commissions or finder\'s fees
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (t)
TAXES. Except in each case for any exceptions that are
immaterial individually and in the aggregate or as set forth in Section
4.1(t) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule: (i) all Tax Returns that were
required to be filed by or with respect to KSL or any of its Subsidiaries
have been duly and timely filed, (ii) all items of income, gain, loss,
deduction and credit or other items required to be included in each such Tax
Return, have been so included, (iii) all Taxes owed by KSL or any of its
Subsidiaries that are or have become due have been timely paid in full or an
adequate reserve for the payment of such Taxes has been established, (iv) all
Tax withholding and deposit requirements imposed on or with respect to KSL or
any of its Subsidiaries have been satisfied in full in all respects, (v)
there are no Encumbrances on any of the assets of KSL or any of its
Subsidiaries that arose in connection with any failure (or alleged failure)
to pay any Tax, (vi) there is no written claim against KSL or any of its
Subsidiaries for any Taxes, and no assessment, deficiency or adjustment has
been asserted, proposed, or threatened in writing with respect to any Tax
Return of or with respect to KSL or any of its Subsidiaries, (vii) there is
not in force any extension of time with respect to the due date for
the filing of any Tax Return of or with respect to KSL or any of its
Subsidiaries or any waiver or agreement for any extension of time for the
assessment or payment of any Tax of or with respect to KSL or any of its
Subsidiaries, (viii) neither KSL nor any of its Subsidiaries will be required
to include any amount in income for any taxable period as a result of a
change in accounting method for any taxable period ending on or before the
Closing Date or pursuant to any agreement with any Tax authority with respect
to any such taxable period, (ix) except as set forth in Section 4.1(t)(ix) of
the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule, neither KSL nor any of its Subsidiaries is a
party to a Tax allocation or sharing agreement, and no payments are due or
will become due by KSL or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to any such
agreement or arrangement or any Tax indemnification agreement, (x) neither
KSL nor any of its Subsidiaries has been a member of an affiliated group
filing a consolidated federal income Tax Return or has any liability for the
Taxes of any Person (other than KSL or any of its Subsidiaries) under
Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state,
local, or foreign law), as a transferee or successor, by contract, or
otherwise, (xi) KSL is a "publicly traded partnership" for United States
federal income tax purposes, and (xii) at least 90% of the gross income of
KSL for each taxable year since its formation has been from sources that
will be treated as "qualifying income" within the meaning of section 7704(d)
of the Code.    -27-       (u) LABOR RELATIONS; COLLECTIVE
BARGAINING AGREEMENTS. Except as set forth on Section 4.1(u) of the Kaneb
Disclosure Schedule, neither KSL nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to
any collective bargaining or other labor union contract applicable to persons
employed by KSL or its Subsidiaries, and no collective bargaining agreement
or other labor union contract is being negotiated by KSL or its Subsidiaries.
No labor organization or group of employees of KSL or its Subsidiaries has
made a pending demand for recognition or certification, and there are no
representation or certification proceedings or petitions seeking a
representation proceeding presently pending or, to the Knowledge of KSL,
threatened to be brought or filed, with the National Labor Relations Board or
any other labor relations tribunal or authority. Except as would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the KSL Entities,
(i) there is no labor dispute, strike, slowdown or work stoppage against KSL
or any of its Subsidiaries pending or, to the Knowledge of KSL, threatened
against KSL or any of its Subsidiaries and (ii) no unfair labor practice or
labor charge or complaint has occurred with respect to KSL or
its Subsidiaries.   (v) REGULATION AS A UTILITY; INVESTMENT COMPANY. None
of the KSL Entities nor any of its Subsidiaries is (i) an "investment
company", as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended, or (ii) (1) a "public-utility company" or a
"holding company" or (2) a "subsidiary company" or an "affiliate" of a
"public-utility company" or a "holding company," as such terms are defined in
the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935, as amended. Except as set
forth in Section 4.1(v) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule, none of the KSL
Entities or their Affiliates, all or part of whose rates or services are
regulated by a Governmental Entity, is a party to any proceeding before a
Governmental Entity that could reasonably be expected to result in orders
having a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the KSL Entities, nor to the
Knowledge of the KSL Entities has notice of such a proceeding been given
or has any Governmental Entity indicated to any of the KSL Entities its
intention to hold such a proceeding.   4.2 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
OF VLI. Except as disclosed in a section of the VLI disclosure schedule
delivered to KSL concurrently herewith (the "VLI DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE")
corresponding to the subsection of this Section 4.2 to which such disclosure
applies or as specifically identified in the VLI SEC Documents filed prior to
the date hereof, VLI hereby represents and warrants to KSL as follows:  
(a) ORGANIZATION.   (i) Each of VLI, VLI GP and Parent GP is a limited
partnership duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the State of Delaware.   (ii) Each Subsidiary of VLI is duly
organized, validly existing under the laws of the State of Delaware and in
good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.   (iii) VLI GP is
the sole general partner of VLI. VLI GP is the sole record and beneficial
owner of the general partner interest in VLI, and such general partner
interest has been duly authorized and validly issued in accordance with
applicable laws and the VLI Partnership Agreement. VLI GP owns such general
partner interest free and clear of any Encumbrances. VLI GP is the sole
record and beneficial owner of all of the VLI Incentive Distribution
Rights and owns such rights free and clear of all Encumbrances.   
-28-       (iv) Parent GP is the sole general partner of VLI GP. Parent
GP is the sole record and beneficial owner of the general partner interest in
VLI GP, and such general partner interest has been duly authorized and
validly issued in accordance with applicable laws and the VLI GP partnership
agreement. Parent GP owns such general partner interest free and clear of any
Encumbrances.   (b) AUTHORITY; NO VIOLATION.   (i) Each of the VLI
Entities has full power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement
and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, subject to VLI
Unitholders Approval. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and
validly approved by VLI Sub A and VLI, as its sole member, and by VLI GP.
Parent GP, on behalf of VLI GP, has directed that the KPP Merger Agreement be
submitted to VLI Unitholders for approval at a meeting of VLI Unitholders
for the purpose of approving the issuance of VLI Common Units in the KPP
Merger (the "VLI UNITHOLDERS MEETING"), and except for the approval of the
issuance of VLI Common Units in the KPP Merger by both the holders of a
majority of the outstanding VLI Common Units and the holders of a majority of
the outstanding VLI Subordinated Units, each voting as a separate class, at a
meeting of VLI\'s unitholders at which a quorum is present (the "VLI
UNITHOLDERS APPROVAL"), no other proceedings on the part of any VLI Entity
are necessary to approve this Agreement or the KPP Merger Agreement and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly
and validly executed and delivered by the VLI Entities and (assuming due
authorization, execution and delivery by KSL) constitutes a valid and binding
obligation of the VLI Entities, enforceable against the VLI Entities in
accordance with its terms.   (ii) Neither the execution and delivery of this
Agreement by VLI, nor the consummation by VLI of the transactions
contemplated hereby, nor compliance by VLI with any of the terms or
provisions hereof, will (A) violate any provision of the VLI Partnership
Agreement or the organizational documents or its Subsidiaries, (B) assuming
that the consents and approvals referred to in Section 4.2(c) are duly
obtained, (x) violate any statute, code, ordinance, rule, regulation,
judgment, order, writ, decree or injunction applicable to VLI, any of its
Subsidiaries or Partially Owned Entities or any of their
respective properties or assets or (y) violate, conflict with, result in a
breach of any provision of or the loss of any benefit under, constitute a
default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would
constitute a default) under, result in the termination of or a right of
termination or cancellation under, accelerate the performance required by,
accelerate any right or benefit provided by, or result in the creation of any
Encumbrance upon any of the properties or assets of VLI, any of its
Subsidiaries or, to the VLI Entities\' Knowledge, the Partially Owned
Entities under any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond,
mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, license, lease, agreement or other
instrument or obligation to which VLI, any of its Subsidiaries or Partially
Owned Entities is a party, or by which they or any of their properties or
assets may be bound or affected, except (in the case of clause (y) above)
for such violations, conflicts, breaches or defaults which, either
individually or in the aggregate, will not have a Material Adverse Effect on
VLI.   (c) CONSENTS AND APPROVALS. Except for (i) the filing of a
notification and report form under the HSR Act and the termination or
expiration of the waiting period under the HSR Act, (ii) the Other Approvals,
(iii) the filing of the Certificate of Merger, (iv) any consents,   
-29-      authorizations, approvals, filings or exemptions in connection
with compliance with the rules of the NYSE, (v) such other consents,
approvals, filings and registrations the failure of which to obtain or make
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on VLI, no consents or approvals of or filings or
registrations with any Governmental Entity are necessary in connection with
(A) the execution and delivery by the VLI Entities of this Agreement and (B)
the consummation by the VLI Entities of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   (d) OPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR. VLI has received the opinion
of Credit Suisse First Boston LLC, dated the date of this Agreement, to the
effect that, as of the date of this Agreement, the aggregate consideration to
be paid by VLI in the KPP Merger and the KSL Merger is fair to VLI from a
financial point of view.   (e) GENERAL PARTNER APPROVAL. VLI GP has (i)
determined that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby are
advisable, fair to and in the best interests of the unitholders of VLI, (ii)
approved and adopted this Agreement, and (iii) recommended the approval of
the issuance of the VLI Common Units by the VLI Unitholders as contemplated
by the KPP Merger Agreement.   (f) BROKER\'S FEES. Neither VLI nor any of
its Subsidiaries nor any of its respective officers or directors has employed
any broker or finder or incurred any liability for any broker\'s fees,
commissions or finder\'s fees in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, excluding fees to be paid to Credit Suisse
First Boston LLC and Citigroup Global Markets Inc.   (g) FINANCING. VLI,
taken together with its Subsidiaries, will have available on the Closing Date
sufficient funds to enable it to consummate the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement.    ARTICLE V   COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF
BUSINESS   5.1 COVENANTS OF KSL. During the period from the date of this
Agreement and continuing until the KSL Effective Time, KSL agrees as to
itself and its Subsidiaries that without the written consent of VLI, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed (except as expressly
contemplated or permitted by this Agreement or a correspondingly numbered
subsection of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule):   (a) ORDINARY COURSE.  
(i) KSL and its Subsidiaries shall carry on their respective busines- ses in
the ordinary course consistent with past practices in all material respects,
in substantially the same manner as heretofore conducted, and shall use their
reasonable best efforts consistent with the other provisions of
this Agreement to keep available the services of their respective present
officers and key employees, preserve intact their present lines of business,
maintain their rights and franchises and preserve their relationships with
customers, suppliers and others having busi-    -30-      ness
dealings with them to the end that their ongoing businesses shall not
be impaired in any material respect at the KSL Effective Time.   (ii) KSL
shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, (A) enter into
any new material line of business or (B) incur or commit to any capital
expenditures or any obligations or liabilities in connection therewith, other
than capital expenditures and obligations or liabilities in
connection therewith (I) not exceeding $1 million individually, or $3 million
in the aggregate, or (II) contemplated by the 2004 or 2005 capital budget
approved by the board of directors of KSL and set forth on Section 5.1(a)(ii)
of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule.   (b) DISTRIBUTIONS; CHANGES IN SHARE
CAPITAL. Except as required under the KSL LLC Agreement, KSL shall not, and
shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, and shall not propose to, (i)
declare or pay any distributions or in respect of any of its equity
securities, except (x) the declaration and payment of regular quarterly cash
distributions not in excess of $0.495 per KSL Common Share with usual record
and payment dates for such distributions in accordance with past distribution
practice and (y) the declaration and payment of regular distributions from a
wholly owned Subsidiary of any of the KSL Entities to its parent KSL Entity
or to another wholly owned Subsidiary of such parent KSL Entity in accordance
with past distribution practice, (ii) split, combine or reclassify any of its
equity securities or issue or authorize or propose the issuance of any other
securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for, its equity
securities, except for any such transaction by a wholly owned Subsidiary of
any KSL Entity which remains a wholly owned Subsidiary of such KSL Entity
after consummation of such transaction, or (iii) repurchase, redeem
or otherwise acquire any of its equity securities or any securities
convertible into or exercisable for any equity securities.   (c) ISSUANCE
OF SECURITIES. The KSL Entities shall not, and shall not permit any of their
respective Subsidiaries to, issue, deliver, sell, pledge or dispose of, or
authorize or propose the issuance, delivery, sale, pledge or disposition of,
any of its equity securities, any Voting Debt or any securities convertible
into or exercisable for, or any rights, warrants, calls or options to
acquire, any such shares or Voting Debt, or enter into any
commitment, arrangement, undertaking or agreement with respect to any of the
foregoing, other than (i) the issuance of KSL Common Shares (and the
associated KSL Rights) upon the exercise of KSL Stock Options outstanding as
of the date of this Agreement or in satisfaction of KSL Deferred Share Units
unsatisfied as of the date of this Agreement, in each case in accordance with
their present terms, (ii) issuances, sales or deliveries by a wholly owned
Subsidiary of any of the KSL Entities of equity securities or partnership
units to such Subsidiary\'s parent or another wholly owned Subsidiary of any
of the KSL Entities or (iii) issuances in accordance with the KSL Rights
Agreement.   (d) GOVERNING DOCUMENTS. Except to the extent required to
comply with its obligations hereunder or with applicable law, KSL shall not
and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries not to amend or propose to amend its
partnership agreement or limited liability company agreement or similar
organizational documents.   (e) NO ACQUISITIONS. Except for acquisitions (i)
set forth in Section 5.1(e) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule or (ii) in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice that do not exceed
$1 million individually or $3 million in the aggregate, KSL shall not, and
shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, acquire or agree to acquire by
merger or consoli-    -31-      dation, or by purchasing a
substantial equity interest in or a substantial portion of the assets of, or
by any other manner, any business or any corporation, partnership,
association or other business organization or division thereof or otherwise
acquire or agree to acquire any assets (excluding the acquisition of assets
used in the operations of the business of KSL and its Subsidiaries in the
ordinary course, which assets do not constitute a business unit, division or
all or substantially all of the assets of the transferor and which
acquisitions are in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice).   (f) NO DISPOSITIONS. KSL shall not, and shall not permit
any of its Subsidiaries to, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of, or agree to
sell, lease or otherwise dispose of, in each case including but not limited
to by way of merger, any of its assets (including equity securities or
partnership units of Subsidiaries of KSL), except for, in the case of assets
that are not equity securities or partnership units, dispositions or
encumbrances of immaterial assets in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice.   (g) INVESTMENTS; INDEBTEDNESS. KSL shall
not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, (i) make any loans,
advances or capital contributions to, or investments in, any other Person,
other than (x) loans or investments by KSL or any of its wholly owned
Subsidiaries to any of their wholly owned Subsidiaries or parent wholly
owning such entity, (y) in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice which are not, individually or in the aggregate, material to
KSL and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole (PROVIDED that none of such
transactions referred to in this clause (y) presents a material risk of
making it more difficult to obtain any approval or authorization required in
connection with the KSL Merger under Regulatory Law) or (ii) except for
additional borrowings under existing loan arrangements, incur
any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee or assume any such
indebtedness of another Person, issue or sell any debt securities or warrants
or other rights to acquire any debt securities of KSL or any of its
Subsidiaries, guarantee any debt securities of another person, enter into any
"keep well" or other agreement to maintain any financial statement condition
of another Person (other than any wholly owned Subsidiary or KPP or any
wholly owned Subsidiary of KPP) or enter into any arrangement having the
economic effect of any of the foregoing. Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Agreement, KSL and its Subsidiaries shall be entitled to transfer
funds and make payments to KPP and its Subsidiaries (i) to reimburse KPP and
its Subsidiaries for obligations (which otherwise were incurred in compliance
with the KPP Merger Agreement) of KSL or its Subsidiaries incurred by KPP or
its Subsidiaries or (ii) in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice.   (h) COMPENSATION. Except (i) as disclosed on Section 5.1(h)
of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule or except as required by law or by the terms
of any collective bargaining agreement or other agreement in effect as of the
date hereof between KSL or its Subsidiaries and any director, officer or
employee thereof identified on Section 5.1(h) of the Kaneb Disclosure
Schedule, or (ii) as otherwise agreed by KSL and VLI, KSL shall not and shall
not permit any of its Subsidiaries to (A) increase the amount of compensation
of, or pay any severance to, any director, officer or employee of KSL or its
Subsidiaries (except for increases in base salary or wages to employees who
are not directors or officers of the foregoing entities in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice), (B) make any increase in
or commitment to increase any employee benefits, (C) grant any additional KSL
Stock Options or other equity-based awards or permit the deferral or accrual
of any amounts under the KSL Deferred Share Unit Ar-   
-32-      rangements or any similar plan, (D) adopt, enter into or
amend, make any commitment to adopt, enter into or amend, or take any action
to clarify any provision of, any Kaneb Benefit Plan, (E) fund or make any
contribution to any Kaneb Benefit Plan or any related trust or other funding
vehicles, other than regularly scheduled contributions to trusts funding
qualified plans, or (F) adopt, enter into or amend any collective bargaining
agreement or other arrangement relating to union or organized employees.  
(i) ACCOUNTING METHODS; TAX ELECTIONS. Except as disclosed in Kaneb
SEC Documents filed prior to the date of this Agreement, or as required by
a Governmental Entity, KSL shall not change in any material respect its
methods of accounting in effect at December 31, 2003, except as required by
changes in GAAP as concurred in by KSL\'s independent public accountants. KSL
shall not (i) change its fiscal year or any method of tax accounting, (ii)
make any material Tax election or (iii) settle or compromise any material
liability for Taxes.   (j) MATERIAL CONTRACTS. Other than in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice or as disclosed on Section
5.1(j) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule, KSL and its Subsidiaries shall not
enter into any contract or agreement that would be a Kaneb Contract if in
existence as of the date of this Agreement or terminate or amend in any
material respect any Kaneb Contract or waive any material rights under any
Kaneb Contract.   (k) SETTLEMENT OF DISPUTES. KSL and its Subsidiaries shall
not settle any claim, demand, lawsuit or state or federal regulatory
proceeding (i) for damages to the extent such settlement in the aggregate
assesses damages in excess of $500,000 or (ii) seeking an injunction or any
other equitable relief, except in case of clause (i) a settlement of any such
claim, demand, lawsuit or state or federal regulatory proceeding within the
specific amount reserved and identified on Section 5.1(k) of the Kaneb
Disclosure Schedule, provided that such settlement achieves a full, final and
non-appealable resolution of the matter reserved.   (l) INSURANCE. KSL
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain with financially
responsible insurance companies insurance in such amounts and against such
risks and losses as are now carried by KSL and its Subsidiaries.   (m)
GOVERNMENTAL FILINGS. KSL shall file on a timely basis all material notices,
reports, returns and other filings required to be filed with or reported to
any Governmental Entity, as well as all applications and other documents
necessary to maintain, renew or extend any material permit, license, variance
or any other approval required by any Governmental Entity for the continuing
operation of its business.   (n) CERTAIN ACTIONS. KSL and its Subsidiaries
shall not take any action or omit to take any action which action or omission
would reasonably be expected to prevent or materially delay or impede the
consummation of the KSL Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   (o) NO RELATED ACTIONS. KSL shall not, and shall not permit any
of its Subsidiaries to, agree or commit to do any of the foregoing.   5.2
COVENANTS OF VLI. During the period from the date of this Agreement
and continuing until the KSL Effective Time, each of the VLI Entities agrees
as to itself and its Sub-    -33-      sidiaries that without the
written consent of KSL, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed (except as expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement or a
correspondingly numbered subsection of the VLI Disclosure Schedule):   (a)
CERTAIN ACTIONS. The VLI Entities and their Subsidiaries shall not take any
action or omit to take any action which action or omission would
reasonably be expected to prevent or materially delay or impede the
consummation of the Merger, the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or the payment of the KSL Consideration.   (b) NO RELATED
ACTIONS. Each of the VLI Entities shall not, and shall not permit any of its
Subsidiaries to, agree or commit to do any of the foregoing.   5.3
GOVERNMENTAL FILINGS. To the extent permitted by law or regulation or any
applicable confidentiality agreement, KSL and VLI shall confer on
a reasonable basis with each other on operational matters. KSL and VLI shall
file all reports required to be filed by each of them with the SEC (and all
other Governmental Entities) between the date of this Agreement and the KSL
Effective Time and shall, if requested by the other and (to the extent
permitted by law or regulation or any applicable confidentiality agreement)
deliver to the other party copies of all such reports, announcements and
publications promptly upon request.   5.4 CONTROL OF OTHER PARTY\'S
BUSINESS. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall give KSL, directly or
indirectly, the right to control or direct VLI\'s operations or give VLI,
directly or indirectly, the right to control or direct KSL\'s operations
prior to the KSL Effective Time. Prior to the KSL Effective Time, KSL and VLI
shall exercise, consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
complete control and supervision over its respective operations.    ARTICLE
VI   ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS   6.1 PREPARATION OF PROXY STATEMENT;
SHAREHOLDERS MEETINGS.   (a) As promptly as reasonably practicable following
the date of this Agreement, VLI and KSL shall cooperate in preparing and each
shall cause to be filed with the SEC mutually acceptable proxy materials
which shall constitute the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus and VLI shall
prepare and file with the SEC the Form S-4. The Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus will be included as a prospectus in and will constitute
a part of the Form S-4 as VLI\'s prospectus. Each of VLI and KSL shall use
reasonable best efforts to have the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus cleared
by the SEC and the Form S-4 declared effective by the SEC. VLI and KSL shall,
as promptly as practicable after receipt thereof, provide each other with
copies of any written comments, and advise each other of any oral comments,
with respect to the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus or Form S-4 received
from the SEC. The parties shall cooperate and provide the other party with a
reasonable opportunity to review and comment on any amendment or supplement
to the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus and Form S-4 prior to filing such
with the SEC and will provide each other with a copy of all such filings made
with the SEC. Notwithstanding any other provision herein to the contrary, no
amendment or supplement (including by    -34-      incorporation by
reference) to the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus or the Form S-4 shall be
made without the approval of both VLI and KSL, which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed; PROVIDED that, with respect to documents
filed by a party which are incorporated by reference in the Form S-4 or the
Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus, this right of approval shall apply
only with respect to information relating to the other party or its
business, financial condition or results of operations. VLI will use
reasonable best efforts to cause the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus to be
mailed to the VLI Unitholders, and KSL will use reasonable best efforts to
cause the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus to be mailed to KSL Shareholders,
in each case as promptly as practicable after the Form S-4 is declared
effective under the Securities Act. Each party will advise the other party,
promptly after it receives notice thereof, of the time when the Form S-4 has
become effective, the issuance of any stop order, the suspension of the
qualification of the VLI Common Units issuable in connection with the KPP
Merger for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or any request by the SEC
for amendment of the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus or the Form S-4. If, at
any time prior to the KSL Effective Time, any information relating to VLI or
KSL, or any of their respective Affiliates, officers or directors, is
discovered by VLI or KSL and such information should be set forth in an
amendment or supplement to either of the Form S-4 or the Joint
Proxy Statement/Prospectus so that any of such documents would not include
any misstatement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading, the party discovering such information
shall promptly notify the other party hereto and, to the extent required by
law, rules or regulations, an appropriate amendment or supplement describing
such information shall be promptly filed with the SEC and disseminated to the
KSL Shareholders and the VLI Unitholders.   KSL shall use its reasonable
best efforts to ensure that none of the information to be supplied by KSL or
its Subsidiaries in the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus shall, at the time
of the mailing of the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus and any amendments or
supplements thereto, and at the time of each of the KSL Shareholders Meeting,
and the VLI Unitholders Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. KSL shall use its
reasonable best efforts to ensure that the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus
will comply, as of its mailing date, as to form in all material respects with
all applicable laws, including the provisions of the Exchange Act and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, except that no covenant is made
by KSL with respect to information supplied by VLI for inclusion in any
filing by KSL with the SEC.   VLI shall use its reasonable best efforts to
ensure that none of the information to be supplied by the VLI Entities or
their Subsidiaries in the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus will, at the time
of the mailing of the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus and any amendments or
supplements thereto, and at the time of each of the KSL Shareholders Meeting
and the VLI Unitholders Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. VLI shall use its
reasonable best efforts to ensure that the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus
will comply, as of its mailing date, as to form in all material respects with
all applicable laws, including the provisions of the   
-35-     Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, except that no covenant is made by the VLI Entities with respect
to information supplied by KSL for inclusion therein.   (b) KSL shall duly
take all lawful action to call, give notice of, convene and hold the KSL
Shareholders Meeting as soon as practicable on a date determined in
accordance with the mutual agreement of VLI and KSL for the purpose of
obtaining the KSL Shareholder Approval and, subject to Section 6.4, shall
take all lawful action to solicit the KSL Shareholder Approval. The Board of
Directors of KSL (i) shall recommend the approval and adoption of the plan
of merger contained in this Agreement by the KSL Shareholders to the effect
as set forth in Section 4.1(r) (the "KANEB RECOMMENDATION"), and (ii) shall
not, unless VLI first makes a Change in the VLI Recommendation, (x) withdraw,
modify or qualify (or propose to withdraw, modify or qualify) in any manner
adverse to VLI the Kaneb Recommendation or (y) take any action or make any
statement in connection with the KSL Shareholder Meeting inconsistent with
such recommendation (collectively, a "CHANGE IN THE KANEB RECOMMENDATION");
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the Board of Directors of KSL may make a Change in
the Kaneb Recommendation pursuant to Section 6.4 hereof. KSL agrees, in its
capacity as a KPP Unitholder, that it shall cause all KPP Units beneficially
owned by it or any of its Subsidiaries (whether beneficially owned as of the
date hereof or acquired thereafter and prior to the record date for the KPP
Unitholders Meeting) to be present for quorum purposes at the KPP Unitholders
Meeting and shall vote or cause to be voted such KPP Units in favor of the
approval and adoption of the KPP Merger Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby, and against any Acquisition Proposal at any meeting of
KPP Unitholders at which such proposal may be considered.   (c) VLI shall
duly take all lawful action to call, give notice of, convene and hold the VLI
Unitholders Meeting as soon as practicable on a date determined in accordance
with the mutual agreement of VLI and KSL for the purpose of obtaining the VLI
Unitholders Approval and shall take all lawful action to solicit the VLI
Unitholders Approval. The Board of Directors of VLI GP shall recommend the
approval of the issuance of VLI Common Units in the KPP Merger by the VLI
Unitholders to the effect set forth in Section 4.2(e) (the
"VLI RECOMMENDATION"), and shall not, unless the board of directors of KSL
(pursuant to this Agreement) or the board of directors of KPP GP (pursuant to
the KPP Merger Agreement) first makes a Change in the Kaneb Recommendation
(as defined in this Agreement and in the KPP Merger Agreement), (x) withdraw,
modify or qualify (or propose to withdraw, modify or qualify) in any manner
adverse to the Kaneb Entities the VLI Recommendation or (y) take any action
or make any statement in connection with the VLI Unitholders Meeting
inconsistent with such recommendation (collectively, a "CHANGE IN THE VLI
RECOMMENDATION").   6.2 ACCESS TO INFORMATION. Upon reasonable notice, each
party shall (and shall cause its Subsidiaries to), except as prohibited by
law, afford to the officers, employees, accountants, counsel, financial
advisors and other representatives of the other party reasonable access
during normal business hours, during the period prior to the Effective Times,
to all its properties, books, contracts, commitments, records, officers and
employees, and, during such period, such party shall (and shall cause its
Subsidiaries to) furnish promptly to the other party (a) a copy of each
report, schedule, registration statement and other document filed, published,
announced or received by it in connection with the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement during such period pursuant to the requirements of Federal,
state or foreign laws (including, without limitation, pursuant to the HSR
Act, the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the rules   
-36-      of any Governmental Entity thereunder), as applicable (other
than documents which such party is not permitted to disclose under applicable
law), and (b) all other information concerning it and its business,
properties and personnel as such other party may reasonably request;
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that either party may restrict the foregoing access to the
extent that (i) any law, treaty, rule or regulation of any Governmental
Entity applicable to such party or any contract requires such party or its
Subsidiaries to restrict or prohibit access to any such properties or
information or (ii) such disclosure of the information would breach
confidentiality obligations owed to a third party (provided, further, that if
the circumstances of the preceding proviso occur, the parties will use
reasonable best efforts to agree upon alternate disclosure methods to convey,
to the maximum extent possible, the substance of such information to
the requesting party). The parties will hold any information obtained
pursuant to this Section 6.2 in confidence in accordance with, and shall
otherwise be subject to, the provisions of the amended and restated
confidentiality agreement dated August 8, 2004, between KPP, KSL and VLI (the
"CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT"), which Confidentiality Agreement shall continue
in full force and effect. Any investigation by either VLI or KSL shall not
affect the representations and warranties of the other.   6.3 REASONABLE
BEST EFFORTS.   (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
each party hereto will use its reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to
be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary,
proper or advisable under this Agreement and applicable laws and regulations
to consummate the KSL Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement as soon as reasonably practicable after the date of this Agreement,
including (i) preparing and filing as promptly as practicable all
documentation to effect all necessary applications, notices, petitions,
filings, and other documents and to obtain as promptly as reasonably
practicable all Necessary Consents and all other consents, waivers, licenses,
orders, registrations, approvals, permits, rulings, authorizations and
clearances necessary or advisable to be obtained from any third party and/or
any Governmental Entity in order to consummate the KSL Merger or any of the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement (collectively, the
"REQUIRED APPROVALS") and (ii) using its reasonable best efforts to obtain
all such Necessary Consents and the Required Approvals. In furtherance of and
not in limitation of the foregoing, each of VLI and KSL agrees (i) to make
(A) as promptly as reasonably practicable, an appropriate filing of a
Notification and Report Form pursuant to the HSR Act with respect to the
transactions contemplated hereby, (B) as promptly as reasonably
practicable, appropriate filings with the Canadian Competition Commission, if
required, in accordance with applicable competition, merger control,
antitrust, investment or similar laws, and (C) as promptly as reasonably
practicable, all other necessary filings with other Governmental Entities
relating to the KSL Merger, and, to supply as promptly as reasonably
practicable any additional information or documentation that may be requested
pursuant to such laws or by such authorities and to use reasonable best
efforts to cause the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting
periods under the HSR Act and the receipt of Required Approvals under such
other laws or from such authorities as soon as reasonably practicable and
(ii) not to extend any waiting period under the HSR Act or enter into any
agreement with the FTC or the DOJ not to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except with the prior written
consent of the other parties hereto (which shall not be unreasonably withheld
or delayed).    -37       (b) Each of KSL and the VLI Entities shall,
in connection with the efforts referenced in Section 6.3(a) to obtain all
Required Approvals, use its reasonable best efforts to (i) cooperate in all
respects with each other in connection with any filing or submission and in
connection with any investigation or other inquiry, including any proceeding
initiated by a private party, (ii) subject to applicable law, permit the
other party to review in advance any proposed written communication between
it and any Governmental Entity, (iii) promptly inform each other of (and, at
the other party\'s reasonable request, supply to such other party) any
communication (or other correspondence or memoranda) received by such party
from, or given by such party to, the DOJ, the FTC or any other Governmental
Entity and of any material communication received or given in connection with
any proceeding by a private party, in each case regarding any of the
transactions contemplated hereby, (iv) consult with each other in advance to
the extent practicable of any meeting or conference with the DOJ, the FTC or
any other Governmental Entity or, in connection with any proceeding by a
private party, with any other Person, and to the extent permitted by the DOJ,
the FTC or such other applicable Governmental Entity or other Person, give
the other party the opportunity to attend and participate in such meetings
and conferences, and (v) subject to any action taken by the parties pursuant
to Section 6.3(c), respond promptly and fully to any "second request" or
other request for information in connection with filings required by the HSR
Act or any similar or corresponding foreign or state statute, law, rule or
regulation.   (c) In furtherance and not in limitation (except as otherwise
expressly set forth) of the covenants of the parties contained in Section
6.3(a) and 6.3(b), if any administrative or judicial action or proceeding,
including any proceeding by a private party, is instituted (or threatened to
be instituted) challenging any transaction contemplated by this Agreement as
violative of any regulatory law, or if any statute, rule, regulation,
executive order, decree, injunction or administrative order is enacted,
entered, promulgated or enforced by a Governmental Entity which would make
the KSL Merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby illegal or would
otherwise prohibit or materially impair or delay the consummation of the KSL
Merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby, KSL and the VLI
Entities shall cooperate with each other in all respects in responding
thereto, and each party shall use its respective reasonable best efforts in
responding thereto, including (i) contesting and resisting any such action or
proceeding, and to have vacated, lifted, reversed or overturned any decree,
judgment, injunction or other order, whether temporary, preliminary
or permanent, that is in effect and that prohibits, prevents or
restricts consummation of the KSL Merger or the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and to have such statute, rule, regulation,
executive order, decree, injunction or administrative order repealed,
rescinded or made inapplicable so as to permit consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (ii) holding separate or
otherwise disposing of or conducting their business in a specified manner, or
agreeing to sell, hold separate or otherwise dispose of or conduct their
business in a specified manner or permitting the sale, holding separate or
other disposition of, assets of VLI, KSL or its Subsidiaries or
the conducting of their business in a specified manner, provided that the
actions described in this clause (ii) would not reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect on the VLI Entities taken as a whole, the
Kaneb Entities taken as a whole, or the combined VLI Entities and Kaneb
Entities after consummation of the KSL Merger. Notwithstanding the foregoing
or any other provision of this Agreement, nothing in this Section 6.3 shall
limit a party\'s right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.1(b)
or 8.1(c) so long as such party has up to then complied with its obligations
under this Section 6.3.    -38-       (d) Each of the VLI Entities
and KSL and their respective Boards of Directors and general partners shall,
if any state takeover statute or similar statute becomes applicable to this
Agreement, the KSL Merger or any other transactions contemplated hereby, take
all action reasonably necessary to ensure that the KSL Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement may be consummated as promptly as
practicable on the terms contemplated hereby and otherwise to minimize the
effect of such statute or regulation on this Agreement, the KSL Merger and
the other transactions contemplated hereby.   6.4 ACQUISITION PROPOSALS.  
(a) KSL agrees that neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any of
its officers and directors nor those of its Subsidiaries shall, and that it
shall cause its and its Subsidiaries\' employees, agents and representatives
(including any investment banker, attorney or accountant retained by it or
any of its Subsidiaries) not to, directly or indirectly, (i) initiate,
solicit, encourage or knowingly take any action that facilitates any
inquiries, or the making of any proposal or offer, with respect to, or a
transaction to effect, a merger, reorganization, share exchange,
consolidation, business combination, recapitalization, liquidation,
dissolution or similar transaction involving KSL or any of its Subsidiaries,
or any purchase, sale or other transfer of 10% or more of the consolidated
assets of KSL (including stock of its Subsidiaries) of it or its
Subsidiaries, or any purchase or sale of, or tender or exchange offer for, or
other transfer of, its equity securities that, if consummated, would result
in any Person (or the shareholders of such Person) beneficially
owning securities representing 10% or more of the total voting power of KSL
or the voting power of any of its Subsidiaries (any such proposal, offer
or transaction, other than (a) a proposal or offer made by VLI or an
Affiliate thereof, or (b) a proposal, offer or transaction solely involving
the equity securities of KPP to the extent KPP and KPP GP comply with their
obligation relating thereto under the KPP Merger Agreement, being hereinafter
referred to as an "ACQUISITION PROPOSAL"), (ii) except as the board of
directors of KSL determines in good faith, after consultation with outside
counsel and taking into account any change in the terms of the KSL Merger or
other proposal made reasonably promptly by VLI after being notified pursuant
to Section 6.4(b), that doing so is necessary for such directors to comply
with their fiduciary duties under applicable law (and in such case only after
entering into a confidentiality agreement with such Person on terms no less
favorable to KSL than the Confidentiality Agreement and conditioned upon
contemporaneously providing to VLI a copy of any such information or data
that it is providing to any such Person pursuant to this Section 6.4 to the
extent not previously provided or made available to VLI), have any discussion
with or provide any confidential information or data to any Person relating
to an Acquisition Proposal, or engage in any negotiations concerning an
Acquisition Proposal, (iii) approve or recommend, or propose publicly to
approve or recommend, any Acquisition Proposal or (iv) approve or recommend,
or propose to approve or recommend, or execute or enter into, any letter of
intent, agreement in principle, merger agreement, acquisition agreement,
option agreement or other similar agreement or propose publicly or agree to
do any of the foregoing related to any Acquisition Proposal.   (b
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, KSL (and
the Board of Directors of KSL shall be permitted to (A) take and publicly
disclose a position to the extent necessary to comply with Rule 14d-9 or Rule
14e-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act with regard to an Acquisition
Proposal (to the extent applicable), (B) effect a Change in the Kaneb
Recommendation, or (C) engage in discussions or negotiations with, or provide
any informa-    -39-      tion (whether confidential, non-public or
otherwise) to, any Person in response to an unsolicited bona fide written
Acquisition Proposal by any such Person, if and only to the extent that, in
any such case referred to in clause (B) or (C), (I) the KSL Shareholder
Meeting shall not have occurred other than as a result of a breach by KSL of
its obligations pursuant to Section 6.1, (II) (y) in the case of clause (B)
above, it has received an unsolicited bona fide written Acquisition Proposal
from a third party not in violation of Section 6.4(a) and the Board of
Directors of KSL concludes in good faith that such Acquisition Proposal
constitutes a Superior Proposal, (III) in the case of clause (B) or
(C) above, the Board of Directors of KSL, after receipt of the advice of
outside counsel, determines in good faith that doing so is necessary for such
directors to comply with their fiduciary duties under applicable law, (IV)
prior to providing any information or data permitted to be provided pursuant
to this sentence, KSL shall have entered into a confidentiality agreement
with such Person on terms no less favorable to the KSL than the
Confidentiality Agreement, and shall have provided to VLI a copy of any such
information or data that it is providing to any such Person pursuant to this
Section 6.4 to the extent not previously provided or made available to VLI,
and (V) prior to providing any information or data to any Person or entering
into discussions or negotiations with any Person, KSL shall notify VLI
promptly of such inquiries, proposals or offers received by, any such
information requested from, or any such discussions or negotiations sought to
be initiated or continued with, any of its representatives indicating, in
connection with such notice, the name of such Person and the material terms
and conditions of any inquiries, proposals or offers, along with a copy of
the relevant proposed transaction agreements, if such exist, with the party
making such Acquisition Proposal. KSL agrees that it will promptly keep VLI
reasonably informed of the status and terms of any inquiries, proposals or
offers and the status and terms of any discussions or negotiations, including
the identity of the party making such inquiry, proposal or offer. KSL agrees
that it will, and will cause its officers, directors and employees and use
its reasonable best efforts to cause its representatives to, immediately
cease and cause to be terminated any activities, discussions or negotiations
existing as of the date of this Agreement with any parties (other than the
parties to this Agreement) conducted heretofore with respect to
any Acquisition Proposal. KSL agrees that it will use reasonable best efforts
to promptly inform its directors, officers, key employees, agents
and representatives of the obligations undertaken in this Section 6.4.  
6.5 FEES AND EXPENSES. Subject to Section 8.2, whether or not the KSL Merger
is consummated, all Expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party
incurring such Expenses, except Expenses incurred in connection with any
filings under the HSR Act the filing, printing and mailing of the Joint
Proxy Statement/Prospectus, which shall be shared equally by VLI, on the one
hand, and the Kaneb Entities, on the other hand.   6.6 DIRECTORS\' AND
OFFICERS\' INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE.   (a) The indemnification
provisions of the KSL LLC Agreement as in effect as of the date hereof shall
not be amended, repealed or otherwise modified for a period of at least six
years from the KSL Effective Time in any manner that would adversely affect
the rights thereunder of individuals who at the KSL Effective Time would be
entitled to indemnification by KSL under the KSL LLC Agreement. At the KSL
Effective Time, VLI shall cause the Surviving LLC to honor in accordance with
their respective terms each of the covenants contained in this Section 6.6
applicable thereto.    -40-       (b) Without limiting Section
6.6(a), but without duplication of any right or benefit thereunder, after the
KSL Effective Time, each of VLI and the Surviving LLC shall, to the fullest
extent permitted under applicable law, indemnify and hold harmless, each
present and former director, officer and employee of KSL or any of its
Subsidiaries (each, together with such person\'s heirs, executors or
administrators, an "INDEMNIFIED PARTY" and collectively, the "INDEMNIFIED
PARTIES"), in their capacity as such, against any costs or
expenses (including reasonable attorneys\' fees), judgments, fines, losses,
claims, damages, liabilities and amounts paid in settlement in connection
with any actual or threatened claim, action, suit, proceeding or
investigation, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative,
arising out of, relating to or in connection with (x) any action or omission
occurring or alleged to occur prior to the KSL Effective Time (including,
without limitation, acts or omissions in connection with such persons serving
as an officer, director, manager, partner, employee or other fiduciary in any
entity if such service was at the request of KSL) and (y) the KSL Merger and
the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement or arising out of or
pertaining to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In the event
of any such actual or threatened claim, action, suit, proceeding or
investigation (whether arising before or after the Effective Time), (i) KSL
or VLI and the Surviving LLC, as the case may be, shall pay the reasonable
fees and expenses of counsel selected by the Indemnified Parties, which
counsel shall be reasonably satisfactory to VLI and the Surviving LLC,
promptly after statements therefor are received and shall pay all other
reasonable expenses in advance of the final disposition of such action,
subject to the receipt of any undertaking (which need not be secured) by or
on behalf of the Indemnified Party to repay such amount if it shall be
determined that such Person is not entitled to be indemnified pursuant to the
KSL LLC Agreement, (ii) VLI and the Surviving LLC will use all
reasonable efforts to assist in and cooperate in the defense of any such
matter, and (iii) to the extent any determination is required to be made with
respect to whether an Indemnified Party\'s conduct complies with the
standards set forth under Delaware law and VLI\'s or the Surviving LLC\'s
respective partnership agreement, such determination shall be made by
independent legal counsel acceptable to VLI or the Surviving LLC, as the case
may be, and the Indemnified Party; provided, however, that neither VLI nor
the Surviving LLC shall be liable for any settlement effected without its
prior written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld) and,
provided further, that if VLI or the Surviving LLC advances or pays any
amount to any Person under this paragraph (b) and if it shall thereafter be
finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that such Person was
not entitled to be indemnified hereunder for all or any portion of such
amount, to the extent required by law, such person shall repay such amount or
such portion thereof, as the case may be, to VLI or the Surviving LLC, as the
case may be. The Indemnified Parties as a group may not retain more than one
law firm to represent them with respect to each matter unless there is, under
applicable standards of professional conduct, a conflict requiring separate
representation on any significant issue between the positions of any two or
more Indemnified Parties.   (c) In the event the Surviving LLC or VLI or any
of their successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any other
Person and shall not be the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of
such consolidation or merger, or (ii) transfers all or substantially all of
its properties and assets to any Person, then and in each such case, proper
provisions shall be made so that the successors and assigns of the Surviving
LLC or VLI shall assume the obligations of the Surviving LLC or VLI, as the
case may be, set forth in this Section 6.6.    -41-       (d) For a
period of six years after the KSL Effective Time, VLI shall cause to be
maintained in effect the current policies of directors\' and
officers\' liability insurance maintained by KSL and its Subsidiaries with
respect to matters arising on or before the KSL Effective Time (provided that
VLI may substitute therefor policies of at least the same coverage and
amounts containing terms and conditions that are no less advantageous to the
Indemnified Parties, and which coverages and amounts shall be no less than
the coverages and amounts provided at that time for VLI\'s directors and
officers) with respect to matters arising on or before the KSL Effective
Time; provided, however, PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that in no event shall VLI (or
any such successor) be required to expend in any one year an amount in excess
of 200% of the annual premiums currently paid by KSL and its Subsidiaries for
such insurance; and, PROVIDED FURTHER that if the annual premiums of such
insurance coverage exceed such amount, VLI (or any such successor) shall
obtain a policy with the greatest coverage available for a cost not exceeding
such amount.   (e) The rights of each Indemnified Party hereunder shall be
in addition to, and not in limitation of, any other rights such Indemnified
Party may have under the KSL LLC Agreement, any indemnification agreement,
Delaware law or otherwise, but shall in no event entitle any Indemnified
Party to duplicative payments or reimbursement. The provisions of this
Section 6.6 shall survive the consummation of the KSL Merger and expressly
are intended to benefit each of the Indemnified Parties.   (f) VLI shall
pay all reasonable expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees that may be
incurred by an Indemnified Party in enforcing the indemnity and other
obligations provided in this Section 6.6 to the extent such Indemnified Party
is finally determined to be successful on the merits.   (g) Nothing
contained in this Section 6.6 shall provide, or shall be interpreted as
providing, any individual with rights or benefits that are duplicative of
those that may be provided under any similar provisions of the KPP Merger
Agreement.   6.7 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS.   (a) Following the KSL Effective Time
until the first anniversary of the KSL Effective Time, Parent GP shall
provide, or shall cause to be provided, to individuals who are employees of
KSL and its Subsidiaries immediately before the KSL Effective Time and who
continue to be employed by any of the VLI Entities after the KSL Effective
Time (the "KANEB EMPLOYEES") employee benefits (other than any equity-based
benefits) that are, in the aggregate, not less favorable than those generally
provided to Kaneb Employees as of the date of this Agreement, as disclosed by
KSL to VLI immediately prior to the date of this Agreement. Notwithstanding
anything contained herein to the contrary, Kaneb Employees who are covered
under a collective bargaining agreement shall be provided the benefits that
are required by such collective bargaining agreement from time to time.  
(b) (i) For purposes of eligibility and vesting under the employee
benefit plans of the VLI Entities and their respective Subsidiaries providing
benefits to any Kaneb Employee after the KSL Effective Time (the "NEW PLANS")
and (ii) solely for purposes of levels of vacation and severance benefits
under the severance and vacation benefit plans providing benefits to
any    -42-      Kaneb Employee after the KSL Effective Time, each
Kaneb Employee shall be credited with his or her years of service with KSL
and its Subsidiaries and predecessor employers before the KSL Effective Time,
to the same extent as such Kaneb Employee was entitled, before the KSL
Effective Time, to credit for such service under any similar Kaneb Benefit
Plans, except to the extent such credit would result in a duplication of
benefits. In addition, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing:
(i) each Kaneb Employee shall be immediately eligible to participate, without
any waiting time, in any and all New Plans to the extent coverage under such
New Plan replaces coverage under a Kaneb Benefit Plan in which such Kaneb
Employee participated immediately prior to the KSL Effective Time (such
plans, collectively, the "OLD PLANS"); and (ii) for purposes of each New Plan
providing medical, dental, pharmaceutical and/or vision benefits to any Kaneb
Employee, Parent GP or the other applicable VLI Entity shall cause all pre-
existing condition exclusions and actively-at-work requirements of such New
Plan to be waived for such employee and his or her covered dependents, and
Parent GP or the other applicable VLI Entity shall cause any eligible
expenses incurred by such employee and his or her covered dependents - during
the portion of the plan year of the Old Plan ending on the date such
employee\'s participation in the corresponding New Plan begins - to be taken
into account under such New Plan for purposes of satisfying all deductible,
coinsurance and maximum out-of-pocket requirements applicable to such
employee and his or her covered dependents for the applicable plan year as if
such amounts had been paid in accordance with such New Plan.   (c) Parent GP
or the other applicable VLI Entity will honor, in accordance with their
terms, all vested and accrued benefit obligations to, and contractual rights
of, current and former employees of KSL and its Subsidiaries which
are disclosed in Section 4.1(m)(i) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedules. Nothing
in this Agreement shall be interpreted as preventing Parent GP or the
other applicable VLI Entity from amending, modifying or terminating any Kaneb
Benefit Plan or other contract, arrangement, commitment or understanding, in
accordance with their terms and applicable law. This Agreement is not
intended, and it shall not be construed, to create third party beneficiary
rights for any current or former employees of KSL or its Subsidiaries
(including any beneficiaries or dependents thereof) under or with respect to
any plan, program, or arrangement described or contemplated by this
Agreement.   (d) VLI and the Kaneb Entities will take all actions necessary
to satisfy the obligations set forth on Section 6.7(d) of the Kaneb
Disclosure Schedule in accordance with the procedure set forth therein.
Nothing contained in this Section 6.7 shall provide, or shall be interpreted
as providing, any individual with rights or benefits that are duplicative of
those that may be provided under any similar provisions of the KPP Merger
Agreement.   6.8 PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS. Neither the VLI Entities nor KSL
shall, and neither the VLI Entities nor KSL shall permit any of their
respective Subsidiaries to, issue or cause the publication of any press
release or other public announcement with respect to, or otherwise make any
public statement concerning, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
without the prior consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld)
of VLI, in the case of a proposed announcement or statement by KSL, or KSL in
the case of a proposed announcement or statement by any of the VLI Entities;
provided, however, that either party may, without the prior consent of the
other party (but after prior consultation with the other party to the extent
practicable under the circumstances) issue or cause the publication of any
press release or other public announcement to the extent required by law or
by the rules and regulations of the NYSE.    -43-       6.9 KSL
RIGHTS AGREEMENT. The Board of Directors of KSL shall take all action to the
extent necessary (including amending the KSL Rights Agreement) in order to
render the KSL Rights inapplicable to the KSL Merger and the KPP Merger and
the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Except in
connection with the foregoing sentence, the Board of Directors of KSL shall
not, without the prior written consent of VLI, (i) amend or waive any
provision of the KSL Rights Agreement or (ii) take any action with respect
to, or make any determination under, the KSL Rights Agreement, including a
redemption or exchange of the KSL Rights, in each case in order to, or that
would reasonably be expected to, facilitate any Acquisition Proposal with
respect to KSL.   6.10 SECTION 16 MATTERS. Prior to the KSL Effective Time,
to the extent permitted by law KSL shall take all such steps as may be
required to cause any dispositions of KSL Common Shares (including derivative
securities with respect to Kaneb Entities equity securities or partnership
interests) or acquisitions of VLI Common Units (including derivative
securities with respect to VLI Entities equity securities) resulting from the
transactions contemplated by Article II or Article III of this Agreement by
each individual who is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a)
of the Exchange Act with respect to KSL or will become subject to such
reporting requirements with respect to VLI, to be exempt under Rule 16b-3
promulgated under the Exchange Act.   6.11 ACCOUNTANTS\' LETTER. KSL shall
use their reasonable best efforts to cause to be delivered to VLI a letter
from their independent public accountants addressed to VLI, dated a date
within two Business Days before the date on which the Form S-4 shall become
effective, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to VLI and customary
in scope and substance for letters delivered by independent public
accountants in connection with registration statements similar to the Form
S-4. VLI shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause to be delivered to
the Kaneb Entities a letter from its independent public accountants addressed
to the Kaneb Entities, dated a date within two Business Days before the date
on which the Form S-4 shall become effective in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Kaneb Entities and customary in scope and substance for
letters delivered by independent public accountants in connection with
registration statements similar to the Form S-4.   6.12 TAX MATTERS. KSL and
the VLI Entities agree and consent to treat the KSL Merger as a transaction
governed by Rev. Rul. 99-6, 1999-1 C.B. 432 (Situation 2); PROVIDED FURTHER,
that, to the extent applicable, each holder of a KSL Common Share shall be
deemed to have consented for federal income tax purposes (and to the extent
applicable state and local income tax purposes) to report the KSL Merger as a
sale of the holder\'s KSL Common Shares to VLI consistent with Treasury
Regulation Section 1.708-1(c)(4). Further, if pursuant to a determination (as
that term is defined in section 1313 of the Code), the KSL Merger is
classified as an "asset-over" transaction under Treasury Regulation Section
1.708-1(c)(3)(i), KSL hereby consents to report such deemed transfer for
federal income tax purposes to VLI of its general partner interests in KPP
and KSL Owned Units as a sale of such interests to VLI consistent
with Treasury Regulation Section 1.708-1(c)(4).   6.13 OTHER AGREEMENTS.
KPP or KSL shall pay the amount to the extent due and payable as set forth on
and pursuant to Section 6.13 of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule.   
-44-       ARTICLE VII   CONDITIONS PRECEDENT   7.1 CONDITIONS TO
EACH PARTY\'S OBLIGATION TO EFFECT THE KSL MERGER. The respective obligations
of KSL and VLI to effect the KSL Merger are subject to the satisfaction or
waiver on or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:   (a)
SHAREHOLDER AND UNITHOLDER APPROVAL. (i) KSL shall have obtained the KSL
Shareholders Approval and (ii) VLI shall have obtained the VLI
Unitholders Approval.   (b) NO INJUNCTIONS OR RESTRAINTS; ILLEGALITY. No
law shall have been adopted or promulgated, and no temporary restraining
order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order issued by a court
or other Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction shall be in effect,
having the effect of making the KSL Merger illegal or otherwise prohibiting
consummation of the KSL Merger.   (c) HSR ACT; OTHER APPROVALS. (i) The
waiting period (and any extension thereof) applicable to the KSL Merger under
the HSR Act shall have been terminated or shall have expired, without the
imposition of any condition or requirement that would be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on the VLI Entities taken as a whole, the Kaneb
Entities taken as a whole, or the combined VLI Entities and Kaneb Entities
after consummation of the KSL Merger, and (ii) all Other Approvals shall have
been obtained, except those Other Approvals the failure of which to obtain
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on VLI or the KSL Entities.   7.2 ADDITIONAL
CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF VLI. The obligations of VLI to effect the KSL
Merger are subject to the satisfaction, or waiver by VLI, on or prior to the
Closing Date, of the following conditions:   (a) REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES. Each of the representations and warranties of KSL set forth in
this Agreement that is qualified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect
shall be true and correct, and each of the representations and warranties of
KSL set forth in this Agreement that is not so qualified shall be true and
correct in all material respects, in each case as of the date of this
Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing
Date (except to the extent that such representations and warranties speak as
of another date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be
so true and correct as of such other date); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that no such
representations or warranties shall be deemed to have failed to be true and
correct for purposes of this Section 7.2(a) unless the failure of such
representations and warranties to be true and correct, disregarding for this
purpose all qualifications and exceptions contained therein relating to
materiality or Material Adverse Effect, would, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in (A) an adverse effect on the
KSL Entities involving $20,000,000 or more (individually or in the aggregate)
or (B) a Material Adverse Effect on the KSL Entities. In addition to the
requirements of the preceding sentence, the representations and
warranties set forth in Sections 4.1(a) and (b) that are not qualified
therein as to Material Adverse Effect or materiality shall be true and
correct in all material respects and those that are so qualified shall be
true and correct. VLI shall have received a certifi-   
-45-      ate of an executive officer of KSL to the effect of the
preceding provisions of this Section 7.2(a).   (b) PERFORMANCE OF
OBLIGATIONS OF KSL. KSL shall have performed or complied in all material
respects with all material agreements and covenants required to be performed
by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date, except for non-
willful failures to comply that would not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect on the combined VLI Entities and the KSL
Entities after the consummation of the KSL Merger and VLI shall have received
a certificate of an executive officer of KSL to such effect.   (c) TAX
OPINION. VLI shall have received an opinion of each of Andrews Kurth LLP and
Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen and Katz dated as of the Closing Date to the effect
that (i) no VLI Entity will recognize any income or gain as a result of the
KSL Merger or the KPP Merger (other than any gain resulting from any decrease
in partnership liabilities pursuant to section 752 of the Code), (ii) no gain
or loss will be recognized by holders of VLI Common Units as a result of the
KSL Merger or the KPP Merger (other than any gain resulting from any decrease
in partnership liabilities pursuant to section 752 of the Code), and (iii)
90% of the combined gross income of each of VLI, KSL and KPP for the
most recent four complete calendar quarters ending before the Closing Date
for which the necessary financial information is available are from sources
treated as "qualifying income" within the meaning of section 7704(d) of the
Code. In rendering such opinion, such counsel shall be entitled to receive
and rely upon representations of officers of the VLI Entities and the Kaneb
Entities and any of their respective Affiliates as to such matters as such
counsel may reasonably request.   (d) CONSUMMATION OF THE KPP MERGER. The
KPP Merger shall be capable of being consummated immediately succeeding the
consummation of the KSL Merger.   7.3 ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS
OF KSL. The obligations of KSL to effect the KSL Merger are subject to the
satisfaction, or waiver by KSL, on or prior to the Closing Date, of the
following additional conditions:   (a) REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Each
of the representations and warranties of VLI set forth in this Agreement that
is qualified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and
correct, and each of the representations and warranties of VLI set forth in
this Agreement that is not so qualified shall be true and correct in all
material respects, in each case as of the date of this Agreement and as of
the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date (except to the
extent that such representations and warranties speak as of another date, in
which case such representations and warranties shall be so true and correct
as of such other date); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that no such representations or
warranties shall be deemed to have failed to be true and correct for purposes
of this Section 7.3(a) unless the failure of such representations and
warranties to be true and correct, disregarding for this purpose all
qualifications and exceptions contained therein relating to materiality or
Material Adverse Effect, would, individually or in the aggregate, have a
Material Adverse Effect on VLI. In addition to the requirements of the
preceding sentence, that the representations and warranties set forth in
Sections 4.2(a) and (b) that are not qualified therein as to Material Adverse
Effect or materiality shall be true and correct in all material respects and
those that are so qualified shall be true and correct.   
-46-      KSL shall have received a certificate of an executive officer
of VLI to the effect of the preceding provisions of this Section 7.3(a).  
(b) PERFORMANCE OF OBLIGATIONS OF VLI. VLI shall have performed or
complied in all material respects with all material agreements and covenants
required to be performed by it under this Agreement at or prior to the
Closing Date, except for non-willful failures to comply that would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on the
combined VLI Entities and the KSL Entities after the consummation of the KSL
Merger and KSL shall have received a certificate of an executive officer of
VLI to such effect.   ARTICLE VIII   TERMINATION AND AMENDMENT   8.1
TERMINATION. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the KSL
Effective Time, by action taken or authorized by the Board of Directors
of the terminating party or parties, and except as specifically provided
below, whether before or after the KSL Shareholders Meeting or the VLI
Unitholders Meeting:   (a) By mutual written consent of VLI and KSL;  
(b) By either VLI or KSL, if the KSL Effective Time shall not have
occurred on or before the date that is ten (10) months after the date hereof
(the "TERMINATION DATE"); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the right to terminate
this Agreement under this Section 8.1(b) shall not be available to any party
whose failure to fulfill any obligation under this Agreement (including such
party\'s obligations set forth in Section 6.3) has been the primary cause of,
or resulted in, the failure of the KSL Effective Time to occur on or before
the Termination Date;   (c) By either VLI or KSL if any Governmental Entity
(i) shall have issued an order, decree or ruling or taken any other action
(which the parties shall have used their reasonable best efforts to resist,
resolve or lift, as applicable, in accordance with Section 6.3) permanently
restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, and such order, decree, ruling or other action shall have
become final and nonappealable or (ii) shall have failed to issue an order,
decree or ruling or to take any other action which is necessary to fulfill
the conditions set forth in Sections 7.1(c), and such denial of a request to
issue such order, decree, ruling or the failure to take such other action
shall have become final and nonappealable (which order, decree, ruling or
other action the parties shall have used their reasonable best efforts to
obtain, in accordance with Section 6.3); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the right to
terminate this Agreement under this Section 8.1(c) shall not be available to
any party whose failure to comply with Section 6.3 has been the primary cause
of such action or inaction;   (d) By either VLI or KSL, if either the VLI
Unitholders Approval or the KSL Shareholders Approval has not been obtained
by reason of the failure to obtain the required vote at the VLI Unitholders
Meeting or the KSL Shareholders Meeting, as applicable;   (e) By VLI, if
KSL shall have breached or failed to perform any of its representations,
warranties, covenants or other agreements contained in this Agreement, such
that the    -47-       conditions set forth in Section 7.2(a) or (b)
are not capable of being satisfied on or before the Termination Date;   (f)
By KSL, if VLI shall have breached or failed to perform any of
its representations, warranties, covenants or other agreements contained in
this Agreement, such that the conditions set forth in Section 7.3(a) or (b)
are not capable of being satisfied on or before the Termination Date;   (g)
By KSL, if VLI shall have either (i) failed to make the VLI Recommendation or
effected a Change in the VLI Recommendation (or resolved to take any such
action), whether or not permitted by the terms hereof, or (ii) materially
breached its obligations under this Agreement by reason of a failure to call
the VLI Unitholders Meeting in accordance with Section 6.1(c) or a failure to
prepare and mail to its shareholders the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus in
accordance with Section 6.1(a);   (h) By VLI, if KSL shall have either (i)
failed to make the Kaneb Recommendation or effected a Change in the Kaneb
Recommendation (or resolved to take any such action), whether or not
permitted by the terms hereof, or (ii) materially breached its obligations
under this Agreement by reason of a failure to call the KSL Shareholders
Meeting in accordance with Section 6.1(b) or a failure to prepare and mail to
the KSL Shareholders the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus in accordance with
Section 6.1(a);   (i) By KSL, if the Board of Directors of KSL has provided
written notice to VLI that KSL intends to enter into a binding written
agreement for a Superior Proposal (with such termination becoming effective,
if VLI does not make the offer contemplated by clause (iii) below, on the
business day immediately following the five business day period contemplated
thereby, or otherwise, upon KSL entering into such binding written
agreement); provided, however, that (i) KSL shall have complied with Section
6.4 hereof in all material respects; (ii) KSL shall have (A) notified VLI in
writing of its receipt of such Superior Proposal, (B) further notified VLI in
such writing that KSL intends to enter into a binding agreement with respect
to such Superior Proposal subject to clause (iii) below and (C) attached the
most current written version of such Superior Proposal (or a summary
containing all material terms and conditions of such Superior Proposal) to
such notice; and (iii) VLI does not make, within five business days after
receipt of KSL\'s written notice pursuant to clause (ii) above, an offer that
the Board of Directors of KSL shall have reasonably concluded in good faith
(following consultation with its financial advisor and outside counsel) is at
least as favorable to the KSL Shareholders as such Superior Proposal; or  
(j) By VLI, if the KPP Merger Agreement has been terminated
without consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby.   8.2 EFFECT
OF TERMINATION.   (a) In the event of termination of this Agreement by KSL
or VLI as provided in Section 8.1, this Agreement shall forthwith become void
and there shall be no liability or obligation on the part of any party to
this Agreement or their respective officers or directors except as otherwise
expressly set forth herein and except with respect to Section 4.1(s), Section
4.2(f),    -48-      the second sentence of Section 6.2, Section 6.5,
this Section 8.2 and Article IX, which provisions shall survive such
termination; PROVIDED that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Agreement, neither VLI nor KSL shall be relieved or
released from any liabilities or damages arising out of its intentional or
willful and material breach of this Agreement.   (b) If (A) (I) KSL or VLI
terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.1(d) as a result of the
failure to obtain the required vote at the KSL Shareholder Meeting, or
pursuant to Section 8.1(b) without the KSL Shareholder Meetings having
occurred, (II) VLI terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.1(h),
(III) VLI terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.1(e), or (IV) KSL
terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.1(i), (B) at any time
after the date of this Agreement and before such termination an Acquisition
Proposal with respect to KSL shall have been publicly announced or otherwise
communicated to the senior management, Board of Directors of KSL, or to KSL
Shareholders and (C) within 18 months of such termination KSL or any of its
Subsidiaries enters into any definitive agreement with respect to, or the
Board of Directors of KSL or any of its Subsidiaries recommends that KSL
Shareholders approve, adopt or accept, any Acquisition Proposal and such
Acquisition Proposal is consummated at any time, KSL shall promptly, but in
no event later than one Business Day, after consummation of such Acquisition
Proposal, pay VLI, subject to the last sentence of Section 8.2(d), an
aggregate amount equal to the KSL Termination Fee by wire transfer of
immediately available funds.   (c) If (A) (I) KSL or VLI terminates this
Agreement pursuant to Section 8.1(d) as a result of the failure to obtain the
required vote at the VLI Unitholders Meeting, or pursuant to Section 8.1(b)
without the VLI Unitholders Meetings having occurred, (II) KSL terminates
this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.1(f), or (III) KSL terminates this
Agreement pursuant to Section 8.1(g), (B) at any time after the date of this
Agreement and before such termination there shall have been publicly
announced or otherwise communicated to Parent GP, VLI GP, the senior
management or unitholders of VLI a proposal for the acquisition by a third
party of 10% or more of the consolidated assets (including stock of its
Subsidiaries) of VLI and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or of 10%
or more of its total voting power, whether by merger, reorganization,
share exchange, consolidation, business combination, recapitalization,
liquidation, dissolution, tender offer or exchange offer or similar
transaction or series of related transactions and (C) within 18 months of the
such termination VLI or any of its Subsidiaries consummates or enters into
any definitive agreement with respect to, or VLI GP or any of its
Subsidiaries recommends that its respective unitholders or stockholders
approve, adopt or accept, a transaction or series of related transactions
contemplated by clause (B), then in the case of a termination, VLI shall
promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day, after consummation of
the transactions contemplated by clause (B), pay KSL, subject to the last
sentence of Section 8.2(d), an aggregate amount equal to the VLI Termination
Fee by wire transfer of immediately available funds.   (d) The parties
hereto acknowledge that the agreements contained in this Section 8.2 are an
integral part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and that,
without these agreements, neither party would enter into this Agreement;
accordingly, if either party fails promptly to pay any amount due pursuant to
this Section 8.2, and, in order to obtain such payment, the other party
commences a suit which results in a judgment against such party for the fee
set forth in this Section 8.2, such party shall pay to the other party its
costs and expenses (includ-    -49-      ing attorneys\' fees and
expenses) in connection with such suit, together with interest on the amount
of the fee at the prime rate of Citibank, N.A. in effect on the date such
payment was required to be made, notwithstanding the provisions of Section
6.5. The parties hereto agree that any remedy or amount payable pursuant to
this Section 8.2 shall not preclude any other remedy or amount payable
hereunder, and shall not be an exclusive remedy, for any willful and material
breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement contained in
this Agreement. The parties agree that any KSL Termination Fee
payable hereunder, together with any Kaneb Termination Fee previously paid
under the KPP Merger Agreement, shall not exceed $25 million, and that any
VLI Termination Fee payable hereunder, together with any VLI Termination Fee
previously paid under the KPP Merger Agreement, shall not exceed $25
million.   8.3 AMENDMENT. This Agreement may be amended by the parties
hereto, by action taken or authorized by their respective Boards of Directors
or General Partner, as applicable, at any time before or after the KSL
Shareholders Approval or the VLI Unitholders Approval, but, after any such
approval, no amendment shall be made which by law or in accordance with the
rules of any relevant stock exchange requires further approval by such
shareholders or unitholders without such further approval. This Agreement may
not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of
the parties hereto.   8.4 EXTENSION; WAIVER. At any time prior to the KSL
Effective Time, the parties hereto, by action taken or authorized by their
respective Boards of Directors or General Partner, as applicable, may, to the
extent legally allowed, (i) extend the time for the performance of any of the
obligations or other acts of the other parties hereto, (ii) waive any
inaccuracies in the representations and warranties contained herein or in any
document delivered pursuant hereto and (iii) waive compliance with any of the
agreements or conditions contained herein. Any agreement on the part of a
party hereto to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth
in a written instrument signed on behalf of such party. The failure of any
party to this Agreement to assert any of its rights under this Agreement or
otherwise shall not constitute a waiver of those rights.    ARTICLE IX  
GENERAL PROVISIONS   9.1 NON-SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND
AGREEMENTS. None of the representations, warranties, covenants and other
agreements in this Agreement or in any instrument delivered pursuant to this
Agreement, including any rights arising out of any breach of such
representations, warranties, covenants, agreements and other provisions,
shall survive the Effective Times, except for those covenants, agreements and
other provisions contained herein that by their terms apply or are to be
performed in whole or in part after the Effective Times and this Article
IX.   9.2 NOTICES. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be
in writing and shall be deemed duly given (a) on the date of delivery if
delivered personally, or by telecopy or facsimile, upon verbal confirmation
of receipt, (b) on the first Business Day following the date of dispatch if
delivered by a recognized next-day courier service, or (c) on the fifth
Business Day following the date of mailing if delivered by registered or
certified mail, return re-    -50-      ceipt requested, postage
prepaid. All notices hereunder shall be delivered as set forth below, or
pursuant to such other instructions as may be designated in writing by the
party to receive such notice:   (i) if to any of the VLI Entities to:  
Valero L.P.  One Valero Place  San Antonio, Texas 78212   Attention:
Bradley Barron, Esq.   with a copy to:   Andrews Kurth LLP  600 Travis,
Suite 4200  Houston, Texas 77002   Attention: Gislar Donnenberg, Esq.  
and:   Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen and Katz  51 West 52nd Street  New York, New
York 10019   Attention: Edward D. Herlihy, Esq.  Lawrence S. Makow,
Esq.   (ii) if to KSL to:   2435 North Central Expressway, Suite 700 
Richardson, Texas 75080   Attention: John Barnes   with a copy to:  
Fulbright and Jaworski L.L.P.  1301 McKinney, Suite 5100  Houston, Texas
77010   Attention: John Watson, Esq.   9.3 INTERPRETATION. When a
reference is made in this Agreement to Articles, Sections, Exhibits or
Schedules, such reference shall be to an Article or Section of or Exhibit or
Schedule to this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The table of contents
and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and
shall not affect in any way the    -51-      meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words "include," "includes" or
"including" are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed
by the words "without limitation." No provision of this Agreement shall be
construed to require VLI or KSL or any of their respective Subsidiaries
or Affiliates to take or omit to take any action if doing so would violate
any applicable obligation (arising in law or equity), rule or regulation.  
9.4 COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts,
all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become
effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the
parties and delivered to the other party, it being understood that
both parties need not sign the same counterpart.   9.5 ENTIRE AGREEMENT; NO
THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES.   (a) This Agreement, the Confidentiality
Agreement, the Support Agreement and the exhibits and schedules hereto and
the other agreements and instruments of the parties delivered in connection
herewith constitute the entire agreement and supersede all prior agreements
and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to
the subject matter hereof.   (b) This Agreement shall be binding upon and
inure solely to the benefit of each party hereto, and nothing in this
Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other
Person any right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by
reason of this Agreement, other than Section 6.7 (which is intended to be for
the benefit of the Persons covered thereby).   9.6 GOVERNING LAW. This
Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the
State of Delaware (without giving effect to choice of law principles
thereof).   9.7 SEVERABILITY. If any term or other provision of this
Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any law or
public policy, all other terms and provisions of this Agreement shall
nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal
substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any
manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any term
or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the
parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as
to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an
acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby are
consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible.  
9.8 ASSIGNMENT. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests
or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by any of the parties hereto, in
whole or in part (whether by operation of law or otherwise), without the
prior written consent of the other party, and any attempt to make any such
assignment without such consent shall be null and void. Subject to the
preceding sentence, this Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit
of and be enforceable by the parties and their respective successors and
assigns.   9.9 SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; WAIVERS. Each of the VLI Entities
and KSL irrevocably agrees that any legal action or proceeding with respect
to this Agreement or for rec-    -52-      ognition and enforcement
of any judgment in respect hereof brought by the other party hereto or its
successors or assigns may be brought and determined in the Chancery or other
Courts of the State of Delaware, and each of the VLI Entities and KSL hereby
irrevocably submits with regard to any such action or proceeding for itself
and in respect to its property, generally and unconditionally, to
the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts. Each of the VLI
Entities and KSL hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert, by way
of motion, as a defense, counterclaim or otherwise, in any action or
proceeding with respect to this Agreement, (a) any claim that it is not
personally subject to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts for any
reason other than the failure to lawfully serve process, (b) that it or its
property is exempt or immune from jurisdiction of any such court or from any
legal process commenced in such courts (whether through service of notice,
attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution of judgment,
execution of judgment or otherwise), and (c) to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, that (i) the suit, action or proceeding in any such court
is brought in an inconvenient forum, (ii) the venue of such suit, action or
proceeding is improper and (iii) this Agreement, or the subject matter
hereof, may not be enforced in or by such courts.   9.10 WAIVER OF JURY
TRIAL. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT
MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR
INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY OF THE
AGREEMENTS DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY OR THEREBY. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (A) NO
REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED,
EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF
LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE EITHER OF SUCH WAIVERS, (B) IT UNDERSTANDS AND
HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF SUCH WAIVERS, (C) IT MAKES SUCH
WAIVERS VOLUNTARILY, AND (D) IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT
BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION
9.10.   9.11 ENFORCEMENT. The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage
would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were
not performed in accordance with their specific terms. It is accordingly
agreed that the parties hereto shall be entitled to specific performance of
the terms hereof, this being in addition to any other remedy to which they
are entitled at law or in equity.   [The remainder of this page is
intentionally left blank.]    -53-        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, VALERO
L.P., RIVERWALK LOGISTICS, L.P., VALERO GP, LLC, VLI SUB A LLC, and KANEB
SERVICES LLC, have caused this Agreement to be signed by their respective
officers thereunto duly authorized, all as of the date first written
above.   VALERO L.P.    By: /s/ Curtis V. Anastasio 
----------------------------------------  Name: Curtis V. Anastasio  Title:
Chief Executive Officer and  President    RIVERWALK LOGISTICS, L.P.   
By: /s/ Curtis V. Anastasio  ----------------------------------------  Name:
Curtis V. Anastasio  Title: Chief Executive Officer and  President   
VALERO GP, LLC    By: /s/ Curtis V. Anastasio 
----------------------------------------  Name: Curtis V. Anastasio  Title:
Chief Executive Officer and  President    VLI SUB A    By: /s/ Curtis
V. Anastasio  ----------------------------------------  Name: Curtis V.
Anastasio  Title: Chief Executive Officer and  President    KANEB
SERVICES LLC    By: /s/ Howard C. Wadsworth 
----------------------------------------  Name: Howard C. Wadsworth  Title:
Vice President, Treasurer and  Secretary     -54-     '

