 EXHIBIT 99.2 - AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER  
EXHIBIT
99.2        ==============================================================================  
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   DATED AS OF OCTOBER 31, 2004   BY AND
AMONG   VALERO L.P.,   RIVERWALK LOGISTICS, L.P.,   VALERO GP LLC,  
VLI SUB B LLC,   KANEB PIPE LINE PARTNERS L.P.   AND   KANEB PIPE LINE
COMPANY
LLC  ================================================================================      
EXECUTION COPY     TABLE OF CONTENTS   ARTICLE I CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS............................................1   ARTICLE II THE
MERGER....................................................10   2.1 The
Merger........................................................10  2.2
Effective Time of the Merger......................................10  2.3
Effects of the Merger.............................................10  2.4
Closing...........................................................11  2.5
Partnership Agreement.............................................11  2.6
Alternative Transaction
Structures................................11  ARTICLE III CONVERSION OF
SECURITIES......................................11   3.1 Effect of the
Merger on Equity Securities.........................11  3.2 Exchange
Fund.....................................................12  3.3 Exchange
Procedures...............................................13  3.4
Distributions with Respect to Unexchanged KPP Units...............13  3.5 No
Further Ownership Rights in KPP Units..........................13  3.6 No
Fractional VLI Common Units....................................14  3.7
Termination of Exchange Fund......................................14  3.8 No
Liability......................................................14  3.9
Investment of the Exchange Fund...................................14  3.10
Lost Certificates.................................................14  3.11
Withholding Rights................................................14  3.12
Further Assurances................................................15  3.13
Unit Transfer
Books...............................................15  ARTICLE IV
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES................................15   4.1
Representations and Warranties of KPP and KPP GP..................15  4.2
Representations and Warranties of
VLI.............................30  ARTICLE V COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT
OF BUSINESS.....................44   5.1 Covenants of Kaneb
Entities.......................................44  5.2 Covenants of
VLI..................................................48  5.3 Governmental
Filings..............................................51  5.4 Control of Other
Party\'s Business.................................51  ARTICLE VI ADDITIONAL
AGREEMENTS.........................................51   6.1 Preparation of
Proxy Statement; Shareholders and  Unitholders
Meetings..............................................51  6.2 Governance
Matters................................................53  6.3 Access to
Information.............................................53  6.4 Reasonable
Best Efforts...........................................54  6.5 Acquisition
Proposals.............................................56  6.6 Fees and
Expenses.................................................57  6.7 Directors\'
and Officers\' Indemnification and Insurance............58  6.8 Employee
Benefits.................................................60  6.9 Public
Announcements..............................................61  6.10 Listing
of VLI Common Units.......................................61    -i-    
6.11 Coordination of Distributions.....................................61 
6.12 Affiliates........................................................61 
6.13 Section 16 Matters................................................61 
6.14 Accountants\' Letter...............................................62 
6.15 Post-Closing Distribution Policy..................................62 
6.16 Other
Agreements..................................................62  ARTICLE VII
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT..........................................62   7.1
Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect the Merger........62  7.2
Additional Conditions to Obligations of VLI.......................63  7.3
Additional Conditions to Obligations of the Kaneb
Entities........64  ARTICLE VIII TERMINATION AND
AMENDMENT.....................................65   8.1
Termination.......................................................65  8.2
Effect of Termination.............................................67  8.3
Amendment.........................................................68  8.4
Extension;
Waiver.................................................68  ARTICLE IX
GENERAL PROVISIONS............................................68   9.1 Non-
Survival of Representations, Warranties and Agreements........68  9.2
Notices...........................................................69  9.3
Interpretation....................................................70  9.4
Counterparts......................................................70  9.5
Entire Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiaries....................70  9.6
Governing Law.....................................................70  9.7
Severability......................................................70  9.8
Assignment........................................................71  9.9
Submission to Jurisdiction; Waivers...............................71  9.10
Waiver of Jury Trial..............................................71  9.11
Enforcement.......................................................71   EXHIBIT
A - Form of Affiliate Agreement  EXHIBIT B - Form of Support Agreement   
-ii-     AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of October 31, 2004
(this "AGREEMENT"), by and among Valero L.P., a Delaware limited
partnership ("VLI"), Riverwalk Logistics, L.P., a Delaware limited
partnership and the general partner of VLI ("VLI GP"), Valero GP, LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company and the general partner of VLI GP ("PARENT
GP"), VLI Sub B LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned
subsidiary of VLI ("VLI SUB B", and collectively with VLI, VLI GP, and Parent
GP, the "VLI ENTITIES" and each a "VLI ENTITY"), Kaneb Pipe Line Partners,
L.P., a Delaware limited partnership ("KPP"), and Kaneb Pipe Line Company
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company that is the general partner of KPP
("KPP GP", and collectively with KPP the "KANEB ENTITIES" and each a
"KANEB ENTITY").   W I T N E S S E T H:   WHEREAS, the VLI Entities and
the Kaneb Entities desire that VLI and KPP combine their businesses on the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement; and   WHEREAS,
simultaneously with, and as a condition to, the execution hereof, VLI, VLI
GP, Parent GP, VLI Sub A LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and
wholly-owned subsidiary of VLI ("VLI SUB A") and Kaneb Services LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company and parent of KPP GP ("KSL") are entering
into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "KSL MERGER AGREEMENT") pursuant to
which VLI Sub A will merge with and into KSL ("the "KSL MERGER").  
WHEREAS, simultaneously with, and as a condition to, the execution hereof,
Messrs. Barnes and Doherty are executing a support agreement substantially in
the form of Exhibit B hereto (the "SUPPORT AGREEMENT").   NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the foregoing and the respective representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements set forth in this Agreement, and
intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as
follows:   ARTICLE I   CERTAIN DEFINITIONS   As used in this Agreement,
the following terms shall have the respective meanings set forth below:  
"ACQUISITION PROPOSAL" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
6.5(a)(i).   "ADDITIONAL LIMITED PARTNER" shall have the meaning given
such term in the VLI Partnership Agreement.   "AFFILIATE" shall have the
meaning given such term in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act.   "AFFILIATE
AGREEMENT" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.12.      
"AGREEMENT" shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble.   "ASSETS"
means all of the assets (including the Kaneb Real Property or the VLI Real
Property, as the case may be, and tangible and intangible assets) used or
necessary for the conduct of KPP\'s or VLI\'s, as the case may be, and their
respective Subsidiaries\' businesses as they are presently conducted.  
"AVERAGE CLOSING PRICE" means as of any date, the mean average of the mean
average of the daily high and low sale price of a VLI Common Unit as reported
on the NYSE Composite Transactions Reporting System for the ten consecutive
NYSE full trading days (in which such common units are traded on the NYSE)
ending at the close of trading on the NYSE full trading day immediately
preceding such date.   "BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP" or "BENEFICIALLY OWN" shall
have the meaning ascribed to such terms under Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.   "BENEFIT PLAN" means, with
respect to any entity, any employee compensation, benefit plan, program,
policy, practice, agreement, contract or other arrangement providing benefits
to any current or former employee, officer or director of such entity or any
of its Subsidiaries or any beneficiary or dependent thereof that is sponsored
or maintained by such entity or any of its Subsidiaries or to which such
entity or any of its Subsidiaries contributes or is obligated to contribute
or with respect to which such entity or any of its Subsidiaries may have any
liability, contingent or otherwise, whether or not written, including
without limitation, any employee welfare benefit plan within the meaning of
Section 3(1) of ERISA, any employee pension benefit plan within the meaning
of Section 3(2) of ERISA (whether or not such plan is subject to ERISA) and
any bonus, incentive, deferred compensation, vacation, stock purchase,
stock option, severance, employment, change of control or fringe benefit
plan, program, policy or agreement and any related trusts or other funding
vehicles.   "BUSINESS DAY" means any day on which banks are not required
or authorized to close in the City of New York.   "CERTIFICATE OF MERGER"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.   "CHANGE IN THE KANEB
RECOMMENDATION" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(b).  
"CHANGE IN THE VLI RECOMMENDATION" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 6.1(c).   "CLOSING" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
2.4.   "CLOSING DATE" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.4.  
"CODE" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.  
"CONDITION DATE" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.4   
-2-     "CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 6.3.   "DOJ" means the Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department
of Justice.   "DRULPA" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.  
"EFFECTIVE TIMES" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.  
"ENCUMBRANCES" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(b)(i).  
"ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 4.1(l)(ii)(1).   "ENVIRONMENTAL PERMITS" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 4.1(l)(i)(a).   "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.   "ERISA AFFILIATE" means, with
respect to any entity, trade or business, any other entity, trade or business
that is a member of a group described in Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of
the Code or Section 4001(b)(1) of ERISA that includes the first entity, trade
or business, or that is a member of the same "controlled group" as the first
entity, trade or business pursuant to Section 4001(a)(14) of ERISA.  
"EXCHANGE ACT" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  
"EXCHANGE AGENT" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2.  
"EXCHANGE FUND" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2.   "EXCHANGE
RATIO" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(a)(ii).   "EXPENSES"
means all out-of-pocket expenses (including all fees and expenses of counsel,
accountants, investment bankers, experts and consultants to a party and its
affiliates) incurred by a party or on its behalf in connection with or
related to the authorization, preparation, negotiation, execution and
performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby,
including the preparation, printing, filing and mailing of the Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus and the Form S-4 and the solicitation of stockholder,
member and/or limited partner approvals and all other matters related to the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.   "FORM S-4" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 4.1(d)(iii).   "FTC" means the U.S. Federal
Trade Commission.   "GAAP" means U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles.   "GOVERNMENTAL ENTITY" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 4.1(d)(vii).   "HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 4.1(l)(ii)(2).    -3-     "HSR ACT" means the Hart-
Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended.   "INDEMNIFIED
PARTY" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.7(b).   "INDEMNIFIED
PARTIES" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.7(b).  
"INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY" means all patents, trademarks, trade names, service
marks, copyrights, and any applications therefor, technology, know-how,
computer software programs or applications, and tangible or intangible
proprietary information or materials.   "JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(d)(iii).   "KANEB BENEFIT
PLAN" means each Benefit Plan sponsored, maintained or contributed to by KPP
or any of its Subsidiaries, or to which KPP or any of its Subsidiaries is
required to contribute, or with respect to which KPP or any of its
Subsidiaries may have any liability, contingent or otherwise.   "KANEB
BOARD DESIGNEES" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.2.   "KANEB
CONTRACT" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(j)(i).   "KANEB
DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1.  
"KANEB EMPLOYEES" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.8(a).  
"KANEB ENTITIES" or "KANEB ENTITY" shall have the meaning set forth in the
preamble.   "KANEB ENTITIES ORGANIZATIONAL DOCUMENTS" shall mean the
KPP Partnership Agreement and the KPP GP LLC Agreement.   "KANEB PARTIALLY
OWNED ENTITIES" means Partially Owned Entities of KPP.   "KANEB PIPELINE
SYSTEMS" means all refined petroleum, anhydrous ammonia and other pipelines,
lateral lines, pumps, pump stations, storage facilities, terminals and other
related operations, assets, machinery and equipment that are located on or
under the Kaneb Real Property and that are used or necessary for the conduct
of KPP\'s and its Subsidiaries\' businesses as they are presently
conducted.   "KANEB PLAN" means any Kaneb Benefit Plan other than
a Multiemployer Plan.   "KANEB QUALIFIED PLANS" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 4.1(m)(iii).   "KANEB REAL PROPERTY" means all real
property used by KPP and its Subsidiaries\' businesses or necessary for the
conduct of KPP\'s and its Subsidiaries\' businesses, as they are presently
conducted.    -4-     "KANEB RECOMMENDATION" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 6.1(b).   "KANEB SEC DOCUMENTS" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 4.1(e).   "KANEB TERMINATION FEE" means $25,000,000.  
"KNOWLEDGE" or "KNOWN" means, with respect to any entity, the knowledge of
such entity\'s (or its general partner\'s) executive officers after
reasonable inquiry.   "KPP" shall have the meaning set forth in the
preamble.   "KPP CERTIFICATE" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 3.1(a).   "KPP CONSIDERATION" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 3.1(a).   "KPP EFFECTIVE TIME" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 2.2.   "KPP GP" shall have the meaning set forth in the
preamble.   "KPP GP LLC AGREEMENT" means the Amended and Restated
Limited Liability Company Agreement of KPP GP, dated July 2, 2001.   "KPP
MERGER" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.   "KPP PARTNERSHIP
AGREEMENT" means the Amended and Restated Partnership Agreement of KPP, dated
July 23, 1998, as amended October 27, 2003.   "KPP 2003 10-K" means KPP\'s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003, as
filed with the SEC.   "KPP UNIT" shall have the meaning given the term
"Common Unit" in the KPP Partnership Agreement.   "KPP UNITHOLDERS" means
the holders of the KPP Units.   "KPP UNITHOLDERS APPROVAL" means the
approval and adoption of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby by the KPP Unitholders holding at least a majority of outstanding KPP
Units, including the affirmative vote of the KPP Unitholders holding at least
a majority of the outstanding KPP Units (other than those beneficially owned
by VLI or any Affiliate thereof or by any Kaneb Entity, or any Affiliate
thereof, including KSL) that are present, in person or by proxy, at the KPP
Unitholders Meeting.   "KPP UNITHOLDERS MEETING" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 4.1(c)(i).   "KSL" shall have the meaning set forth in the
recitals.   "KSL EFFECTIVE TIME" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 2.2.   "KSL MERGER" shall have the meaning set forth in the
recitals.    -5-     "KSL MERGER AGREEMENT" shall have the meaning set
forth in the recitals.   "KSL OWNED UNITS" means KPP Units directly or
indirectly owned by KSL.   "LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 3.3.   "LLC ACT" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 2.2.   "MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT" means, with respect to any entity
or group of entities, a material adverse effect on (i) the business,
operations, results of operations or financial condition of such entity or
entities and its or their Subsidiaries taken as a whole or (ii) the ability
of such entity or entities to timely consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, except, in each case, to the extent such effect is
reasonably attributable to (A) general political and economic conditions
(including prevailing interest rate and stock market levels), (B) the general
state of the industries in which such entity operates, except to the extent
such entity or entities are substantially disproportionately affected, (C)
the negotiation, announcement, execution or delivery of this Agreement or (D)
any outbreak of hostilities, terrorism or war, other than any terrorist
or similar act directed at or directly impacting the business or assets of
such entity or its Subsidiaries.   "MULTIEMPLOYER PLAN" means any
"multiemployer plan" within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA.  
"MULTIPLE EMPLOYER PLAN" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
4.1(m)(vi).   "NECESSARY CONSENTS" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 4.1(d)(vi).   "NEW PLANS" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 6.8(b).   "NYSE" means the New York Stock Exchange, Inc.   "OLD
PLANS" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.8(b).   "OTHER
APPROVALS" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(d)(ii).   "OTHER
PARTY" means, with respect to the VLI Entities, the Kaneb Entities, and with
respect to the Kaneb Entities, the VLI Entities.   "PARENT GP" shall have
the meaning set forth in the preamble.   "PARTIALLY OWNED ENTITY" means,
with respect to a specified Person, any other Person that is not a Subsidiary
of such specified Person but in which such specified Person, directly or
indirectly, owns 30% or more of the equity interests thereof (whether voting
or non-voting and including beneficial interests).   "PBGC" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 4.1(m)(v).   "PERMITTED ENCUMBRANCES" means (A)
liens for current Taxes not yet due and payable or for Taxes the validity of
which is being contested in good faith in appropriate   
-6-    proceedings, (B) Property Restrictions imposed or promulgated by
law or any Governmental Entity with respect to the Kaneb Real Property or the
VLI Real Property, as the case may be, including zoning regulations, provided
they do not materially adversely affect the current use of the applicable
real property, (C) mechanics\', carriers\', workmen\'s and repairmen\'s liens
which do not materially detract from the value of or materially interfere
with the present use of any Kaneb Real Property or VLI Real Property, as the
case may be, or assets subject thereto or affected thereby and which have
arisen or been incurred in the ordinary course of business, and (D) such
other Encumbrances that are de minimis or immaterial individually and in the
aggregate.   "PERSON" means an individual, corporation, limited
liability company, partnership, association, trust, unincorporated
organization, other entity or group (as defined in the Exchange Act).  
"POLICIES" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(k)(i).  
"PROPERTY RESTRICTIONS" means rights of way, easements, laws, restrictions,
ordinances and regulations affecting building use and occupancy.  
"REGULATORY LAW" means the HSR Act, and all other federal, state and foreign,
if any, statutes, rules, regulations, orders, decrees, administrative and
judicial doctrines and other laws that are designed or intended to prohibit,
restrict or regulate (i) mergers, acquisitions or other business
combinations, (ii) foreign investment, or (iii) actions having the purpose or
effect of monopolization or restraint of trade or lessening
of competition.   "RELEASE" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 4.1(l)(ii)(3).   "REQUIRED APPROVALS" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 6.4(a)(i).   "RIGHTS OF WAY" means a right-of-way,
easement, permit, servitude, license or similar right through real
property.   "SEC" means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  
"SECURITIES ACT" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  
"SUBSIDIARY" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Rule 1-02 of
Regulation S-X of the SEC. For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to KPP, a
Subsidiary includes Kaneb Pipe Line Operating Partnership, L.P. and any
Subsidiary thereof.   "SUPERIOR PROPOSAL" shall mean, for purposes of this
Agreement, a bona fide written Acquisition Proposal with respect to KPP which
the Board of Directors of KPP GP concludes in good faith, after consultation
with its respective financial advisors and legal advisors, taking into
account all legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of the proposal
and the Person making the proposal (including any break-up fees, expense
reimbursement provisions and conditions to consummation), as well as after
giving effect to all of the adjustments which may be offered by VLI pursuant
to clause (B) of the final proviso in this definition below, (i) is more
favorable to the KPP Unitholders, from a financial point of view, than the
transactions    -7-    contemplated by this Agreement, and (ii) is
fully financed or reasonably capable of being fully financed and otherwise
reasonably capable of being completed on the terms proposed; PROVIDED that,
for purposes of this definition of "Superior Proposal," the term Acquisition
Proposal shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.5(a)(i),
except that the reference to "10% or more" in the definition of "Acquisition
Proposal" shall be deemed to be a reference to "a majority" and "Acquisition
Proposal" shall only be deemed to refer to a transaction involving a majority
of the equity securities of KPP or all or substantially all of the
consolidated assets of the KPP and its Subsidiaries; PROVIDED FURTHER that no
Acquisition Proposal shall constitute a Superior Proposal unless (A) KPP GP
has notified VLI, at least five Business Days in advance, of the intention to
effect a Change in the Kaneb Recommendation in accordance with Section 6.5
hereof on the basis of such Acquisition Proposal, specifying the material
terms and conditions of any such Acquisition Proposal and furnishing to VLI a
copy of the relevant proposed transaction agreements, if such exist, with the
party making such Acquisition Proposal, and (B) during the period of not less
than five Business Days following KPP GP\'s delivery of the notice referred
to in clause (A) above and prior to effecting such a Change in the Kaneb
Recommendation, have negotiated, and have used reasonable best efforts to
cause their respective financial and legal advisors to negotiate, with VLI
in good faith (to the extent that VLI desires to negotiate) to make
such adjustments in the terms and conditions of this Agreement so that
such Acquisition Proposal ceases to constitute a Superior Proposal.  
"SUPPORT AGREEMENT" shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals.  
"SURVIVING PARTNERSHIP" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
Section 2.1.   "TAXES" means any and all taxes, assessments, fees and
other governmental charges imposed by any Governmental Entity, including
without limitation, income, profits, gross receipts, net proceeds,
alternative or add-on minimum, ad valorem, value added, turnover, sales, use,
property, personal property (tangible and intangible), environmental
(including taxes under section 59A of the Code), stamp, leasing, lease, user,
excise, duty, franchise, capital stock, transfer, registration, license,
withholding, social security (or similar), unemployment, disability, payroll,
employment, fuel, excess profits, occupational, premium, windfall profit,
severance, estimated, or other charge of any kind whatsoever, including any
interest, penalty, or addition thereto, whether disputed or not.   "TAX
RETURN" means any return, report or similar statement (including any attached
schedules) required to be filed with respect to any Tax, including any
information return, claim for refund, amended return or declaration of
estimated Tax.   "TERMINATION DATE" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 8.1(b).   "VLI" shall have the meaning set forth in the
preamble.   "VLI BENEFIT PLAN" means each VLI Stock Plan and any
other Benefit Plan sponsored, maintained or contributed to by any of the
VLI Entities or their respective Subsidiaries, or to which any of the
VLI Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries is   
-8-    required to contribute, or with respect to which any of the VLI
Entities or any of their Subsidiaries may have any liabilities, contingent or
otherwise.   "VLI COMMON UNIT" shall have the meaning given the term
"Common Unit" in the VLI Partnership Agreement.   "VLI CONTRACT" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 4.2(j).   "VLI DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 4.2.   "VLI ENTITIES" shall have the
meaning set forth in the preamble.   "VLI GP" shall have the meaning set
forth in the preamble.   "VLI INCENTIVE DISTRIBUTION RIGHTS" shall have the
meaning given the term "Incentive Distribution Rights" in the VLI Partnership
Agreement.   "VLI PARTIALLY OWNED ENTITIES" means Partially Owned Entities
of the VLI Entities.   "VLI PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT" means the Third Amended
and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of VLI, dated as of March 18,
2003 as amended as of March 11, 2004.   "VLI PIPELINE SYSTEMS" means all
refined petroleum and other pipelines, lateral lines, pumps, pump stations,
storage facilities, terminals and other related operations, assets, machinery
and equipment that are located on or under the VLI Real Property and that are
used or necessary for the conduct of VLI\'s and its Subsidiaries\' businesses
as they are presently conducted.   "VLI PLAN" means any VLI Benefit Plan
other than a Multiemployer Plan.   "VLI QUALIFIED PLANS" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 4.2(m)(iii).   "VLI REAL PROPERTY" means all
real property used by VLI\'s and its Subsidiaries\' businesses or necessary
for the conduct of VLI\'s and its Subsidiaries\' businesses, as they are
presently conducted.   "VLI RECOMMENDATION" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 6.1(c).   "VLI SEC DOCUMENTS" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 4.2(e).   "VLI STOCK PLAN" shall mean the employee and director
stock plans of VLI.   "VLI SUB A" shall have the meaning set forth in the
recitals.   "VLI SUB B" shall have the meaning set forth in the
preamble.    -9-     "VLI SUBORDINATED UNITS" shall have the meaning
given the term "Subordinated Unit" in the VLI Partnership Agreement.   "VLI
TERMINATION FEE" means $25,000,000.   "VLI 2003 10-K" means VLI\'s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003, as filed
with the SEC.   "VLI UNITHOLDERS" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 4.2(c)(i).   "VLI UNITHOLDERS APPROVAL" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 4.2(c)(i).   "VLI UNITHOLDERS MEETING" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 4.2(c)(i).   "VOTING DEBT" means any bonds,
debentures, notes or other indebtedness having the right to vote on any
matters on which holders of capital stock or members or partners of the same
issuer may vote.   "WITHDRAWAL LIABILITY" means liability to a Multiemployer
Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer
Plan, as those terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of
ERISA.   ARTICLE II   THE MERGER   2.1 THE MERGER. Upon the terms and
subject to the conditions hereof, immediately following the KSL Effective
Time, at the KPP Effective Time, VLI Sub B shall be merged with and into KPP
(the "KPP MERGER"), with KPP as the surviving entity in the KPP Merger (the
"SURVIVING PARTNERSHIP"), and the separate existence of VLI Sub B shall
thereupon cease.   2.2 EFFECTIVE TIME OF THE MERGER. The KPP Merger shall
become effective as set forth in (or, if not set forth, at the time of
filing) a properly executed certificate of merger, in accordance with the
Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act (the "DRULPA") and the
Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (the "LLC ACT"), as applicable, duly
filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the "CERTIFICATE
OF MERGER"), which filing shall be made on the Closing Date. As used in this
Agreement, the term "KSL EFFECTIVE TIME" shall mean the date and time when
the KSL Merger becomes effective, the term "KPP EFFECTIVE TIME" shall mean
the date and time when the KPP Merger becomes effective, which date and time
shall immediately succeed the KSL Effective Time (unless waived by KPP and
VLI), as each is set forth in (or, if not set forth, at the time of filing)
the relevant Certificate of Merger, and the term "EFFECTIVE TIMES" shall mean
the KSL Effective Time and the KPP Effective Time.   2.3 EFFECTS OF THE
MERGER. The KPP Merger shall have the effects set forth in the applicable
provisions of the DRULPA and the LLC Act.    -10-     2.4 CLOSING. Upon
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in Article VII and the
termination rights set forth in Article VIII, the closing of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement (the "CLOSING") will take place at the offices
of Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen and Katz, 51 West 52nd Street, New York, New York,
10019 at 10:00 A.M. on the date that is the second full NYSE trading day to
occur after the date (the "CONDITION DATE") following the satisfaction
or waiver (subject to applicable law) of the conditions (excluding conditions
that, by their nature, cannot be satisfied until the Closing Date) set forth
in Article VII, unless this Agreement has been theretofore terminated
pursuant to its terms or unless another place, time or date is agreed to in
writing by the parties hereto (the date of the Closing being referred to
herein as the "CLOSING DATE").   2.5 PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT. At the KPP
Effective Time, the Partnership Agreement of the Surviving Partnership shall
be the KPP Partnership Agreement, as in effect immediately prior to the KPP
Effective Time, until thereafter changed or amended as provided therein or by
applicable law.   2.6 ALTERNATIVE TRANSACTION STRUCTURES. The parties agree
that VLI, with the consent of KPP, which shall not be unreasonably withheld
or delayed, may change the method and structure of effecting the KPP Merger,
and the Kaneb Entities shall cooperate in such efforts, including by entering
into appropriate amendments to this Agreement; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that any
actions taken pursuant to this Section 2.6 shall not (i) alter or change the
kind or amount of consideration to be issued to KPP Unitholders as provided
for in this Agreement, (ii) adversely affect the tax consequences of the
receipt of such consideration by the KPP Unitholders, (iii) materially delay
receipt of any Required Approvals, or (iv) otherwise cause any condition to
Closing set forth in Article VII to be materially delayed or to be materially
more difficult to fulfill (unless duly waived by the party entitled to the
benefits thereof).   ARTICLE III   CONVERSION OF SECURITIES   3.1 EFFECT
OF THE MERGER ON EQUITY SECURITIES.   (a) At the KPP Effective Time, by
virtue of the KPP Merger and without any action on the part of any holder of
any KPP Units:   (i) If the KSL Merger shall have occurred, all KPP Units
that are KSL Owned Units immediately prior to the KPP Effective Time shall
cease to be outstanding and shall be cancelled and retired and shall cease to
exist.   (ii) Subject to Sections 3.1(a)(i), 3.1(b) and 3.6,
each outstanding KPP Unit issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
KPP Effective Time shall be converted into the right to receive a number of
VLI Common Units equal to (i) if the Average Closing Price as of the
Condition Date is equal to or less than $54.39, 1.1307; (ii) if the Average
Closing Price as of the Condition Date is between $54.39 and $60.11, a
quotient, the numerator of which is $61.50 and the denominator of which is
the Average Closing Price as of the Condition Date (such quotient to be
rounded to the nearest ten thousandth), or (iii) if the Average Closing
Price    -11-    as of the Condition Date is equal to or greater than
$60.11, 1.0231 (in each case, the "EXCHANGE RATIO"). Each KPP Unit converted
into the right to receive VLI Common Units pursuant to this Section
3.1(a)(ii) (such amount of VLI Common Units the "KPP CONSIDERATION") shall
cease to be outstanding and shall be canceled and retired and shall cease to
exist, and each holder of a certificate that immediately prior to the KPP
Effective Time represented any such KPP Units (a "KPP CERTIFICATE") shall
thereafter cease to be a limited partner of KPP or have any rights with
respect to such KPP Units, except the right to be admitted as an Additional
Limited Partner and receive the VLI Common Units to be issued in
consideration therefor and any distributions to which holders of KPP
Units become entitled all in accordance with this Article III upon the
surrender of such KPP Certificate. The VLI GP consents to the admission of
each KPP Unitholder as an Additional Limited Partner who is issued VLI Common
Units in exchange for such KPP Unitholder\'s KPP Units in accordance with
this Article III upon the proper surrender of the KPP Certificate
representing such KPP Units. Upon such surrender of the KPP Certificate (or
upon a waiver of the requirement to surrender a KPP Certificate granted by
VLI GP in its sole discretion) and the recording of the name of such Person
as a limited partner of VLI on the books and records of VLI, such Person
shall automatically and effective as of the KPP Effective Time be admitted to
VLI as an Additional Limited Partner and be bound by the VLI Partnership as
such. By its surrender of a KPP Certificate, or by its acceptance of VLI
Common Units, a KPP Unitholder confirms its agreement to be bound by all of
the terms and conditions of the VLI Partnership Agreement, including the
power of attorney granted in Section 2.6 thereof.   (b) If, between the date
of this Agreement and the KPP Effective Time, there is a reclassification,
recapitalization, split, split-up, unit distribution, combination or exchange
of shares with respect to, or rights issued in respect of, VLI Common Units,
the Exchange Ratio shall be adjusted accordingly to provide to the holders of
KPP Units the same economic effect as contemplated by this Agreement prior to
such event.   (c) At the KPP Effective Time, by virtue of the KPP Merger and
without any action on the part of VLI, each outstanding limited liability
company interest in VLI Sub B issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
KPP Effective Time shall be converted into 1,000 KPP Units and KPP shall
issue to VLI, as the holder of such KPP Units, a certificate evidencing such
KPP Units. VLI agrees that at the KPP Effective Time, VLI shall be
automatically bound by the KPP Partnership Agreement, and VLI shall be
admitted to KPP as a limited partner of KPP immediately upon the KPP
Effective Time. At the KPP Effective Time, the books and records of KPP shall
be revised to reflect the admission of VLI as a limited partner of KPP and
the simultaneous withdrawal of all other limited partners of KPP, and KPP GP
and VLI shall continue KPP without dissolution.   3.2 EXCHANGE FUND. Prior
to the KPP Effective Time, VLI shall appoint Computershare Limited, or a
commercial bank or trust company, or a subsidiary thereof, reasonably
acceptable to the Kaneb Entities, to act as exchange agent hereunder for the
purpose of exchanging KPP Certificates for the VLI Common Units (the
"EXCHANGE AGENT"). At or prior to the KPP Effective Time, VLI shall deposit
with the Exchange Agent in trust for the benefit of holders of KPP Units, (a)
certificates representing VLI Common Units, and (b) cash, to be issued and
paid pursuant to Sections 3.1(a) and 3.6 in exchange for outstanding KPP
Units upon due surrender of KPP Certificates pursuant to this Article
III. Following the KPP Effective Time, VLI agrees to make available to the
Exchange Agent, from time to time as needed, cash   
-12-    sufficient to pay any distributions pursuant to Section 3.4. Any
cash and certificates representing VLI Common Units deposited with the
Exchange Agent (including the amount of any distributions or other
distributions payable with respect thereto and cash in lieu of fractional
shares to be paid pursuant to Section 3.6) shall hereinafter be referred to
as the "EXCHANGE FUND."   3.3 EXCHANGE PROCEDURES. Promptly after the KPP
Effective Time, VLI shall cause the Exchange Agent to mail to each holder of
a KPP Certificate (a) a letter of transmittal (the "LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL")
that shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and
title to the KPP Certificates shall pass, only upon proper delivery of the
KPP Certificates to the Exchange Agent, and which Letter of Transmittal shall
be in customary form and have such other provisions as may be necessary for
the KPP Unitholders to be admitted as Additional Limited Partners and other
provisions as VLI and KPP may reasonably specify (such letter to be
reasonably acceptable to VLI and KPP prior to the Effective Time) and (b)
instructions for effecting the surrender of such KPP Certificates in exchange
for the VLI Common Units, together with any distributions with respect
thereto and any cash in lieu of fractional shares. Upon surrender of a KPP
Certificate to the Exchange Agent together with the relevant Letter of
Transmittal, duly executed and completed in accordance with the instructions
thereto, and such other documents as may reasonably be required by the
Exchange Agent, the holder of such KPP Certificate shall be entitled
to receive in exchange therefor (A) VLI Common Units representing, in
the aggregate, the whole number of shares that such holder has the right to
receive pursuant to Section 3.1(a) (in each case, after taking into account
all KPP Units then held by such holder), and (B) a check in the amount equal
to the cash, if any, that such holder has the right to receive pursuant to
Sections 3.4 and 3.6. No interest will be paid or will accrue on any cash
payable pursuant to the provisions of this Article III.   3.4 DISTRIBUTIONS
WITH RESPECT TO UNEXCHANGED KPP UNITS. No distributions with a record date
after the KPP Effective Time shall be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered
KPP Certificate with respect to the VLI Common Units that such holder would
be entitled to receive upon surrender of such KPP Certificate, and no cash
payment in lieu of fractional VLI Common Units shall be paid to any such
holder pursuant to Section 3.6, until such holder shall surrender such KPP
Certificate in accordance with Section 3.3. Subject to the effect of
applicable laws, following the later of the surrender of any such
KPP Certificate and the KPP Effective Time, there shall be paid to the record
holder thereof without interest (a) promptly after such time, the amount of
any cash payable in lieu of fractional VLI Common Units to which such holder
is entitled pursuant to Section 3.6 and the amount of any distributions with
a record date after the KPP Effective Time theretofore paid with respect to
such whole VLI Common Units and (b) at the appropriate payment date, the
amount of distributions with a record date after the KPP Effective Time and a
payment date subsequent thereto and to such surrender payable with respect to
such VLI Common Units.   3.5 NO FURTHER OWNERSHIP RIGHTS IN KPP UNITS. All
VLI Common Units issued and cash paid upon conversion of KPP Units, in
accordance with the terms of this Article III (including any cash paid
pursuant to Section 3.4 or 3.6) shall be deemed to have been issued or paid
in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to the KPP Units.   
-13-     3.6 NO FRACTIONAL VLI COMMON UNITS. No certificates or scrip or
VLI Common Units representing fractional VLI Common Units or book-entry
credit of the same shall be issued upon the surrender for exchange of KPP
Certificates, and such fractional share interests will not entitle the owner
thereof to vote or to have any rights of a holder of VLI Common Units. In
lieu of any such fractional share, each holder of KPP Units who would
otherwise have been entitled to a fraction of a VLI Common Unit upon
surrender of KPP Certificates (determined after taking into account all KPP
Certificates delivered by such holder) shall be paid upon such surrender cash
(without interest) in an amount equal to the value (determined with reference
to the Average Closing Price as of the Condition Date) of such fractional
interest. Such payment with respect to fractional shares is merely intended
to provide a mechanical rounding off of, and is not a separately bargained
for, consideration.   3.7 TERMINATION OF EXCHANGE FUND. Any portion of the
Exchange Fund that remains undistributed to the holders of KPP Certificates,
one year after the KPP Effective Time shall, at VLI\'s request, be delivered
to VLI or otherwise on the instruction of VLI, and any holders of KPP
Certificates who have not theretofore complied with this Article III shall
after such delivery look only to VLI for any amounts payable to such holders
pursuant to this Article III. Any such portion of the Exchange Fund remaining
unclaimed by holders of KPP Units immediately prior to such time as such
amounts would otherwise escheat to or become property of any Governmental
Entity shall, to the extent permitted by law, become the property of VLI free
and clear of any claims or interest of any Person previously entitled
thereto.   3.8 NO LIABILITY. To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of
the VLI Entities, the Kaneb Entities or the Exchange Agent shall be liable to
any Person in respect of any portion of the Exchange Fund required to be
delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property,
escheat or similar law.   3.9 INVESTMENT OF THE EXCHANGE FUND. The Exchange
Agent shall invest any cash included in the Exchange Fund as directed by VLI
on a daily basis; PROVIDED that no such investment or loss thereon shall
affect the amounts payable or the timing of the amounts payable to KPP
Unitholders pursuant to the other provisions of this Article III. Any
interest and other income resulting from such investments shall promptly be
paid to VLI.   3.10 LOST CERTIFICATES. If any KPP Certificate shall have
been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact
by the Person claiming such certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and,
if required by VLI, the posting by such Person of a bond in such reasonable
amount as VLI may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made
against it with respect to such certificate, following the KPP Effective
Time, as the case may be, the Exchange Agent will deliver in exchange for
such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate the consideration and amounts
payable with respect to the KPP Units formerly represented thereby pursuant
to this Article III.   3.11 WITHHOLDING RIGHTS. VLI shall be entitled to
deduct and withhold from the consideration otherwise payable pursuant to this
Agreement such amounts as it is required to deduct and withhold with respect
to the making of such payment under the Code and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder, or any provision of state, local or foreign Tax law.
To the extent that amounts are so withheld or paid over to or deposited with
the relevant    -14-    Governmental Entity by VLI, such amounts shall
be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the
Person in respect of which such deduction and withholding was made by
VLI.   3.12 FURTHER ASSURANCES. At and after the KPP Effective Time,
the officers and directors of the Surviving Partnership or the
Surviving Partnership\'s general partner shall be authorized to execute and
deliver, in the name and on behalf of the Surviving Partnership or KPP, any
deeds, bills of sale, assignments or assurances and to take and do, in the
name and on behalf of the Surviving Partnership or KPP, any other actions and
things necessary to vest, perfect or confirm of record or otherwise in the
Surviving Partnership any and all right, title and interest in, to and under
any of the rights, properties or assets acquired or to be acquired by the
Surviving Partnership as a result of, or in connection with, the KPP
Merger.   3.13 UNIT TRANSFER BOOKS. Subject to Section 3.1(c), the unit
transfer books of KPP shall be closed immediately upon the KPP Effective
Time, and there shall be no further registration of transfers of KPP Units
thereafter on the records of KPP. On or after the KPP Effective Time, any KPP
Certificates presented to the Exchange Agent, VLI or the Surviving
Partnership for any reason shall be converted into the right to receive VLI
Common Units with respect to the KPP Units formerly represented thereby
(including any cash in lieu of fractional KPP Units to which the holders
thereof are entitled pursuant to Section 3.6 and any distributions to which
the holders thereof are entitled pursuant to Section 3.4).   ARTICLE IV  
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES   4.1 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF KPP
AND KPP GP. Except as disclosed in a section of the Kaneb Entities disclosure
schedule delivered to VLI concurrently herewith (the "KANEB DISCLOSURE
SCHEDULE") corresponding to the subsection of this Section 4.1 to which such
disclosure applies, or as specifically identified in the Kaneb SEC Documents
filed prior to the date hereof each of KPP and KPP GP represents and warrants
to VLI as follows:   (a) ORGANIZATION.   (i) KPP GP is a limited liability
company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of the State of Delaware. KPP is a limited partnership duly formed, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of Delaware. Each
of the Kaneb Entities has the requisite power and authority to own or lease
all of its properties and assets and to carry on its business as it is now
being conducted, and is duly licensed or qualified to do business in each
jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted by it or the
character or location of the properties and assets owned or leased by it
makes such licensing or qualification necessary, except where the failure to
have such power or authority or be so licensed or qualified would not, either
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on the Kaneb
Entities. True and complete copies of the Kaneb Entities Organizational
Documents, as in effect as of the date of this Agreement, have previously
been made available by the Kaneb Entities to VLI.    -15-     (ii) Each
Subsidiary of KPP (A) is duly organized and validly existing under the laws
of its jurisdiction of organization, (B) is duly qualified to do business and
in good standing in all jurisdictions (whether federal, state, local or
foreign) where its ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of its
business requires it to be so qualified, and (C) has all requisite power and
authority to own or lease its properties and assets and to carry on its
business as now conducted, except in each case where the failure to have such
power or authority or to be so organized, in existence or qualified would not
have a Material Adverse Effect on the Kaneb Entities.   (iii) Section 4.1(a)
of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule sets forth, as of the date of this
Agreement, a true and complete list of each of the Kaneb Entities, KPP\'s
Subsidiaries and Kaneb Partially Owned Entities, together with (i) the nature
of the legal organization of such Person, (ii) the jurisdiction of
organization or formation of such Person, (iii) the name of each Kaneb
Entity or Kaneb Partially Owned Entity that owns beneficially or of record
any equity or similar interest in such Person, and (iv) the percentage
interest owned by such Kaneb Entity or Kaneb Partially Owned Entity in such
Person. KPP is not subject to any obligation in excess of $1,000,000 to
provide funds to or make any investment in (in the form of a loan, capital
contribution or otherwise) any of its Subsidiaries, Partially Owned Entities
or other Persons.   (b) CAPITALIZATION. Except as set forth in Section
4.1(b) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule:   (i) KPP GP is the sole general
partner of KPP. KPP GP is the sole record and beneficial owner of the general
partner interest and incentive distribution rights in KPP, and such general
partner interest and incentive distribution rights have been duly authorized
and validly issued in accordance with applicable laws and the KPP Partnership
Agreement. KPP GP owns such general partner interest and incentive
distribution rights free and clear of any liens, pledges, charges,
encumbrances, restrictions and security interests
whatsoever ("ENCUMBRANCES"). KSL is the sole record and beneficial owner of
all of the outstanding limited liability company or other equity interests in
KPP GP free and clear of any Encumbrances. No Subsidiary of KPP has or is
bound by any outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, commitments
or agreements of any character calling for the purchase or issuance of any
equity securities or any other equity ownership interests of such Subsidiary
or any securities representing the right to purchase or otherwise receive any
equity security of such Subsidiary. No Subsidiary of KPP has any Voting
Debt.   (ii) KPP has no limited partner or other partnership or
equity interests issued and outstanding other than, as of the date of this
Agreement (a) 28,327,590 KPP units, including 5,095,500 issued to KPP GP,
with respect to which KPP GP is the sole record and beneficial owner, and (b)
the general partner interest described in Section 4.1(b)(i) above.   (iii)
Each of the KPP Units and the limited partner interests represented thereby
have been duly authorized and validly issued in accordance with applicable
laws and the KPP Partnership Agreement, and are fully paid (to the extent
required under the KPP Partnership Agreement) and non-assessable (except to
the extent such non-assessability may be affected by the DRULPA). Such KPP
Units were not issued in violation of pre-emptive or similar rights or   
-16-    any other agreement or understanding binding on KPP. All of the
outstanding equity interests of the direct and indirect Subsidiaries of KPP
and the Kaneb Partially Owned Entities have been duly authorized and are
validly issued, fully paid (to the extent required under the applicable
governing documents) and non-assessable and free of pre-emptive rights,
(except (1) with respect to general partner interests, (2) as set forth to
the contrary in the applicable governing documents and (3) to the extent such
non-assessability may be affected by the DRULPA or the LLC Act) and were not
issued in violation of pre-emptive or similar rights; and all such shares and
other equity interests, other than interest in Kaneb Partially Owned Entities
that are owned by others, are owned, directly or indirectly, by KPP or KPP
GP, free and clear of all Encumbrances. There are no outstanding options or
equity based awards of any kind requiring the issuance of any KPP Units or
any other securities of any Kaneb Entity or any of its Subsidiaries.   (c)
AUTHORITY; NO VIOLATION. Except as set forth in Section 4.1(c) of the Kaneb
Disclosure Schedule:   (i) Each of the Kaneb Entities has the requisite
power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby, subject to KPP Unitholders Approval.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly approved
by unanimous vote of the board of directors of KPP GP, at a duly convened
meeting thereof and by KPP GP, as the general partner of KPP. KPP GP, acting
through its board of directors, has directed that this Agreement be submitted
to the KPP Unitholders for approval at a meeting of such holders for the
purpose of approving the KPP Merger and this Agreement (including any
adjournment thereof, the "KPP UNITHOLDERS MEETING") and has resolved to vote
or cause to be voted at the KPP Unitholders Meeting all of the KPP Units
beneficially owned by it as of the date of this Agreement, or which it
thereafter acquires, in favor of the approval of this Agreement, and, except
for the KPP Unitholders Approval, no other proceedings on the part of KPP or
KPP GP are necessary to approve this Agreement and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly and validly
executed and delivered by the each of the Kaneb Entities and (assuming due
authorization, execution and delivery by the VLI Entities) constitutes a
valid and binding obligation of each of the Kaneb Entities, enforceable
against each of the Kaneb Entities in accordance with its terms.   (ii)
Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Kaneb Entities,
nor the consummation by the Kaneb Entities of the transactions contemplated
hereby, nor compliance by the Kaneb Entities with any of the terms or
provisions hereof, will (A) violate any provision of the Kaneb
Entities Organizational Documents or the organizational documents of their
Subsidiaries, or (B) assuming that the consents and approvals referred to in
Section 4.1(d) are duly obtained, (x) violate any statute, code, ordinance,
rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ, decree or injunction applicable to
the Kaneb Entities, any of their respective Subsidiaries or, to the Kaneb
Entities\' Knowledge, the Kaneb Partially Owned Entities or any of their
respective properties or assets or (y) violate, conflict with, result in a
breach of any provision of or the loss of any benefit under, constitute a
default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would
constitute a default) under, result in the termination of or a right of
termination or cancellation under, accelerate the performance required by,
accelerate any right or benefit provided by, or result in the creation of any
Encumbrance upon any of the respective    -17-    properties or assets
of the Kaneb Entities, any of their respective Subsidiaries or, to the Kaneb
Entities\' Knowledge, the Kaneb Partially Owned Entities under, any of the
terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed
of trust, license, lease, agreement or other instrument or obligation to
which the Kaneb Entities, any of KPP\'s Subsidiaries or, to the Kaneb
Entities\' Knowledge, the Kaneb Partially Owned Entities is a party, or
by which they or any of their respective properties or assets may be bound
or affected, except (in the case of clause (B)(y) above) for such
violations, conflicts, breaches or defaults which either individually or in
the aggregate will not have a Material Adverse Effect on the Kaneb Entities
or the Surviving Partnership.   (d) CONSENTS AND APPROVALS. Except for (i)
the filing of a notification and report form under the HSR Act and the
termination or expiration of the waiting period under the HSR Act, (ii) the
filing of any other required applications or notices with any state or
foreign agencies of competent jurisdiction and approval of such applications
and notices (the "OTHER APPROVALS"), (iii) the filing with the SEC of a proxy
statement relating to the matters to be submitted to the VLI Unitholders at
the VLI Unitholders Meeting and the matters to be submitted to KPP\'s
Unitholders at the KPP Unitholders Meeting (such joint proxy
statement/prospectus, and any amendments or supplements thereto, the "JOINT
PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS") and a registration statement on Form S-4 with
respect to the issuance of VLI Common Units in the KPP Merger (such Form S-4,
and any amendments or supplements thereto, the "FORM S-4"), (iv) the filing
of the Certificate of Merger, (v) any consents, authorizations, approvals,
filings or exemptions in connection with compliance with the rules of the
NYSE, (vi) such filings and approvals as are required to be made or obtained
under the securities or "Blue Sky" laws of various states in connection with
the issuance of VLI Common Units pursuant to this Agreement (the consents,
approvals, filings and registration required under or in relation to the
foregoing clauses (ii) through (vi) being referred to as
"NECESSARY CONSENTS") and (vii) such other consents, approvals, filings and
registrations the failure of which to obtain or make would not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
on the Kaneb Entities or the Surviving Partnership, no consents or approvals
of or filings or registrations with any supranational, national, state,
municipal, local or foreign government, any instrumentality, subdivision,
court, administrative agency or commission or other authority thereof, or any
quasi-governmental or private body exercising any regulatory, taxing,
importing or other governmental or quasi-governmental authority (each, a
"GOVERNMENTAL ENTITY") are necessary in connection with (A) the execution and
delivery by the Kaneb Entities of this Agreement and (B) the consummation by
the Kaneb Entities of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  
(e) FINANCIAL REPORTS AND SEC DOCUMENTS; DISCLOSURE AND
INTERNAL CONTROLS.   (i) The KPP 2003 10-K and all other reports,
registration statements, definitive proxy statements or information
statements filed or to be filed by or on behalf of KPP or any of its
Subsidiaries subsequent to December 31, 2000, including, but not limited to,
items incorporated by reference into such reports, registration statements,
definitive proxy statements or information statements under the Securities
Act or under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act in the
form filed, or to be filed (collectively, the "KANEB SEC DOCUMENTS"), with
the SEC, (1) complied or will comply in all material respects as to form with
the applicable requirements under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as
the case may be, and (2) as of its    -18-    filing date, did not or
will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading; and each of the balance sheets contained in
or incorporated by reference into any such Kaneb SEC Document (including
the related notes and schedules thereto) fairly presents or will fairly
present the financial position of the entity or entities to which it relates
as of its date, and each of the statements of income and changes in
shareholders\' equity and cash flows or equivalent statements in such Kaneb
SEC Documents (including any related notes and schedules thereto) fairly
presents or will fairly present the results of operations, changes in
shareholders\' equity and changes in cash flows, as the case may be, of the
entity or entities to which it relates for the periods to which it relates,
in each case in accordance with GAAP consistently applied during the periods
involved, except, in each case, as may be noted therein, subject to normal
year-end audit adjustments in the case of unaudited statements. There are no
outstanding comments from, or unresolved issues raised by, the SEC with
respect to the Kaneb SEC Documents. No executive officer of any of the Kaneb
Entities has failed in any respect to make the certification required of him
or her under Sections 302 or 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and no
enforcement action has been initiated against any of the Kaneb Entities
relating to disclosures contained in any Kaneb SEC Document.   (ii) Prior to
the date of this Agreement and in the ordinary course of business, KPP has
established approval procedures (which, as in effect as of the date of this
Agreement, have previously been disclosed to VLI) with respect to the open
position resulting from KPP\'s and its Subsidiaries\' physical commodity
transactions, exchange-traded futures and options and over-the-
counter derivative instruments.   (iii) Except as set forth in Section
4.1(e)(iii) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule, the records, systems, controls,
data and information of KPP and its Subsidiaries are recorded, stored,
maintained and operated under means that are under the exclusive ownership
and direct control of KPP or its Subsidiaries or KPP GP or accountants,
except for any non-exclusive ownership and non-direct control that would not
reasonably be expected to have a materially adverse effect on the system of
internal accounting controls described in the following sentence. KPP and its
Subsidiaries and KPP GP have devised and maintain a system of internal
accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP, including that
(1) transactions are executed only in accordance with management\'s
authorization; (2) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of the financial statements of KPP, as applicable, and
to maintain accountability for the assets of KPP and its Subsidiaries; (3)
access to such assets is permitted only in accordance with management\'s
authorization; (4) the reporting of such assets is compared with existing
assets at regular intervals; and (5) accounts, notes and other receivables
and inventory are recorded accurately, and proper and adequate procedures are
implemented to effect the collection thereof on a current and timely basis.
KPP (1) has designed disclosure controls and procedures (within the meaning
of Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) to ensure that material
information relating to such entity and its Subsidiaries is made known to the
management of such entity (or its general partner) by others within those
entities as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure and to make the certifications required by the Exchange Act with
respect to the Kaneb SEC Documents, and (2) has disclosed, based on its most
recent evaluation prior to the date of this Agreement, to its auditors and
the audit committee    -19-    of KPP GP\'s board of directors (A) any
significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls
which could adversely affect in any material respect its ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial data and have disclosed to its
auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls and (B) any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
a significant role in its internal controls. The Kaneb Entities have made
available to VLI a summary of any such disclosure made by management to
KPP\'s auditors and audit committee since January 1, 2002. KPP has initiated
its process of compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and
expects to be in full compliance therewith by the SEC mandated
compliance date.   (iv) Except as set forth in Section 4.1(e)(iv) of the
Kaneb Disclosure Schedule, since July 30, 2002, (x) none of KPP GP or KPP or
any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Knowledge of the Kaneb Entities, any
director, officer, employee, auditor, accountant or representative of either
of KPP GP or KPP or any of its Subsidiaries has received or otherwise had or
obtained knowledge of any material complaint, allegation, assertion or claim,
whether written or oral, regarding the accounting or auditing practices,
procedures, methodologies or methods of KPP or any of its Subsidiaries or
their respective internal accounting controls, including any material
complaint, allegation, assertion or claim that either of KPP or any of its
Subsidiaries has engaged in questionable accounting or auditing practices,
and (y) no attorney representing either KPP GP or KPP or any of its
Subsidiaries, whether or not employed thereby, has reported evidence of a
material violation of securities laws, breach of fiduciary duty or similar
violation by KPP or any of its officers, directors, employees or agents, or
those of KPP\'s Subsidiaries, to the board of directors of KPP GP or any
committee thereof or to any director or officer of KPP GP or KPP.   (f)
ABSENCE OF UNDISCLOSED LIABILITIES. Except as set forth in Section 4.1(f) of
the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule or as disclosed in the audited
financial statements (or notes thereto) included in the KPP 2003 10-K neither
KPP nor any of its Subsidiaries had at December 31, 2003, or has incurred
since that date, any liabilities or obligations (whether absolute, accrued,
contingent or otherwise) of any nature, except (a) liabilities, obligations
or contingencies which (i) are accrued or reserved against in the financial
statements in the KPP 2003 10-K, or reflected in the notes thereto or (ii)
were incurred thereafter in the ordinary course of business and consistent
with past practices and (b) liabilities, obligations or contingencies which
(i) would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to
have a Material Adverse Effect on the Kaneb Entities or (ii) have been
discharged or paid in full prior to the date hereof.   (g) ABSENCE OF
CERTAIN CHANGES OR EVENTS.   (i) Since December 31, 2003, except as set
forth in the Kaneb SEC Documents filed prior to the date hereof, no event or
events have occurred that has had or would reasonably be expected to have,
either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the
Kaneb Entities.   (ii) Except as set forth in Section 4.1(g)(ii) of the
Kaneb Disclosure Schedule, since December 31, 2003, KPP and its Subsidiaries
have carried on their respective businesses in all material respects in the
ordinary course.    -20-     (iii) Except as set forth in Section
4.1(g)(iii) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule, since December 31, 2003, or as
permitted under Section 5.1(h) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule, neither KPP
nor any of its Subsidiaries has (A) except for such actions prior to the date
hereof as were in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice or except as required by applicable law, (I) increased the wages,
salaries, compensation, pension, or other fringe benefits or perquisites
payable to any executive officer or director from the amount thereof in
effect as of December 31, 2003, or (II) granted any severance or termination
pay, entered into any contract to make or grant any severance or termination
pay, or paid any bonuses, to any executive officer or director or (B)
suffered any strike, work stoppage, slowdown, or other labor disturbance
which would be reasonably be expected to have (in the case of this clause (B)
only), either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on
the Kaneb Entities.   (iv) Since December 31, 2003 and prior to the date
hereof, KPP has not declared or made any distributions on KPP Units other
than its regular quarterly distribution as follows:   QUARTER AMOUNT PER
KPP UNIT  ------- -------------------  Fourth (2003) $0.84  First (2004)
$0.84  Second (2004) $0.855  Third (2004) $0.855   (h) LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.
Except as disclosed in the Kaneb SEC Documents filed prior to the date hereof
or Section 4.1(h) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule, there is no suit, action
or proceeding or investigation pending or, to the Knowledge of any of the
Kaneb Entities, threatened, against or affecting any of the Kaneb Entities or
any of their respective Subsidiaries that would, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Kaneb Entities, nor is there any judgment, decree, injunction, rule or order
of any Governmental Entity or arbitrator outstanding against any of the Kaneb
Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries having, or which would
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, any such
effect.   (i) COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAW. KPP and each of its
Subsidiaries hold all licenses, franchises, permits and authorizations
necessary for the lawful conduct of their respective businesses under and
pursuant to each, and have complied in all respects with and are not in
default under any, applicable law, statute, order, rule or regulation of any
Governmental Entity relating to KPP or any of its Subsidiaries, except where
the failure to hold such license, franchise, permit or authorization or such
noncompliance or default would not, either individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Kaneb
Entities.   (j) CONTRACTS. Except as filed as exhibits to the Kaneb SEC
Documents filed prior to the date hereof or disclosed in Section 4.1(j) of
the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule:   (i) Neither KPP nor any of its
Subsidiaries is a party to or bound by any contract, arrangement, commitment
or understanding (whether written or oral) (1), which, upon the consummation
or KPP Unitholders Approval of the transactions contemplated by this   
-21-    Agreement, will (either alone or upon the occurrence of any
additional acts or events) result in any payment (whether of severance pay or
otherwise) becoming due from KPP, VLI, the Surviving Partnership or any of
their respective Subsidiaries to any director, officer or employee thereof,
(2) which is a "material contract" (as such term is defined in Item
601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K), or which, if entered into, amended, terminated
or otherwise created or modified on or after the date of this Agreement,
would be required to be disclosed on a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
the SEC, to be performed after the date of this Agreement that has not been
filed or incorporated by reference in the Kaneb SEC Documents filed prior to
the date of this Agreement, (3) which materially restricts the conduct of any
line of business by KPP or upon consummation of the KPP Merger will
materially restrict the ability of KPP, VLI or the Surviving Partnership to
engage in any line of business, (4) relating to any outstanding commitment
for any capital expenditure in excess of $10,000,000, (5) with any labor
union or organization, (6) except (a) as reflected in the financial
statements included in the Kaneb SEC Documents filed prior to the date
hereof, (b) as reflected in the September 30, 2004 financial statements of
KPP delivered prior to the date hereof to VLI or (c) from the date hereof to
the extent permitted under Section 5.1(g), indentures, mortgages, liens,
promissory notes, loan agreements, guarantees or other arrangements relating
to the borrowing of money by KPP or any of its Subsidiaries, (7) containing
provisions triggered by change of control of KPP or any of its Subsidiaries
or (8) in favor of directors or officers relating to employment
or compensation or providing rights to indemnification, or (9) between any of
the Kaneb Entities and any of their respective Affiliates on the one hand and
Xanser Corporation or any of its Affiliates on the other hand. Each
contract, arrangement, commitment or understanding of the type described in
this Section 4.1(j), whether or not set forth in the Kaneb Disclosure
Schedule or in such Kaneb SEC Documents, is referred to herein as a "KANEB
CONTRACT". True and complete copies of all such Kaneb Contracts have been
made available by the Kaneb Entities to VLI.   (ii) (A) Each Kaneb Contract
is valid and binding on KPP or its Subsidiaries that is a party thereto, as
applicable, and in full force and effect, (B) KPP and each of its
Subsidiaries, as applicable, has performed all obligations required to be
performed by it to date under each Kaneb Contract, except where such
noncompliance, either individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Kaneb Entities, and (C)
neither KPP nor any of its Subsidiaries knows of, or has received notice of,
the existence of any event or condition which constitutes, or, after notice
or lapse of time or both, will constitute, a default on the part of KPP or
any of its Subsidiaries under any such Kaneb Contract, except where such
default, either individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Kaneb Entities.   (k)
INSURANCE.   (i) Section 4.1(k) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule sets forth
a true and complete list of all policies of property, casualty and
liability insurance, including crime insurance, liability and casualty
insurance, property insurance, business interruption insurance, workers\'
compensation, excess or umbrella liability insurance and any other type of
property and casualty insurance insuring the properties, assets, employees
and/or operations of KPP or its Subsidiaries (collectively, the "POLICIES").
Upon request, the Kaneb Entities will make available to VLI certificates of
insurance and insurance summaries from the insurance broker evidencing the
existence of the Policies. Except as set forth on Section 4.1(k) of the Kaneb
Disclosure    -22-    Schedule, all such policies are in full force and
effect. All premiums payable under such Policies have been paid in a timely
manner and each of KPP and its Subsidiaries have complied in all material
respects with the terms and conditions of all such Policies.   (ii) Except
as set forth in Section 4.1(k)(ii) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule, neither
KPP nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default under any provisions of the
Policies, and there is no claim by KPP or any of its Subsidiaries or any
other Person pending under any of the Policies as to which coverage has been
questioned, denied or disputed by the underwriters or issuers of such
Policies. None of KPP or any of its Subsidiaries has received written notice
from an insurance carrier issuing any Policies that alteration of
any equipment or any improvements located on Real Property, purchase of
additional equipment, or modification of any of the methods of doing business
of KPP or its Subsidiaries, will be required or suggested after the date of
this Agreement, except for any such alterations or modifications as, either
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on the Kaneb Entities.   (l) ENVIRONMENTAL
LIABILITY.   (i) Except as set forth in Section 4.1(l) of the Kaneb
Disclosure Schedule, and except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect
on the Kaneb Entities: (a) KPP and its respective Subsidiaries, and to the
Knowledge of the Kaneb Entities, the Kaneb Partially Owned Entities, and
their respective businesses, operations, properties and Assets are in
compliance with all Environmental Laws and all permits, registrations,
licenses, approvals, exemptions, variances, and other authorizations required
under Environmental Laws ("ENVIRONMENTAL PERMITS"); (b) KPP, its
Subsidiaries, and to the Knowledge of the Kaneb Entities, the Kaneb Partially
Owned Entities, have obtained or filed for all Environmental Permits for
their respective businesses, operations, properties and Assets as they
currently exist and all such Environmental Permits are currently in full
force and effect; (c) KPP, its respective Subsidiaries, and to the Knowledge
of the Kaneb Entities, the Kaneb Partially Owned Entities, and their
respective businesses, operations, properties and Assets are not subject to
any pending or, to the Knowledge of the Kaneb Entities, threatened claims,
actions, suits, writs, injunctions, decrees, orders,
judgments, investigations, inquiries or proceedings relating to their
compliance with Environmental Laws; (d) (i) there has been no Release of
Hazardous Substances on, under or from the current or former property owned,
leased or operated by KPP, its Subsidiaries, or to the Knowledge of the Kaneb
Entities, the Kaneb Partially Owned Entities, that was required to be
reported under applicable Environmental Laws but was not so reported, and
(ii) the Kaneb Entities have provided the VLI Entities with copies of all
reports and related documentation regarding any Release of Hazardous
Substances on, under or from the current or former property owned, leased or
operated by KPP, its Subsidiaries, or to the Knowledge of the Kaneb Entities,
the Kaneb Partially Owned Entities; (e) none of KPP, its Subsidiaries, and to
the Knowledge of the Kaneb Entities, the Kaneb Partially Owned Entities have
received any written notice asserting an alleged liability or obligation
under any Environmental Laws involving KPP, its Subsidiaries or the Kaneb
Partially Owned Entities with respect to the actual or alleged Hazardous
Substance contamination of any property offsite of the properties of KPP; (f)
to the Knowledge of the Kaneb Entities, there are not any existing, pending
or threatened actions, suits, claims, investigations, inquiries or
proceedings by or before any court or any other Governmental Entity directed
against KPP, its Subsidiaries or the Kaneb Partially Owned   
-23-    Entities that pertain or relate to personal injury or property
damage claims relating to a Release of Hazardous Substances; (g) there have
been no ruptures in the Kaneb Pipeline Systems resulting in personal injury,
loss of life, or material property damage; (h) to the Knowledge of the Kaneb
Entities, there are no defects, corrosion or other damage to any of the Kaneb
Pipeline Systems that could reasonably be expected to create a risk of
pipeline integrity failure; and (i) the Kaneb Entities have made available to
VLI complete and correct information regarding compliance matters relating to
Environmental Laws in the possession of KPP or its Subsidiaries and relating
to their respective businesses, operations, properties or Assets.   (ii)
The following terms shall have the following meanings:   (1) "ENVIRONMENTAL
LAWS" means any and all applicable laws,  statutes, regulations, rules,
orders, ordinances, and legally  enforceable directives of and agreements
between a person that is  subject to the applicable representation and any
Governmental Entity  and rules of common law pertaining to protection of
human health (to  the extent arising from exposure to Hazardous Substances)
or the  environment (including any generation, use, storage, treatment, or 
Release of Hazardous Substances into the environment) including the 
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act,  42
U.S.C. Section 9601 ET SEQ., the Resource Conservation and Recovery  Act, 42
U.S.C. Section 6901 ET SEQ., the Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C.  Section 7401 ET
SEQ., the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, 33  U.S.C. Section 1251 ET
SEQ., the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, 33 U.S.C.  Section 2701 ET SEQ., the
Toxic Substances Control Act, 15 U.S.C.  Section 2601 ET SEQ., the Safe
Drinking Water Act, 42 U.S.C. Section  300f ET SEQ., the Occupational Safety
and Health Act, 29 U.S.C.  Section 651 ET SEQ., the Atomic Energy Act, 42
U.S.C. Section 2014 et  seq., the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and
Rodenticide Act, 7  U.S.C. Section 136 ET SEQ., and the Federal Hazardous
Materials  Transportation Law, 49 U.S.C. Section 5101 ET SEQ., as each has
been  amended from time to time, and all other environmental conservation 
and protection laws.   (2) "HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES" means any (a) chemical,
product,  substance, waste, material, pollutant, or contaminant that is
defined  or listed as hazardous or toxic or that is otherwise regulated
under  any Environmental Law; (b) asbestos containing materials, whether in
a  friable or non-friable condition, polychlorinated biphenyls, naturally 
occurring radioactive materials or radon; and (c) any oil or gas  exploration
or production waste or any petroleum, petroleum  hydrocarbons, petroleum
products, crude oil and any components,  fractions, or derivatives
thereof.   (3) "RELEASE" means any depositing, spilling, leaking, pumping, 
pouring, emitting, discarding, emptying, discharging, injecting,  escaping,
leaching, dumping, or disposing into the environment.   (m) EMPLOYEE BENEFIT
PLANS; LABOR MATTERS.    -24-      (i) Section 4.1(m)(i) of the Kaneb
Disclosure Schedule includes a complete list of all Kaneb Benefit Plans.  
(ii) With respect to each Kaneb Plan, the Kaneb Entities have delivered or
made available to VLI, as applicable, a true, correct and complete copy of:
(A) each Kaneb Plan document or a summary of any unwritten Kaneb Plan, trust
agreement and insurance contract or other funding vehicle; (B) the
most recent Annual Report (Form 5500 Series) and accompanying schedule; (C)
the current summary plan description and any material modifications thereto
(in each case, whether or not required to be furnished under ERISA); (D) the
most recent annual financial report; (E) the most recent actuarial report;
and (F) the most recent determination letter from the Internal Revenue
Service. Except as specifically provided in the foregoing documents delivered
or made available to VLI, or except as provided in Section 4.1(m)(ii) of the
Kaneb Disclosure Schedule, there are no amendments to any Kaneb Plan that
have been adopted or approved nor has KPP or any of its Subsidiaries
undertaken to make any such amendments or to adopt or approve any new Kaneb
Plan.   (iii) Section 4.1(m)(iii) of the Kaneb Disclosure
Schedule identifies each Kaneb Plan that is intended to be a "qualified plan"
within the meaning of Section 401(a) of the Code ("KANEB QUALIFIED PLANS").
The Internal Revenue Service has issued a favorable determination letter with
respect to each Kaneb Qualified Plan and the related trust, and such
determination letter has not been revoked. No circumstances exist and no
events have occurred that could adversely affect the qualified status of any
Kaneb Qualified Plan or the related trust, which could not be corrected under
the Internal Revenue Service\'s Employee Plans Compliance Resolution System
(Revenue Procedure 2003-44) without material liability. No Kaneb Plan is
intended to meet the requirements of Code Section 501(c)(9).   (iv) All
contributions required to be made to any Kaneb Plan by applicable law or
regulation or by any plan document or other contractual undertaking, and all
premiums due or payable with respect to insurance policies funding any Kaneb
Plan, for any period through the date of this Agreement have been timely made
or, to the extent not required to be made or paid on or before the date of
this Agreement, have been fully reflected on the financial statements. Each
Kaneb Benefit Plan that is an employee welfare benefit plan under Section
3(1) of ERISA is either (A) funded through an insurance company contract and
is not a "welfare benefit fund" with the meaning of Section 419 of the Code
or (B) unfunded.   (v) With respect to each Kaneb Plan that is subject to
Title IV or Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 or 4971 of the Code: (A)
there does not exist any accumulated funding deficiency within the meaning of
Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, whether or not waived; (B)
the fair market value of the assets of such Kaneb Plan equals or exceeds the
actuarial present value of all accrued benefits under such Kaneb Plan
(whether or not vested) on an accumulated benefits obligation basis based on
the most recent actuarial report for each such plan; (C) no reportable event
within the meaning of Section 4043(c) of ERISA for which the 30-day notice
requirement has not been waived has occurred, and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not result in the occurrence
of any such reportable event; (D) all premiums to the Pension Benefit
Guaranty Corporation (the "PBGC") have been timely paid in full; (E) no
liability (other than for premiums to the PBGC) under Title IV of ERISA has
been or is expected to be incurred by KPP or any of its Subsidiaries; and
(F)    -25-    the PBGC has not instituted proceedings to terminate any
such Kaneb Plan and, to the Knowledge of the Kaneb Entities, no condition
exists that presents a risk that such proceedings will be instituted or which
would constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of,
or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any such Kaneb Plan.   (vi)
(A) No Kaneb Benefit Plan is a Multiemployer Plan or a plan that has two or
more contributing sponsors at least two of whom are not under common control,
within the meaning of Section 4063 of ERISA (a "MULTIPLE EMPLOYER PLAN"); and
(B) none of KPP, any of its Subsidiaries nor any ERISA Affiliates has
incurred any Withdrawal Liability that has not been satisfied in full or
reasonably expects to incur any such liability. With respect to each Kaneb
Benefit Plan that is a Multiemployer Plan, none of KPP, any of its respective
Subsidiaries, nor any of their respective ERISA Affiliates has received any
notification, nor has any reason to believe, that any such Multiemployer Plan
is in reorganization, has been terminated, is insolvent, or may reasonably be
expected to be in reorganization, to be insolvent, or to be terminated.  
(vii) (A) Each of the Kaneb Plans has been operated and administered in all
material respects in accordance with applicable law and administrative rules
and regulations of any Governmental Entity, including, but not limited to,
ERISA and the Code, and (B) there are no pending or, to the Knowledge of the
Kaneb Entities, threatened claims (other than claims for benefits in the
ordinary course), lawsuits or arbitrations which have been asserted or
instituted against the Kaneb Plans, any fiduciaries thereof with respect to
their duties to the Kaneb Plans or the assets of any of the trusts under any
of the Kaneb Plans which could reasonably be expected to result in
any material liability of any of the Kaneb Entities or any of their
respective Subsidiaries to the PBGC, the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the
U.S. Department of Labor, any Kaneb Plan, any participant in a Kaneb Plan, or
any other party.   (viii) Except as set forth in Section 4.1(m)(viii) of
the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule, KPP and its Subsidiaries have no liability for
life, health, medical or other welfare benefits to former employees or
beneficiaries or dependents thereof, except for health continuation coverage
that is required by Section 4980B of the Code or Part 6 of Title I of ERISA
or that is provided at no expense to KPP and its Subsidiaries. KPP and its
Subsidiaries have reserved the right to amend, terminate or modify at any
time all plans or arrangements providing for retiree health or life insurance
coverage.   (ix) Section 4.1(m)(ix) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule
sets forth (A) an accurate and complete list of each Kaneb Plan under which
the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby could (either alone or in conjunction with
any other event), result in, cause the accelerated vesting, funding or
delivery of, or increase the amount or value of, any payment or benefit
(including the forgiveness of indebtedness) to any employee, officer or
director of KPP or any of its respective Subsidiaries, or could limit the
right of KPP or any of its Subsidiaries to amend, merge, terminate or receive
a reversion of assets from any Kaneb Plan or related trust or any employment
agreement or related trust, and (B) a reasonable good faith estimate of the
maximum amount of the payments or value of benefits that could become payable
to officers and senior management of KPP or any of its respective
Subsidiaries if their employment were terminated at the KPP Effective Time.
No    -26-    amounts or benefits payable by KPP or any of its
Subsidiaries will be "parachute payments" within the meaning of Section 280G
of the Code.   (x) Except as would not reasonably be expected, individually
or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Kaneb Entities
,all Kaneb Benefit Plans subject to the laws of any jurisdiction outside of
the United States (A) have been maintained in accordance with all
applicable requirements; (B) if they are intended to qualify for special tax
treatment meet all requirements for such treatment; and (C) if they are
intended to be funded and/or book-reserved are fully funded and/or book
reserved, as appropriate, based upon reasonable actuarial assumptions.  
(xi) There does not now exist, nor do any circumstances exist that could
result in, any liability (A) under Title IV of ERISA, (B) under section 302
of ERISA, (C) under sections 412 and 4971 of the Code, (D) as a result of
a failure to comply with the continuation coverage requirements of section
601 et seq. of ERISA and section 4980B of the Code, and (E) under
corresponding or similar provisions of foreign laws or regulations, other
than such liabilities that arise solely out of, or relate solely to, the
Kaneb Benefit Plans, that would be a liability of KPP or any of its
Subsidiaries following the Effective Time. Without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, neither the Kaneb Entities nor any of their respective
Subsidiaries, nor any of their respective ERISA Affiliates, has engaged in
any transaction described in Section 4069, 4204 or 4212 of ERISA. With
respect to each Kaneb Plan, there is not now, nor do any circumstances exist
that could give rise to, any requirement for the posting of security with
respect to a Kaneb Plan or the imposition of any lien on the assets of KPP or
any of its respective Subsidiaries under ERISA or the Code.   (xii) None of
KPP or any of its Subsidiaries has any potential liability, contingent or
otherwise, under the Coal Industry Retiree Health Benefits Act of 1992. None
of KPP, any of its Subsidiaries or any entity that was ever an ERISA
Affiliate of KPP or any of its Subsidiaries was, on July 20, 1992, required
to be treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code together
with an entity that was ever a party to any collective bargaining agreement
or any other agreement with the United Mine Workers of America.   (n)
PROPERTY OF THE KANEB ENTITIES.   (i) Except for Permitted Encumbrances,
failures that could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in
the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Kaneb Entities or as set
forth in Section 4.1(n) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule, KPP or its
Subsidiaries have defensible, good and valid fee or leasehold title (or, with
respect to Kaneb Pipeline Systems, title to or interest in the applicable
Kaneb Pipeline System sufficient to enable KPP and its Subsidiaries to
conduct their businesses with respect thereto without interference as it is
currently being conducted) to or valid and enforceable Rights of Way through
the Kaneb Real Property and its other Assets, free and clear of all
Encumbrances.   (ii) Except for violations that could not reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect
on the Kaneb Entities or in Section 4.1(n) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule,
the businesses of KPP and its Subsidiaries have been and are being operated
in a manner which does not violate the terms of any Rights of   
-27-    Way used by KPP or its Subsidiaries in their businesses. All
Rights of Way used by KPP or its Subsidiaries in their business are valid and
enforceable, except as the enforceability thereof may be affected by
bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws of general applicability affecting the
rights of creditors generally or principles of equity, and grant the rights
purported to be granted thereby and all rights necessary thereunder for the
current operation of such businesses, except where the failure of any such
Right of Way to be valid and enforceable or to grant the rights purported to
be granted thereby or necessary thereunder would not have a Material Adverse
Effect on the Kaneb Entities. Except as set forth in Section 4.1(n) of the
Kaneb Disclosure Schedule, there are no gaps in the Right of Ways used by KPP
and its Subsidiaries in their businesses that would impair the conduct of
such businesses in a manner that would, or that could reasonably be expected
to, have a Material Adverse Effect on the Kaneb Entities, and no part of the
Kaneb Pipeline System is located on property that is not owned in fee by KPP
or its respective Subsidiaries or subject to a Right of Way in favor of KPP
or one of its Subsidiaries, where the failure of such Kaneb Pipeline System
to be so located would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Kaneb
Entities.   (iii) There is no pending or, to the Knowledge of the
Kaneb Entities, threatened condemnation of any material part of the Kaneb
Real Property used or necessary for the conduct of KPP\'s and its
Subsidiaries\' businesses, as they are presently conducted, by any
Governmental Entity or other Person.   (iv) The Kaneb Real Property and all
buildings, structures, improvements and fixtures located on the Kaneb Real
Property and used in the businesses of KPP and its Subsidiaries (and all
appurtenances thereto and other aspects thereof used in the business) (1) are
in good operating condition and are structurally sound and free of material
defects; and (2) are otherwise adequate and appropriate in all material
respects (including containing lawful means of access) to permit the use
thereof in the manner for the purposes to which it is presently devoted,
except in each case as could not reasonably be expected to have, either
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Kaneb
Entities.   (o) INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. Except as would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Kaneb Entities, (i) KPP and
its Subsidiaries own, or are licensed to use, all Intellectual Property used
in and necessary for the conduct of their business as it is currently
conducted, (ii) to the Knowledge of the Kaneb Entities, the use of
Intellectual Property by KPP and its Subsidiaries does not infringe on or
otherwise violate the rights of any third party, and, to the extent such
Intellectual Property is licensed, its use is in accordance in all material
respects with the applicable license pursuant to which KPP acquired the right
to use such Intellectual Property, (iii) to the Knowledge of the Kaneb
Entities, no third party is challenging, infringing on or otherwise violating
any right of KPP in the Intellectual Property, (iv) neither KPP nor any of
its Subsidiaries has received any written notice of any pending claim, order
or proceeding with respect to any Intellectual Property used in and necessary
for the conduct of KPP\'s and its Subsidiaries\' businesses, as they
are currently conducted, and (v) to the Knowledge of the Kaneb Entities,
no Intellectual Property is being used or enforced by KPP or any of
its Subsidiaries in a manner that would reasonably be expected to result in
the abandonment, cancellation or unenforceability of any Intellectual
Property used in and necessary for the conduct of KPP\'s and its
Subsidiaries\' businesses, as they are currently conducted.   
-28-     (p) STATE TAKEOVER LAWS; RIGHTS PLAN. KPP GP has approved
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement as
required under Section 17-211 of the DRULPA and any other applicable state
takeover laws and any applicable provision of the KPP Partnership Agreement
so that any such state takeover laws and such provisions will not apply to
this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby.   (q)
OPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR. KPP has received the opinion of Houlihan,
Lokey, Howard and Zukin, dated the date of this Agreement, to the effect that
the KPP Consideration to be received by holders of KPP Units (excluding
VLI or any affiliates or associates thereof, any Kaneb Entity or any
affiliates or associates thereof, including KSL, or any director or executive
officer of any Kaneb Entity or KSL) in the KPP Merger is fair to such KPP
Unitholders from a financial point of view.   (r) BOARD APPROVAL AND
GENERAL PARTNER APPROVAL. The board of directors of KPP GP at a meeting duly
called and held, has by unanimous vote of those directors present, (i)
determined that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby are
advisable, fair to and in the best interests of the KPP Unitholders, (ii)
approved and adopted this Agreement and (iii) recommended that the KPP Merger
and this Agreement be approved and adopted by the KPP Unitholders.   (s)
BROKER\'S FEES. None of the Kaneb Entities nor any of their respective
Subsidiaries nor any of their respective officers or directors has employed
any broker or finder or incurred any liability for any broker\'s
fees, commissions or finder\'s fees in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.   (t) TAXES. Except in each case for any
exceptions that are immaterial individually and in the aggregate: (i) all Tax
Returns that were required to be filed by or with respect to KPP or any of
its Subsidiaries have been duly and timely filed, (ii) all items of income,
gain, loss, deduction and credit or other items required to be included in
each such Tax Return, have been so included, (iii) all Taxes owed by KPP or
any of its Subsidiaries that are or have become due have been timely paid in
full or an adequate reserve for the payment of such Taxes has been
established, (iv) all Tax withholding and deposit requirements imposed on or
with respect to KPP or any of its Subsidiaries have been satisfied in full in
all respects, (v) there are no Encumbrances on any of the assets of KPP or
any of its Subsidiaries that arose in connection with any failure (or alleged
failure) to pay any Tax, (vi) there is no written claim against KPP or any of
its Subsidiaries for any Taxes, and no assessment, deficiency or adjustment
has been asserted, proposed, or threatened in writing with respect to any Tax
Return of or with respect to KPP or any of its Subsidiaries, (vii) there is
not in force any extension of time with respect to the due date for the
filing of any Tax Return of or with respect to KPP or any of its Subsidiaries
or any waiver or agreement for any extension of time for the assessment or
payment of any Tax of or with respect to any of KPP or any of
its Subsidiaries, (viii) none of KPP or any of its Subsidiaries will be
required to include any amount in income for any taxable period as a result
of a change in accounting method for any taxable period ending on or before
the Closing Date or pursuant to any agreement with any Tax authority with
respect to any such taxable period, (ix) except as set forth in Section
4.1(t) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule, none of KPP or any of its
Subsidiaries is a party to a Tax allocation or sharing agreement, and no
payments are due or will become due by any of the Kaneb Entities or any of
their Subsidiaries pursuant to any such    -29-    agreement or
arrangement or any Tax indemnification agreement, (x) none of KPP or any of
its Subsidiaries has been a member of an affiliated group filing
a consolidated federal income Tax Return or has any liability for the Taxes
of any Person (other than a Kaneb Entity or any of their Subsidiaries) under
Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state,
local, or foreign Law), as a transferee or successor, by contract, or
otherwise, (xi) KPP is a "publicly traded partnership" for United States
federal income tax purposes, and (xii) at least 90% of the gross income of
KPP for each taxable year since its formation has been from sources that will
be treated as "qualifying income" within the meaning of section 7704(d) of
the Code.   (u) LABOR RELATIONS; COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREEMENTS. Except as
set forth in Section 4.1(u) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule, neither KPP nor
any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any collective bargaining or other
labor union contract applicable to persons employed by KPP or any of its
Subsidiaries, and no collective bargaining agreement or other labor union
contract is being negotiated by KPP or any of its Subsidiaries. No labor
organization or group of employees of KPP or any of its Subsidiaries has made
a pending demand for recognition or certification, and there are no
representation or certification proceedings or petitions seeking a
representation proceeding presently pending or, to the Knowledge of the Kaneb
Entities, threatened to be brought or filed, with the National Labor
Relations Board or any other labor relations tribunal or authority. Except as
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Kaneb Entities, (i) there is no labor dispute, strike, slowdown or work
stoppage against KPP or any of its Subsidiaries pending or, to the Knowledge
of any of the Kaneb Entities, threatened against KPP or any of
its Subsidiaries and (ii) no unfair labor practice or labor charge or
complaint has occurred with respect to KPP or any of its Subsidiaries.  
(v) REGULATION AS A UTILITY; INVESTMENT COMPANY. None of the Kaneb Entities
nor any of its Subsidiaries is (i) an "investment company", as defined in, or
subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended,
or (ii) (1) a "public-utility company" or a "holding company" or (2)
a "subsidiary company" or an "affiliate" of a "public-utility company" or
a "holding company," as such terms are defined in the Public Utility
Holding Company Act of 1935, as amended. Except as set forth in Section
4.1(v) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule, none of the Kaneb Entities or their
affiliates, all or part of whose rates or services are regulated by a
Governmental Entity, is a party to any proceeding before a Governmental
Entity that could reasonably be expected to result in orders having a
Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Kaneb Entities, nor to the
Knowledge of the Kaneb Entities has notice of such a proceeding been given or
has any Governmental Entity indicated to any of the Kaneb Entities its
intention to hold such a proceeding.   4.2 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
VLI. Except as disclosed in a section of the VLI disclosure schedule
delivered to the Kaneb Entities concurrently herewith (the "VLI DISCLOSURE
SCHEDULE") corresponding to the subsection of this Section 4.2 to which such
disclosure applies or as specifically identified in the VLI SEC Documents
filed prior to the date hereof, VLI hereby represents and warrants to the
Kaneb Entities as follows:   (a) ORGANIZATION.   (i) Each of VLI and VLI
GP is a limited partnership and Parent GP is a limited liability company, in
each case, duly organized, validly existing and in good standing   
-30-    under the laws of the State of Delaware. Each of VLI, VLI GP and
Parent GP has the requisite power and authority to own or lease all of its
properties and assets and to carry on its business as it is now being
conducted, and is duly licensed or qualified to do business in each
jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted by it or the
character or location of the properties and assets owned or leased by it
makes such licensing or qualification necessary, except where the failure to
have such power or authority or be so licensed or qualified would not, either
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on VLI. True
and complete copies of the VLI Partnership Agreement, as in effect as of the
date of this Agreement, have previously been made available by VLI to the
Kaneb Entities.   (ii) Each Subsidiary of VLI (A) is duly organized and
validly existing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization, (B) is
duly qualified to do business and in good standing in all jurisdictions
(whether federal, state, local or foreign) where its ownership or leasing of
property or the conduct of its business requires it to be so qualified and
(C) has all requisite power and authority to own or lease its properties and
assets and to carry on its business as now conducted except in each case
where the failure to have such power or authority or to be so organized in
existence or qualified would not have a Material Adverse Effect on VLI.  
(iii) Section 4.2(a)(iii) of the VLI Disclosure Schedule sets forth, as of
the date of this Agreement, a true and complete list of each of the VLI
Entities and VLI Partially Owned Entities and each of their
respective Subsidiaries, together with (i) the nature of the legal
organization of such Person, (ii) the jurisdiction of organization or
formation of such Person, (iii) the name of each VLI Entity or VLI Partially
Owned Entity that owns beneficially or of record any equity or similar
interest in such Person, and (iv) the percentage interest owned by such VLI
Entity or VLI Partially Owned Entity in such Person. None of the VLI Entities
is subject to any obligation in excess of $1,000,000 to provide funds to or
make any investment in (in the form of a loan, capital contribution or
otherwise) any of their Subsidiaries, Partially Owned Entities or other
Persons.   (b) CAPITALIZATION.   (i) As of the date of this Agreement, VLI
has no limited partner interests issued and outstanding other than the
following: (1) 13,442,072 VLI Common Units, including 614,572 issued to UDS
Logistics LLC, with respect to which UDS Logistics LLC is the sole record
holder, and 40,421 issued to VLI GP, with respect to which VLI GP is the sole
record holder; (2) outstanding options to purchase 219,106 VLI Common Units
at the exercise prices and with the vesting schedules set forth on Section
4.2(b)(i)(2) of the VLI Disclosure Schedule; (3) outstanding awards for the
issuance of 38,206 restricted VLI Common Units having the vesting schedules
set forth on Section 4.2(b)(i)(3) of the VLI Disclosure Schedule; and (4)
9,599,322 VLI Subordinated Units issued to UDS Logistics LLC, with respect to
which UDS Logistics LLC is the sole record holder.   (ii) Each of the VLI
Common Units and the VLI Subordinated Units and the limited partner interests
represented thereby have been duly authorized and validly issued in
accordance with applicable laws and the VLI Partnership Agreement, and are
fully paid (to the extent required under the VLI Partnership Agreement) and
non-assessable (except to the extent such non-assessability may be affected
by Section 17-607 of the DRULPA). Such VLI    -31-    Common Units and
VLI Subordinated Units were not issued in violation of pre-emptive or similar
rights or any other agreement or understanding binding on VLI. All of the
outstanding equity interests of the direct and indirect Subsidiaries of VLI
and the VLI Partially Owned Entities have been duly authorized and are
validly issued, fully paid (to the extent required under the applicable
governing documents) and non-assessable and free of pre-emptive rights
(except (1) with respect to general partner interests, (2) as set forth to
the contrary in the applicable governing documents and (3) to the extent
such non-assessability may be affected by the DRULPA or the LLC Act) and were
not issued in violation of pre-emptive or similar rights; and all such shares
and other equity interests, other than interests in VLI Partially Owned
Entities that are owned by others, are owned, directly or indirectly, by VLI,
free and clear of all Encumbrances. No Subsidiary of VLI has or is bound by
any outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, commitments or
agreements of any character calling for the purchase or issuance of any
equity securities or any other equity ownership interests of such Subsidiary
or any securities representing the right to purchase or otherwise receive any
equity security of such Subsidiary. No Subsidiary of VLI has any Voting
Debt.   (iii) VLI GP is the sole general partner of VLI. VLI GP is the sole
record and beneficial owner of the general partner interest in VLI, and such
general partner interest has been duly authorized and validly issued
in accordance with applicable laws and the VLI Partnership Agreement. VLI GP
owns such general partner interest free and clear of any Encumbrances. VLI GP
is the sole record and beneficial owner of all of the VLI Incentive
Distribution Rights and owns such rights free and clear of all
Encumbrances.   (iv) Parent GP is the sole general partner of VLI GP. Parent
GP is the sole record and beneficial owner of the general partner interest in
VLI GP, and such general partner interest has been duly authorized and
validly issued in accordance with applicable laws and the VLI GP partnership
agreement. Parent GP owns such general partner interest free and clear of any
Encumbrances.   (c) AUTHORITY; NO VIOLATION.   (i) Each of the VLI
Entities has the requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this
Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, subject to
VLI Unitholders Approval. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and
validly approved by VLI Sub B and VLI, as its sole member, and by Parent GP,
on behalf of VLI GP. Parent GP, on behalf of VLI GP, has directed that this
Agreement be submitted to VLI Unitholders for approval at a meeting of VLI
Unitholders for the purpose of approving the issuance of the VLI Common Units
constituting the KPP Consideration in the KPP Merger (the "VLI UNITHOLDERS
MEETING"), and, except for the approval of the issuance of VLI Common Units
in the KPP Merger by both the holders of a majority of the outstanding VLI
Common Units and the holders of a majority of the outstanding VLI
Subordinated Units, each voting as a separate class, (holders of VLI
Common Units and VLI Subordinated Units are referred to collectively herein
as the "VLI UNITHOLDERS") at a meeting of VLI Unitholders at which a quorum
is present (the "VLI UNITHOLDERS APPROVAL"), no other proceedings on the part
of VLI are necessary to approve this Agreement and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly and validly
executed and delivered by the VLI Entities and (assuming due
authorization,    -32-    execution and delivery by the Kaneb Entities)
constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the VLI Entities, enforceable
against the VLI Entities in accordance with its terms.   (ii) Neither the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by VLI, nor the consummation by VLI
of the transactions contemplated hereby, nor compliance by VLI with any of
the terms or provisions hereof, will (A) violate any provision of the VLI
Partnership Agreement or the organizational documents of its Subsidiaries or
(B) assuming that the consents and approvals referred to in Section 4.2(d)
are duly obtained, (x) violate any statute, code, ordinance, rule,
regulation, judgment, order, writ, decree or injunction applicable to
VLI, any of its Subsidiaries or, to VLI\'s Knowledge, VLI Partially Owned
Entities or any of their respective properties or assets or (y) violate,
conflict with, result in a breach of any provision of or the loss of any
benefit under, constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse
of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, result in the
termination of or a right of termination or cancellation under, accelerate
the performance required by, accelerate any right or benefit provided by, or
result in the creation of any Encumbrance upon any of the respective
properties or assets of VLI, any of its Subsidiaries or, to the VLI
Entities\' Knowledge, the Partially Owned Entities under any of the terms,
conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of
trust, license, lease, agreement or other instrument or obligation to which
VLI, any of its Subsidiaries or, to the VLI Entities\' Knowledge, the
Partially Owned Entities is a party, or by which they or any of their
respective properties or assets may be bound or affected, except (in the case
of clause (y) above) for such violations, conflicts, breaches or
defaults which, either individually or in the aggregate, will not have a
Material Adverse Effect on VLI.   (d) CONSENTS AND APPROVALS. Except for
(i) the filing of a notification and report form under the HSR Act and the
termination or expiration of the waiting period under the HSR Act, (ii) the
Other Approvals, (iii) the filing with the SEC of the Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus and the Form S-4, (iv) the filing of the Certificate of
Merger, (v) any consents, authorizations, approvals, filings or exemptions in
connection with compliance with the rules of the NYSE, (vi) such filings and
approvals as are required to be made or obtained under the securities or
"Blue Sky" laws of various states in connection with the issuance of the
shares of VLI Common Units pursuant to this Agreement and (vii) such other
consents, approvals, filings and registrations the failure of which to obtain
or make would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect on VLI, no consents or approvals of or
filings or registrations with any Governmental Entity are necessary
in connection with (A) the execution and delivery by the VLI Entities of
this Agreement and (B) the consummation by the VLI Entities of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (e) FINANCIAL REPORTS AND
SEC DOCUMENTS; DISCLOSURE AND INTERNAL CONTROLS.   (i) The VLI 2003 10-K
and all other reports, registration statements, definitive proxy statements
or information statements filed or to be filed by VLI or any of its
Subsidiaries subsequent to December 31, 2000, including, but not limited to,
items incorporated by reference into such reports, registration statements,
definitive proxy statements or information statements under the Securities
Act or under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act, in the
form filed, or to be filed (collectively, the "VLI SEC DOCUMENTS"), with the
SEC (i) complied or will comply in all material respects as to form with the
applicable requirements under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as the
case may be, and (ii) as of its filing date, did    -33-    not or will
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading; and each of the balance sheets contained in
or incorporated by reference into any such VLI SEC Document (including the
related notes and schedules thereto) fairly presents or will fairly present
the financial position of the entity or entities to which it relates as of
its date, and each of the statements of income and changes in shareholders\'
equity and cash flows or equivalent statements in such VLI SEC Documents
(including any related notes and schedules thereto) fairly presents or will
fairly present the results of operations, changes in shareholders\' equity
and changes in cash flows, as the case may be, of the entity or entities to
which it relates for the periods to which it relates, in each case in
accordance with GAAP consistently applied during the periods involved,
except, in each case, as may be noted therein, subject to normal year-end
audit adjustments in the case of unaudited statements. There are no
outstanding comments from, or unresolved issues raised by, the SEC with
respect to the VLI SEC Documents. No executive officer of VLI or VLI GP has
failed in any respect to make the certification required of him or her under
Sections 302 or 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and no enforcement
action has been initiated against VLI relating to disclosures contained in
any VLI SEC Documents.   (ii) Prior to the date of this Agreement and in the
ordinary course of business, the board of directors of Parent GP has
established approval procedures (which, as in effect as of the date of this
Agreement, have previously been disclosed to the Kaneb Entities) with respect
to the open position resulting from VLI\'s and its Subsidiaries\' physical
commodity transactions, exchange-traded futures and options and over-the-
counter derivative instruments.   (iii) Except as set forth in Section
4.2(e)(iii) of the VLI Disclosure Schedule, the records, systems, controls,
data and information of VLI and its Subsidiaries are recorded, stored,
maintained and operated under means that are under the exclusive ownership
and direct control of VLI or its Subsidiaries or accountants, except for any
non-exclusive ownership and non-direct control that would not reasonably be
expected to have a materially adverse effect on the system of internal
accounting controls described in the following sentence. VLI and its
Subsidiaries have devised and maintain a system of internal accounting
controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP, including that
(1) transactions are executed only in accordance with management\'s
authorization; (2) transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of the financial statements of VLI and to maintain
accountability for the assets of VLI and its Subsidiaries, as applicable; (3)
access to such assets is permitted only in accordance with management\'s
authorization; (4) the reporting of such assets is compared with existing
assets at regular intervals; and (5) accounts, notes and other receivables
and inventory are recorded accurately, and proper and adequate procedures are
implemented to effect the collection thereof on a current and timely basis.
VLI (1) has designed disclosure controls and procedures (within the meaning
of Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) to ensure that material
information relating to such entity and its Subsidiaries is made known to the
management of such entity (or its general partner) by others within those
entities as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure and to make the certifications required by the Exchange Act with
respect to the VLI SEC Documents, and (2) has disclosed, based on its most
recent evaluation prior to the date of this Agreement, to its auditors and
the audit committee of its or its general partner\'s board of directors (A)
any    -34-    significant deficiencies in the design or operation of
internal controls which could adversely affect in any material respect its
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data and have
disclosed to its auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls and
(B) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in its internal controls. VLI has made
available to the Kaneb Entities a summary of any such disclosure made by
management to VLI\'s auditors and audit committee since January 1, 2002. VLI
has initiated its process of compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-
Oxley Act and expects to be in full compliance therewith by the SEC mandated
compliance date.   (iv) Except as set forth in Section 4.2(e)(iv) of the
VLI Disclosure Schedule, since July 30, 2002, (x) none of VLI or any of
its Subsidiaries nor, to the Knowledge of VLI, any director, officer,
employee, auditor, accountant or representative of either of VLI or any of
its Subsidiaries has received or otherwise had or obtained knowledge of any
material complaint, allegation, assertion or claim, whether written or oral,
regarding the accounting or auditing practices, procedures, methodologies or
methods of VLI or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective internal
accounting controls, including any material complaint, allegation, assertion
or claim that VLI or any of its Subsidiaries has engaged in questionable
accounting or auditing practices, and (y) no attorney representing VLI or any
of its Subsidiaries, whether or not employed thereby, has reported evidence
of a material violation of securities laws, breach of fiduciary duty or
similar violation by VLI or any of its officers, directors, employees or
agents, or those of its Subsidiaries, to the board of directors of VLI GP or
any committee thereof or to any director or officer of VLI.   (f) ABSENCE
OF UNDISCLOSED LIABILITIES. Except as disclosed in the audited financial
statements (or notes thereto) included in the VLI 2003 10-K, neither VLI nor
any of its Subsidiaries had at December 31, 2003, or has incurred since that
date, any liabilities or obligations (whether absolute, accrued, contingent
or otherwise) of any nature, except (a) liabilities, obligations or
contingencies which (i) are accrued or reserved against in the financial
statements in the VLI 2003 10-K or reflected in the notes thereto or (ii)
were incurred thereafter in the ordinary course of business and
consistent with past practices, (b) liabilities, obligations or contingencies
which (i) would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on VLI or (ii) have been discharged or
paid in full prior to the date hereof.   (g) ABSENCE OF CERTAIN CHANGES OR
EVENTS. (i) Since December 31, 2003, except as set forth in the VLI SEC
Documents filed prior to the date hereof, no event or events have occurred
that has had or would reasonably be expected to have, either individually or
in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on VLI.   (ii) Except as set
forth in as set forth in Section 4.2(g)(ii) of the VLI Disclosure Schedule,
since December 31, 2003, VLI and its Subsidiaries have carried on their
respective businesses in all material respects in the ordinary course.  
(iii) Except as set forth in Section 4.2(g)(iii) of the VLI Disclosure
Schedule or as permitted under Section 5.2(h) hereof, since December 31,
2003, neither VLI nor any of its Subsidiaries has (A) except for such actions
as were in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or
except as required by applicable law, (I) increased the wages,   
-35-    salaries, compensation, pension, or other fringe benefits or
perquisites payable to any executive officer or director from the amount
thereof in effect as of December 31, 2003, or (II) granted any severance or
termination pay, entered into any contract to make or grant any severance or
termination pay, or paid any bonuses, to any executive officer or director or
(B) suffered any strike, work stoppage, slowdown, or other labor disturbance
which would be reasonably be expected to have (in the case of this clause (B)
only), either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on
the VLI.   (iv) Since December 31, 2003 and prior to the date hereof, VLI
has not declared any distributions on VLI Common Units or VLI Subordinated
Units other than its regular quarterly distributions as follows:   AMOUNT
PER VLI AMOUNT PER VLI  QUARTER COMMON UNIT SUBORDINATED UNIT  -------
----------- -----------------  Fourth (2003) $ 0.75 $0.75  First (2004) $
0.80 $ 0.80  Second (2004) $ 0.80 $ 0.80  Third (2004) $ 0.80 $ 0.80   
(h) LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. Except as disclosed in the VLI SEC Documents filed
prior to the date hereof or Section 4.2(h) of the VLI Disclosure
Schedule, there is no suit, action or proceeding or investigation pending or,
to the Knowledge of VLI, threatened, against or affecting VLI or any of
its Subsidiaries that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on VLI, nor is there any
judgment, decree, injunction, rule or order of any Governmental Entity or
arbitrator outstanding against VLI or its Subsidiaries having, or which would
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, any such
effect.   (i) COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAW. VLI and each of its
Subsidiaries hold all licenses, franchises, permits and authorizations
necessary for the lawful conduct of their respective businesses under and
pursuant to each, and have complied in all respects with and are not in
default under any, applicable law, statute, order, rule or regulation of any
Governmental Entity relating to VLI or any of its Subsidiaries, except where
the failure to hold such license, franchise, permit or authorization or such
noncompliance or default would not, either individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on VLI.   (j)
CONTRACTS. Except as disclosed in the VLI SEC Documents filed prior to the
date hereof, or Section 4.2(j) of the VLI Disclosure Schedule:   (i) Neither
VLI nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or bound by any contract,
arrangement, commitment or understanding (whether written or oral) (1),
which, upon the consummation or VLI Unitholders Approval of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, will (either alone or upon the occurrence of
any additional acts or events) result in any payment (whether of severance
pay or otherwise) becoming due from KPP, VLI, the    -36-    Surviving
Partnership or any of their respective Subsidiaries to any director, officer
or employee thereof, (2) which is a "material contract" (as such term
is defined in Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K), or which, if entered
into, amended, terminated or otherwise created or modified on or after the
date of this Agreement, would be required to be disclosed on a Current Report
on Form 8-K filed with the SEC, to be performed after the date of this
Agreement that has not been filed or incorporated by reference in the VLI SEC
Documents filed prior to the date of this Agreement, (3) which materially
restricts the conduct of any line of business by VLI or upon consummation of
the KPP Merger will materially restrict the ability of the VLI Entities to
engage in any line of business, (4) relating to any outstanding commitment
for any capital expenditure in excess of $10,000,000, (5) with any labor
union or organization, (6) except as (a) reflected in the financial
statements included in the VLI SEC Documents filed prior to the date hereof
or (b) from the date hereof to the extent permitted under Section 5.2(h),
indentures, mortgages, liens, promissory notes, loan agreements, guarantees
or other arrangements relating to the borrowing of money by any of the VLI
Entities or any of their Subsidiaries, (7) containing provisions triggered by
change of control of any of the VLI Entities or any of their Subsidiaries or
(8) in favor of directors or officers relating to employment or compensation
or providing rights to indemnification, or (9) between any of the VLI
Entities and any of their respective Affiliates. Each contract, arrangement,
commitment or understanding of the type described in this Section 4.2(j),
whether or not set forth in the VLI Disclosure Schedule or in such VLI SEC
Documents, is referred to herein as a "VLI CONTRACT". True and complete
copies of all such VLI Contracts have been made available by the VLI Entities
to the Kaneb Entities.   (ii) (A) Each VLI Contract is valid and binding on
VLI and any of its Subsidiaries that is a party thereto, as applicable, and
in full force and effect, (B) VLI and each of its Subsidiaries has performed
all obligations required to be performed by it to date under each VLI
Contract, except where such noncompliance, either individually or in the
aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
on VLI, and (C) neither VLI nor any of its Subsidiaries knows of, or has
received notice of, the existence of any event or condition which
constitutes, or, after notice or lapse of time or both, will constitute, a
default on the part of VLI or any of its Subsidiaries under any such VLI
Contract, except where such default, either individually or in the aggregate,
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
VLI.   (k) INSURANCE.   (i) Section 4.2(k) of the VLI Disclosure Schedule
sets forth a true and complete list of all Policies of VLI. Upon request, VLI
will make available to the Kaneb Entities certificates of insurance and
insurance summaries from the insurance broker evidencing the existence of the
Policies. Except as set forth on Section 4.2(k) of the VLI Disclosure
Schedule, all such policies are in full force and effect. All premiums
payable under such Policies have been paid in a timely manner and VLI and its
Subsidiaries have complied in all material respects with the terms and
conditions of all such Policies.   (ii) Neither VLI nor any of its
Subsidiaries is in default under any provisions of the Policies, and there is
no claim by VLI or any of its Subsidiary or any of other person pending under
any of the Policies as to which coverage has been questioned, denied or
disputed by the underwriters or issuers of such Policies. None of VLI or any
of its Subsidiaries    -37-    has received written notice from an
insurance carrier issuing any Policies that alteration of any equipment or
any improvements located on Real Property, purchase of additional equipment,
or modification of any of the methods of doing business of VLI or its
Subsidiaries, will be required or suggested after the date of this Agreement,
except for any such alterations or modifications as, either individually or
in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on VLI.   (l) ENVIRONMENTAL LIABILITY. Except as set forth in Section
4.2(l) of the VLI Disclosure Schedule, and except as would not have a
Material Adverse Effect on VLI: (a) VLI and its Subsidiaries, and to the
Knowledge of VLI, the VLI Partially Owned Entities, and their respective
businesses, operations, properties and Assets are in compliance with all
Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits; (b) VLI, its Subsidiaries, and
to the Knowledge of VLI, the VLI Partially Owned Entities, have obtained or
filed for all Environmental Permits for their respective businesses,
operations, properties and Assets as they currently exist and all such
Environmental Permits are currently in full force and effect; (c) VLI, its
Subsidiaries, and to the Knowledge of VLI, the VLI Partially Owned Entities,
and their respective businesses, operations, properties and Assets are not
subject to any pending or, to the Knowledge of VLI, threatened claims,
actions, suits, writs, injunctions, decrees, orders, judgments,
investigations, inquiries or proceedings relating to their compliance with
Environmental Laws; (d) (i) there has been no Release of Hazardous Substances
on, under or from the current or former property owned, leased or operated by
VLI, its Subsidiaries, or to the Knowledge of VLI, the VLI Partially Owned
Entities, that was required to be reported under applicable
Environmental Laws but was not so reported, and (ii) VLI has provided the
Kaneb Entities with copies of all reports and related documentation regarding
any Release of Hazardous Substances on, under or from the current or former
property owned, leased or operated by VLI, its Subsidiaries, or to the
Knowledge of VLI, the VLI Partially Owned Entities; (e) none of VLI, its
Subsidiaries, and to the Knowledge of VLI, the VLI Partially Owned Entities
have received any written notice asserting an alleged liability or obligation
under any Environmental Laws involving VLI, its Subsidiaries or the VLI
Partially Owned Entities with respect to the actual or alleged Hazardous
Substance contamination of any property offsite of the properties of VLI; (f)
to the Knowledge of VLI, there are not any existing, pending or threatened
actions, suits, claims, investigations, inquiries or proceedings by or before
any court or any other Governmental Entity directed against VLI, its
Subsidiaries or the VLI Partially Owned Entities that pertain or relate to
personal injury or property damage claims relating to a Release of Hazardous
Substances; (g) there have been no ruptures in the VLI Pipeline Systems
resulting in personal injury, loss of life, or material property damage; (h)
to the Knowledge of VLI, there are no defects, corrosion or other damage to
any of the VLI Pipeline Systems that could reasonably be expected to create a
risk of pipeline integrity failure; and (i) VLI has made available to KPP
complete and correct information regarding compliance matters relating to
Environmental Laws in the possession of VLI or its Subsidiaries and relating
to their respective businesses, operations, properties or Assets.   (m)
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS; LABOR MATTERS.   (i) Section 4.2(m)(i) of the VLI
Disclosure Schedule includes a complete list of all VLI Benefit Plans.   
-38-     (ii) With respect to each VLI Plan, VLI has delivered or
made available to the Kaneb Entities, as applicable, a true, correct and
complete copy of: (A) each VLI Plan document or a summary of any unwritten
VLI Plan, trust agreement and insurance contract or other funding vehicle;
(B) the most recent Annual Report (Form 5500 Series) and accompanying
schedule; (C) the current summary plan description and any material
modifications thereto (in each case, whether or not required to be furnished
under ERISA); (D) the most recent annual financial report; (E) the most
recent actuarial report; and (F) the most recent determination letter from
the Internal Revenue Service. Except as specifically provided in the
foregoing documents delivered or made available to the Kaneb Entities or
except as provided on Section 4.2(m)(ii) of the VLI Disclosure Schedule,
there are no amendments to any VLI Plan that have been adopted or approved
nor has any VLI Entity or any of its Subsidiaries undertaken to make any such
amendments or to adopt or approve any new VLI Plan.   (iii) Section
4.2(m)(iii) of the VLI Disclosure Schedule identifies each VLI Plan that is
intended to be a "qualified plan" within the meaning of Section 401(a) of the
Code ("VLI QUALIFIED PLANS"). The Internal Revenue Service has issued a
favorable determination letter with respect to each VLI Qualified Plan and
the related trust, and such determination letter has not been revoked. No
circumstances exist and no events have occurred that could adversely affect
the qualified status of any VLI Qualified Plan or the related trust, which
could not be corrected under the Internal Revenue Service\'s Employee Plans
Compliance Resolution System (Revenue Procedure 2003-44) without material
liability. No VLI Plan is intended to meet the requirements of Code Section
501(c)(9).   (iv) All contributions required to be made to any VLI Plan
by applicable law or regulation or by any plan document or other
contractual undertaking, and all premiums due or payable with respect to
insurance policies funding any VLI Plan, for any period through the date of
this Agreement have been timely made or, to the extent not required to be
made or paid on or before the date of this Agreement, have been fully
reflected on the financial statements. Each VLI Benefit Plan that is an
employee welfare benefit plan under Section 3(1) of ERISA is either (A)
funded through an insurance company contract and is not a "welfare benefit
fund" with the meaning of Section 419 of the Code or (B) unfunded.   (v)
With respect to each VLI Plan that is subject to Title IV or Section 302 of
ERISA or Section 412 or 4971 of the Code: (A) there does not exist any
accumulated funding deficiency within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code
or Section 302 of ERISA, whether or not waived; (B) the fair market value of
the assets of such VLI Plan equals or exceeds the actuarial present value of
all accrued benefits under such VLI Plan (whether or not vested) on
an accumulated benefits obligation basis based on the most recent actuarial
report for each such plan; (C) no reportable event within the meaning of
Section 4043(c) of ERISA for which the 30-day notice requirement has not been
waived has occurred, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement will not result in the occurrence of any such reportable
event; (D) all premiums to the PBGC have been timely paid in full; (E) no
liability (other than for premiums to the PBGC) under Title IV of ERISA has
been or is expected to be incurred by any VLI Entity or any of its
Subsidiaries; and (F) the PBGC has not instituted proceedings to terminate
any such VLI Plan and, to the Knowledge of the VLI Entities, no condition
exists that presents a risk that such proceedings will be instituted or which
would    -39-    constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the
termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any such VLI
Plan.   (vi) No VLI Benefit Plan is a Multiemployer Plan or a
Multiple Employer Plan; and (B) none of the VLI Entities, any of their
respective Subsidiaries nor any ERISA Affiliates has incurred any Withdrawal
Liability that has not been satisfied in full or reasonably expects to incur
any such liability. With respect to each VLI Benefit Plan that is a
Multiemployer Plan, none of the VLI Entities, any of their respective
Subsidiaries, nor any of their respective ERISA Affiliates has received any
notification, nor has any reason to believe, that any such Multiemployer Plan
is in reorganization, has been terminated, is insolvent, or may reasonably be
expected to be in reorganization, to be insolvent, or to be terminated.  
(vii) Each of the VLI Plans has been operated and administered in all
material respects in accordance with applicable law and administrative
rules and regulations of any Governmental Entity, including, but not limited
to, ERISA and the Code, and there are no pending or, to the Knowledge of the
VLI Entities, threatened claims (other than claims for benefits in the
ordinary course), lawsuits or arbitrations which have been asserted or
instituted against the VLI Plans, any fiduciaries thereof with respect to
their duties to the VLI Plans or the assets of any of the trusts under any of
the VLI Plans which could reasonably be expected to result in any material
liability of any of the VLI Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries
to the PBGC, the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Department of
Labor, any VLI Plan, any participant in a VLI Plan, or any other party.  
(viii) Except as set forth in Section 4.2(m)(viii) of the VLI Disclosure
Schedule, the VLI Entities and their respective Subsidiaries have
no liability for life, health, medical or other welfare benefits to
former employees or beneficiaries or dependents thereof, except for health
continuation coverage that is required by Section 4980B of the Code or Part 6
of Title I of ERISA or that is provided at no expense to the VLI Entities and
their respective Subsidiaries. The VLI Entities and their respective
Subsidiaries have reserved the right to amend, terminate or modify at any
time all plans or arrangements providing for retiree health or life insurance
coverage.   (ix) Section 4.2(m)(ix) of the VLI Disclosure Schedule sets
forth (A) an accurate and complete list of each VLI Plan under which the
execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby could (either alone or in conjunction with
any other event), result in, cause the accelerated vesting, funding or
delivery of, or increase the amount or value of, any payment or benefit
(including the forgiveness of indebtedness) to any employee, officer or
director of the VLI Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries, or
could limit the right of the VLI Entities or any of their respective
Subsidiaries to amend, merge, terminate or receive a reversion of assets from
any VLI Plan or related trust or any employment agreement or related trust,
and (B) a reasonable good faith estimate of the maximum amount of
the payments or value of benefits that could become payable to officers and
senior management of the VLI Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries
if their employment were terminated at either of the Effective Times.   (x)
Except as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate,
to have a Material Adverse Effect on the VLI Entities, all VLI Benefit Plans
subject to    -40-    the laws of any jurisdiction outside of the
United States (A) have been maintained in accordance with all applicable
requirements; (B) if they are intended to qualify for special tax treatment
meet all requirements for such treatment; and (C) if they are intended to be
funded and/or book-reserved are fully funded and/or book reserved, as
appropriate, based upon reasonable actuarial assumptions.   (xi) There does
not now exist, nor do any circumstances exist that could result in, any
liability (A) under Title IV of ERISA, (B) under section 302 of ERISA, (C)
under sections 412 and 4971 of the Code, (D) as a result of a failure to
comply with the continuation coverage requirements of section 601 et seq. of
ERISA and section 4980B of the Code, and (E) under corresponding or similar
provisions of foreign laws or regulations, other than such liabilities that
arise solely out of, or relate solely to, the VLI Benefit Plans, that
would be a liability of the VLI Entities or any of their respective
Subsidiaries following the Effective Time. Without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, neither the VLI Entities nor any of their respective
Subsidiaries, nor any of their respective ERISA Affiliates, has engaged in
any transaction described in Section 4069, 4204 or 4212 of ERISA. With
respect to each VLI Plan, there is not now, nor do any circumstances exist
that could give rise to, any requirement for the posting of security with
respect to a VLI Plan or the imposition of any lien on the assets of the VLI
Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries under ERISA or the Code.  
(xii) None of the VLI Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries has
any potential liability, contingent or otherwise, under the Coal Industry
Retiree Health Benefits Act of 1992. None of VLI, any of its Subsidiaries or
any entity that was ever an ERISA Affiliate of VLI or any of its Subsidiaries
was, on July 20, 1992, required to be treated as a single employer under
Section 414 of the Code together with an entity that was ever a party to any
collective bargaining agreement or any other agreement with the United
Mine Workers of America.   (n) PROPERTY OF VLI.   (i) Except for
Permitted Encumbrances, failures that could not reasonably be expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on VLI or
in Section 4.2(n) of the VLI Disclosure Schedule, VLI or its Subsidiaries
have defensible, good and valid fee or leasehold title (or, with respect to
VLI Pipeline Systems, title to or interest in the applicable VLI Pipeline
System sufficient to enable VLI and its Subsidiaries to conduct
their businesses with respect thereto without interference as it is currently
being conducted) to or valid and enforceable Rights of Way through the VLI
Real Property and its other Assets, free and clear of all Encumbrances.  
(ii) Except for violations that could not reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on VLI or as set
forth in the VLI SEC Documents filed prior to the date hereof or in Section
4.2(n) of the VLI Disclosure Schedule, the businesses of VLI and
its Subsidiaries have been and are being operated in a manner which does not
violate the terms of any Rights of Way used by VLI or its Subsidiaries in
their businesses. All Rights of Way used by VLI or its Subsidiaries in their
business are valid and enforceable, except as the enforceability thereof may
be affected by bankruptcy, insolvency or other Laws of general applicability
affecting the rights of creditors generally or principles of   
-41-    equity, and grant the rights purported to be granted thereby and
all rights necessary thereunder for the current operation of such businesses,
except where the failure of any such Right of Way to be valid and enforceable
or to grant the rights purported to be granted thereby or necessary
thereunder would not have a Material Adverse Effect on VLI. Except as set
forth in Section 4.2(n) of the VLI Disclosure Schedule, there are no gaps in
the Right of Ways used by VLI and its Subsidiaries in their businesses that
would impair the conduct of such businesses in a manner that would, or that
could reasonably be expected to, have a Material Adverse Effect on VLI, and
no part of the VLI Pipeline System is located on property that is not owned
in fee by VLI or its Subsidiaries or subject to a Right of Way in favor of
VLI or one of its Subsidiaries, where the failure of such VLI Pipeline System
to be so located would have a Material Adverse Effect on VLI.   (iii) There
is no pending or, to the Knowledge of VLI, threatened condemnation of any
material part of the VLI Real Property used or necessary for the conduct of
VLI and its Subsidiaries\' businesses, as they are presently conducted, by
any Governmental Entity or other Person.   (iv) The VLI Real Property and
all buildings, structures, improvements and fixtures located on the VLI Real
Property and used in the businesses of VLI and its Subsidiaries (and all
appurtenances thereto and other aspects thereof used in the business) (1) are
in good operating condition and are structurally sound and free of material
defects; and (2) are otherwise adequate and appropriate in all material
respects (including containing lawful means of access) to permit the use
thereof in the manner for the purposes to which it is presently devoted,
except in each case as could not reasonably be expected to have, either
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on VLI.   (o)
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on VLI, (i) VLI and its Subsidiaries own, or are
licensed to use, all Intellectual Property used in and necessary for
the conduct of their business as it is currently conducted, (ii) to the
Knowledge of VLI, the use of Intellectual Property by VLI and its
Subsidiaries does not infringe on or otherwise violate the rights of any
third party, and, to the extent such Intellectual Property is licensed, its
use is in accordance in all material respects with the applicable license
pursuant to which VLI acquired the right to use such Intellectual Property,
(iii) to the Knowledge of VLI, no third party is challenging, infringing on
or otherwise violating any right of VLI in the Intellectual Property, (iv)
neither VLI nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice of
any pending claim, order or proceeding with respect to any Intellectual
Property used in and necessary for the conduct of VLI\'s and its
Subsidiaries\' businesses as they are currently conducted, and (v) to the
Knowledge of VLI, no Intellectual Property is being used or enforced by VLI
or its Subsidiaries in a manner that would reasonably be expected to
result in the abandonment, cancellation or unenforceability of any
Intellectual Property used in and necessary for the conduct of VLI\'s and its
Subsidiaries\' businesses as they are currently conducted.   (p) STATE
TAKEOVER LAWS; RIGHTS PLAN. Parent GP, on behalf of VLI GP, has approved this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement as required
under Section 17-211 of the DRULPA and any other applicable state takeover
laws and any applicable provision of the VLI Partnership Agreement or the VLI
GP partnership agreement so that any    -42-    such state takeover
laws and such provisions will not apply to this Agreement or any of the
transactions contemplated hereby.   (q) OPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR. VLI
has received the opinion of Credit Suisse First Boston LLC, dated the date of
this Agreement, to the effect that, as of the date of this Agreement, the
aggregate consideration to be paid by VLI in the KPP Merger and the KSL
Merger is fair to VLI from a financial point of view.   (r) GENERAL PARTNER
APPROVAL. The board of directors of Parent GP on behalf of VLI GP has (i)
determined that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby are
advisable, fair to and in the best interests of the unitholders of VLI, (ii)
approved and adopted this Agreement, and (iii) recommended the approval of
the issuance of the VLI Common Units by the VLI Unitholders contemplated by
this Agreement.   (s) BROKER\'S FEES. Neither VLI nor any of its
Subsidiaries nor any of its respective officers or directors has employed any
broker or finder or incurred any liability for any broker\'s fees,
commissions or finder\'s fees in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, excluding fees to be paid to Credit Suisse
First Boston LLC and Citigroup Global Markets Inc.   (t) TAXES. Except in
each case for any exceptions that are immaterial individually and in the
aggregate: (i) all Tax Returns that were required to be filed by or with
respect to VLI or any of its Subsidiaries have been duly and timely filed,
(ii) all items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit or other items
required to be included in each such Tax Return have been so included, (iii)
all Taxes owed by VLI or any of its Subsidiaries that are or have become due
have been timely paid in full or an adequate reserve for the payment of such
Taxes has been established, (iv) all Tax withholding and deposit requirements
imposed on or with respect to VLI or any of its Subsidiaries have been
satisfied in full in all respects, (v) there are no Encumbrances on any
of the assets of VLI or any of its Subsidiaries that arose in connection with
any failure (or alleged failure) to pay any Tax, (vi) there is no written
claim against VLI or any of its Subsidiaries for any Taxes, and no
assessment, deficiency or adjustment has been asserted, proposed, or
threatened in writing with respect to any Tax Return of or with respect to
VLI or any of its Subsidiaries, (vii) there is not in force any extension of
time with respect to the due date for the filing of any Tax Return of or with
respect to VLI or any of its Subsidiaries or any waiver or agreement for any
extension of time for the assessment or payment of any Tax of or with respect
to VLI or any of its Subsidiaries, (viii) none of VLI or any of its
Subsidiaries will be required to include any amount in income for any taxable
period as a result of a change in accounting method for any taxable period
ending on or before the Closing Date or pursuant to any agreement with any
Tax authority with respect to any such taxable period, (ix) none of VLI or
any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a Tax allocation or sharing agreement,
and no payments are due or will become due by VLI or any of its Subsidiaries
pursuant to any such agreement or arrangement or any Tax indemnification
agreement, (x) none of VLI or any of its Subsidiaries has been a member of an
affiliated group filing a consolidated federal income Tax Return or has any
liability for the Taxes of any Person (other than a VLI Entity or any of
their Subsidiaries) under Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any
similar provision of state, local, or foreign law), as a transferee
or successor, by contract, or otherwise, (xi) VLI is a "publicly
traded partnership" for United States federal income tax purposes and (xii)
at least 90% of the gross    -43-     income of VLI for each taxable
year since its formation has been from sources that VLI\'s counsel has opined
will be treated as "qualifying income" within the meaning of section 7704(d)
of the Code.   (u) LABOR RELATIONS; COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREEMENTS.
Neither VLI nor any Subsidiary of VLI is a party to any collective bargaining
or other labor union contract applicable to persons employed by VLI or any
Subsidiary of VLI, and no collective bargaining agreement or other labor
union contract is being negotiated by VLI or any Subsidiary of VLI. No labor
organization or group of employees of VLI or any of its Subsidiaries has made
a pending demand for recognition or certification, and there are no
representation or certification proceedings or petitions seeking a
representation proceeding presently pending or, to the Knowledge of the VLI
Entities, threatened to be brought or filed, with the National Labor
Relations Board or any other labor relations tribunal or authority. Except as
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on VLI,
(i) there is no labor dispute, strike, slowdown or work stoppage against VLI
or any Subsidiary of VLI pending or, to the Knowledge of VLI, threatened
against VLI or any Subsidiary of VLI and (ii) no unfair labor practice or
labor charge or complaint has occurred with respect to VLI or any Subsidiary
of VLI.   (v) REGULATION AS A UTILITY; INVESTMENT COMPANY. None of the
VLI Entities nor any of its Subsidiaries is (i) an "investment company", as
defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended, or (ii) (1) a "public-utility company" or a "holding
company" or (2) a "subsidiary company" or an "affiliate" of a "public-utility
company" or a "holding company," as such terms are defined in the Public
Utility Holding Company Act of 1935, as amended. Except as set forth in
Section 4.2(v) of the VLI Disclosure Schedule, none of the VLI Entities or
their affiliates, all or part of whose rates or services are regulated by a
Governmental Entity, is a party to any proceeding before a Governmental
Entity that could reasonably be expected to result in orders having a
Material Adverse Effect with respect to the VLI Entities, nor to the
Knowledge of the VLI Entities has notice of such a proceeding been given or
has any Governmental Entity indicated to any of the VLI Entities its
intention to hold such a proceeding.    ARTICLE V   COVENANTS RELATING TO
CONDUCT OF BUSINESS   5.1 COVENANTS OF KANEB ENTITIES. During the period
from the date of this Agreement and continuing until the KPP Effective Time,
KPP agrees as to itself and its Subsidiaries that without the written consent
of VLI, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed (except
as expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement or a correspondingly
numbered subsection of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule):   (a) ORDINARY
COURSE.   (i) KPP and its Subsidiaries shall carry on their
respective businesses in the ordinary course consistent with past practices
in all material respects, in substantially the same manner as heretofore
conducted, and shall use their reasonable best efforts consistent with   
-44-    the other provisions of this Agreement to keep available the
services of their respective present officers and key employees, preserve
intact their present lines of business, maintain their rights and franchises
and preserve their relationships with customers, suppliers and others having
business dealings with them to the end that their ongoing businesses shall
not be impaired in any material respect at the KPP Effective Time.   (ii)
KPP shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, (A) enter
into any new material line of business or (B) incur or commit to any capital
expenditures or any obligations or liabilities in connection therewith, other
than capital expenditures and obligations or liabilities in connection
therewith (I) not exceeding $1 million individually, or $3 million in the
aggregate, or (II) contemplated by the 2004 or 2005 capital budget
approved by the board of directors of KPP GP and set forth on Section
5.1(a)(ii) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule.   (b) DISTRIBUTIONS; CHANGES
IN SHARE CAPITAL. Except as required under the KPP Partnership Agreement, KPP
shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, and shall not
propose to, (i) declare or pay any distributions in respect of any of its
equity securities or partnership units, except (y) subject to Section 6.11,
the declaration and payment of regular quarterly cash distributions not in
excess of $0.855 per KPP Unit with usual record and payment dates for such
distributions in accordance with past distribution practice, and (z) the
declaration and payment of regular distributions from a wholly
owned Subsidiary of any of the Kaneb Entities to its parent Kaneb Entity or
to another wholly owned Subsidiary of such parent Kaneb Entity in accordance
with past distribution practice, (ii) split, combine or reclassify any of its
equity securities or partnership units or issue or authorize or propose the
issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution
for, its equity securities or partnership units, except for any such
transaction by a wholly owned Subsidiary of any Kaneb Entity which remains a
wholly owned Subsidiary of such Kaneb Entity after consummation of such
transaction, or (iii) repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any of its
equity securities or partnership units or any securities convertible into or
exercisable for any equity securities or partnership units.   (c) ISSUANCE
OF SECURITIES. KPP shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries
to, issue, deliver, sell, pledge or dispose of, or authorize or propose the
issuance, delivery, sale, pledge or disposition of, any of its equity
securities or partner units of any class (including, but not limited to, in
the case of KPP, any general partner interests or limited partner
interests), any Voting Debt or any securities convertible into or exercisable
for, or any rights, warrants, calls or options to acquire, any such shares or
Voting Debt, or enter into any commitment, arrangement, undertaking or
agreement with respect to any of the foregoing, other than issuances, sales
or deliveries by a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Kaneb Entities of equity
securities or partnership units to such Subsidiary\'s parent or another
wholly owned Subsidiary of the Kaneb Entities.   (d) GOVERNING DOCUMENTS.
Except to the extent required to comply with its obligations hereunder or
with applicable law, KPP shall not and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries
not to amend or propose to amend its partnership agreement or limited
liability company agreement or similar organizational documents.   
-45-     (e) NO ACQUISITIONS. Except for acquisitions (i) set forth in
Section 5.1(e) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule or (ii) in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice that do not exceed $1
million individually or $3 million in the aggregate, KPP shall not, and shall
not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, acquire or agree to acquire by merger
or consolidation, or by purchasing a substantial equity interest in or
a substantial portion of the assets of, or by any other manner, any business
or any corporation, partnership, association or other business organization
or division thereof or otherwise acquire or agree to acquire any assets
(excluding the acquisition of assets used in the operations of the business
of KPP and its respective Subsidiaries in the ordinary course, which assets
do not constitute a business unit, division or all or substantially all of
the assets of the transferor and which acquisitions are in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice).   (f) NO DISPOSITIONS.
KPP shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, sell, lease
or otherwise dispose of, or agree to sell, lease or otherwise dispose of, in
each case including but not limited to by way of merger, any of its assets
(including equity securities or partnership units of Subsidiaries of any of
the Kaneb Entities), except for, in the case of assets that are not equity
securities or partnership units, dispositions or encumbrances of immaterial
assets in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice.  
(g) INVESTMENTS; INDEBTEDNESS. KPP shall not, and shall not permit any of its
Subsidiaries to, (i) make any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or
investments in, any other Person, other than (x) loans or investments by KPP
or any of its wholly owned Subsidiaries to any of their wholly
owned Subsidiaries or parent wholly owning such entity, (y) in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice which are not, individually
or in the aggregate, material to KPP and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole
(PROVIDED that none of such transactions referred to in this clause (y)
presents a material risk of making it more difficult to obtain any approval
or authorization required in connection with the KPP Merger under Regulatory
Law) or (ii) except for additional borrowing under existing loan agreements,
incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee or assume any such
indebtedness of another Person, issue or sell any debt securities or warrants
or other rights to acquire any debt securities of KPP or any of its
Subsidiaries, guarantee any debt securities of any of another person, enter
into any "keep well" or other agreement to maintain any financial statement
condition of another Person (other than any wholly owned Subsidiary) or enter
into any arrangement having the economic effect of any of the foregoing.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, KPP and its
Subsidiaries shall be entitled to transfer funds and make payments to KSL and
its Subsidiaries (i) to reimburse KSL and its Subsidiaries for obligations
(which otherwise were incurred in compliance with the KSL Merger Agreement)
of KPP or its Subsidiaries incurred by KSL or its Subsidiaries or (ii) in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice.   (h)
COMPENSATION. Except (i) as disclosed on Section 5.1(h) of the Kaneb
Disclosure Schedule or except as required by law or by the terms of
any collective bargaining agreement or other agreement in effect as of the
date hereof between the Kaneb Entities or any of their respective
Subsidiaries and any director, officer or employee thereof identified on
Section 5.1(h) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule, or (ii) as otherwise agreed
by VLI and KPP, KPP shall not and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to
(A) increase the amount of compensation of, or pay any severance to, any
director, officer or employee of KPP or any of its Subsidiaries (except for
increases in base salary or wages to employees who are not directors or
officers of the    -46-    foregoing entities in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice), (B) make any increase in or
commitment to increase any employee benefits, (C) grant any additional
equity-based awards, (D) adopt, enter into or amend, make any commitment to
adopt, enter into or amend, or take any action to clarify any provision of,
any Kaneb Benefit Plan, (E) fund or make any contribution to any Kaneb
Benefit Plan or any related trust or other funding vehicles, other than
regularly scheduled contributions to trusts funding qualified plans, or (F)
adopt, enter into or amend any collective bargaining agreement or other
arrangement relating to union or organized employees.   (i) ACCOUNTING
METHODS; TAX ELECTIONS. Except as disclosed in Kaneb SEC Documents filed
prior to the date of this Agreement, or as required by a Governmental Entity,
KPP shall not change in any material respect its methods of accounting in
effect at December 31, 2003, except as required by changes in GAAP as
concurred in by the Kaneb Entities\'s independent public accountants.
KPP shall not (i) change its fiscal year or any method of tax accounting,
(ii) make any material Tax election or (iii) settle or compromise any
material liability for Taxes, except as required by law.   (j) MATERIAL
CONTRACTS. Other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice or as disclosed on Section 5.1(j) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule,
KPP and its Subsidiaries shall not enter into any contract or agreement that
would be a Kaneb Contract if in existence as of the date of this Agreement or
terminate or amend in any material respect any Kaneb Contract or waive any
material rights under any Kaneb Contract.   (k) SETTLEMENT OF DISPUTES. KPP
and its respective Subsidiaries shall not settle any claim, demand, lawsuit
or state or federal regulatory proceeding (i) for damages to the extent such
settlement in the aggregate assesses damages in excess of $500,000 or (ii)
seeking an injunction or any other equitable relief, except in case of clause
(i), a settlement of any such claim, demand, lawsuit or state or federal
regulatory proceeding within the specific amount reserved and identified on
Schedule 5.1(k) of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule, provided that such
settlement achieves a full, final and non-appealable resolution of the matter
reserved.   (l) INSURANCE. KPP shall use commercially reasonable efforts
to maintain with financially responsible insurance companies insurance in
such amounts and against such risks and losses as are now carried by KPP and
its Subsidiaries.   (m) GOVERNMENTAL FILINGS. The Kaneb Entities shall file
on a timely basis all material notices, reports, returns and other filings
required to be filed with or reported to any Governmental Entity, as well as
all applications and other documents necessary to maintain, renew or extend
any material permit, license, variance or any other approval required by any
Governmental Entity for the continuing operation of its business.   (n)
CERTAIN ACTIONS. The Kaneb Entities and their respective Subsidiaries shall
not take any action or omit to take any action which action or omission would
reasonably be expected to prevent or materially delay or impede the
consummation of the KPP Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.    -47-     (o) NO RELATED ACTIONS. KPP shall not, and shall
not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, agree or commit to do any of the
foregoing.   5.2 COVENANTS OF VLI. During the period from the date of
this Agreement and continuing until the Effective Times, each of the VLI
Entities agrees as to itself and its Subsidiaries that without the written
consent of KPP GP, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed (except as expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement or a
correspondingly numbered subsection of the VLI Disclosure Schedule).   (a)
NEW BUSINESS; CAPITAL EXPENDITURES. VLI shall not, and shall not permit any
of its Subsidiaries to, (A) enter into any new material line of business or
(B) incur or commit to any capital expenditures or any obligations or
liabilities in connection therewith, other than capital expenditures
and obligations or liabilities in connection therewith (I) not exceeding $40
million individually, or $40 million in the aggregate, or (II) contemplated
by the 2004 or 2005 capital budget approved by VLI GP and set forth on
Section 5.2(a)(II) of the VLI Disclosure Schedule.   (b) ORDINARY COURSE.
Except as required under the VLI Partnership Agreement as in effect as of the
date hereof, VLI and its Subsidiaries shall carry on their respective
businesses in the ordinary course consistent with past practices in all
material respects, in substantially the same manner as heretofore conducted,
and shall use their reasonable best efforts to preserve intact their present
lines of business, maintain their rights and franchises and preserve their
relationships with customers, suppliers and others having business dealings
with them to the end that their ongoing businesses shall not be impaired in
any material respect at the KPP Effective Time.   (c) DISTRIBUTIONS; CHANGES
IN SHARE CAPITAL. Except as required by the VLI Partnership Agreement, VLI
shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, and shall not
propose to, (i) declare or pay any distributions on or make other
distributions in respect of any of its partnership units or other equity
securities, except (x) the declaration and payment of regular quarterly cash
distributions not in excess of $0.80 per VLI Common Unit with usual record
and payment dates for such distributions in accordance with past distribution
practice and (y) the declaration and payment of regular distributions from a
wholly-owned Subsidiary of VLI to VLI or to another wholly-owned Subsidiary
of VLI in accordance with past distribution practice, (ii) split, combine or
reclassify any of its partnership units or issue or authorize or propose the
issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution
for, shares of its partnership units, except for any such transaction by a
wholly owned Subsidiary of VLI which remains a wholly owned Subsidiary after
consummation of such transaction or (iii) repurchase, redeem or otherwise
acquire any of its equity securities or partnership units or any securities
convertible into or exercisable for any equity securities as partnership
units.   (d) ISSUANCE OF SECURITIES. The VLI Entities shall not, and shall
not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, issue, deliver, sell,
pledge or dispose of, or authorize or propose the issuance, delivery, sale,
pledge or disposition of, any of its equity securities or partner units of
any class (including, but not limited to, in the case of VLI and VLI GP, or
any general partner interests or limited partner interests), any Voting Debt
or any securities convertible into or exercisable for, or any rights,
warrants, calls or options to acquire, any such    -48-    shares or
Voting Debt, or enter into any commitment, arrangement, undertaking
or agreement with respect to any of the foregoing, other than (i) the
issuance of VLI stock options or VLI Common Units upon the exercise of VLI
stock options each issued under the VLI Stock Plan, or (ii) issuances, sales
or deliveries by a wholly owned Subsidiary of any of the VLI Entities of
equity securities or partnership units to such Subsidiary\'s parent or
another wholly owned Subsidiary of any of the VLI Entities.   (e) GOVERNING
DOCUMENTS. Except to the extent required to comply with its obligations
hereunder or applicable law, the VLI Entities shall not amend or propose to
amend the VLI Partnership Agreement or any of the organizational documents of
the other VLI Entities in a manner that would be adverse to the interests of
the holders of KPP Units in any manner.   (f) NO ACQUISITIONS. Except for
acquisitions (i) set forth in Section 5.2(f) of the VLI Disclosure Schedule
or (ii) in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice that
do not exceed $35 million individually or $35 million in the aggregate,
without the prior written consent of KPP, which will not be unreasonably
withheld, the VLI Entities shall not, and shall not permit any of their
Subsidiaries to, acquire or agree to acquire by merger or consolidation, or
by purchasing a substantial equity interest in or a substantial portion of
the assets of, or by any other manner, any business or any corporation,
partnership, association or other business organization or division thereof
or otherwise acquire or agree to acquire any assets (excluding the
acquisition of assets used in the operation of the business of the
VLI Entities and their respective Subsidiaries in the ordinary course, which
assets do not constitute a business unit, division or all or substantially
all of the assets of the transferor and which acquisitions are in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice).   (g) NO
DISPOSITION. VLI shall not, and shall not permit any of their Subsidiaries
to, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of, or agree to sell, lease or otherwise
dispose of, in each case including but not limited to by way of merger, any
of its assets (including equity securities or partnership units
of Subsidiaries of any of the VLI Entities), except for, in the case of
assets that are not equity securities or partnership units, dispositions or
Encumbrances of immaterial assets in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice.   (h) INVESTMENTS; INDEBTEDNESS. The VLI
Entities shall not, and shall not permit any of their Subsidiaries to, (i)
make any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments in, any
other Person, other than (x) loans or investments by any of the VLI Entities
or any of their wholly owned Subsidiaries to any of their wholly owned
Subsidiaries or parent wholly owning such entity, (y) in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practice which are not individually or in
the aggregate, material to the VLI Entities and their respective Subsidiaries
taken as a whole (PROVIDED that none of such transactions referred to in this
clause (y) presents a material risk of making it more difficult to obtain any
approval or authorization required in connection with the KPP Merger under
Regulatory Law) or (ii) except for additional borrowing under existing loan
agreements or otherwise in connection with financing the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or
guarantee or assume any such indebtedness of another Person, issue or sell
any debt securities or warrants or other rights to acquire any debt
securities of any of the VLI Entities or any of their respective
Subsidiaries, guarantee any debt securities of another person, enter into any
"keep well" or other agreement to maintain any financial statement condition
of another Person (other    -49-    than any wholly owned Subsidiary)
or enter into any arrangement having the economic effect of any of the
foregoing.   (i) COMPENSATION. Except (i) as disclosed on Section 5.2(i) of
the VLI Disclosure Schedule or except as required by law or by the terms of
any collective bargaining agreement or other agreement in effect as of the
date hereof between the VLI Entities or any of their respective subsidiaries
and any director, officer or employee thereof identified on Section 5.2(i) of
the VLI Disclosure Schedule, (ii) in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice, or (iii) as otherwise agreed by VLI and KPP,
the VLI Entities shall not and shall not permit any of their respective
Subsidiaries to (A) increase the amount of compensation of, or pay any
severance to, any director, officer or key employee of the VLI Entities or
any of their respective Subsidiaries (except for increases in base salary or
wages to employees who are not directors, officers or key employees of the
foregoing entities in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice), (B) make any increase in or commitment to increase any employee
benefits, (C) adopt, enter into or amend, make any commitment to adopt, enter
into or amend, or taken ay action to clarify any provision of, any VLI
Benefit Plan, (D) fund or make any contribution to any VLI Benefit Plan or
any related trust or other funding vehicles, other than regularly scheduled
contributions to trusts funding qualified plans, or (E) adopt, enter into or
amend any collective bargaining agreement or other arrangement relating to
union or organized employees.   (j) ACCOUNTING METHODS; TAX ELECTIONS.
Except as disclosed in VLI SEC Documents filed prior to the date of this
Agreement, or as required by a Governmental Entity, each of the VLI Entities
shall not change in any material respect its methods of accounting in effect
at December 31, 2003, except as required by changes in GAAP as concurred in
by the VLI Entities\' independent public accountants. Each of the VLI
Entities shall not (i) change its fiscal year or any method of tax
accounting, (ii) make any material Tax election or (iii) settle or compromise
any material liability for Taxes, except as required by law.   (k) MATERIAL
CONTRACTS. Other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice or as disclosed on Section 5.2(d) of the VLI Disclosure Schedule,
none of the VLI Entities or their Subsidiaries shall enter into any contract
or agreement that would be a VLI Contract if in existence as of the date of
this Agreement or terminate or amend in any material and adverse respect any
VLI Contract, waive any material rights under any VLI Contract.   (l)
SETTLEMENT OF DISPUTES. The VLI Entities and their Subsidiaries shall not
settle any claim, demand, lawsuit or state or federal regulatory proceeding
(i) for damages to the extent such settlement in the aggregate assesses
damages in excess of $500,000, or (ii) seeking an injunction or any other
equitable relief.   (m) INSURANCE. VLI shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to maintain with financially responsible insurance companies
insurance in such amounts and against such risks and losses as are now
carried by the VLI Entities or their Subsidiaries.   (n) GOVERNMENTAL
FILINGS. The VLI Entities and their Subsidiaries shall file on a timely basis
all material notices, reports, returns and other filings required to be filed
with or    -50-    reported to any Governmental Entity, as well as all
applications and other documents necessary to maintain, renew or extend any
material permit, license, variance or any other approval required by any
Governmental Entity for the continuing operation of its business.   (o)
CERTAIN ACTIONS. The VLI Entities and their Subsidiaries shall not take any
action or omit to take any action which action or omission would reasonably
be expected to prevent or materially delay or impede the consummation of the
KSL Merger and the KPP Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or the KSL Merger Agreement.   (p) NO RELATED ACTIONS. Each of the
VLI Entities shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to,
agree or commit to do any of the foregoing.   5.3 GOVERNMENTAL FILINGS. To
the extent permitted by law or regulation or any applicable confidentiality
agreement, each of the Kaneb Entities and VLI shall confer on a reasonable
basis with each other on operational matters. The Kaneb Entities and VLI
shall file all reports required to be filed by each of them with the SEC (and
all other Governmental Entities) between the date of this Agreement and the
KPP Effective Time and shall, if requested by the other and (to the extent
permitted by law or regulation or any applicable confidentiality agreement)
deliver to the other party copies of all such reports, announcements and
publications promptly upon request.   5.4 CONTROL OF OTHER PARTY\'S
BUSINESS. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall give the Kaneb Entities,
directly or indirectly, the right to control or direct VLI\'s operations or
give VLI, directly or indirectly, the right to control or direct the Kaneb
Entities\' operations prior to the KPP Effective Time. Prior to the KPP
Effective Time, each of the Kaneb Entities and VLI shall exercise, consistent
with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, complete control and
supervision over its respective operations.   ARTICLE VI   ADDITIONAL
AGREEMENTS   6.1 PREPARATION OF PROXY STATEMENT; SHAREHOLDERS AND
UNITHOLDERS MEETINGS.   (a) As promptly as reasonably practicable following
the date of this Agreement, VLI and the Kaneb Entities shall cooperate in
preparing and each shall cause to be filed with the SEC mutually acceptable
proxy materials which shall constitute the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus
and VLI shall prepare and file with the SEC the Form S-4. The Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus will be included as a prospectus in and will constitute
a part of the Form S-4 as VLI\'s prospectus. Each of VLI and the Kaneb
Entities shall use reasonable best efforts to have the Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus cleared by the SEC and the Form S-4 declared effective
by the SEC, and to keep the Form S-4 effective as long as is necessary to
consummate the KPP Merger and the related transactions contemplated hereby.
VLI and the Kaneb Entities shall, as promptly as practicable after receipt
thereof, provide each other with copies of any written comments, and advise
each other of any oral comments, with respect to the Joint
Proxy Statement/Prospectus or Form S-4 received from the SEC. The parties
shall cooperate and provide the other party with a reasonable opportunity to
review and comment on    -51-    any amendment or supplement to the
Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus and the Form S-4 prior to filing such with
the SEC and will provide each other with a copy of all such filings made with
the SEC. Notwithstanding any other provision herein to the contrary, no
amendment or supplement (including by incorporation by reference) to the
Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus or the Form S-4 shall be made without the
approval of both VLI and the Kaneb Entities, which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed; PROVIDED that, with respect to documents
filed by a party which are incorporated by reference in the Form S-4 or the
Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus, this right of approval shall apply
only with respect to information relating to the other party or its
business, financial condition or results of operations. VLI will use
reasonable best efforts to cause the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus to be
mailed to VLI Unitholders, and the Kaneb Entities will use reasonable best
efforts to cause the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus to be mailed to KPP
Unitholders, in each case as promptly as practicable after the Form S-4 is
declared effective under the Securities Act. Each party will advise the other
party, promptly after it receives notice thereof, of the time when the Form
S-4 has become effective, the issuance of any stop order, the suspension of
the qualification of the VLI Common Units issuable in connection with the KPP
Merger for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or any request by the SEC
for amendment of the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus or the Form S-4. If, at
any time prior to the Effective Times, any information relating to VLI or the
Kaneb Entities, or any of their respective affiliates, officers or directors,
is discovered by VLI or the Kaneb Entities and such information should be set
forth in an amendment or supplement to either of the Form S-4 or the Joint
Proxy Statement/Prospectus so that any of such documents would not include
any misstatement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading, the party discovering such information
shall promptly notify the other party hereto and, to the extent required by
law, rules or regulations, an appropriate amendment or supplement describing
such information shall be promptly filed with the SEC and disseminated to the
KPP Unitholders and the VLI Unitholders.   KPP shall use its reasonable best
efforts to ensure that none of the information to be supplied by the Kaneb
Entities or their respective Subsidiaries in the Form S-4 or the Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus shall, at the time of the mailing of the Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, and at the
time of each of the KPP Unitholders Meeting and the VLI Unitholders Meeting,
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they are
made, not misleading. KPP shall use its reasonable best efforts to ensure
that the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus will comply, as of its mailing
date, as to form in all material respects with all applicable laws, including
the provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, except that no covenant is made by the Kaneb Entities with
respect to information supplied by VLI for inclusion therein.   VLI shall
use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that none of the information to be
supplied by the VLI Entities or their Subsidiaries in the Form S-4 or the
Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus will, at the time of the mailing of the
Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto,
and at the time of each of the KPP Unitholders Meeting and the VLI
Unitholders Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements    -52-    therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. VLI shall use its
reasonable best efforts to ensure that the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus
will comply, as of its mailing date, as to form in all material respects with
all applicable laws, including the provisions of the Exchange Act and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, except that no covenant is made
by the VLI Entities with respect to information supplied by Kaneb Entities
for inclusion therein.   (b) KPP GP shall duly take all lawful action to
call, give notice of, convene and hold the KPP Unitholders Meeting as soon as
practicable on a date determined in accordance with the mutual agreement of
VLI and the Kaneb Entities for the purpose of obtaining the KPP Unitholders
Approval and, subject to Section 6.5, shall take all lawful action to solicit
the KPP Unitholders Approval. The Board of Directors of KPP GP (i) shall
recommend the approval and adoption of the plan of merger contained in this
Agreement by the KPP Unitholders to the effect as set forth in Section 4.1(r)
(the "KANEB RECOMMENDATION"), and (ii) shall not, unless VLI first makes a
Change in the VLI Recommendation, (x) withdraw, modify or qualify (or propose
to withdraw, modify or qualify) in any manner adverse to VLI the Kaneb
Recommendation or (y) take any action or make any statement in connection
with the KPP Unitholders Meeting inconsistent with such recommendation
(collectively, a "CHANGE IN THE KANEB RECOMMENDATION"); PROVIDED, HOWEVER,
that the Board of Directors of KPP and KPP GP may make a Change in the Kaneb
Recommendation pursuant to Section 6.5 hereof.   (c) VLI shall duly take all
lawful action to call, give notice of, convene and hold the VLI Unitholders
Meeting as soon as practicable on a date determined in accordance with the
mutual agreement of VLI and the Kaneb Entities for the purpose of obtaining
the VLI Unitholders Approval and shall take all lawful action to solicit the
VLI Unitholders Approval. The Board of Directors of Parent GP on behalf of
VLI GP shall recommend the approval of the issuance of VLI Common Units in
the KPP Merger by the VLI Unitholders to the effect set forth in Section
4.2(r)(the "VLI RECOMMENDATION"), and shall not, unless the board of
directors of KPP GP (pursuant to this Agreement) or the board of directors of
KSL (pursuant to the KSL Merger Agreement) first makes a Change in the Kaneb
Recommendation (as defined in this Agreement or in the KSL Merger Agreement),
(x) withdraw, modify or qualify (or propose to withdraw, modify or qualify)
in any manner adverse to Kaneb Entities the VLI Recommendation or (y) take
any action or make any statement in connection with the VLI
Unitholders Meeting inconsistent with such recommendation (collectively, a
"CHANGE IN THE VLI RECOMMENDATION").   6.2 GOVERNANCE MATTERS. At the KPP
Effective Time, (i) VLI GP shall take all requisite action to give effect to
the succeeding clause, and (ii) Diamond Shamrock Refining and Marketing
Company, a Subsidiary of Valero Energy Corporation and the sole member of
Parent GP, the general partner of VLI GP, shall (a) expand the Board of
Directors of Parent GP by up to three members and (b) cause three of the
current members of the KPP GP Board of Directors, as shall be mutually
determined by the Kaneb Entities and VLI, to be appointed to the Board of
Directors of Parent GP (collectively, the "KANEB BOARD DESIGNEES").   6.3
ACCESS TO INFORMATION. Upon reasonable notice, each party shall (and shall
cause its Subsidiaries to), except as prohibited by law, afford to the
officers, employees, accountants, counsel, financial advisors and
other representatives of the other party reasonable access during normal
business hours, during the period prior to the Effective Times, to all
its    -53-    properties, books, contracts, commitments, records,
officers and employees, and, during such period, such party shall (and shall
cause its Subsidiaries to) furnish promptly to the other party (a) a copy of
each report, schedule, registration statement and other document filed,
published, announced or received by it in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement during such period pursuant to the
requirements of Federal, state or foreign laws (including, without
limitation, pursuant to the HSR Act, the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and
the rules of any Governmental Entity thereunder), as applicable (other than
documents which such party is not permitted to disclose under applicable
law), and (b) all other information concerning it and its business,
properties and personnel as such other party may reasonably request;
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that either party may restrict the foregoing access to the
extent that (i) any law, treaty, rule or regulation of any Governmental
Entity applicable to such party or any contract requires such party or its
Subsidiaries to restrict or prohibit access to any such properties or
information or (ii) such disclosure of the information would
breach confidentiality obligations owed to a third party (provided, further,
that if the circumstances of the preceding proviso occur, the parties will
use reasonable best efforts to agree upon alternate disclosure methods to
convey, to the maximum extent possible, the substance of such information to
the requesting party). The parties will hold any information obtained
pursuant to this Section 6.3 in confidence in accordance with, and shall
otherwise be subject to, the provisions of the amended and restated
confidentiality agreement dated August 8, 2004, between KPP, KSL and VLI (the
"CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT"), which Confidentiality Agreement shall continue
in full force and effect. Any investigation by either VLI or Kaneb Entities
shall not affect the representations and warranties of the other.   6.4
REASONABLE BEST EFFORTS.   (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, each party hereto will use its reasonable best efforts to take, or
cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, all things
necessary, proper or advisable under this Agreement and applicable laws and
regulations to consummate the KPP Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement as soon as practicable after the date of this
Agreement, including (i) preparing and filing as reasonably as practicable
all documentation to effect all necessary applications, notices, petitions,
filings, and other documents and to obtain as reasonably as practicable all
Necessary Consents and all other consents, waivers, licenses, orders,
registrations, approvals, permits, rulings, authorizations and clearances
necessary or advisable to be obtained from any third party and/or any
Governmental Entity in order to consummate the KPP Merger or any of the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement (collectively, the "REQUIRED
APPROVALS") and (ii) using its reasonable best efforts to obtain all such
Necessary Consents and the Required Approvals. In furtherance of and not in
limitation of the foregoing, each of VLI and the Kaneb Entities agrees (i) to
make (A) as reasonably as practicable, an appropriate filing of
a Notification and Report Form pursuant to the HSR Act with respect to
the transactions contemplated hereby, (B) as reasonably as practicable,
appropriate filings with the Canadian Competition Commission, if required, in
accordance with applicable competition, merger control, antitrust, investment
or similar laws, and (C) as promptly as reasonably practicable, all other
necessary filings with other Governmental Entities relating to the KPP
Merger, and, to supply as promptly as reasonably practicable any additional
information or documentation that may be requested pursuant to such laws or
by such authorities and to use reasonable best efforts to cause the
expiration or termination of the applicable waiting periods under the HSR Act
and    -54-    the receipt of Required Approvals under such other laws
or from such authorities as soon as practicable and (ii) not to extend any
waiting period under the HSR Act or enter into any agreement with the FTC or
the DOJ not to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
except with the prior written consent of the other parties hereto (which
shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed).   (b) Each of the Kaneb
Entities and the VLI Entities shall, in connection with the efforts
referenced in Section 6.4(a) to obtain all Required Approvals, use its
reasonable best efforts to (i) cooperate in all respects with each other in
connection with any filing or submission and in connection with any
investigation or other inquiry, including any proceeding initiated by
a private party, (ii) subject to applicable law, permit the other party to
review in advance any proposed written communication between it and any
Governmental Entity, (iii) promptly inform each other of (and, at the other
party\'s reasonable request, supply to such other party) any communication
(or other correspondence or memoranda) received by such party from, or given
by such party to, the DOJ, the FTC or any other Governmental Entity and of
any material communication received or given in connection with any
proceeding by a private party, in each case regarding any of the transactions
contemplated hereby, (iv) consult with each other in advance to the extent
practicable of any meeting or conference with the DOJ, the FTC or any other
Governmental Entity or, in connection with any proceeding by a private party,
with any other Person, and to the extent permitted by the DOJ, the FTC or
such other applicable Governmental Entity or other Person, give the other
party the opportunity to attend and participate in such meetings and
conferences and (v) subject to any action taken by the parties pursuant to
Section 6.4(c), respond promptly and fully to any "second request" or other
request for information in connection with filings required by the HSR Act or
any similar or corresponding foreign or state statute, law, rule or
regulation.   (c) In furtherance and not in limitation of the covenants of
the parties contained in Section 6.4(a) and 6.4(b), if any administrative
or judicial action or proceeding, including any proceeding by a private
party, is instituted (or threatened to be instituted) challenging any
transaction contemplated by this Agreement as violative of any regulatory
law, or if any statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, injunction
or administrative order is enacted, entered, promulgated or enforced by a
Governmental Entity which would make the KPP Merger or the other transactions
contemplated hereby illegal or would otherwise prohibit or materially impair
or delay the consummation of the KPP Merger or the other transactions
contemplated hereby, the Kaneb Entities and the VLI Entities shall cooperate
with the Other Party in all respects in responding thereto, and each party
shall use its respective reasonable best efforts in responding thereto,
including (i) contesting and resisting any such action or proceeding, and to
have vacated, lifted, reversed or overturned any decree, judgment, injunction
or other order, whether temporary, preliminary or permanent, that is in
effect and that prohibits, prevents or restricts consummation of the Merger
or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and to have such
statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, injunction or
administrative order repealed, rescinded or made inapplicable so as to permit
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (ii)
holding separate or otherwise disposing of or conducting their business in a
specified manner, or agreeing to sell, hold separate or otherwise dispose of
or conduct their business in a specified manner or permitting the sale,
holding separate or other disposition of, assets of VLI, KPP or their
respective Subsidiaries or the conducting of their business in a specified
manner, provided that the action described in this    -55-    clause
(ii) would not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
the VLI Entities taken as a whole, the Kaneb Entities and KSL taken as
a whole, or the combined VLI Entities and Kaneb Entities after the
consummation of the KPP Merger. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other
provision of this Agreement, nothing in this Section 6.4 shall limit a
party\'s right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.1(b) or
8.1(c) so long as such party has up to then complied with its obligations
under this Section 6.4.   (d) Each of the VLI Entities and the Kaneb
Entities and their respective boards of directors and general partners shall,
if any state takeover statute or similar statute becomes applicable to this
Agreement, the KPP Merger or any other transactions contemplated hereby, take
all action reasonably necessary to ensure that the KPP Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement may be consummated as promptly as
practicable on the terms contemplated hereby and otherwise to minimize the
effect of such statute or regulation on this Agreement, the KPP Merger and
the other transactions contemplated hereby.   6.5 ACQUISITION
PROPOSALS.   (a) Each of KPP and KPP GP agrees that neither it nor any of
its Subsidiaries nor any of its officers and directors nor those of its
Subsidiaries shall, and that it shall cause its and its Subsidiaries\'
employees and agents and shall use reasonable best efforts to cause its and
its Subsidiaries representatives (including any investment banker, attorney
or accountant retained by it or any of its Subsidiaries) not to, directly or
indirectly, (i) initiate, solicit or encourage or knowingly take any action
that facilitates any inquiries, or the making of any proposal or offer, with
respect to, or a transaction to effect, a merger, reorganization, share
exchange, consolidation, business combination, recapitalization, liquidation,
dissolution or similar transaction involving KPP GP, KPP or any of their
respective Subsidiaries, or any purchase, sale or other transfer of 10% or
more of the consolidated assets of KPP GP, KPP (including stock of any of
their Subsidiaries) or their Subsidiaries, or any purchase or sale of, or
tender or exchange offer for, or other transfer of, their equity securities
that, if consummated, would result in any Person (or the shareholders of such
Person) beneficially owning securities representing 10% or more of the total
voting power of KPP or KPP GP, or any portion of the general partner interest
in KPP GP, KPP or any of their respective Subsidiaries, (or 10% or more of
the surviving parent entity in such transaction) or the voting power of any
of its Subsidiaries (any such proposal, offer or transaction, other than (a)
a proposal or offer made by VLI or an Affiliate thereof or (b) a proposal,
offer or transaction solely involving equity securities, or all or
substantially all of the assets, of KSL to the extent KSL complies with its
obligations relating thereto under the KSL Merger Agreement, being
hereinafter referred to as an "ACQUISITION PROPOSAL"), (ii) except as the
board of directors of KPP GP determines in good faith, after consultation
with outside counsel and taking into account any change in the terms of the
KPP Merger or other proposal made reasonably promptly by VLI after being
notified pursuant to Section 6.5(b), that doing so is necessary for
such directors to comply with their fiduciary duties under applicable law
(and in such case only after entering into a confidentiality agreement with
such Person on terms no less favorable to KPP than the Confidentiality
Agreement and conditioned upon contemporaneously providing to VLI a copy of
any such information or data being provided to any such Person pursuant to
this Section 6.5 to the extent not previously provided or made available to
VLI), have any discussion with or provide any confidential information or
data to any Person relating to an Acquisition Proposal, or engage in any
negotiations concerning an Acquisition Proposal, (iii)   
-56-    approve or recommend, or propose publicly to approve or recommend,
any Acquisition Proposal or (iv) approve or recommend, or propose to approve
or recommend, or execute or enter into, any letter of intent, agreement
in principle, merger agreement, acquisition agreement, option agreement or
other similar agreement or propose publicly or agree to do any of the
foregoing related to any Acquisition Proposal.   (b) Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, KPP (and the Board of Directors
of KPP GP) shall be permitted to (A) take and publicly disclose a position to
the extent necessary to comply with Rule 14d-9 or Rule 14e-2 promulgated
under the Exchange Act with regard to an Acquisition Proposal (to the extent
applicable), (B) effect a Change in the Kaneb Recommendation, or (C) engage
in discussions or negotiations with, or provide any information (whether
confidential, non-public or otherwise) to, any Person in response to an
unsolicited bona fide written Acquisition Proposal by any such Person, if and
only to the extent that, in any such case referred to in clause (B) or (C),
(I) the KPP Unitholders Meeting shall not have occurred other than as a
result of a breach by Kaneb Entities of their obligations pursuant to Section
6.1, (II) (x) in the case of clause (B) above, it has received an unsolicited
bona fide written Acquisition Proposal from a third party not in violation of
Section 6.5(a) and the Board of Directors KPP GP concludes in good faith that
such Acquisition Proposal constitutes a Superior Proposal, (III) in the case
of clause (B) or (C) above, the Board of Directors of KPP GP, after receipt
of the advice of outside counsel, determines in good faith that doing so is
necessary for such directors to comply with their fiduciary duties
under applicable law, (IV) prior to providing any information or data
permitted to be provided pursuant to this sentence, KPP shall have entered
into a confidentiality agreement with such Person on terms no less favorable
to the KPP than the Confidentiality Agreement, and shall have provided to VLI
a copy of any such information or data that it is providing to any such
Person pursuant to this Section 6.5 to the extent not previously provided or
made available to VLI, and (V) prior to providing any information or data to
any Person or entering into discussions or negotiations with any Person, KPP
or KPP GP shall notify VLI promptly of such inquiries, proposals or offers
received by, any such information requested from, or any such discussions or
negotiations sought to be initiated or continued with, any of its
representatives indicating, in connection with such notice, the name of such
Person and the material terms and conditions of any inquiries, proposals or
offers, along with a copy of the relevant proposed transaction agreements, if
such exist, with the party making such Acquisition Proposal. Each of the
Kaneb Entities agrees that it will promptly keep VLI reasonably informed of
the status and terms of any inquiries, proposals or offers and the status and
terms of any discussions or negotiations, including the identity of the party
making such inquiry, proposal or offer. Each of the Kaneb Entities agrees
that it will, and will cause its officers, directors and use its reasonable
best efforts to cause its representatives to, immediately cease and cause to
be terminated any activities, discussions or negotiations existing as of the
date of this Agreement with any parties (other than the parties to this
Agreement) conducted heretofore with respect to any Acquisition Proposal.
Each of the Kaneb Entities agrees that it will use reasonable best efforts to
promptly inform its directors, officers, key employees, agents and
representatives of the obligations undertaken in this Section 6.5.   6.6
FEES AND EXPENSES. Subject to Section 8.2, whether or not the KPP Merger is
consummated, all Expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such
Expenses, except Expenses incurred in connection with any filings under
the HSR Act, and the filing, printing and    -57-    mailing of the
Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus and Form S-4, which shall be shared equally
by VLI, on the one hand, and the Kaneb Entities, on the other hand.   6.7
DIRECTORS\' AND OFFICERS\' INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE.   (a) The
indemnification provisions of the KPP GP LLC Agreement and the KPP
Partnership Agreement as each is in effect as of the date hereof shall not be
amended, repealed or otherwise modified for a period of at least six
years from the Effective Time in any manner that would adversely affect the
rights thereunder of individuals who at the Effective Time would be entitled
to indemnification by KPP GP or KPP under the KPP GP LLC Agreement and the
KPP Partnership Agreement. At the KPP Effective Time, VLI assumes, and is
jointly and severally liable for, and shall honor, guaranty and stand for,
and shall cause the Surviving Partnership to honor in accordance with their
respective terms each of the covenants contained in this Section 6.7
applicable thereto.   (b) Without limiting Section 6.7(a), but without
duplication or any right or benefit thereunder, after the Effective Time,
each of VLI and the Surviving Partnership shall, to the fullest extent
permitted under applicable law, indemnify and hold harmless, each present and
former director, officer or employee of KPP GP or KPP or any of its
Subsidiaries (each, together with such person\'s heirs, executors or
administrators, an "INDEMNIFIED PARTY" and collectively, the "INDEMNIFIED
PARTIES"), in their capacity as such, against any costs or expenses
(including reasonable attorneys\' fees), judgments, fines, losses, claims,
damages, liabilities and amounts paid in settlement in connection with any
actual or threatened claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation,
whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, arising out of,
relating to or in connection with (x) any action or omission occurring or
alleged to occur prior to the Effective Time (including, without
limitation, acts or omissions in connection with such persons serving as an
officer, director, manager, partner, employee or other fiduciary in any
entity if such service was at the request of KPP GP or KPP) and (y) the KPP
Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement or arising
out of or pertaining to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In
the event of any such actual or threatened claim, action, suit, proceeding or
investigation (whether arising before or after the Effective Time), (i) KPP
GP or KPP or VLI and the Surviving Partnership, as the case may be, shall pay
the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel selected by the Indemnified
Parties, which counsel shall be reasonably satisfactory to VLI and the
Surviving Partnership, promptly after statements therefor are received and
shall pay all other reasonable expenses in advance of the final disposition
of such action, subject to the receipt of any undertaking (which need not be
secured) by or on behalf of the Indemnified Party to repay such amount if it
shall be determined that such Person is not entitled to be indemnified
pursuant to the KPP GP LLC Agreement or the KPP Partnership Agreement, as
applicable, (ii) VLI and the Surviving Partnership will use all reasonable
efforts to assist in and cooperate in the defense of any such matter, and
(iii) to the extent any determination is required to be made with respect
to whether an Indemnified Party\'s conduct complies with the standards set
forth under Delaware law and VLI\'s or the Surviving Partnership\'s
respective partnership agreement, such determination shall be made by
independent legal counsel acceptable to VLI or the Surviving Partnership, as
the case may be, and the Indemnified Party; provided, however, that neither
VLI nor the Surviving Partnership shall be liable for any settlement effected
without its prior written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld) and, provided further, that if VLI or the Surviving Partnership
advances or pays any amount to any Person under this paragraph (b)   
-58-    and if it shall thereafter be finally determined by a court of
competent jurisdiction that such Person was not entitled to be indemnified
hereunder for all or any portion of such amount, to the extent required by
law, such person shall repay such amount or such portion thereof, as the case
may be, to VLI or the Surviving Partnership, as the case may be. The
Indemnified Parties as a group may not retain more than one law firm to
represent them with respect to each matter unless there is, under applicable
standards of professional conduct, a conflict requiring separate
representation on any significant issue between the positions of any two or
more Indemnified Parties.   (c) In the event the Surviving Partnership or
VLI or any of their successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges
into any other Person and shall not be the continuing or surviving
corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger, or (ii) transfers all
or substantially all of its properties and assets to any Person, then and in
each such case, proper provisions shall be made so that the successors and
assigns of the Surviving Partnership or VLI shall assume the obligations of
the Surviving Partnership or VLI, as the case may be, set forth in this
Section 6.7.   (d) For a period of six years after the Effective Time, VLI
shall cause to be maintained in effect the current policies of directors\'
and officers\' liability insurance maintained by KPP GP or KPP and its
Subsidiaries (provided that VLI may substitute therefor policies of at least
the same coverage and amounts containing terms and conditions that are no
less advantageous to the Indemnified Parties, and which coverages and amounts
shall be no less than the coverages and amounts provided at that time for
VLI\'s directors and officers) with respect to matters arising on or before
the Effective Time; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that in no event shall VLI (or any
such successor) be required to expend in any one year an amount in excess of
200% of the annual premiums currently paid by KPP GP or KPP and its
Subsidiaries for such insurance; and, PROVIDED, FURTHER, that if the annual
premiums of such insurance coverage exceed such amount, VLI (or any such
successor) shall obtain a policy with the greatest coverage available for a
cost not exceeding such amount.   (e) The rights of each Indemnified Party
hereunder shall be in addition to, and not in limitation of, any other rights
such Indemnified Party may have under the KPP GP LLC Agreement or KPP
Partnership Agreement, any indemnification agreement, under Delaware law or
otherwise, but shall in no event entitle any Indemnified Party to duplicative
payments or reimbursement. The provisions of this Section 6.7 shall survive
the consummation of the Merger and expressly are intended to benefit each of
the Indemnified Parties.   (f) VLI shall pay all reasonable expenses,
including reasonable attorneys fees, that may be incurred by an Indemnified
Party in enforcing the indemnity and other obligations provided in this
Section 6.7 to the extent such Indemnified Party is finally determined to be
successful on the merits.   (g) Nothing contained in this Section 6.7 shall
provide, or shall be interpreted as providing, any individual with rights or
benefits that are duplicative of those that may be provided under any similar
provisions of the KSL Merger Agreement.    -59-     6.8 EMPLOYEE
BENEFITS.   (a) Following the KPP Effective Time until the first anniversary
of the KPP Effective Time, Parent GP shall provide, or shall cause to be
provided, to individuals who are employees of KPP and its Subsidiaries
immediately before the KPP Effective Time and who continue to be employed by
any of the VLI Entities after the KPP Effective Time (the "KANEB EMPLOYEES")
employee benefits (other than any equity-based benefits) that are, in the
aggregate, not less favorable than those generally provided to Kaneb
Employees as of the date of this Agreement, as disclosed by Kaneb Entities to
VLI immediately prior to the date of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything
contained herein to the contrary, Kaneb Employees who are covered under a
collective bargaining agreement shall be provided the benefits that are
required by such collective bargaining agreement from time to time.   (b)
(i) For purposes of eligibility and vesting under the employee benefit plans
of the VLI Entities and their respective Subsidiaries providing benefits to
any Kaneb Employee after the KPP Effective Time (the "NEW PLANS") and (ii)
solely for purposes of levels of vacation and severance benefits under the
severance and vacation benefit plans providing benefits to any Kaneb Employee
after the KPP Effective Time, each Kaneb Employee shall be credited with his
or her years of service with the Kaneb Entities and their
respective Subsidiaries and predecessor employers before the KPP Effective
Time, to the same extent as such Kaneb Employee was entitled, before the KPP
Effective Time, to credit for such service under any similar Kaneb Benefit
Plans, except to the extent such credit would result in a duplication of
benefits. In addition, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing:
(i) each Kaneb Employee shall be immediately eligible to participate, without
any waiting time, in any and all New Plans to the extent coverage under such
New Plan replaces coverage under a Kaneb Benefit Plan in which such Kaneb
Employee participated immediately prior to the KPP Effective Time (such
plans, collectively, the "OLD PLANS"); and (ii) for purposes of each New Plan
providing medical, dental, pharmaceutical and/or vision benefits to any Kaneb
Employee, Parent GP or the other applicable VLI Entity shall cause all pre-
existing condition exclusions and actively-at-work requirements of such New
Plan to be waived for such employee and his or her covered dependents, and
Parent GP or the other applicable VLI Entity shall cause any eligible
expenses incurred by such employee and his or her covered dependents - during
the portion of the plan year of the Old Plan ending on the date such
employee\'s participation in the corresponding New Plan begins - to be taken
into account under such New Plan for purposes of satisfying all deductible,
coinsurance and maximum out-of-pocket requirements applicable to such
employee and his or her covered dependents for the applicable plan year as if
such amounts had been paid in accordance with such New Plan.   (c) Parent GP
or the other applicable VLI Entity will honor, in accordance with their
terms, all vested and accrued benefit obligations to, and contractual rights
of, current and former employees of the Kaneb Entities and their respective
Subsidiaries which are disclosed in Section 4.1(m)(i) of the Kaneb Disclosure
Schedules. Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted as preventing
Parent GP or the other applicable VLI Entity from amending, modifying or
terminating any Kaneb Benefit Plan or other contract, arrangement,
commitment or understanding, in accordance with their terms and applicable
law. This Agreement is not intended, and it shall not be construed, to create
third party beneficiary rights for any current or former employees of the
Kaneb Entities or their respective Subsidiaries (including any   
-60-    beneficiaries or dependents thereof) under or with respect to any
plan, program, or arrangement described or contemplated by this
Agreement.   (d) VLI and the Kaneb Entities will take all actions necessary
to satisfy the obligations set forth on Section 6.8(d) of the Kaneb
Disclosure Schedule in accordance with the procedures set forth therein.
Nothing contained in this Section 6.8 shall provide, or shall be interpreted
as providing, any individual with rights or benefits that are duplicative of
those that may be provided under any similar provisions of the KSL Merger
Agreement.   6.9 PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS. Neither the VLI Entities nor the
Kaneb Entities shall, and neither the VLI Entities nor the Kaneb Entities
shall permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, issue or cause the
publication of any press release or other public announcement with respect
to, or otherwise make any public statement concerning, the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement without the prior consent (which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld) of VLI, in the case of a proposed announcement
or statement by the Kaneb Entities, or the Kaneb Entities, in the case of a
proposed announcement or statement by any of the VLI Entities; provided,
however, that either party may, without the prior consent of the other party
(but after prior consultation with the other party to the extent practicable
under the circumstances) issue or cause the publication of any press release
or other public announcement to the extent required by law or by the rules
and regulations of the NYSE.   6.10 LISTING OF VLI COMMON UNITS. VLI shall
use its reasonable best efforts to cause the VLI Common Units to be issued in
the KPP Merger to be approved for listing on the NYSE, subject to official
notice of issuance, prior to the Closing Date.   6.11 COORDINATION OF
DISTRIBUTIONS. Each of VLI and KPP GP shall coordinate with the Other Party
regarding the declaration and payment of distributions in respect of the VLI
Common Units and the KPP Units and the record dates and payment dates
relating thereto, so that no KPP Unitholder shall receive two distributions,
or fail to receive one distribution, for any single calendar quarter with
respect to its KPP Units or any VLI Common Units any such KPP Unitholder
receives in exchange therefor pursuant to the KPP Merger.   6.12 AFFILIATES.
Not less than 45 days prior to the date of the KPP Unitholders Meeting, KPP
shall deliver to VLI a letter identifying all persons who, in the judgment of
KPP, may be deemed at the time this Agreement is submitted for approval and
adoption by the KPP Unitholders, "affiliates" of KPP or KPP GP for purposes
of Rule 145 under the Securities Act and applicable SEC rules and
regulations, and such list shall be updated as necessary to reflect changes
from the date thereof. KPP shall use reasonable best efforts to cause each
person identified on such list to deliver to VLI not later than ten
days prior to the Effective Times a written agreement substantially in the
form attached as Exhibit A hereto (an "AFFILIATE AGREEMENT").   6.13
SECTION 16 MATTERS. Prior to the Effective Times, to the extent permitted by
law the Kaneb Entities shall take all such steps as may be required to cause
any dispositions of KPP Units or acquisitions of VLI Common Units (including
derivative securities with respect to VLI Entities equity
securities) resulting from the transactions contemplated by Article II or
Article III of this Agreement by each individual who is subject to the
reporting requirements of    -61-    Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act
with respect to KPP or will become subject to such reporting requirements
with respect to VLI, to be exempt under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the
Exchange Act.   6.14 ACCOUNTANTS\' LETTER. The Kaneb Entities shall use
their reasonable best efforts to cause to be delivered to VLI a letter from
their independent public accountants addressed to VLI, dated a date within
two Business Days before the date on which the Form S-4 shall become
effective, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to VLI and customary
in scope and substance for letters delivered by independent public
accountants in connection with registration statements similar to the Form
S-4. VLI shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause to be delivered to
the Kaneb Entities a letter from its independent public accountants addressed
to the Kaneb Entities, dated a date within two Business Days before the date
on which the Form S-4 shall become effective, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Kaneb Entities and customary in scope and
substance for letters delivered by independent public accountants in
connection with registration statements similar to the Form S-4.   6.15
POST-CLOSING DISTRIBUTION POLICY. Promptly after the execution of this
Agreement, VLI will publicly announce that if the KPP Merger
occurs, effective as of the next regular quarterly distribution date
following the Closing, VLI intends to increase its quarterly distribution to
at least $0.855 per VLI Common Unit, and intends to reaffirm this intent in
the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus.   6.16 OTHER AGREEMENTS. KPP or KSL
shall pay the amount to the extent due and payable as set forth on and
pursuant to Section 6.16 of the Kaneb Disclosure Schedule. Prior to Closing,
VLI will cause the VLI Partnership Agreement to be amended if required in the
form attached hereto as Section 6.16 of the VLI Disclosure Schedule.  
ARTICLE VII   CONDITIONS PRECEDENT   7.1 CONDITIONS TO EACH PARTY\'S
OBLIGATION TO EFFECT THE MERGER. The respective obligations of the Kaneb
Entities and VLI to effect the KPP Merger are subject to the satisfaction or
waiver on or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:   (a)
UNITHOLDER APPROVAL. (i) KPP shall have obtained the KPP Unitholders
Approval, and (ii) VLI shall have obtained the VLI Unitholders Approval.  
(b) NO INJUNCTIONS OR RESTRAINTS; ILLEGALITY. No law shall have been adopted
or promulgated, and no temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent
injunction or other order issued by a court or other Governmental Entity of
competent jurisdiction shall be in effect, having the effect of making either
of the KSL Merger or the KPP Merger illegal or otherwise
prohibiting consummation of either of the KPP Merger and the KSL Merger.  
(c) HSR ACT; OTHER APPROVALS. (i) The waiting period (and any extension
thereof) applicable to the KPP Merger and the KSL Merger under the HSR Act
shall have been terminated or shall have expired, without the imposition
of any condition or requirement that would be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on the VLI Entities taken as a whole, the   
-62-    Kaneb Entities and KSL taken as a whole, or the combined VLI
Entities and Kaneb Entities after the consummation of the KPP Merger), and
(ii) all Other Approvals shall have been obtained, except those Other
Approvals the failure of which to obtain would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on VLI or
the Kaneb Entities.   (d) NYSE LISTING. The VLI Common Units to be issued in
the KPP Merger shall have been approved for listing on the NYSE, subject to
official notice of issuance.   (e) EFFECTIVENESS OF THE FORM S-4. The Form
S-4 shall have been declared effective by the SEC under the Securities Act
and no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Form S-4 shall have
been issued by the SEC and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been
initiated or threatened by the SEC.   (f) CONSUMMATION OF THE KSL MERGER.
The KSL Merger shall have been consummated.   7.2 ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS TO
OBLIGATIONS OF VLI. The obligations of VLI to effect the KPP Merger is
subject to the satisfaction, or waiver by VLI, on or prior to the Closing
Date, of the following conditions:   (a) REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.
Each of the representations and warranties of the Kaneb Entities set forth in
this Agreement that is qualified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect
shall be true and correct, and each of the representations and warranties of
the Kaneb Entities set forth in this Agreement that is not so qualified shall
be true and correct in all material respects, in each case as of the date of
this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the
Closing Date (except to the extent that such representations and warranties
speak as of another date, in which case such representations and warranties
shall be so true and correct as of such other date); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that
no such representations or warranties shall be deemed to have failed to be
true and correct for purposes of this Section 7.2(a) unless the failure of
such representations and warranties to be true and correct, disregarding for
this purpose all qualifications and exceptions contained therein relating to
materiality or Material Adverse Effect, would, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in (A) an adverse effect on the
Kaneb Entities involving $20,000,000 or more (individually or in the
aggregate) or (B) a Material Adverse Effect on the Kaneb Entities.
In addition to the requirements of the preceding sentence, the
representations and warranties set forth in Sections 4.1(a) and (b) that are
not qualified therein as to Material Adverse Effect or materiality shall be
true and correct in all material respects and those that are so qualified
shall be true and correct. VLI shall have received a certificate of an
executive officer of each of the Kaneb Entities to the effect of the
preceding provisions of this Section 7.2(a).   (b) PERFORMANCE OF
OBLIGATIONS OF THE KANEB ENTITIES. Each of the Kaneb Entities shall have
performed or complied in all material respects with all material agreements
and covenants required to be performed by it under this Agreement at or prior
to the Closing Date, except for non-willful failures to comply that would
not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on the
combined VLI Entities and the Kaneb Entities after the   
-63-    consummation of the KPP Merger, and VLI shall have received a
certificate of an executive officer of each of the Kaneb Entities to such
effect.   (c) TAX OPINION. VLI shall have received an opinion of each of
Andrews Kurth LLP and Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen and Katz dated as of the Closing
Date to the effect that (i) no VLI Entity will recognize any income or gain
as a result of the KPP Merger or the KSL Merger (other than any gain
resulting from any decrease in partnership liabilities pursuant to section
752 of the Code), (ii) no gain or loss will be recognized by holders of VLI
Common Units as a result of the KPP Merger or the KSL Merger (other than any
gain resulting from any decrease in partnership liabilities pursuant to
section 752 of the Code), and (iii) 90% of the combined gross income of each
of VLI, KSL and KPP for the most recent four complete calendar quarters
ending before the Closing Date for which the necessary financial information
is available are from sources treated as "qualifying income" within the
meaning of section 7704(d) of the Code. In rendering such opinion, such
counsel shall be entitled to receive and rely upon representations of
officers of the VLI Entities and the Kaneb Entities and any of their
respective affiliates as to such matters as such counsel may
reasonably request.   7.3 ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF THE KANEB
ENTITIES. The obligations of the Kaneb Entities to effect the KPP Merger are
subject to the satisfaction, or waiver by the Kaneb Entities, on or prior to
the Closing Date, of the following additional conditions:   (a)
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Each of the representations and warranties of
VLI set forth in this Agreement that is qualified as to materiality or
Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct, and each of the
representations and warranties of VLI set forth in this Agreement that is not
so qualified shall be true and correct in all material respects, in each case
as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on
and as of the Closing Date (except to the extent that such
representations and warranties speak as of another date, in which case such
representations and warranties shall be so true and correct as of such other
date); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that no such representations or warranties shall be
deemed to have failed to be true and correct for purposes of this Section
7.3(a) unless the failure of such representations and warranties to be true
and correct, disregarding for this purpose all qualifications and exceptions
contained therein relating to materiality or Material Adverse Effect, would,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on VLI. In
addition to the requirements of the preceding sentence, that the
representations and warranties set forth in Sections 4.2(a) and (b) that are
not qualified therein as to Material Adverse Effect or materiality shall be
true and correct in all material respects and those that are so qualified
shall be true and correct. The Kaneb Entities shall have received a
certificate of an executive officer of VLI to the effect of the preceding
provisions of this Section 7.3(a).   (b) PERFORMANCE OF OBLIGATIONS OF VLI.
Each of the VLI Entities shall have performed or complied in all material
respects with all material agreements and covenants required to be performed
by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date, except for non-
willful failures to comply that would not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect on the combined VLI Entities and the Kaneb
Entities after the consummation of the KPP Merger, and the Kaneb Entities
shall have received a certificate of an executive officer of VLI to such
effect.    -64-     (c) TAX OPINION. KPP shall have received an opinion
dated as of the Closing Date of Fulbright and Jaworski L.L.P. to the effect
that, except with respect to fractional units, (i) KPP will not recognize any
income or gain as a result of the KPP Merger (other than any gain resulting
from any decrease in partnership liabilities pursuant to section 752 of the
Code), and (ii) no gain or loss will be recognized by holders of KPP Units as
a result of the Merger (other than any gain resulting from any decrease in
partnership liabilities pursuant to section 752 of the Code); PROVIDED, that
such opinion shall not extend to any holder who acquired KPP Common Units
from KPP in exchange for property other than cash. In rendering such opinion,
such counsel shall be entitled to receive and rely upon representations of
officers of the VLI Entities and the Kaneb Entities and any of their
respective affiliates as to such matters as such counsel may reasonably
request.   (d) REAFFIRMATION. The Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus shall
contain VLI\'s reaffirmation of VLI\'s intent described in Section 6.15.  
ARTICLE VIII   TERMINATION AND AMENDMENT   8.1 TERMINATION. This Agreement
may be terminated at any time prior to the KPP Effective Time, by action
taken or authorized by the Board of Directors of the terminating party or
parties (or of KPP GP in the case of KPP), and, except as specifically
provided below, whether before or after the KPP Unitholders Meeting or the
VLI Unitholders Meeting:   (a) By mutual written consent of VLI and KPP;  
(b) By either VLI or KPP, if the KPP Effective Time shall not have occurred
on or before the ten month anniversary of the date hereof (the "TERMINATION
DATE"); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the right to terminate this Agreement under
this Section 8.1(b) shall not be available to any party whose failure to
fulfill any obligation under this Agreement (including such
party\'s obligations set forth in Section 6.4) has been the primary cause of,
or resulted in, the failure of the KPP Effective Time to occur on or before
the Termination Date;   (c) By either VLI or KPP if any Governmental Entity
(i) shall have issued an order, decree or ruling or taken any other action
(which the parties shall have used their reasonable best efforts to resist,
resolve or lift, as applicable, in accordance with Section 6.4) permanently
restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, and such order, decree, ruling or other action shall have
become final and nonappealable or (ii) shall have failed to issue an order,
decree or ruling or to take any other action which is necessary to fulfill
the conditions set forth in Sections 7.1(c), (d) or (e), as applicable, and
such denial of a request to issue such order, decree, ruling or the failure
to take such other action shall have become final and nonappealable (which
order, decree, ruling or other action the parties shall have used their
reasonable best efforts to obtain, in accordance with Section 6.4); PROVIDED,
HOWEVER, that the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 8.1(c)
shall not be available to any party whose failure to comply with Section 6.4
has been the primary cause of such action or inaction;    -65-     (d)
By either VLI or KPP if either the VLI Unitholders Approval or the KPP
Unitholders Approval has not been obtained by reason of the failure to obtain
the required vote at the VLI Unitholders Meeting or the KPP
Unitholders Meeting, as applicable.   (e) By VLI, if KPP shall have
breached or failed to perform any of its representations, warranties,
covenants or other agreements contained in this Agreement, such that the
conditions set forth in Section 7.2(a) or (b) are not capable of being
satisfied on or before the Termination Date;   (f) By KPP, if VLI shall have
breached or failed to perform any of its representations, warranties,
covenants or other agreements contained in this Agreement, such that the
conditions set forth in Section 7.3(a) or (b) are not capable of being
satisfied on or before the Termination Date;   (g) By KPP, if VLI shall have
either (i) failed to make the VLI Recommendation or effected a Change in the
VLI Recommendation (or resolved to take any such action), whether or not
permitted by the terms hereof, or (ii) materially breached its obligations
under this Agreement by reason of a failure to call the VLI Unitholders
Meeting in accordance with Section 6.1(c) or a failure to prepare and mail to
its shareholders the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus in accordance with
Section 6.1(a);   (h) By VLI, if KPP shall have either (i) failed to make
the Kaneb Recommendation or effected a Change in the Kaneb Recommendation (or
resolved to take any such action), whether or not permitted by the terms
hereof, or (ii) materially breached its obligations under this Agreement by
reason of a failure to call the KPP Unitholders Meeting, as applicable, in
accordance with Section 6.1(b) or a failure to prepare and mail to the KPP
Unitholders the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus in accordance with Section
6.1(a);   (i) By KPP, if the Board of Directors of KPP GP or KPP has
provided written notice to VLI that KPP intends to enter into a binding
written agreement for a Superior Proposal (with such termination becoming
effective, if VLI does not make the offer contemplated by clause (iii) below,
on the business day immediately following the five business day period
contemplated thereby, or otherwise, upon KPP entering into such binding
written agreement); provided, however, that (i) KPP shall have complied with
Section 6.5 hereof in all material respects; (ii) KPP shall have (A) notified
VLI in writing of its receipt of such Superior Proposal, (B) further notified
VLI in such writing that KPP intends to enter into a binding agreement with
respect to such Superior Proposal subject to clause (iii) below and (C)
attached the most current written version of such Superior Proposal (or a
summary containing all material terms and conditions of such Superior
Proposal) to such notice; and (iii) VLI does not make, within five business
days after receipt of KPP GP\'s or KPP\'s written notice pursuant to clause
(ii) above, an offer that the Board of Directors of KPP GP shall have
reasonably concluded in good faith (following consultation with its financial
advisor and outside counsel) is at least as favorable to the KPP Unitholders
as such Superior Proposal.   (j) By VLI or KPP, if the KSL Merger Agreement
shall have been terminated without consummation of the transactions
contemplated thereby.    -66-     8.2 EFFECT OF TERMINATION.   (a) In
the event of termination of this Agreement by KPP or VLI as provided in
Section 8.1, this Agreement shall forthwith become void and there shall be no
liability or obligation on the part of any party to this Agreement or their
respective officers or directors except with respect to Section
4.1(s), Section 4.2(s), the second sentence of Section 6.3, Section 6.6, this
Section 8.2 and Article IX, which provisions shall survive such termination;
PROVIDED that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this
Agreement, neither VLI nor the Kaneb Entities shall be relieved or released
from any liabilities or damages arising out of its intentional or willful and
material breach of this Agreement.   (b) If (A) (I) KPP or VLI terminates
this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.1(d) as a result of the failure to
obtain the required vote at the KPP Unitholders Meeting, or pursuant to
Section 8.1(b) without the KPP Unitholders Meetings having occurred, (II) VLI
terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.1(h), (III) VLI terminates
this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.1(e), or (IV) KPP terminates this
Agreement pursuant to Section 8.1(i), (B) at any time after the date of this
Agreement and before such termination an Acquisition Proposal with respect to
KPP shall have been publicly announced or otherwise communicated to the
senior management, Board of Directors of KPP GP, or to KPP Unitholders and
(C) within 18 months of such termination KPP or any of its
Subsidiaries enters into any definitive agreement with respect to, or the
Board of Directors of KPP GP or any of its Subsidiaries recommends that KPP
Unitholders approve, adopt or accept, any Acquisition Proposal and such
Acquisition Proposal is consummated at any time, KPP shall promptly, but in
no event later than one Business Day, after consummation of such Acquisition
Proposal, pay VLI, subject to the last sentence of Section 8.2(d), an
aggregate amount equal to the Kaneb Termination Fee by wire transfer of
immediately available funds.   (c) If (A) (I) KPP or VLI terminates this
Agreement pursuant to Section 8.1(d) as a result of the failure to obtain the
required vote at the VLI Unitholders Meeting, or pursuant to Section 8.1(b)
without the VLI Unitholders Meetings having occurred, (II) KPP terminates
this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.1(f), or (III) KPP terminates this
Agreement pursuant to Section 8.1(g), (B) at any time after the date of this
Agreement and before such termination there shall have been publicly
announced or otherwise communicated to Parent GP, VLI GP, the senior
management or unitholders of VLI a proposal for the acquisition by a third
party of 10% or more of the consolidated assets (including stock of its
Subsidiaries) of VLI and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or of 10%
or more of its total voting power, whether by merger, reorganization,
share exchange, consolidation, business combination, recapitalization,
liquidation, dissolution, tender offer or exchange offer or similar
transaction or series of related transactions and (C) within 18 months of the
such termination VLI or any of its Subsidiaries consummates or enters into
any definitive agreement with respect to, or VLI GP or any of its
Subsidiaries recommends that its respective unitholders or stockholders
approve, adopt or accept, a transaction or series of related transactions
contemplated by clause (B), then in the case of a termination, VLI shall
promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day, after consummation of
the transactions contemplated by clause (B), pay KPP, subject to the last
sentence of Section 8.2(d), an aggregate amount equal to the VLI Termination
Fee by wire transfer of immediately available funds.    -67-     (d)
The parties hereto acknowledge that the agreements contained in this Section
8.2 are an integral part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
and that, without these agreements, neither party would enter into this
Agreement; accordingly, if either party fails promptly to pay any amount due
pursuant to this Section 8.2, and, in order to obtain such payment, the other
party commences a suit which results in a judgment against such party for the
fee set forth in this Section 8.2, such party shall pay to the other
party its costs and expenses (including attorneys\' fees and expenses) in
connection with such suit, together with interest on the amount of the fee at
the prime rate of Citibank, N.A. in effect on the date such payment was
required to be made, notwithstanding the provisions of Section 6.6. The
parties hereto agree that any remedy or amount payable pursuant to this
Section 8.2 shall not preclude any other remedy or amount payable hereunder,
and shall not be an exclusive remedy, for any willful and material breach of
any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement contained in this
Agreement. The parties agree that any Kaneb Termination Fee payable
hereunder, together with any KSL Termination Fee previously paid under the
KSL Merger Agreement, shall not exceed $25 million, and that any VLI
Termination Fee payable hereunder, together with any VLI Termination Fee
previously paid under the KSL Merger Agreement, shall not exceed $25
million.   8.3 AMENDMENT. This Agreement may be amended by the parties
hereto, by action taken or authorized by their respective boards of directors
or general partner, as applicable, at any time before or after the KPP
Unitholders Approval or the VLI Unitholders Approval, but, after any such
approval, no amendment shall be made which by law or in accordance with the
rules of any relevant stock exchange requires further approval by such
unitholders without such further approval. This Agreement may not be amended
except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the parties
hereto.   8.4 EXTENSION; WAIVER. At any time prior to the Effective Times,
the parties hereto, by action taken or authorized by boards of directors or
general partner, as applicable, may, to the extent legally allowed, (i)
extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts
of the other parties hereto, (ii) waive any inaccuracies in the
representations and warranties contained herein or in any document delivered
pursuant hereto and (iii) waive compliance with any of the agreements or
conditions contained herein. Any agreement on the part of a party hereto to
any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in a written
instrument signed on behalf of such party. The failure of any party to this
Agreement to assert any of its rights under this Agreement or otherwise shall
not constitute a waiver of those rights.   ARTICLE IX   GENERAL
PROVISIONS   9.1 NON-SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AGREEMENTS.
None of the representations, warranties, covenants and other agreements in
this Agreement or in any instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement,
including any rights arising out of any breach of such representations,
warranties, covenants, agreements and other provisions, shall survive the
Effective Times, except for those covenants, agreements and other provisions
contained herein    -68-    that by their terms apply or are to be
performed in whole or in part after the Effective Times and this Article
IX.   9.2 NOTICES. All notices and other communications hereunder shall
be in writing and shall be deemed duly given (a) on the date of delivery
if delivered personally, or by telecopy or facsimile, upon verbal
confirmation of receipt, (b) on the first Business Day following the date of
dispatch if delivered by a recognized next-day courier service, or (c) on the
fifth Business Day following the date of mailing if delivered by registered
or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. All notices
hereunder shall be delivered as set forth below, or pursuant to such other
instructions as may be designated in writing by the party to receive such
notice:   (i) if to any of the VLI Entities to:   Valero L.P.  One Valero
Place  San Antonio, Texas 78212   Attention: Bradley Barron, Esq.   with
a copy to:   Andrews Kurth LLP  600 Travis, Suite 4200  Houston, Texas
77002   Attention: Gislar Donnenberg, Esq.   and:   Wachtell, Lipton,
Rosen and Katz  51 West 52nd Street  New York, New York 10019   Attention:
Edward D. Herlihy, Esq.  Lawrence S. Makow, Esq.   (ii) if to the Kaneb
Entities to:   2435 North Central Expressway, Suite 700  Richardson, Texas
75080   Attention: Edward D. Doherty   with a copy to:    -69-    
Fulbright and Jaworski L.L.P.  1301 McKinney, Suite 5100  Houston, Texas
77010   Attention: John Watson, Esq.   9.3 INTERPRETATION. When a
reference is made in this Agreement to Articles, Sections, Exhibits or
Schedules, such reference shall be to an Article or Section of or Exhibit or
Schedule to this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The table of contents
and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and
shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
Whenever the words "include," "includes" or "including" are used in this
Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without
limitation." No provision of this Agreement shall be construed to require
VLI, KPP, KPP GP or any of their respective Subsidiaries or affiliates to
take or omit to take any action if doing so would violate any applicable
obligation (arising in law or equity), rule or regulation.   9.4
COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all
of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become
effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the
parties and delivered to the other party, it being understood that
both parties need not sign the same counterpart.   9.5 ENTIRE AGREEMENT; NO
THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES.   (a) This Agreement, the Confidentiality
Agreement, the Support Agreement and the exhibits and schedules hereto and
the other agreements and instruments of the parties delivered in connection
herewith constitute the entire agreement and supersede all prior agreements
and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to
the subject matter hereof.   (b) This Agreement shall be binding upon and
inure solely to the benefit of each party hereto, and nothing in this
Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other
Person any right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by
reason of this Agreement, other than Section 6.7 (which is intended to be for
the benefit of the Persons covered thereby).   9.6 GOVERNING LAW. This
Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the
State of Delaware (without giving effect to choice of law principles
thereof).   9.7 SEVERABILITY. If any term or other provision of this
Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any law or
public policy, all other terms and provisions of this Agreement shall
nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal
substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any
manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any term
or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the
parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as
to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an
acceptable    -70-    manner in order that the transactions
contemplated hereby are consummated as originally contemplated to the
greatest extent possible.   9.8 ASSIGNMENT. Neither this Agreement nor any
of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by any of
the parties hereto, in whole or in part (whether by operation of law or
otherwise), without the prior written consent of the other party, and any
attempt to make any such assignment without such consent shall be null and
void. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement will be binding upon,
inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties and their
respective successors and assigns.   9.9 SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION;
WAIVERS. Each of the VLI Entities and the Kaneb Entities irrevocably agrees
that any legal action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement or for
recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect hereof brought by the
other party hereto or its successors or assigns may be brought and determined
in the Chancery or other Courts of the State of Delaware, and each of the VLI
Entities and the Kaneb Entities hereby irrevocably submits with regard to any
such action or proceeding for itself and in respect to its property,
generally and unconditionally, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the
aforesaid courts. Each of the VLI Entities and the Kaneb Entities
hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert, by way of motion, as a
defense, counterclaim or otherwise, in any action or proceeding with respect
to this Agreement, (a) any claim that it is not personally subject to the
jurisdiction of the above-named courts for any reason other than the failure
to lawfully serve process, (b) that it or its property is exempt or immune
from jurisdiction of any such court or from any legal process commenced in
such courts (whether through service of notice, attachment prior to judgment,
attachment in aid of execution of judgment, execution of judgment or
otherwise), and (c) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, that
(i) the suit, action or proceeding in any such court is brought in an
inconvenient forum, (ii) the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is
improper and (iii) this Agreement, or the subject matter hereof, may not be
enforced in or by such courts.   9.10 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A
TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT
OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY OF THE AGREEMENTS DELIVERED IN
CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. EACH
PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (A) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR
ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT
SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE
EITHER OF SUCH WAIVERS, (B) IT UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE
IMPLICATIONS OF SUCH WAIVERS, (C) IT MAKES SUCH WAIVERS VOLUNTARILY, AND (D)
IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE
MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 9.10.   9.11 ENFORCEMENT.
The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event
that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance
with their specific terms. It is accordingly agreed that the parties hereto
shall be entitled to    -71-    specific performance of the terms
hereof, this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled
at law or in equity.    -72-     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, VALERO L.P.,
RIVERWALK LOGISTICS, L.P., VALERO GP, LLC, VLI SUB B LLC, KANEB PIPE LINE
PARTNERS, L.P. and KANEB PIPE LINE COMPANY LLC have caused this Agreement to
be signed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, all as of
the date first written above.    -73-     VALERO L.P.    By: /s/
Curtis V. Anastasio  -----------------------------------------  Name: Curtis
V. Anastasio  Title: Chief Executive Officer and  President     
RIVERWALK LOGISTICS, L.P.    By: /s/ Curtis V. Anastasio 
-----------------------------------------  Name: Curtis V. Anastasio  Title:
Chief Executive Officer and  President      VALERO GP, LLC    By: /s/
Curtis V. Anastasio  -----------------------------------------  Name: Curtis
V. Anastasio  Title: Chief Executive Officer and  President    VLI SUB
B    By: /s/ Curtis V. Anastasio 
-----------------------------------------  Name: Curtis V. Anastasio  Title:
Chief Executive Officer and  President    -74-     KANEB PIPE LINE
PARTNERS, L.P.    By: /s/ E.D. Doherty 
-----------------------------------------  Name: E.D. Doherty  Title:
Chairman and CEO       KANEB PIPE LINE COMPANY LLC    By: /s/ E.D.
Doherty  -----------------------------------------  Name: E.D. Doherty 
Title: Chairman and CEO       -75-    '

