 EXHIBIT 2.1     EXHIBIT 2.1  
EXECUTION COPY   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER AND REORGANIZATION  BY AND
AMONG  POLYCOM, INC.,  MERGER SUB LTD.  AND  ACCORD NETWORKS LTD.  DATED
AS OF DECEMBER 5, 2000   TABLE OF CONTENTS     PAGE  --------  ~~
 ARTICLE I THE MERGER................................................ 2  1.1
The Merger.................................................. 2  1.2 Closing
Date................................................ 2  1.3 Effective
Time.............................................. 2  1.4 Articles of
Association..................................... 2  1.5 Directors and
Officers...................................... 2  1.6 Effect on Capital
Stock..................................... 2  1.7 Surrender of
Certificates................................... 4  1.8 Company\'s Transfer
Books Closed; No Further Ownership Rights  in Company
Shares......................................... 5  1.9 Lost, Stolen or
Destroyed Certificates...................... 5  1.10 Certain Tax and
Accounting Consequences..................... 6  1.11 Taking of Necessary
Action; Further Action.................. 6  ARTICLE II REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES OF COMPANY................ 6  2.1 Organization and Qualification;
Subsidiaries................ 6  2.2 Memorandum of Association; Articles of
Association.......... 7  2.3
Capitalization.............................................. 7  2.4 Authority
Relative to this Agreement........................ 8  2.5 No Conflict;
Required Filings and Consents.................. 9  2.6 Compliance;
Permits......................................... 10  2.7 SEC Filings;
Financial Statements........................... 10  2.8 No Undisclosed
Liabilities.................................. 11  2.9 Absence of Certain
Changes or Events........................ 11  2.10 Absence of
Litigation....................................... 11  2.11 Employee Matters
and Benefit Plans.......................... 12  2.12 Registration Statement;
Proxy Statement/Prospectus.......... 16  2.13 Restrictions on Business
Activities......................... 16  2.14 Title to
Property........................................... 16  2.15
Taxes....................................................... 16  2.16
Brokers..................................................... 18  2.17
Intellectual Property....................................... 18  2.18
Agreements, Contracts and Commitments....................... 22  2.19
Environmental Matters....................................... 23  2.20 Opinion
of Financial Advisor................................ 24  2.21
Insurance................................................... 24  2.22 Board
Approval.............................................. 24  2.23
Inapplicability of Certain Statutes......................... 24  2.24 Grants,
Incentives and Subsidies............................ 24  2.25 Pooling of
Interests........................................ 24  ARTICLE III
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER 
SUB............................................................... 25  3.1
Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries................ 25  3.2
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws..................... 25  3.3
Capitalization.............................................. 25  3.4
Authority Relative to this Agreement........................ 26  3.5 No
Conflict; Required Filings and Consents.................. 26  3.6 SEC
Filings; Financial Statements........................... 27  3.7 No
Undisclosed Liabilities.................................. 27  3.8 Absence of
Litigation....................................... 27  3.9 Registration
Statement; Proxy Statement/Prospectus.......... 28    i      PAGE 
--------  ~~   3.10 Pooling of
Interests........................................ 28  3.11 Compliance;
Permits......................................... 28  3.12 No Prior
Activities......................................... 28  3.13 Obligations to
Creditors.................................... 28  ARTICLE IV CONDUCT PRIOR
TO THE EFFECTIVE TIME...................... 29  4.1 Conduct of Business by
Company.............................. 29  4.2 Conduct of Business by
Parent............................... 32  ARTICLE V ADDITIONAL
AGREEMENTS..................................... 32  5.1 Proxy
Statement/Prospectus; Registration Statement.......... 32  5.2 Merger
Proposal............................................. 33  5.3 Company General
Meeting..................................... 34  5.4
Notification................................................ 35  5.5 Israeli
Approvals........................................... 35  5.6 Confidentiality;
Access to Information...................... 37  5.7 No
Solicitation............................................. 37  5.8 Public
Disclosure........................................... 39  5.9 Commercially
Reasonable Efforts; Regulatory Filings......... 39  5.10 Third Party
Consents........................................ 40  5.11 Stock Options and
Employee Benefits......................... 40  5.12 Form
S-8.................................................... 41  5.13 Company
Warrants............................................ 41  5.14
Indemnification............................................. 42  5.15 Nasdaq
Listing.............................................. 42  5.16 Company
Affiliate Agreement................................. 42  5.17 Pooling of
Interests........................................ 43  5.18 Merger Sub
Approval......................................... 43  5.19 Ezenia! Settlement
Agreement................................ 43  5.20 Repayment of OCS
Grants..................................... 43  ARTICLE VI CONDITIONS TO THE
MERGER................................. 43  6.1 Conditions to Obligations of
Each Party to Effect the 
Merger.................................................... 43  6.2 Additional
Conditions to Obligations of Company............. 44  6.3 Additional
Conditions to the Obligations of Parent and  Merger
Sub................................................ 44  ARTICLE VII
TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER....................... 45  7.1
Termination................................................. 45  7.2 Notice
of Termination; Effect of Termination................ 47  7.3 Fees and
Expenses........................................... 47  7.4
Amendment................................................... 48  7.5
Extension; Waiver........................................... 48  ARTICLE
VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS..................................... 48  8.1 Non-
Survival of Representations and Warranties.............. 48  8.2
Notices..................................................... 48  8.3
Interpretation; Knowledge................................... 49  8.4
Counterparts................................................ 50  8.5 Entire
Agreement; Third Party Beneficiaries................. 50  8.6
Severability................................................ 50  8.7 Other
Remedies; Specific Performance........................ 50  8.8 Applicable
Law.............................................. 51  8.9 Rules of
Construction....................................... 51  8.10
Assignment.................................................. 51  8.11 Waiver
of Jury Trial........................................ 51    ii   INDEX OF
EXHIBITS    ~~  Exhibit A Form of Company Voting Agreement  Exhibit B
Form of Company Affiliate Agreement  Exhibit C Form of Parent Affiliate
Agreement  Exhibit D Form of Noncompetition Agreement    iii  
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER AND REORGANIZATION   This AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
MERGER AND REORGANIZATION (the "Agreement") is made and entered into as of
December 5, 2000, among Polycom, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("PARENT"),
Merger Sub Ltd., an Israeli corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Parent ("MERGER SUB"), and Accord Networks Ltd., an Israeli corporation
("COMPANY").   RECITALS   A. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions
of this Agreement and in accordance with the Israeli Companies Law-5759-1999
(the "ISRAELI COMPANIES LAW"), Parent and Company intend to enter into a
business combination transaction to effect the merger of Merger Sub with and
into the Company, pursuant to which Merger Sub will cease to exist and the
Company will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent.   B. The Board of
Directors of Company has unanimously (i) determined that the Merger (as
defined in Section 1.1) is consistent with and in furtherance of the long-
term business strategy of Company and fair to, and in the best interests of,
Company and its shareholders, and, assuming the accuracy of
the representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub contained herein
that no reasonable concern exists that the Surviving Corporation (as defined
in Section 1.1) will be unable to fulfill the obligations of Company to
its creditors (ii) approved this Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (iii) determined to recommend
that the shareholders of Company adopt and approve this Agreement and approve
the Merger.   C. The Board of Directors of each of Parent and Merger Sub has
approved this Agreement and the Merger and determined that no reasonable
concern exists that the Surviving Corporation will be unable to fulfill the
obligations of Merger Sub to its creditors.   D. Concurrently with the
execution of this Agreement as a condition and inducement to Parent\'s
willingness to enter into this Agreement, (i) all directors and officers and
certain principal shareholders of Company are entering into Voting
Agreements, including the irrevocable proxies contained therein, in
substantially the form attached hereto as EXHIBIT A (the "COMPANY VOTING
AGREEMENTS"), (ii) certain shareholders of Company who may be deemed to be
affiliates (the "COMPANY AFFILIATES") are entering into Company
Affiliate Agreements in substantially the form attached hereto as EXHIBIT B
(the "COMPANY AFFILIATE AGREEMENTS"), (iii) certain stockholders of Parent
who may be deemed to be affiliates (the "PARENT AFFILIATES") are entering
into Parent Affiliate Agreements in substantially the form attached hereto as
EXHIBIT C (the "PARENT AFFILIATE AGREEMENTS") and (iv) certain individuals
are entering into Noncompetition Agreements in substantially the form
attached hereto as EXHIBIT D (the "NONCOMPETITION AGREEMENT").   E. The
parties intend, by executing this Agreement, to adopt a plan
of reorganization within the meaning of Section 368 of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the "CODE").   F. It is also intended by the
parties hereto that the Merger shall qualify for accounting treatment as a
"pooling of interests." Parent has received (i) from Kesselman and Kesselman,
independent auditors for Company, a letter addressed to Company and Parent
dated as of the date hereof to the effect that Kesselman and Kesselman concurs
with Company management\'s conclusion that, as of the date hereof, no
conditions exist that would preclude Company from being a party to a merger
accounted for as a "pooling-of-interest" in accordance with Opinion 16 of the
Accounting Principles Board and (ii) from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP,
independent accountants for Parent, a letter addressed to Parent and Company
dated as of the date hereof to the effect had the Merger been consummated on
the date hereof PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP would be in a position to concur
with Parent management\'s conclusion that, as of the date of the letter, no
conditions exist that would preclude accounting for the Merger as a "pooling-
of-interests", and the parties hereto have agreed not to take any action that
would interfere with Parent\'s ability to account for the Merger as a
"pooling of interests."   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing
premises, the mutual covenants, promises and representations set forth
herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as
follows:   ARTICLE I  THE MERGER   1.1 THE MERGER. At the Effective Time
(as defined in Section 1.3) and subject to and upon the terms and conditions
of this Agreement and the applicable provisions of Israeli Companies Law,
Merger Sub (as the target company (CHEVRAT HA\'YAAD) in the Merger) shall be
merged with and into Company (as the absorbing company (HACHEVRA HA\'KOLETET)
in the Merger) (the "MERGER"), the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub
shall cease and Company (i) shall continue as the surviving corporation
(sometimes referred to herein as the "SURVIVING CORPORATION"), (ii) shall be
governed by the laws of the State of Israel, (iii) shall maintain a
registered office in the State of Israel, and (iv) shall succeed to and
assume all of the rights, properties and obligations of Merger Sub and
Company in accordance with the Israeli Companies Law.   1.2 CLOSING DATE.
The closing of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement (the "CLOSING") shall take place at the offices of Wilson Sonsini
Goodrich and Rosati, Professional Corporation, 650 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto,
California, USA, at a time and on a date to be designated by the parties (the
time and date upon which the Closing actually occurs being referred to herein
as the "CLOSING DATE"), which shall be no later than the later to occur of
(i) the second business day after the satisfaction or waiver of the
conditions set forth in Article VI or (ii) the 71st day after the delivery of
the Merger Proposal (as defined in section 5.2 hereof) to the office of the
Registrar of Companies of the State of Israel, (the "COMPANIES REGISTRAR"),
or at such other time, date and location as the parties hereto shall mutually
agree.   1.3 EFFECTIVE TIME. As soon as practicable after the satisfaction
or waiver of the conditions to Closing set forth in Article VI, Merger Sub
shall deliver (and Parent shall cause Merger Sub to deliver) to the
Companies Registrar a notice (the "MERGER SUB NOTICE") informing the
Companies Registrar that the Merger was approved by the general shareholders
meeting of Merger Sub. The Merger shall become effective at the later of: (i)
the time of the delivery of the Merger Sub Notice to the Companies Registrar
or (ii) the 71st day after the delivery of the Merger Proposal to the
Companies Register (the "EFFECTIVE TIME") in the manner provided in Section
323 of the Israeli Companies Law.   1.4 ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION. At the
Effective Time, the Articles of Association of Company shall be the Articles
of Association of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended in
accordance with the Israeli Companies Law and such Articles of
Association.   1.5 DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS. The initial directors of the
Surviving Corporation shall be the directors of Merger Sub immediately prior
to the Effective Time, each to hold office in accordance with the Articles
of Association of the Surviving Corporation until their respective successors
are duly elected or appointed and qualified. The initial officers of the
Surviving Corporation shall be the officers of Merger Sub immediately prior
to the Effective Time, each to hold office in accordance with the Articles
of Association of the Surviving Corporation until their respective successors
are duly appointed.   1.6 EFFECT ON CAPITAL STOCK. Subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, at the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger
and without any action on the part of Merger Sub, Company or the holders of
any of the following securities, the following shall occur:   (a)
CONVERSION OF COMPANY SHARES. Each Ordinary Share, NIS 0.01 par  value per
share, of Company (the "COMPANY SHARES") issued and outstanding  immediately
prior to t he Effective Time, other than any Company Shares  (i) owned by
Parent or Merger Sub or any subsidiary thereof or (ii) held in  Company\'s
treasury, shall automatically be converted into and represent the  right
to   2   receive (subject to Sections 1.6(e) and (f)) 0.3065 (the
"EXCHANGE RATIO")  shares of Common Stock, $0.0005 par value per share, of
Parent (the "PARENT  COMMON STOCK"). If any Company Shares outstanding
immediately prior to the  Effective Time are unvested or are subject to a
repurchase option, risk of  forfeiture or other condition under any
applicable restricted stock purchase  agreement or other agreement with
Company, then the shares of Parent Common  Stock issued in exchange for such
Company Shares will also be unvested and  subject to the same repurchase
option, risk of forfeiture or other  condition, and the certificates
representing such shares of Parent Common  Stock may accordingly be marked
with appropriate legends. The Company shall  take all action that may be
necessary to ensure that, from and after the  Effective Time, Parent is
entitled to exercise any such repurchase option or  other right set forth in
any such restricted stock purchase agreement or  other agreement. Upon the
issuance of any Parent Common Stock hereunder, and  consistent with, pursuant
to and subject to Parent\'s existing Preferred  Shares Rights Agreement,
dated as of September 15, 1998 (as the same may be  amended from time to
time, the "RIGHTS AGREEMENT"), between Parent and  BankBoston N.A., as rights
agent, one right issuable pursuant to the Rights  Agreement or any other
right issued in substitution thereof (a "RIGHT")  shall be issued together
with and shall attach to each share of Parent  Common Stock issued pursuant
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,  unless the Rights shall have
expired or been redeemed prior to the Effective  Time.   (b) PARENT-OWNED
STOCK. At the Effective Time, each Company Share held  in the treasury of the
Company or owned by Merger Sub, Parent or any direct  or indirect wholly-
owned subsidiary of Company or of Parent immediately  prior to the Effective
Time shall remain outstanding, shall not be exchanged  under Section 1.6(a)
and no shares of Parent Common Stock shall be delivered  with respect
thereto.   (c) STOCK OPTIONS; WARRANTS. (i) At the Effective Time, all
options to  purchase Company Shares then outstanding under Company\'s 1995
Employee Share  Ownership and Option Plan, Share Ownership and Option Plan
(2000), 2000  Share Option Plan and 2000 Non-Employee Director Stock Option
Plan  (collectively, the "COMPANY OPTION PLANS"), and all options to
purchase  Company Shares then outstanding which are not under any Company
Option Plan,  in each case whether vested or unvested, and the Company Option
Plans  themselves, shall be assumed by Parent in accordance with Section
5.11  hereof and (ii) at the Effective Time all warrants to purchase
Company  Shares then outstanding (collectively, the "COMPANY WARRANTS") shall
be  assumed by Parent in accordance with Section 5.13 hereof.   (d) CAPITAL
STOCK OF MERGER SUB. Each Ordinary Share, NIS 1.00 par  value per share, of
Merger Sub (the "MERGER SUB SHARES") issued and  outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into  one validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable Ordinary Share, NIS 0.01  par value per share,
of the Surviving Corporation. Each certificate  evidencing ownership of
Merger Sub Shares immediately prior to the Effective  Time shall, as of the
Effective Time, evidence ownership of such shares of  the Surviving
Corporation.   (e) ADJUSTMENTS TO EXCHANGE RATIO. The Exchange Ratio shall
be  adjusted to reflect appropriately the effect of any forward or reverse
stock  split, stock dividend (including any dividend or distribution of
securities  convertible into Parent Common Stock or Company Shares), cash
dividends,  reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, combination,
exchange of  shares or other like change with respect to Parent Common Stock
or Company  Shares occurring on or after the date hereof and prior to the
Effective  Time.   (f) FRACTIONAL SHARES. No fraction of a share of Parent
Common Stock  will be issued by virtue of the Merger, but in lieu thereof
each holder of  shares of Company Shares who would otherwise be entitled to a
fraction of a  share of Parent Common Stock (after aggregating all fractional
shares of  Parent Common Stock that otherwise would be received by such
holder) shall,  upon surrender of such holder\'s Certificates(s) (as defined
in  Section 1.7(c)) receive from Parent an amount of cash (rounded   3  
to the nearest whole cent), without interest, equal to the product of  (i)
such fraction, multiplied by (ii) the average closing price of one share  of
Parent Common Stock for the five (5) most recent days that Parent Common 
Stock has traded ending on the trading day ending immediately prior to the 
Effective Time, as reported on the Nasdaq National Market ("NASDAQ"). The 
parties acknowledge that payment of the cash consideration in lieu of 
issuing fractional shares was not separately bargained for consideration, 
but merely represents a mechanical rounding off for purposes of simplifying 
the corporate and accounting complexities that would otherwise be caused by 
the issuance of fractional shares.   1.7 SURRENDER OF CERTIFICATES.   (a)
EXCHANGE AGENT. Parent shall select Boston EquiServe N.A., or  another bank
or trust company reasonably acceptable to the Company, to act  as the
exchange agent (the "EXCHANGE AGENT") in the Merger.   (b) PARENT TO PROVIDE
COMMON STOCK. Promptly following the Effective  Time, Parent shall deposit
with the Exchange Agent, for exchange in  accordance with this Article I, the
shares of Parent Common Stock issuable  pursuant to Section 1.6 in exchange
for outstanding Company Shares, and cash  in an amount sufficient for payment
in lieu of fractional shares pursuant to  Section 1.6(f) and any dividends or
distributions to which holders of shares  of Company Shares may be entitled
pursuant to Section 1.7(d).   (c) EXCHANGE PROCEDURES. As soon as reasonably
practicable after the  Effective Time, Parent shall cause the Exchange Agent
to mail to each holder  of record (as of the Effective Time) of a certificate
or certificates (each,  a "CERTIFICATE and collectively, the "CERTIFICATES"),
which immediately  prior to the Effective Time represented outstanding
Company Shares whose  shares were converted into the right to receive shares
of Parent Common  Stock pursuant to Section 1.6 hereof, cash in lieu of any
fractional shares  pursuant to Section 1.6(f) hereof, and any dividends or
other distributions  pursuant to Section 1.7(d) hereof, (i) a letter of
transmittal in customary  form (which shall specify that delivery shall be
effected, and risk of loss  and title to the Certificates shall pass, only
upon delivery of the  Certificates to the Exchange Agent and (ii)
instructions for use in  effecting the surrender of the Certificates in
exchange for certificates  representing shares of Parent Common Stock, cash
in lieu of any fractional  shares pursuant to Section 1.6(f) and any
dividends or other distributions  pursuant to Section 1.7(d). Upon surrender
of Certificates for cancellation  to the Exchange Agent or to such other
agent or agents as may be appointed  by Parent, together with such letter of
transmittal, duly completed and  validly executed in accordance with the
instructions thereto, the holders of  such Certificates shall be entitled to
receive in exchange therefor  certificates representing the number of whole
shares of Parent Common Stock  into which their shares of Company Shares were
converted at the Effective  Time, payment in lieu of fractional shares which
such holders have the right  to receive pursuant to Section 1.6(f) and any
dividends or distributions  payable pursuant to Section 1.7(d), and the
Certificates so surrendered  shall forthwith be canceled. Until so
surrendered, outstanding Certificates  will be deemed from and after the
Effective Time for all corporate purposes,  subject to Section 1.7 hereof, as
to dividends and other distributions, to  evidence only the ownership of the
number of full shares of Parent Common  Stock into which such shares of
Company Shares shall have been so converted  and the right to receive an
amount in cash in lieu of the issuance of any  fractional shares in
accordance with Section 1.6(f) and any dividends or  distributions payable
pursuant to Section 1.7(d).   (d) DISTRIBUTIONS WITH RESPECT TO UNEXCHANGED
SHARES. No dividends or  other distributions declared or made after the date
of this Agreement with  respect to Parent Common Stock with a record date
after the Effective Time  will be paid to the holders of any unsurrendered
Certificates with respect  to the shares of Parent Common Stock represented
thereby until the holders  of record of such Certificates shall surrender
such Certificates. Subject to  applicable law, following surrender of any  
4   such Certificates, the Exchange Agent shall deliver to the record
holders  thereof, without interest, certificates representing whole shares of
Parent  Common Stock issued in exchange therefor along with payment in lieu
of  fractional shares pursuant to Section 1.6(f) hereof and the amount of
any  such dividends or other distributions with a record date after the
Effective  Time payable with respect to such whole shares of Parent Common
Stock.   (e) TRANSFERS OF OWNERSHIP. If certificates representing shares
of  Parent Common Stock are to be issued in a name other than that in which
the  Certificates surrendered in exchange therefor are registered, it will be
a  condition of the issuance thereof that the Certificates so surrendered
will  be properly endorsed and otherwise in proper form for transfer and that
the  persons requesting such exchange will have paid to Parent or any agent 
designated by it any transfer or other taxes required by reason of the 
issuance of certificates representing shares of Parent Common Stock in any 
name other than that of the registered holder of the Certificates 
surrendered, or established to the satisfaction of Parent or any agent 
designated by it that such tax has been paid or is not payable.   (f)
REQUIRED WITHHOLDING. Each of the Exchange Agent, Parent and the  Surviving
Corporation shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any  consideration
payable or otherwise deliverable pursuant to this Agreement to  any holder or
former holder of Company Shares such amounts as may be  required to be
deducted or withheld therefrom under the Code, the Israel Tax  Ruling (as
hereinafter defined) or under any provision of state, local or  foreign law
or any other applicable requirement. To the extent such amounts  are so
deducted or withheld, such amounts shall be treated for all purposes  under
this Agreement as having been paid to the person to whom such amounts  would
otherwise have been paid.   (g) NO LIABILITY. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in this  Section 1.7, neither the Exchange Agent, Parent, the
Surviving Corporation  nor any party hereto shall be liable to a holder of
shares of Parent Common  Stock or Company Shares for any amount properly paid
to a public official  pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat
or similar law.   1.8 COMPANY\'S TRANSFER BOOKS CLOSED; NO FURTHER OWNERSHIP
RIGHTS IN COMPANY SHARES. Upon the Effective Time, (i) the share transfer
books of the Company shall be deemed closed, and no transfer of any
certificates theretofore representing Company Shares shall thereafter be made
or consummated; and (ii) all holders of certificates representing Company
Shares that were outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall
cease to have any rights as shareholders of the Company. No further transfer
of any such Company Shares shall be made on such share transfer books after
the Effective Time. If, after the Effective Time, a valid Certificate is
presented to the Exchange Agent or to the Surviving Corporation or Parent,
such Certificate shall be canceled and shall be exchanged as provided in this
Article I. All shares of Parent Common Stock issued in accordance with the
terms hereof (including any cash paid in respect thereof pursuant to Section
1.6(f) or 1.7(d)) shall be deemed to have been issued in full satisfaction of
all rights pertaining to such shares of Company Shares.   1.9 LOST, STOLEN
OR DESTROYED CERTIFICATES. In the event that any Certificates shall have been
lost, stolen or destroyed, the Exchange Agent shall issue in exchange for
such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificates, upon the making of an affidavit
of that fact by the holder thereof, certificates representing the shares of
Parent Common Stock into which the shares of Company Shares represented by
such Certificates were converted pursuant to Section 1.6, cash for fractional
shares, if any, as may be required pursuant to Section 1.6(f) and any
dividends or distributions payable pursuant to Section 1.7(d); PROVIDED,
HOWEVER, that Parent and the Exchange Agent may, in their discretion and as a
condition precedent to the issuance of such certificates representing shares
of Parent Common Stock, cash and other distributions, require the owner of
such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificates to deliver a bond in such sum as
it may reasonably direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made
against Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent with respect
to the Certificates alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed.   5  
1.10 CERTAIN TAX AND ACCOUNTING CONSEQUENCES.   (a) It is intended by the
parties hereto that the Merger shall  constitute a reorganization within the
meaning of Section 368 of the Code.  The parties hereto adopt this Agreement
as a "plan of reorganization" within  the meaning of Sections 1.368-2(g) and
1.368-3(a) of the United States  Income Tax Regulations.   (b) It is
intended by the parties hereto that the Merger shall be  treated as a
"pooling of interests" for accounting purposes.   1.11 TAKING OF NECESSARY
ACTION; FURTHER ACTION. If, at any time after the Effective Time, any further
action is necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of this Agreement
and to vest the Surviving Corporation with full right, title and possession
to all assets, property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of Company
and Merger Sub, the officers and directors of Company and Merger Sub will
take all such lawful and necessary action.   ARTICLE II  REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF COMPANY   The Company represents and warrants to Parent
and Merger Sub, subject to such exceptions as are specifically disclosed in
writing (with reference to a specific section of this Agreement to which each
exception applies) in a disclosure letter supplied by the Company to Parent,
dated as of the date hereof and signed by a duly authorized officer of
Company (the "COMPANY DISCLOSURE LETTER"), which disclosure shall provide an
exception to or otherwise qualify or respond to the representations or
warranties of the Company specifically referred to in such disclosure and any
other representation or warranty of the Company to the extent that it is
reasonably apparent from such disclosure that such disclosure is applicable
to such other representation or warranty, as follows:   2.1 ORGANIZATION
AND QUALIFICATION; SUBSIDIARIES.   (a) Except as set forth in Section 2.1(a)
of the Company Disclosure  Letter, each of the Company and its subsidiaries
is a corporation duly  organized and validly existing and, where applicable,
in good standing,  under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation
and has the  requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease and
operate its assets  and properties and to carry on its business as it is now
being conducted.  Each of the Company and its subsidiaries is in possession
of all franchises,  grants, authorizations, licenses, permits, easements,
consents,  certificates, approvals and orders ("APPROVALS") necessary to own,
lease and  operate the properties it purports to own, operate or lease and to
carry on  its business as it is now being conducted, except where the failure
to have  such Approvals would not, individually or in the aggregate, be
material to  the Company. Each of the Company and its subsidiaries is duly
qualified or  licensed as a foreign corporation to do business, and, where
applicable is  in good standing, in each jurisdiction where the character of
the properties  owned, leased or operated by it or the nature of its
activities makes such  qualification or licensing necessary, except for such
failures to be so duly  qualified or licensed and in good standing that would
not, either  individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have
a Material  Adverse Effect on the Company.   (b) Section 2.1(b) of the
Company Disclosure Letter lists each of the  Company\'s subsidiaries, the
jurisdiction of incorporation of each such  subsidiary, and the Company\'s
equity interest therein. Except as set forth  in Section 2.1(b) of the
Company Disclosure Letter, neither Company nor any  of its subsidiaries has
agreed nor is obligated to make nor is bound by any  written or oral
agreement, contract, subcontract, lease, binding  understanding, instrument,
note, option, warranty, purchase order, license,  sublicense, insurance
policy, benefit plan, commitment or undertaking of any  nature, as of the
date hereof or as may hereafter be in effect (a  "CONTRACT") under which it
may become obligated to make, any future  investment in or capital
contribution to any other entity. Other than   6   Company\'s interests in
its subsidiaries, and except as set forth in  Section 2.1(b) of the Company
Disclosure Letter, neither Company nor any of  its subsidiaries directly or
indirectly owns any equity or similar interest  in or any interest
convertible, exchangeable or exercisable for, any equity  or similar interest
in, any corporation, partnership, joint venture or other  business,
association or entity.   2.2 MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION; ARTICLES OF
ASSOCIATION. Company has previously furnished to Parent a complete and
correct copy of its Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association as
amended to the date of this Agreement (together, the "COMPANY CHARTER
DOCUMENTS"). Such Company Charter Documents and equivalent organizational
documents of each of its subsidiaries are in full force and effect. Except as
set forth in Section 2.2 of the Company Disclosure Letter Company is not in
violation of any of the provisions of the Company Charter Documents, and no
subsidiary of Company is in violation of its equivalent organizational
documents.   2.3 CAPITALIZATION.   (a) The registered (authorized) share
capital of Company consists of  50,000,000 Ordinary Shares, NIS 0.01 par
value per share, and 5,000,000  Preferred Shares ("COMPANY PREFERRED
SHARES"). As of the close of business  on December 4, 2000, (i) 20,557,474
Company Shares were issued and  outstanding (including 245,227 shares in a
trust, the trustee of which is  Eliahu Lerner (the "Lerner Trust"), of which
99,147 Common Shares are being  held in trust on behalf of employees who have
exercised their options under  the Company\'s 1995 Employee Share Ownership
and Option Plan, all of which  were validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable; (ii) no Company Shares  were held in treasury by Company or by
subsidiaries of Company;  (iii) 2,759,898 Company Shares were reserved for
issuance upon the exercise  of options or the grant of rights to purchase
Company Shares under the  Company\'s 1995 Employee Share Ownership and Option
Plan of which options to  purchase 2,752,401 Common Shares were outstanding
under such plan (including  options to purchase 145,810 Common Shares that
will be satisfied from the  Lerner Trust (which are already outstanding)),
(iv) 750,000 Company Shares  were reserved for issuance upon the exercise of
options or the grant of the  rights to purchase Company Shares under the
Company\'s Share Ownership and  Option Plan (2000) of which options to
purchase 742,679 Common Shares were  outstanding under such plan; (v) 750,000
Company Shares were reserved for  issuance upon the exercise of options to
purchase Company Shares under the  Company\'s 2000 Share Option Plan of which
options to purchase 750,000 Common  Shares were outstanding under such plan;
(vi) 20,000 Company Shares were  reserved for issuance upon the exercise of
options to purchase Company  Shares under the Company\'s 2000 Non-Employee
Director Stock Option Plan of  which options to purchase 50,000 Common Shares
were outstanding under such  plan; (vii) 502,734 Company Shares were reserved
for issuance upon the  exercise of outstanding options to purchase Company
Shares granted outside  of the Company Option Plans; (viii) and 137,061
Company Shares were reserved  for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding
warrants to purchase Company  Shares. As of the date hereof, no Company
Preferred Shares were issued or  outstanding. As of the date hereof, other
than as set forth above, Company  has no other securities authorized,
reserved for issuance, issued or  outstanding.   (b) Section 2.3(b) of the
Company Disclosure Letter sets forth the  following information with respect
to each Company Stock Option (as defined  in Section 5.11) outstanding as of
the date of this Agreement: (i) the name  of the optionee; (ii) the number of
Company Shares subject to such Company  Stock Option; (iii) the exercise
price of such Company Stock Option;  (iv) the date on which such Company
Stock Option was granted; and (v) the  applicable vesting schedule, including
the vesting commencement date.  Company has made available to Parent accurate
and complete copies of all  Company Option Plans, if any, pursuant to which
the Company has granted such  Company Stock Options that are currently
outstanding and the form of all  stock option agreements evidencing such
Company Stock Options. All Company  Shares subject to issuance as aforesaid
have been duly authorized and, upon  issuance on the terms and conditions
specified in the instrument pursuant to  which they are issuable, will be
validly issued, fully paid and  nonassessable. Except as set forth in  
7   Section 2.3(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter, there are no
commitments,  agreements or understandings of any character to which the
Company is bound  obligating the Company to accelerate the vesting of any
Company Stock Option  as a result of the Merger. All outstanding Company
Shares, all outstanding  Company Stock Options, and all outstanding shares of
capital stock of each  subsidiary of the Company have been issued and granted
in compliance with  (i) all laws applicable to the issuance of securities or
stock options and  (ii) all requirements set forth in applicable Contracts,
other than any  failure to comply with any such requirements that would not,
individually,  or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse  Effect on the Company.   (c) Except for securities Company owns
free and clear of all liens,  pledges, hypothecations, charges, mortgages,
security interests,  encumbrances, claims, infringements, intereferences,
options, right of first  refusals, preemptive rights, community property
interests or restrictions of  any nature (including any restriction on the
voting of any security, any  restriction on the transfer of any security or
other asset, any restriction  on the possession, exercise or transfer of any
other attribute of ownership  of any asset) directly or indirectly through
one or more subsidiaries, and  except for shares of capital stock or other
similar ownership interests of  subsidiaries of the Company that are owned by
certain nominee equity holders  as required by the applicable law of the
jurisdiction of organization of  such subsidiaries (which shares or other
interests do not materially affect  the Company\'s control of such
subsidiaries), as of the date of this  Agreement, there are no equity
securities, partnership interests or similar  ownership interests of any
class of equity security of any subsidiary of the  Company, or any security
exchangeable or convertible into or exercisable for  such equity securities,
partnership interests or similar ownership  interests, issued, reserved for
issuance or outstanding. Except as set forth  in Sections 2.3(b) and (c) of
the Company Disclosure Letter or as set forth  in Section 2.3(a) hereof,
there are no subscriptions, options, warrants,  equity securities,
partnership interests or similar ownership interests,  calls, rights
(including preemptive rights), commitments or agreements of  any character to
which Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by  which it is bound
obligating Company or any of its subsidiaries to issue,  deliver or sell, or
cause to be issued, delivered or sold, or repurchase,  redeem or otherwise
acquire, or cause the repurchase, redemption or  acquisition of, any shares
of capital stock, partnership interests or  similar ownership interests of
the Company or any of its subsidiaries or  obligating the Company or any of
its subsidiaries to grant, extend,  accelerate the vesting of or enter into
any such subscription, option,  warrant, equity security, call, right,
commitment or agreement. Except as  contemplated by this Agreement or as set
forth in Section 2.3(c) of the  Company Disclosure Letter, there are no
registration rights and there is,  except for the Company Voting Agreements,
no voting trust, proxy, rights  plan, antitakeover plan or other agreement or
understanding to which the  Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or
by which they are bound  with respect to any equity security of any class of
the Company or with  respect to any equity security, partnership interest or
similar ownership  interest of any class of any of its subsidiaries.
Shareholders of the  Company will not be entitled to dissenters\' rights
under applicable law in  connection with the Merger.   2.4 AUTHORITY
RELATIVE TO THIS AGREEMENT. Company has all necessary corporate power and
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its
obligations hereunder and, subject to obtaining the approval of
the shareholders of Company of this Agreement and the Merger, to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this
Agreement by Company and the consummation by Company of the transactions
contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary
corporate action on the part of Company and no other corporate proceedings on
the part of Company are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to
consummate the transactions so contemplated (other than, with respect to the
Merger, the approval and adoption of this Agreement and the approval of the
Merger by holders of a majority of the voting shares of Company Shares in
accordance with the Israeli Companies Law and the Company Charter Documents).
Except as set forth in Section 2.4 of the Company Disclosure Letter, this
Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Company and,
assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by Parent and Merger
Sub,   8  constitutes a legal and binding obligation of Company,
enforceable against Company in accordance with its terms except (i) as
limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and
other laws of general application affecting creditors\' rights generally and
(ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies. Assuming neither the Parent
nor Merger Sub, nor any of their respective affiliates as defined in Section
320(c) of the Israeli Companies Law, vote any shares they own, the
affirmative vote of a simple majority of the voting power of the Company
present and voting at the Company General Meeting at which a quorum is
present (the "REQUIRED COMPANY SHAREHOLDER VOTE") is the only vote of the
holders of any shares of the Company necessary to approve the Merger. The
quorum required for the Company General Meeting is two or more shareholders
who hold at least 50% of the voting rights of the issued share capital of the
Company. No vote or approval of (i) any creditor of the Company (subject to
the rights of creditors under Section 319 of the Israeli Companies Law), (ii)
any holder of any option or warrant granted by the Company, or (iii) any
shareholder of any of the Company\'s subsidiaries is necessary in order to
approve or permit the consummation of the Merger.   2.5 NO CONFLICT;
REQUIRED FILINGS AND CONSENTS.   (a) Except as set forth in Section 2.5 of
the Company Disclosure Letter,  the execution and delivery of this Agreement
by Company does not, and the  performance of this Agreement by Company shall
not, (i) conflict with or  violate the Company Charter Documents or the
equivalent organizational  documents of any of Company\'s subsidiaries, (ii)
subject to obtaining the  approval of Company\'s shareholders in favor of the
approval and adoption of  this Agreement and the approval of the Merger and
compliance with the  requirements set forth in Section 2.5(b) below, conflict
with or violate any  law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree
applicable to Company or  any of its subsidiaries or by which its or any of
their respective  properties is bound, or (iii) result in any breach of or
constitute a  default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both
would become  a default) under, or materially impair Company\'s or any of its
subsidiaries\'  rights or alter the rights or obligations of any third party
under, or give  to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration
or cancellation  of, or result in the creation of a lien or encumbrance on
any of the  properties or assets of Company or any of its subsidiaries
pursuant to, any  material note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract,
agreement, lease,  license, permit, franchise or other instrument or
obligation to which  Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by
which Company or any of  its subsidiaries or its or any of their respective
properties are bound  except to the extent such conflict, violation, breach,
default, impairment  or other effect would not in the case of clauses (ii) or
(iii) individually  or in the aggregate, (A) reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse  Effect on Company or (B) prevent or materially delay
consummation of the  Merger or otherwise prevent Company from performing its
obligations under  this Agreement.   (b) The execution and delivery of this
Agreement by Company does not,  and the performance of this Agreement by
Company shall not, require any  consent, approval, authorization or permit
of, or filing with or  notification to, any court, administrative agency,
commission, governmental  or regulatory authority, domestic or foreign (a
"GOVERNMENTAL ENTITY"),  except (i) for applicable requirements, if any, of
the Securities Act of  1933, as amended (the "SECURITIES ACT"), the
Securities Exchange Act of  1934, as amended (the "EXCHANGE ACT"), state
securities laws ("BLUE SKY  LAWS"), the pre-merger notification requirements
(the "HSR APPROVAL") of the  Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of
1976, as amended (the "HSR  ACT"), the consent of the Israeli Investment
Center of the Israeli Ministry  of Trade and Industry (the "INVESTMENT
CENTER"), the consent of the Office of  the Chief Scientist of the Israeli
Ministry of Trade and Industry ("OCS") and  the approval of the Israeli
Commissioner of Restrictive Trade Practices, if  necessary, the filing and
recordation of the Merger Proposal and  Shareholders Approval Notice and
other filings as required by Israeli  Companies Law, the exemption of the
Israel Securities Authority and of  foreign Governmental Entities and the
rules and regulations thereunder, and  the rules and regulations of the
Nasdaq, and (ii) where the failure to   9   obtain such consents,
approvals, authorizations or permits, or to make such  filings or
notifications, would not, individually or in the aggregate,  (A) reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Company or  (B) prevent or
materially delay consummation of the Merger or otherwise  prevent Company
from performing its obligations under this Agreement.   2.6 COMPLIANCE;
PERMITS.   (a) Except as set forth in Section 2.6(a) of the Company
Disclosure  Letter, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in
conflict with,  or in default or violation of, (i) any law, rule, regulation,
order,  judgment or decree applicable to the Company or any of its
subsidiaries or  by which its or any of their respective properties is bound
or (ii) any  material note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement,
lease,  license, permit, franchise or other instrument or obligation to which
the  Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or
any  of its subsidiaries or its or any of their respective properties is
bound,  except for any conflicts, defaults or violations that (individually
or in  the aggregate) would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse  Effect on the Company. No investigation or review by any
governmental or  regulatory body or authority is, to the knowledge of the
Company, pending or  threatened against the Company or its subsidiaries, nor,
to the knowledge of  the Company, has any governmental or regulatory body or
authority indicated  an intention to conduct the same, other than, in each
such case, those the  outcome of which would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be  expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company.   (b) Except as set forth in Section 2.6(b) of the Company
Disclosure  Letter, Company and its subsidiaries hold all permits, licenses,
variances,  exemptions, orders and approvals and other authorizations from
governmental  authorities which are material to the operation of the business
of Company  and its subsidiaries taken as a whole (collectively, the "COMPANY
PERMITS").  Company and its subsidiaries have been and are in compliance in
all material  respects with the terms of the Company Permits and any
conditions placed  thereon.   2.7 SEC FILINGS; FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.  
(a) Company has made available to Parent a correct and complete copy of  each
report, schedule, registration statement and definitive proxy statement 
filed by Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") since 
the filing of the Company\'s Registration Statement on Form F-1 (the
"COMPANY  SEC REPORTS"), which are all the forms, reports and documents
required to be  filed by Company with the SEC since such time. The Company
SEC Reports  (i) were prepared in accordance with the requirements of the
Securities Act  or the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and the rules and
regulations of  the SEC promulgated thereunder, and (ii) did not at the time
they were filed  (and if any Company SEC Report filed prior to the date of
this Agreement was  amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date of
this Agreement then  on the date of filing of such amendment or superseded
filing) contain any  untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact  required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
the statements  therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not  misleading. None of Company\'s subsidiaries is required to file
any reports  or other documents with the SEC.   (b) As of their respective
dates, each set of consolidated financial  statements (including, in each
case, any related notes thereto) contained in  the Company SEC Reports, (i)
complied as to form in all material respects  with the published rules and
regulations of the SEC with respect thereto,  (ii) was prepared in accordance
with United States generally accepted  accounting principles ("GAAP") applied
on a consistent basis throughout the  periods involved (except as may be
indicated in the notes thereto or, in the  case of unaudited statements, as
permitted by Form 10-Q of the Exchange Act)  and each fairly presents the
consolidated financial position of Company and  its subsidiaries at the
respective dates thereof and the consolidated  results of its operations and
cash flows for the periods   10   indicated, except that the unaudited
interim financial statements were or  are subject to normal adjustments which
were not or are not expected to be  material in amount.   (c) Company has
previously furnished to Parent a complete and correct  copy of any amendments
or modifications, which have not yet been filed with  the SEC but which are
required to be filed as of the date hereof, to  agreements, documents or
other instruments which previously had been filed  by Company with the SEC
pursuant to the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.   2.8 NO UNDISCLOSED
LIABILITIES. Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has any liabilities
(absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise) of a nature required to be
disclosed on a balance sheet or in the related notes to the consolidated
financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP which are, individually
or in the aggregate, material to the business, results of operations, assets
or financial condition of Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole,
except (i) liabilities provided for in Company\'s balance sheet as
of September 30, 2000 set forth in the Company SEC Reports or (ii)
liabilities incurred since September 30, 2000 in the ordinary course of
business, none of which is material to the business, results of operations or
financial condition of Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole.  
2.9 ABSENCE OF CERTAIN CHANGES OR EVENTS. Except as set forth in Section 2.9
of the Company Disclosure Letter, since September 30, 2000, there has not
been: (i) any Material Adverse Effect on Company, (ii) any
declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend on, or other
distribution (whether in cash, stock or property) in respect of, any of
Company\'s or any of its subsidiaries\' capital stock, or any purchase,
redemption or other acquisition by Company of any of Company\'s capital stock
or any other securities of Company or its subsidiaries or any options,
warrants, calls or rights to acquire any such shares or other securities
except for repurchases from employees following their termination pursuant to
the terms of their pre-existing stock option or purchase agreements, (iii)
any split, combination or reclassification of any of Company\'s or any of its
subsidiaries\' capital stock, (iv) any granting by Company or any of its
subsidiaries of any increase in compensation or fringe benefits, except for
normal increases of cash compensation in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice, or any payment by Company or any of
its subsidiaries of any bonus, except for bonuses made in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practice, or any granting by Company or any
of its subsidiaries of any increase in severance or termination pay or any
entry by Company or any of its subsidiaries into any currently effective
employment, severance, termination or indemnification agreement or any
agreement the benefits of which are contingent or the terms of which are
materially altered upon the occurrence of a transaction involving Company of
the nature contemplated hereby, (v) entry by Company or any of its
subsidiaries into any licensing or other agreement with regard to the
acquisition or disposition of any Intellectual Property (as defined in
Section 2.19) other than licenses in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice or any amendment or consent with respect to any
licensing agreement which has been filed or is required to be filed by
Company with the SEC, (vi) any material change by Company in its accounting
methods, principles or practices, except as required by concurrent changes in
GAAP, or (vii) any revaluation by Company of any of its assets, including,
without limitation, writing down the value of capitalized inventory or
writing off notes or accounts receivable, or (viii) any sale of assets of the
Company other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice.   2.10 ABSENCE OF LITIGATION. Except as specifically disclosed in
the Company SEC Reports as of the date hereof, there are no claims, actions,
suits or proceedings that have a reasonable likelihood of success on the
merits pending or, to the knowledge of Company, threatened (or, to the
knowledge of Company, any governmental or regulatory investigation pending or
threatened) against Company or any of its subsidiaries or any properties or
rights of Company or any of its subsidiaries, before any court, arbitrator
or administrative, governmental or regulatory authority or body, domestic
or foreign, except for those claims, actions, suits or proceedings which
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company.   11   2.11 EMPLOYEE MATTERS AND
BENEFIT PLANS.   (a) DEFINITIONS. With the exception of the definition of
"Affiliate"  set forth in Section 2.11(a)(i) below (which definition shall
apply only to  this Section 2.11), for purposes of this Agreement, the
following terms  shall have the meanings set forth below:   (i) "AFFILIATE"
shall mean any other person or entity under common  control with Company
within the meaning of Section 414(b), (c), (m) or  (o) of the Code and the
regulations issued thereunder;   (ii) "COBRA" shall mean the Consolidated
Omnibus Budget  Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended;   (iii) "CODE"
shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended;   (iv) "COMPANY
EMPLOYEE PLAN" shall mean any plan, program, policy,  practice, contract,
agreement (excluding any "Employment Agreement" as  defined below) or other
arrangement providing for compensation,  severance, termination pay, deferred
compensation, material performance  awards, stock or stock-related awards,
fringe benefits or other employee  benefits or remuneration of any kind,
whether written or unwritten or  otherwise, funded or unfunded, including
without limitation, each  "employee benefit plan," within the meaning of
Section 3(3) of ERISA  which is maintained, contributed to, or required to be
contributed to, by  Company or any Affiliate for the benefit of any Employee,
or with respect  to which Company or any Affiliate has or may have any
liability or  obligation;   (v) "DOL" shall mean the Department of
Labor;   (vi) "EMPLOYEE" shall mean any current employee, consultant or 
director of Company or any Affiliate;   (vii) "EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT" shall
mean each management, employment,  severance, consulting, relocation,
repatriation, expatriation, visas,  work permit or other agreement, contract
or understanding between Company  or any Affiliate and any Employee as to
which the Company has or may  incur material liability;   (viii) "ERISA"
shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act  of 1974, as
amended;   (ix) "FMLA" shall mean the Family Medical Leave Act of 1993, as 
amended;   (x) "INTERNATIONAL EMPLOYEE PLAN" shall mean each Company
Employee  Plan and each government-mandated plan or program that has been
adopted  or maintained by Company or any Affiliate, whether informally or 
formally, or with respect to which Company or any Affiliate will or may  have
any material liability, for the benefit of Employees who perform  services
outside the United States;   (xi) "IRS" shall mean the Internal Revenue
Service;   (xii) "MULTIEMPLOYER PLAN" shall mean any "Pension Plan" (as
defined  below) which is a "multiemployer plan," as defined in Section 3(37)
of  ERISA;   (xiii) "PENSION PLAN" shall mean each Company Employee Plan
which is an  "employee pension benefit plan," within the meaning of Section
3(2) of  ERISA.   (b) SCHEDULE. Schedule 2.11(b) contains an accurate and
complete list  of each Company Employee Plan, International Employee Plan,
and each  Employment Agreement. Company does not have any commitment to
establish any  new Company Employee Plan, International Employee Plan, or
Employment  Agreement, to modify any Company Employee Plan or Employment
Agreement  (except   12   to the extent required by law or to conform any
such Company Employee Plan  or Employment Agreement to the requirements of
any applicable law, in each  case as previously disclosed to Parent in
writing, or as required by this  Agreement), or to adopt or enter into any
Company Employee Plan,  International Employee Plan, or Employment
Agreement.   (c) DOCUMENTS. Company has provided to Parent or will provide
Parent  before the Effective Time, correct and complete copies of: (i) all
documents  embodying each Company Employee Plan, International Employee Plan,
and each  Employment Agreement including (without limitation) all amendments
thereto  and all related trust documents, administrative service agreements,
group  annuity contracts, group insurance contracts, and policies pertaining
to  fiduciary liability insurance covering the fiduciaries for each Plan; 
(ii) the most recent annual actuarial valuations, if any, prepared for each 
Company Employee Plan; (iii) the three (3) most recent annual reports (Form 
Series 5500 and all schedules and financial statements attached thereto), if 
any, required under ERISA or the Code in connection with each Company 
Employee Plan; (iv) if Company Employee Plan is funded, the most recent 
annual and periodic accounting of Company Employee Plan assets; (v) the most 
recent summary plan description together with the summary(ies) of material 
modifications thereto, if any, required under ERISA with respect to each 
Company Employee Plan; (vi) all IRS determination or opinion letters;  (vii)
all currently applicable material communications material to any  Employee or
Employees relating to any Company Employee Plan; (viii) all  currently
applicable material correspondence to or from any governmental  agency
relating to any Company Employee Plan; (ix) all current model COBRA  forms
and related notices (or such forms and notices as required under  comparable
law); (x) the three (3) most recent plan years discrimination  tests for each
Company Employee Plan; and (xi) all registration statements,  annual reports
(Form 11-K and all attachments thereto) and prospectuses  prepared in
connection with each Company Employee Plan.   (d) EMPLOYEE PLAN COMPLIANCE.
Except as set forth on  Schedule 2.11(d), (i) Company has performed in all
material respects all  obligations required to be performed by it under, is
not in default or  violation of, and has no knowledge of any default or
violation by any other  party to each Company Employee Plan, and each Company
Employee Plan has been  established and maintained in all material respects
in accordance with its  terms and in substantial compliance with all
applicable laws, statutes,  orders, rules and regulations, including but not
limited to ERISA or the  Code; (ii) each Company Employee Plan intended to
qualify under  Section 401(a) of the Code and each trust intended to qualify
under  Section 501(a) of the Code has either received a favorable
determination or  opinion letter from the IRS with respect to each such
Company Employee Plan  as to its qualified status under the Code, including
all amendments to the  Code effected by the Tax Reform Act of 1986 and
subsequent legislation, or  has remaining a period of time under applicable
Treasury regulations or IRS  pronouncements in which to apply for such a
letter and make any amendments  necessary to obtain a favorable determination
as to the qualified status of  each such Company Employee Plan; (iii) no
"prohibited transaction," within  the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code or
Sections 406 and 407 of ERISA,  and not otherwise exempt for which the
Company would incur material  liability has occurred with respect to any
Company Employee Plan;  (iv) there are no actions, suits or claims pending,
or, to the knowledge of  Company, threatened or reasonably anticipated (other
than routine claims for  benefits) against any Company Employee Plan or
against the assets of any  Company Employee Plan; (v) each Company Employee
Plan (other than any stock  option plan) can be amended, terminated or
otherwise discontinued after the  Effective Time, without material liability
to Parent, Company or any of its  Affiliates (other than for benefits accrued
to date and ordinary  administration expenses); and (vi) there are no audits,
inquiries or  proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of Company or any
Affiliates,  threatened by the IRS or DOL with respect to any Company
Employee Plan.   13   (e) PENSION PLAN. Neither Company nor any Affiliate
has ever  maintained, established, sponsored, participated in, or contributed
to, any  Pension Plan which is subject to Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of
the  Code.   (f) COLLECTIVELY BARGAINED, MULTIEMPLOYER AND MULTIPLE
EMPLOYER  PLANS. At no time has Company or any Affiliate contributed to or
been  obligated to contribute to any Multiemployer Plan. Neither Company, nor
any  Affiliate has at any time ever maintained, established, sponsored, 
participated in, or contributed to any multiple employer plan, or to any 
plan described in Section 413 of the Code.   (g) NO POST-EMPLOYMENT
OBLIGATIONS. Except as set forth in  Schedule 2.11(g), no Company Employee
Plan provides, or reflects or  represents any liability to provide retiree
health to any person for any  reason, except as may be required by COBRA or
other applicable statute, and  Company has never represented, promised or
contracted (whether in oral or  written form) to any Employee (either
individually or to Employees as a  group) or any other person that such
Employee(s) or other person would be  provided with retiree health, except to
the extent required by statute.   (h) HEALTH CARE COMPLIANCE. Neither
Company nor any Affiliate has,  prior to the Effective Time and in any
material respect, violated any of the  health care continuation requirements
of COBRA, the requirements of FMLA to  the extent applicable, the
requirements of the Health Insurance Portability  and Accountability Act of
1996, the requirements of the Women\'s Health and  Cancer Rights Act of 1998,
the requirements of the Newborns\' and Mothers\'  Health Protection Act of
1996, or any amendment to each such act, or any  similar provisions of state
law applicable to its Employees, except where  such violation would not have
a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.   (i) EFFECT OF TRANSACTION.
Except as set forth on Schedule 2.11(i),  the execution of this Agreement and
the consummation of the transactions  contemplated hereby will not (either
alone or upon the occurrence of any  additional or subsequent events)
constitute an event under any Company  Employee Plan, Employment Agreement,
trust or loan that will or may result  in any payment (whether of severance
pay or otherwise), acceleration,  forgiveness of indebtedness, vesting,
distribution, increase in benefits or  obligation to fund benefits with
respect to any Employee.   (j) EMPLOYMENT MATTERS. Company: (i) is in
compliance in all material  respects with all applicable foreign, federal,
state and local laws, rules  and regulations respecting employment,
employment practices, terms and  conditions of employment and wages and
hours, in each case, with respect to  Employees; (ii) has withheld and
reported all amounts required by law or by  agreement to be withheld and
reported with respect to wages, salaries and  other payments to Employees;
(iii) is not liable for any arrears of wages or  any taxes or any penalty for
failure to comply with any of the foregoing;  and (iv) is not liable for any
payment to any trust or other fund governed  by or maintained by or on behalf
of any governmental authority, with respect  to unemployment compensation
benefits, social security or other benefits or  obligations for Employees
(other than routine payments to be made in the  normal course of business and
consistent with past practice). To the  Company\'s knowledge, there are no
pending, threatened or reasonably  anticipated claims or actions against
Company under any worker\'s  compensation policy or long-term disability
policy.   (k) LABOR. No work stoppage or labor strike against Company is 
pending, threatened or reasonably anticipated. Company does not know of any 
activities or proceedings of any labor union to organize any Employees. 
Except as set forth in Section 2.11(k) of the Company Disclosure Letter, 
there are no actions, suits, claims, labor disputes or grievances pending, 
or, to the knowledge of Company, threatened relating to any labor, safety or 
discrimination matters involving any Employee, including, without 
limitation, charges of unfair labor practices or discrimination complaints, 
which, if adversely determined, would, individually or in the aggregate, 
result in any material liability to Company. Neither Company nor any of its 
subsidiaries has engaged in any unfair labor practices within the meaning of 
the National Labor Relations Act. Except as set forth in Section 2.11(k) of 
the   14   Company Disclosure Letter, Company is not presently, nor has it
been in the  past, a direct party to, or directly bound by, any collective
bargaining  agreement or union contract with respect to Employees and no
collective  bargaining agreement is being negotiated by Company.   (l)
INTERNATIONAL EMPLOYEE PLAN. Each International Employee Plan has  been
established, maintained and administered in substantial compliance with  its
terms and conditions and with the requirements prescribed by any and all 
statutory or regulatory laws that are applicable to such International 
Employee Plan. Furthermore, no International Employee Plan has unfunded 
liabilities, that as of the Effective Time, will not be offset by insurance 
or fully accrued. Except as required by law, no condition exists that would 
prevent Company or Parent from terminating or amending any International 
Employee Plan at any time for any reason without liability to the Company or 
its Affiliates (other than ordinary administration expenses or routine 
claims for benefits).   (m) EMPLOYEES RESIDENT IN ISRAEL. Notwithstanding
anything contained  in this Agreement to the contrary, and solely with
respect to employees of  the Company who reside in Israel ("ISRAELI
EMPLOYEES") and except as set  forth in Section 2.11(m) of the Company
Disclosure Letter: (i) the Company  is not a direct party to any collective
bargaining contract, collective  labor agreement or other contract or
arrangement with a labor union, trade  union or other organization or body
involving any of its Israeli Employees,  or is otherwise required (under any
legal requirement, under any contract or  otherwise) to provide benefits or
working conditions beyond those required  by law or pursuant to rules and
regulations thereunder (including expansion  orders of the Ministry of Labor
or Welfare) or of the Histardrut (General  Federation of Labor) or the
Coordinating Bureau of Economic Organization and  the Industrialists\'
Association. The Company has not recognized or received  a demand for
recognition from any collective bargaining representative with  respect to
any of its Israeli Employees. The Company is subject to extension  orders
(tzavei harchava) issued by the Minister of Labor and Welfare with  respect
to employment or termination thereof; (ii) all of the Israeli  Employees are
"at will" employees subject to the termination notice  provisions included in
employment agreements or applicable law;  (iii) except for the employment
agreements described in the Company  Disclosure Letter, there is no contract
between the Company and any of its  Israeli Employees or directors that
cannot be terminated by the Company upon  less than three months notice
without giving rise to a claim for damages or  compensation (except for
statutory severance pay); (iv) the Company\'s  obligations to provide
severance pay to its Israeli Employees are either  fully funded or have been
properly provided for in the Company\'s financial  statements in accordance
with Israeli GAAP; (v) except as set forth in the  Company Disclosure Letter,
the Company is not aware of any circumstance that  could give rise to any
valid claim by a current or former Israeli Employee  for compensation on
termination of employment (beyond the statutory  severance pay to which
employees are entitled); (vi) all amounts that the  Company is legally or
contractually required either (x) to deduct from its  employees\' salaries or
to transfer to such employees\' pension or provident,  life insurance,
incapacity insurance, continuing education fund or other  similar funds or
(y) to withhold from their employees\' salaries and to pay  to any
Governmental Entity as required by the Israeli Tax Ordinance or  otherwise
have, in each case, been duly deducted, transferred, withheld and  paid, and
the Company does not have any outstanding obligation to make any  such
deduction, transfer, withholding or payment (other than outstanding 
obligations in the ordinary course of business consistent with past 
practice); and (vii) the Company is in compliance in all material respects 
with all applicable legal requirements and contracts relating to employment, 
employment practices, wages, bonuses and other compensation matters and 
terms and conditions of employment related to its Israeli Employees. All 
obligations of the Company with respect to statutorily required severance 
payments have been either fully satisfied or have been funded by 
contributions to appropriate insurance funds, or have been properly provided 
for in the Company\'s financial statements in accordance with United States 
generally accepted accounting principles.   15   2.12 REGISTRATION
STATEMENT; PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS. None of the information supplied or to
be supplied by Company in writing for inclusion in (i) the registration
statement on Form S-4 to be filed with the SEC by Parent in connection with
the issuance of the Parent Common Stock in or as a result of the Merger (the
"FORM S-4") will, at the time the Form S-4 becomes effective under the
Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they are made, not misleading; and (ii) the proxy statement/prospectus
to be filed with the SEC by Parent and Company pursuant to Section 5.1(a)
hereof (the "PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS") will, at the date or dates mailed
to the shareholders of Company, at the time of the shareholders meeting of
Company (the "COMPANY GENERAL MEETING") in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they are made, not misleading. With respect to the information supplied
or to be supplied by Company in writing for inclusion in the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus only, the Proxy Statement/Prospectus will comply as to
form in all material respects with the provisions of the Exchange Act and the
rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC thereunder, and the Israeli
Companies Law and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. If at any
time prior to the Effective Time, any event relating to Company or any of its
affiliates, officers or directors should be discovered by Company which
should be set forth in an amendment to the Form S-4 or a supplement to the
Proxy Statement/Prospectus, Company shall promptly inform Parent.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Company makes no representation or warranty
with respect to any information other than the information supplied or to be
supplied by Company in writing for inclusion in the Form S-4 or the
Proxy Statement/Prospectus.   2.13 RESTRICTIONS ON BUSINESS ACTIVITIES.
Except as disclosed in Section 2.13 of the Company Disclosure Letter, there
is no agreement, commitment, judgment, injunction, order or decree binding
upon Company or its subsidiaries or to which Company or any of its
subsidiaries is a party which has or could reasonably be expected to have the
effect of prohibiting or impairing any business practice of Company or any of
its subsidiaries, any acquisition of property by Company or any of its
subsidiaries or the conduct of business by Company or any of its subsidiaries
as currently conducted.   2.14 TITLE TO PROPERTY. Neither Company nor any of
its subsidiaries owns any material real property. Company and each of its
subsidiaries have good and defensible title to, or in the case of leased
properties and assets, valid leasehold interests in, all of their material
properties and assets, free and clear of all liens, charges and encumbrances
except liens for taxes not yet due and payable and such liens or other
imperfections of title, if any, as do not materially detract from the value
of or materially interfere with the present use of the property affected
thereby; and all leases pursuant to which Company or any of its subsidiaries
lease from others material real or personal property are in good standing,
valid and effective in accordance with their respective terms, and there is
not, under any of such leases, any existing material default or event of
default of Company or any of its subsidiaries or, to Company\'s knowledge,
any other party (or any event which with notice or lapse of time, or both,
would constitute a material default and in respect of which Company
or subsidiary has not taken adequate steps to prevent such default from
occurring). All the plants, structures and equipment of Company and its
subsidiaries, except such as may be under construction, are in good operating
condition and repair, in all material respects.   2.15 TAXES.   (a)
DEFINITION OF TAXES. For purposes of this Agreement, (i) "TAX" or, 
collectively, "TAXES", means (i) any and all United States, Israeli, 
federal, provincial, state, local and foreign taxes, assessments and other 
governmental charges, duties, impositions and liabilities, including taxes 
based upon or measured by gross receipts, income, profits, sales, use and 
occupation, and value added, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, withholding, 
payroll, recapture, employment, excise and property taxes, together with all 
interest, penalties and additions imposed with respect to such amounts;  (ii)
any liability for the payment of any amounts of the type described in  clause
(i) as a result of being or   16   ceasing to be a member of an
affiliated, consolidated, combined or unitary  group for any period
(including, without limitation, any liability under  United States Treas.
Reg. Section 1.1502-6 or any comparable provision of  Israeli, foreign, state
or local law); and (iii) any liability for the  payment of any amounts of the
type described in clause (i) or (ii) as a  result of any express or implied
obligation to indemnify any other Person or  as a result of any obligations
under any agreements or arrangements with any  other Person with respect to
such amounts and including any liability for  taxes of a predecessor
entity.   (b) TAX RETURNS AND AUDITS.   (i) The Company and each of its
subsidiaries has timely filed all  United States, Israeli, federal, state,
local and foreign returns,  estimates, declarations, information statements
and reports ("RETURNS")  relating to Taxes required to be filed by Company
and each of its  subsidiaries with any Tax authority, and such Returns are
true and  correct and have been completed in accordance with applicable law.
The  Company and each of its subsidiaries have paid all Taxes shown to be
due  on such Returns.   (ii) The Company and each of its subsidiaries (A)
has paid or accrued  all Taxes it is required to pay or accrue and (B) has
withheld from each  payment made to its past or present employees, officers,
directors and  independent contractors, creditors, stockholders or other
third parties  all Taxes and other deductions required to be withheld and
has, within  the time and in the manner required by law, paid such withheld
amounts to  the proper governmental authorities.   (iii) Neither the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries has been  delinquent in the payment of
any Tax or is there any Tax deficiency  outstanding, proposed or assessed
against the Company, nor has the  Company or any of its subsidiaries executed
any waiver of any statute of  limitations on or extensions of the period for
the assessment or  collection of any Tax.   (iv) To Company\'s or any of
its subsidiaries\' knowledge, no audit or  other examination of any Return of
the Company or any of its subsidiaries  is currently in progress, nor has the
Company or any of its subsidiaries  been notified in writing of any request
for such an audit or other  examination, nor is any taxing authority
asserting, or to Company\'s or  any of its subsidiaries\' knowledge,
threatening to assert against the  Company or any of its subsidiaries any
claim for Taxes. There are no  matters relating to Taxes under discussion
between any taxing authority  and the Company or any of its subsidiaries.  
(v) No adjustment relating to any Returns filed by the Company or any  of its
subsidiaries (and no claim by a taxing authority in a jurisdiction  in which
the Company does not file Returns that the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries may be subject to taxation by such jurisdiction) has been 
proposed in writing by any Tax authority to the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries or any representative thereof.   (vi) Neither the Company nor
any of its subsidiaries has any  liability for any unpaid Taxes (whether or
not shown to be due on any  Return) which has not been accrued for or
reserved on the Company balance  sheet dated September 30, 2000 in accordance
with GAAP, whether asserted  or unasserted, contingent or otherwise, other
than any liability for  unpaid Taxes that may have accrued since September
30, 2000 in connection  with the operation of the business of the Company and
its subsidiaries in  the ordinary course.   (vii) Neither the Company nor
any of its subsidiaries (i) has ever  been a member of an affiliated group
filing a consolidated Return,  (ii) has ever been a party to any Tax sharing
or Tax allocation  agreement, arrangement or understanding and does not owe
any amount under  any such agreement, other than this Agreement, (iii) is
liable for the  Taxes of any other person under United States Treasury
Regulation  Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state, local or
foreign  law), as a transferee or successor, by contract or otherwise, and 
(iv) has ever been a party   17   to any joint venture, partnership or
other arrangement that could be  treated as a partnership for income Tax
purposes.   (viii) Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has
constituted  either a "distributing corporation" or a "controlled
corporation" in a  distribution of stock qualifying for tax-free treatment
under  Section 355 of the Code (x) in the two years prior to the date of
this  Agreement or (y) in a distribution which could otherwise constitute
part  of a "plan" or "series of related transactions" (within the meaning
of  Section 355(e) of the Code) in conjunction with the Merger.   (ix) The
Company and each of its subsidiaries are in full compliance  with all terms
and conditions of any Tax exemptions, Tax holiday or other  Tax reduction
agreement or order of a territorial or foreign government.   (x) The Company
Disclosure Letter lists each material tax incentive  granted to the Company
and its subsidiaries under the laws of the State  of Israel, the period for
which such tax incentive applies, and the  nature of such tax incentive.  
2.16 BROKERS. Except for fees payable to CIBC World Markets Corp.
("CIBC WORLD MARKETS"), a copy of the engagement letter of which has been
provided to Parent, Company has not incurred, nor will it incur, directly or
indirectly, any liability for brokerage or finders fees or agent\'s
commissions or any similar charges in connection with this Agreement or any
transaction contemplated hereby.   2.17 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.   (a) For
the purposes of this (i) Section 2.17 the term "Company" means  the Company
and/or any, each or all of its subsidiaries, as the context or  usage
permits, and (ii) this Agreement, the following terms have the  following
definitions:   "INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY" shall mean any or all of the
following  (i) works of authorship including, without limitation, computer
programs,  source code and executable code, whether embodied in software,
firmware  or otherwise, documentation, designs, files, records, data and
mask  works, (ii) inventions (whether or not patentable), improvements, and 
technology, (iii) proprietary and confidential information, trade secrets 
and know how, (iv) databases, data compilations and collections and 
technical data, (v) logos, trade names, trade dress, trademarks and  service
marks, (vi) domain names, web addresses and sites, (vii) tools,  methods and
processes, and (viii) all instantiations of the foregoing in  any form and
embodied in any media.   "INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS" shall mean any and
all worldwide,  common law and/or statutory rights in, arising out of, or
associated  therewith: (i) all United States and foreign patents and utility
models  and applications therefor and all reissues, divisions, re-
examinations,  renewals, extensions, provisionals, continuations and 
continuations-in-part thereof, and equivalent or similar rights anywhere  in
the world in inventions and discoveries including without limitation 
invention disclosures ("PATENTS"); (ii) all trade secrets and other  rights
in know how and confidential or proprietary information;  (iii) all
copyrights, copyrights registrations and applications therefor,  and mask
works and mask work registrations and applications therefor, and  all other
rights corresponding thereto ("COPYRIGHTS"); (iv) all uniform  resource
locators, e-mail and other internet addresses and domain names  and
applications and registrations therefore ("URLS"); all trade names,  logos,
common law trademarks and service marks, trademark and service  mark
registrations and applications therefor and all goodwill associated 
therewith ("TRADEMARKS"); (v) all "moral" or economic rights of authors  and
inventors, however denominated throughout the world, and (vi) any  similar,
corresponding or equivalent rights to any of the foregoing.   18  
"COMPANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY" shall mean any Intellectual Property  and
Intellectual Property Rights, including Registered Intellectual  Property
Rights that are owned by or exclusively licensed to the Company.  
"REGISTERED INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS" shall mean all United  States,
international and foreign: (i) Patents, including applications  therefor;
(ii) registered Trademarks, applications to register  Trademarks, including
intent-to-use applications, or other registrations  or applications related
to Trademarks; (iii) Copyrights registrations and  applications to register
Copyrights; and (iv) any other Intellectual  Property Right that is the
subject of an application, certificate,  filing, registration or other
document issued by, filed with, or recorded  by, any state, government or
other public legal authority at any time.   (b) Section 2.17(b) of the
Company Disclosure Letter lists all  Registered Intellectual Property Rights
owned or exclusively licensed by, or  filed in the name of, or applied for by
the Company (the "COMPANY REGISTERED  INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS") and
lists any proceedings or actions before  any court, tribunal (including the
United States Patent and Trademark Office  (the "PTO") or equivalent
authority anywhere in the world) related to any of  the Company Registered
Intellectual Property Rights or Company Intellectual  Property.   (c)
Except as set forth in Section 2.17(c) of the Company Disclosure  Letter, the
Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances that  would render any
Company Intellectual Property invalid or unenforceable.  Without limiting the
foregoing, the Company knows of no information,  materials, facts, or
circumstances, including any information or fact that  would constitute prior
art, that would render any of the Company Registered  Intellectual Property
Rights invalid or unenforceable, or would adversely  affect any pending
application for any Company Registered Intellectual  Property Right and the
Company has not misrepresented, or knowingly failed  to disclose, any facts
or circumstances in any application for any Company  Registered Intellectual
Property Right that would constitute fraud or a  misrepresentation with
respect to such application or that would otherwise  affect the validity or
enforceability of any Company Registered Intellectual  Property Right.  
(d) Each item of Company Intellectual Property, including all Company 
Registered Intellectual Property Rights listed in Section 2.17(b) of the 
Company Disclosure Letter and all Intellectual Property licensed to the 
Company, is free and clear of any Liens or other encumbrances, it being 
specified that with respect to Intellectual Property licensed to the 
Company, absense of Liens or other encumbrances refers only to those Liens 
and encumbrances of the Company. The Company is the exclusive owner or 
exclusive licensee of all Company Intellectual Property.   (e) To the extent
that any Intellectual Property has been developed or  created independently
or jointly by any person other than the Company for  which the Company has
paid, the Company has a written agreement with such  person with respect
thereto, and the Company thereby has obtained ownership  of, and is the
exclusive owner of, all such Intellectual Property and  associated
Intellectual Property Rights by operation of law or by valid  assignment.  
(f) Except as set forth in Section 2.17(f) of the Company Disclosure  Letter,
the Company Intellectual Property, technology in the public domain  and any
Commercial Software (as such term is defined in subsection  (g) below)
licensed to the Company, constitutes all the Intellectual  Property and
Intellectual Property Rights used in and/or necessary to the  conduct of the
business of the Company as it currently is conducted, or  planned to be
conducted, including, without limitation, the design,  development,
manufacture, use, import and sale of products, technology and  services
(including products, technology or services currently under 
development).   (g) Other than inbound "shrink-wrap" and similar generally
available  commercial binary code end-user or enterprise licenses
("Commercial  Software"), the Company has made available to Parent or its
counsel a copy  of all contracts, licenses and agreements to which the
Company is a party  with   19   respect to any Intellectual Property and
Intellectual Property Rights.  Except as set forth in Section 2.17(g) of the
Company Disclosure Letter, to  the knowledge of the Company, (i) all such
contracts, licenses and agreement  are in full force and effect and (ii) the
consummation of the transactions  contemplated by this Agreement will neither
violate nor result in the  material breach, modification, cancellation,
termination or suspension of  such contracts, licenses or agreements. The
Company is not in material  breach of nor has the Company failed, in any
material respect, to perform  under, any of the foregoing contracts, licenses
or agreements and, to the  Company\'s knowledge, no other party to any such
contract, license or  agreement is in breach thereof or has failed to perform
thereunder. Except  as set forth in Section 2.17(g) of the Company Disclosure
Letter, following  the Closing Date, the Surviving Corporation will be
permitted to exercise  all of Company\'s rights under such contracts, license
and agreements to the  same extent Company would have been able to had the
Merger not occurred and  without the payment of any additional amounts or
consideration other than  ongoing fees, royalties or payments which Company
would otherwise be  required to pay. No person who has licensed Intellectual
Property or  Intellectual Property Rights to the Company has ownership rights
or license  rights to improvements made by the Company in such Intellectual
Property  which has been licensed to the Company.   (h) Except (i) as set
forth in Section 2.17(h) of the Company Disclosure  Letter, (ii) for
Commercial Software, and (iii) for technology in the public  domain, to the
knowledge of the Company, (A) all Intellectual Property used  in or necessary
to the conduct of the Company\'s business as presently  conducted or
currently contemplated to be conducted by the Company was  written and
created solely by (1) employees of the Company acting within the  scope of
their employment, or (2) third parties who have validly and  irrevocably
assigned all of their rights, including Intellectual Property  Rights
therein, to the Company, or (3) third parties who have granted to the 
Company a license (sufficient for the conduct of the Company\'s business as 
presently conducted and currently contemplated to be conducted by the 
Company) to all such third party\'s Intellectual Property Rights in such 
Intellectual Property, and (B) no third party owns or has any rights to any 
of the Company Intellectual Property owned by the Company.   (i) Company has
made available to Parent or its counsel all contracts,  licenses and
agreements between the Company and any other person wherein or  whereby the
Company has agreed to, or assumed, any obligation or duty to  warrant,
indemnify, reimburse, hold harmless, guaranty or otherwise assume  or incur
any obligation or liability or provide a right of rescission with  respect to
the infringement or misappropriation by the Company or such other  person of
the Intellectual Property Rights of any person other than the  Company.  
(j) To the knowledge of the Company, the operation of the business of  the
Company as it currently is conducted or is contemplated to be conducted  by
the Company, including but not limited to the design, development, use, 
import, manufacture and sale of the products, technology or services 
(including products, technology or services currently under development) of 
the Company does not, and will not when conducted by Parent and/or Surviving 
Corporation in substantially the same manner following the Closing, infringe 
or misappropriate any Intellectual Property Right of any person or 
constitute unfair competition or trade practices under the laws of any 
jurisdiction in which the Company operates or distributes its products, and 
except as set forth in Section [2.17(j)] of the Company Disclosure Letter, 
the Company has not received notice from any person claiming that such 
operation or any act, product, technology or service (including products, 
technology or services currently under development) of the Company infringes 
or misappropriates any Intellectual Property Right of any person or 
constitutes unfair competition or trade practices under the laws of any 
jurisdiction in which the Company operates or distributes its products.  
(k) Each item of Company Registered Intellectual Property Rights is  valid
and subsisting, and all necessary registration, maintenance and  renewal fees
in connection with such Company Registered Intellectual  Property Rights have
been paid and all reasonably necessary documents and  certificates in  
20   connection with such Company Registered Intellectual Property Rights
have  been filed with the relevant patent, copyright, trademark or other 
authorities in the United States or foreign jurisdictions, as the case may 
be, for the purposes of maintaining such Company Registered Intellectual 
Property Rights. There are no actions that must be taken by the Company 
within sixty (60) days of the Closing Date, including the payment of any 
registration, maintenance or renewal fees or the filing of any responses to 
the PTO office actions, documents, applications or certificates for the 
purposes of maintaining, perfecting or preserving or renewing any Company 
Registered Intellectual Property Rights. In each case in which the Company 
has acquired ownership of any Intellectual Property from any person, the 
Company has obtained a valid and enforceable assignment sufficient to 
irrevocably transfer all rights in such Intellectual Property and the 
associated Intellectual Property Rights (including the right to seek past 
and future damages with respect thereto) to the Company.   (l) Except as set
forth in Section 2.17(l) of the Company Disclosure  Letter, to the knowedge
of the Company, there are no contracts, licenses or  agreements between the
Company and any other person with respect to Company  Intellectual Property
under which there is any dispute regarding the rights  and obligations
specified in such agreement, or performance under such  agreement including
with respect to any payments to be made or received by  the Company
thereunder.   (m) To the knowledge of the Company, no person is infringing
or  misappropriating any Company Intellectual Property.   (n) The Company
has taken all commercially reasonable steps to protect  the Company\'s rights
in confidential information and trade secrets of the  Company or as required
by any other person who has provided its confidential  information or trade
secrets to the Company. Without limiting the foregoing,  the Company has, and
enforces, a policy requiring each employee, consultant  and contractor to
execute proprietary information, confidentiality and  assignment agreements,
and all current and former employees, consultants and  contractors of the
Company have executed such an agreement, except where the  failure to do so
would not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse  Effect on the
Company. All employees of the Company have entered into a  valid and binding
written agreement with the Company assigning to the  Company all Intellectual
Property, including all accompanying Intellectual  Property Rights, created
by such employee in the scope of his or her  employment with the Company.  
(o) Except as set forth in Section 2.17(o) of the Company Disclosure  Letter,
to the knowledge of the Company, no Company Intellectual Property or  service
of the Company is subject to any proceeding or outstanding decree,  order,
judgment, agreement or stipulation that restricts in any manner the  use,
transfer or licensing thereof by the Company or may affect the  validity, use
or enforceability of such Company Intellectual Property.   (p) Except as set
forth in Section 2.17(p) of the Company Disclosure  Letter, all Company
Intellectual Property that is owned or licensed by the  Company will be fully
(subject only to non-exclusive licenses granted by the  Company with respect
thereto) transferable, alienable or licensable by  Surviving Corporation
and/or Parent without restriction and without payment  of any kind to any
third party.   (q) Except as set forth in Section 2.17(q) of the Company
Disclosure  Letter, to the knowledge of the Company, neither this Agreement
nor the  transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the
assignment to  Parent or Surviving Corporation, by operation of law or
otherwise, of any  contracts or agreements to which the Company is a party,
will result in  (i) Parent\'s or the Surviving Corporation\'s granting to any
third party any  right to or with respect to any Intellectual Property or
Intellectual  Property Right owned by, or licensed to, either of them, (ii)
either  Parent\'s or the Surviving Corporation\'s being bound by, or subject
to, any  non-compete or other restriction on the operation or scope of
their  respective businesses, or (iii) either Parent\'s or the Surviving 
Corporation\'s   21   being contractually obligated to pay any royalties
or other amounts to any  third party in excess of those payable by Parent or
Surviving Corporation,  respectively, prior to the Closing.   (r) Except as
set forth in Section 2.17(r) of the Company Disclosure  Letter, none of the
Company Intellectual Property was developed by or on  behalf of or using
grants of any Governmental Entity.   2.18 AGREEMENTS, CONTRACTS AND
COMMITMENTS. Except as set forth in Section 2.18 of the Company Disclosure
Letter, neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to or is bound
by:   (a) any employment or consulting agreement, contract or commitment
with  any officer, director, Company employee or member of Company\'s Board
of  Directors, or any service, operating or management agreement or
arrangement  with respect to any of its properties (whether leased or owned)
other than  those that are terminable by Company or any of its subsidiaries
on no more  than thirty (30) days\' notice without liability or financial
obligation to  the Company;   (b) any agreement or plan, including, without
limitation, any stock  option plan, stock appreciation right plan or stock
purchase plan, any of  the benefits of which will be increased, or the
vesting of benefits of which  will be accelerated, by the occurrence of any
of the transactions  contemplated by this Agreement or the value of any of
the benefits of which  will be calculated on the basis of any of the
transactions contemplated by  this Agreement;   (c) any agreement of
indemnification or any guaranty other than any  agreement of indemnification
entered into in connection with the sale or  license of products or services
in or the licensing of real property in the  ordinary course of business;  
(d) any agreement, contract or commitment containing any covenant  limiting
in any respect the right of Company or any of its subsidiaries to  engage in
any line of business or to compete with any person or granting any  exclusive
distribution rights;   (e) any agreement, contract or commitment currently
in force relating to  the disposition or acquisition by Company or any of its
subsidiaries after  the date of this Agreement of a material amount of assets
not in the  ordinary course of business or pursuant to which Company or any
of its  subsidiaries has any material ownership interest in any
corporation,  partnership, joint venture or other business enterprise other
than Company\'s  subsidiaries;   (f) any dealer, distributor, joint
marketing or development agreement  currently in force under which Company or
any of its subsidiaries have  continuing material obligations to jointly
market any product, technology or  service and which may not be canceled
without penalty upon notice of ninety  (90) days or less, or any material
agreement pursuant to which Company or  any of its subsidiaries have
continuing material obligations to jointly  develop any Intellectual Property
that will not be owned, in whole or in  part, by Company or any of its
subsidiaries and which may not be canceled  without penalty upon notice of
ninety (90) days or less;   (g) any agreement, contract or commitment
currently in force to license  any third party to manufacture or reproduce
any Company product, service or  technology or any agreement, contract or
commitment currently in force to  sell or distribute any Company products,
service or technology except  agreements with distributors or sales
representative in the normal course of  business cancelable without penalty
upon notice of ninety (90) days or less  and substantially in the form
previously provided to Parent;   (h) any agreement, contract or commitment
currently in force to provide  source code to any third party for any product
or technology that is  material to Company and its subsidiaries taken as a
whole;   22   (i) any mortgages, indentures, guarantees, loans or credit
agreements,  security agreements or other agreements or instruments relating
to the  borrowing of money or extension of credit other than trade payables
incurred  in the ordinary course of business;   (j) any material settlement
agreement under which the Company has  ongoing obligations; or   (k) any
other agreement, contract or commitment involving in excess of  $100,000
being paid by or to Company over the term thereof.   Neither Company nor any
of its subsidiaries, nor to Company\'s knowledge any other party to a Company
Contract (as defined below), is in material breach, violation or default
under, and neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received written
notice that it has breached, violated or defaulted under, any of the material
terms or conditions of any of the agreements, contracts or commitments to
which Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which it is bound
that are required to be disclosed in the Company Disclosure Letter (any such
agreement, contract or commitment, a "COMPANY CONTRACT") in such a manner as
would permit any other party to cancel or terminate any such
Company Contract, or would permit any other party to seek material damages or
other remedies (for any or all of such breaches, violations or defaults, in
the aggregate). Company has made available to Parent true and correct copies
of any contracts between Company and its top ten customers.   2.19
ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS.   (a) DEFINITIONS.   (i) "HAZARDOUS MATERIAL" is
any material or substance that is  prohibited or regulated by any
Environmental Law or that has been  designated by any governmental authority
to be radioactive, toxic,  hazardous or otherwise a danger to health,
reproduction or the  environment.   (ii) "ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS" are all
applicable laws, rules,  regulations, orders, treaties, statutes, and codes
promulgated by any  governmental authority which prohibit, regulate or
control any Hazardous  Material or any Hazardous Material activity,
including, without  limitation, the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation, and  Liability Act of 1980, the Resource Recovery and
Conservation Act of  1976, the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, the Clean
Air Act, the  Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, the Clean Water Act,
comparable  laws, rules, regulations, ordinances, orders, treaties, statutes,
and  codes of other governmental authorities, the regulations promulgated 
pursuant to any of the foregoing, and all amendments and modifications of 
any of the foregoing, all as amended to date.   (b) Except as set forth in
Section 2.19(b) of the Company Disclosure  Letter, neither Company nor any of
its subsidiaries is in conflict with, or  in default or violation of any
Environmental Law applicable to Company or  any of its subsidiaries or by
which its or any of their respective  properties is bound except for any
conflicts, defaults or violations that  (individually or in the aggregate)
would not, individually or in the  aggregate, reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect on the  Company.   (c) Company has not disposed
of, released, discharged or emitted any  Hazardous Materials into the soil or
groundwater at any properties owned or  leased at any time by Company, or at
any other property, or exposed any  employee or other individual to any
Hazardous Materials or any environmental  condition in such a manner as would
result in any liability or clean-up  obligation of any kind or nature to
Company. To the knowledge of Company, no  Hazardous Materials are present in,
on, or under any properties owned,  leased or used at any time by Company,
and no reasonable likelihood exists  that any Hazardous Materials will come
to be present in, on, or under any  properties owned, leased or used at any
time by Company, so as to give rise  to any liability or clean-up obligation
under any Environmental Laws.   23   2.20 OPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR.
The Board of Directors of Company has been advised by its financial advisor,
CIBC World Markets, to the effect that in its opinion, as of the date of this
Agreement, the Exchange Ratio is fair from a financial point of view to the
holders of Company Shares, and the Company will provide a copy of the written
confirmation of such opinion to Parent for informational purposes as soon as
reasonably practicable and in any event within five (5) business days of the
date thereof.   2.21 INSURANCE. Company maintains insurance policies
covering the assets, business, equipment, properties, operations, employees,
officers and directors of Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the
"INSURANCE POLICIES") which Company reasonably believes are of the type and
in amounts customarily carried by persons conducting businesses similar to
those of Company and its subsidiaries. Except as set forth in Section 2.21 of
the Company Disclosure Letter, there is no material claim by Company or any
of its subsidiaries pending under any of the material Insurance Policies as
to which coverage has been questioned, denied or disputed by the underwriters
of such policies.   2.22 BOARD APPROVAL. The Board of Directors of Company
has unanimously (i) determined that the Merger is consistent with and in
furtherance of the long-term business strategy of Company and fair to, and in
the best interests of, Company and its shareholders, and that no reasonable
concern exists that the Surviving Corporation will be unable to fulfill the
obligations of Company to its creditors, (ii) approved this Agreement, the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (iii) as
of the date hereof, determined to recommend that the shareholders of Company
adopt and approve this Agreement and approve the Merger.   2.23
INAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN STATUTES. Other than the Israeli Companies Law,
Company is not subject to any takeover law that might apply to the Merger or
any other transaction contemplated by this Agreement.   2.24 GRANTS,
INCENTIVES AND SUBSIDIES. Section 2.24 of the Company Disclosure Letter
provides a complete list of all pending and outstanding grants, incentives
and subsidies (collectively, "GRANTS") from the Government of the State of
Israel or any agency thereof, or from any foreign governmental
or administrative agency, granted to Company, including, without
limitation, (i) Approved Enterprise Status from the Investment Center and
(ii) grants from the OCS. Company has made available to Parent, prior to the
date hereof, correct copies of all documents evidencing Grants submitted by
Company and of all letters of approval, and supplements thereto, granted to
Company. Section 2.24 of the Company Disclosure Letter details all material
undertakings of Company given in connection with the Grants. Without limiting
the generality of the above, Section 2.24 of the Company Disclosure Letter
includes the aggregate amounts of each Grant, and the aggregate outstanding
obligations thereunder of Company with respect to royalties, or the
outstanding amounts to be paid by the OCS to Company and the composition of
such obligations or amount by the product or product family to which it
relates. Company is in compliance, in all material respects, with the terms
and conditions of their respective Grants and, except as disclosed in Section
2.24 of the Company Disclosure Letter hereto, have duly fulfilled, in all
material respects, all the undertakings relating thereto. Company is not
aware of any event or other set of circumstances which might lead to the
revocation or material modification of any of the Grants. Subject to
the receipt of the approvals set forth in Section 2.24 of the Company\'s
Disclosure Letter and compliance by the Surviving Corporation with the
applicable requirements and conditions, to the Company\'s knowledge, the
consummation of the Merger will not adversely affect the remaining duration
of any material tax incentive granted to the Company or require any recapture
of any previously claimed incentive, and no consent or approval of any
Governmental Entity is required, other than as contemplated by the Disclosure
Letter, prior to the consummation of the Merger in order to preserve the
entitlement of the Surviving Corporation or its subsidiaries to any such
incentive.   2.25 POOLING OF INTERESTS. Neither Company nor, to Company\'s
knowledge, any of its directors, officers or affiliates has taken any action
which would interfere with (i) Parent\'s ability to account for the Merger as
a pooling of interests or (ii) Parent\'s, Surviving Corporation\'s or
Company\'s ability to continue   24  to account for as a pooling of
interests any past acquisition by Company currently accounted for as a
pooling of interests.   ARTICLE III  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
PARENT AND MERGER SUB   Parent and Merger Sub jointly and severally
represent and warrant to the Company, subject to such exceptions as are
specifically disclosed in writing (with reference to the specific sections of
this Agreement to which each such exception applies) in the disclosure letter
supplied by Parent to the Company, dated as of the date hereof and signed by
a duly authorized officer of Parent (the "PARENT DISCLOSURE LETTER"), which
disclosure shall provide an exception to or otherwise qualify or respond to
the representations or warranties of Parent and Merger Sub specifically
referred to in such disclosure and any other representation or warranty of
Parent and Merger Sub to the extent that it is reasonably apparent from such
disclosure that such disclosure is applicable to such other representation or
warranty, as follows:   3.1 ORGANIZATION AND QUALIFICATION; SUBSIDIARIES.
Each of Parent and its subsidiaries is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing and, where applicable, in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its incorporation and has the requisite corporate power and
authority to own, lease and operate its assets and properties and to carry on
its business as it is now being conducted. Each of Parent and its
subsidiaries is in possession of all Approvals necessary to own, lease and
operate the properties it purports to own, operate or lease and to carry on
its business as it is now being conducted, except where the failure to have
such Approvals would not, individually or in the aggregate, be material to
Parent. Each of Parent and its subsidiaries is duly qualified or licensed as
a foreign corporation to do business, and, where applicable, is in good
standing, in each jurisdiction where the character of the properties owned,
leased or operated by it or the nature of its activities makes such
qualification or licensing necessary, except for such failures to be so duly
qualified or licensed and in good standing that would not,
either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on Parent. Merger Sub is a newly incorporated
Israeli corporation. Except in connection with this Agreement, Merger Sub has
not conducted any operations nor entered into any agreements, nor will it do
either prior to the Effective Time. Merger Sub has no obligations or
liabilities, either accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise, nor will it
have any such obligations or liabilities prior to the Effective Time or the
earlier termination of the Agreement.   3.2 CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
AND BYLAWS. Parent has previously furnished to Company complete and correct
copies of its Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws as amended to date
(together, the "PARENT CHARTER DOCUMENTS") and the Articles of Association of
Merger Sub. Such Parent Charter Documents and equivalent organizational
documents of each of its subsidiaries are in full force and effect. Parent is
not in violation of any of the provisions of the Parent Charter Documents,
and no subsidiary of Parent is in violation of any of its equivalent
organizational documents.   3.3 CAPITALIZATION. The authorized capital stock
of Parent consists of (i) 175,000,000 shares of Parent Common Stock, par
value $0.0005 per share, and (ii) 5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par
value $0.001 per share ("PARENT PREFERRED STOCK"). As of the close of
business on December 4, 2000, 75,540,963 shares of Parent Common Stock were
issued and outstanding. As of the date hereof, no shares of Parent Preferred
Stock were issued or outstanding. As of December 4, 2000, Parent had reserved
an aggregate of 19,177,576 shares of Parent Common Stock for issuance
pursuant to Parent\'s 1996 Stock Incentive Plan, ViaVideo 1996 Stock
Option/Stock Issuance Plan, under which options to purchase 10,076,454 shares
were outstanding, and 1,157,194 shares of Parent Common Stock were available
for issuance pursuant to the Parent Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Except as
set forth in the immediately preceding sentence, no shares of capital stock
or other equity securities of Parent are issued, reserved for issuance
or outstanding except as set forth in the Parent SEC Reports and except for
the Rights. Under the Rights Agreement, until the distribution date, (i) the
Rights will be evidenced (subject to the provisions of Section 3(b) and 3(c)
thereof) by the certificates for Parent Common Stock registered in the names
of the holders of thereof (which certificates shall also be deemed to be
Rights Certificates, as such term is defined in the Rights  
25  Agreement) and not by separate Rights Certificates and (ii) the right to
receive Rights Certificates will be transferable only in connection with the
transfer of Parent Common Stock. The authorized capital stock of Merger Sub
consists of 1,000 Ordinary Shares, NIS 1.00 par value per share, of which, as
of the date hereof, ten (10) Ordinary Shares are issued and outstanding. All
of the outstanding shares of Parent\'s and Merger Sub\'s respective capital
stock have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and
nonassessable. All shares of Parent Common Stock subject to issuance as
aforesaid, upon issuance on the terms and conditions specified in the
instruments pursuant to which they are issuable, shall, and the shares of
Parent Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the Merger will be, duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. All of the
outstanding shares of capital stock (other than directors\' qualifying
shares) of each of Parent\'s subsidiaries is duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable and all such shares (other than directors\'
qualifying shares) are owned by Parent or another subsidiary free and clear
of all security interests, liens, claims, pledges, agreements, limitations in
Parent\'s voting rights, charges or other encumbrances of any nature
whatsoever.   3.4 AUTHORITY RELATIVE TO THIS AGREEMENT. Each of Parent and
Merger Sub has all necessary corporate power and authority to execute and
deliver this Agreement, and to perform its obligations hereunder and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery
of this Agreement by Parent and by Merger Sub and the consummation by Parent
and Merger Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and
validly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Parent
and Merger Sub, and no other corporate proceedings on the part of Parent or
Merger Sub are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the
transactions so contemplated. This Agreement has been duly and validly
executed and delivered by Parent and by Merger Sub and, assuming the due
authorization, execution and delivery by Company, constitutes a legal and
binding obligation of Parent and of Merger Sub, enforceable against Parent
and Merger Sub in accordance with its terms except as limited by applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
application affecting creditors\' rights generally and (ii) as limited by
laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief
or other equitable remedies.   3.5 NO CONFLICT; REQUIRED FILINGS AND
CONSENTS.   (a) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and
Merger  Sub do not, and the performance of this Agreement by Parent and
Merger Sub  shall not, (i) conflict with or violate the Parent Charter
Documents or  equivalent organizational documents or any of Parent\'s
subsidiaries,  (ii) subject to obtaining the consents, approvals,
authorizations and  permits, and making the registrations, filings and
notifications set forth  in Section 3.5(b) below (or Section 3.5(b) of the
Parent Disclosure Letter),  conflict with or violate any law, rule,
regulation, order, judgment or  decree applicable to Parent or any of its
subsidiaries or by which it or  their respective properties are bound, or
(iii) result in any breach of or  constitute a default (or an event that with
notice or lapse of time or both  would become a default) under, or impair
Parent\'s or any such subsidiary\'s  rights or alter the rights or
obligations of any third party under, or give  to others any rights of
termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation  of, or result in the
creation of a lien or encumbrance on any of the  properties or assets of
Parent or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to, any  material note, bond,
mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement, lease,  license, permit, franchise
or other instrument or obligation to which Parent  or any of its subsidiaries
is a party or by which Parent or any of its  subsidiaries or its or any of
their respective properties are bound, except  to the extent such conflict,
violation, breach, default, impairment or other  effect could not in the case
of clauses (ii) or (iii) individually or in the  aggregate, (A) reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on  Parent or (B) prevent or
materially delay consummation of the Merger or  otherwise prevent Parent or
Merger Sub from performing its obligation under  this Agreement.   (b) The
execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Merger  Sub do not,
and the performance of this Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub  shall not,
require any consent, approval, authorization or permit of, or  filing with or
notification to, any Governmental Entity except (i) for   26   applicable
requirements, if any, of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act,  Blue Sky
Laws, the pre-merger notification requirements of the HSR Act and  of foreign
governmental entities and the rules and regulations thereunder,  the rules
and regulations of Nasdaq, (ii) filings with the Investment  Center, (iii)
consent of the OCS, (iv) consent or any approval of the  Israeli Commissioner
of Restrictive Trade Practices, if necessary, (v) the  Israeli Securities
exemption as defined in Section 5.5 and (vi) where the  failure to obtain
such consents, approvals, authorizations or permits, or to  make such filings
or notifications, would not, individually or in the  aggregate, (A)
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on  Parent or (B)
would not prevent or materially delay consummation of the  Merger or
otherwise prevent Parent or Merger Sub from performing its  obligations under
this Agreement.   3.6 SEC FILINGS; FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.   (a) Parent has
made available to Company a correct and complete copy of  each report,
schedule, registration statement and definitive proxy statement  filed by
Parent with the SEC on or after December 31, 1999 and prior to the  date of
this Agreement (the "PARENT SEC REPORTS"), which are all the forms,  reports
and documents required to be filed by Parent with the SEC since such  date.
The Parent SEC Reports (i) were prepared in accordance with the  requirements
of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as the case may be,  and (ii) did
not at the time they were filed (and if any Parent SEC Report  filed prior to
the date of this Agreement was amended or superseded by a  filing prior to
the date of this Agreement, then on the date of such  amendment or superceded
filing) contain any untrue statement of a material  fact or omit to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or  necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in light of the  circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. None of Parent\'s  subsidiaries is required to file any
reports or other documents with the  SEC.   (b) At their respective dates,
each set of consolidated financial  statements (including, in each case, any
related notes thereto) contained in  the Parent SEC Reports was prepared in
accordance with GAAP applied on a  consistent basis throughout the periods
involved (except as may be indicated  in the notes thereto or, in the case of
unaudited statements, as permitted  by Form 10-Q of the Exchange Act) and
each fairly presents the consolidated  financial position of Parent and its
subsidiaries at the respective dates  thereof and the consolidated results of
its operations and cash flows for  the periods indicated, except that the
unaudited interim financial  statements were or are subject to normal
adjustments which were not or are  not expected to be material in amount.  
(c) Parent has previously furnished to Company a complete and correct  copy
of any amendments or modifications, which have not yet been filed with  the
SEC but which are required to be filed as of the date hereof, to  agreements,
documents or other instruments which previously had been filed  by Parent
with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.   3.7 NO
UNDISCLOSED LIABILITIES. Neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries has any
liabilities (absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise) of a nature required
to be disclosed on a balance sheet or in the related notes to
the consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP which
are, individually or in the aggregate, material to the business, results
of operations or financial condition of Parent and its subsidiaries taken as
a whole, except (i) liabilities provided for in Parent\'s balance sheet as
of September 30, 2000 or (ii) liabilities incurred since September 30, 2000
in the ordinary course of business, none of which is material to the
business, results of operations or financial condition of Parent and its
subsidiaries, taken as a whole.   3.8 ABSENCE OF LITIGATION. Except as
specifically disclosed in the Parent SEC Reports as of the date hereof, there
are no claims, actions, suits or proceedings that have a reasonable
likelihood of success on the merits pending or, to the knowledge of Parent,
threatened (or to the knowledge of Parent, any governmental or regulatory
investigation pending or threatened) against Parent or any property or rights
of Parent or any of its subsidiaries, before any court, arbitrator or
administrative, governmental or   27  regulatory authority or body,
domestic or foreign, except for those claims, actions, suits or proceedings
which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.   3.9 REGISTRATION STATEMENT;
PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS. None of the information supplied or to be
supplied by Parent for inclusion or incorporation by reference in (i) the
Form S-4 will, at the time the Form S-4 becomes effective under the
Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they are made, not misleading; and (ii) the Proxy Statement/Prospectus will,
at the date or dates mailed to the shareholders of Company, at the time of
the Company General Meeting and as of the Effective Time, contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. The
Form S-4 and the Proxy Statement/Prospectus will comply as to form in all
material respects with the provisions of the Securities Act and the rules and
regulations promulgated by the SEC thereunder. If at any time prior to the
Effective Time, any event relating to Parent or any of its
affiliates, officers or directors should be discovered by Parent which should
be set forth in any amendment to the S-4 or a supplement to the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus, Parent shall inform Company as soon as reasonably
practicable after such discovery. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither
Parent nor Merger Sub makes any representation or warranty with respect to
any information supplied by the Company which is contained in any of the
foregoing documents.   3.10 POOLING OF INTERESTS. Neither Parent nor, to
Parent\'s knowledge, any of its directors, officers or affiliates has taken
any action which would interfere with Parent\'s ability to account for the
Merger as a pooling of interests.   3.11 COMPLIANCE; PERMITS.   (a)
Except as set forth in Section 3.11(a) of the Parent Disclosure  Letter,
neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries is in conflict with, or  in
default or violation of, (i) any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment  or
decree applicable to Parent or any of its subsidiaries or by which its or 
any of their respective properties is bound, or (ii) any material note, 
bond, mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement, lease, license, permit, 
franchise or other instrument or obligation to which Parent or any of its 
subsidiaries is a party or by which Parent or any of its subsidiaries or its 
or any of their respective properties is bound, except for any conflicts, 
defaults or violations that (individually or in the aggregate) would not 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent. No 
investigation or review by any governmental or regulatory body or authority 
is, to the knowledge of Parent, pending or threatened against Parent or its 
subsidiaries, nor to the knowledge of Parent has any governmental or 
regulatory body or authority indicated an intention to conduct the same, 
other than, in each such case, those the outcome of which would not, 
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material 
Adverse Effect on Parent.   (b) Except as set forth in Section 3.11(a) of
the Parent Disclosure  Letter, Parent and its subsidiaries hold all permits,
licenses, variances,  exemptions, orders and approvals and other
authorizations from governmental  authorities which are material to the
operation of the business of Parent  and its subsidiaries taken as a whole
(collectively, the "PARENT PERMITS").  Parent and its subsidiaries have been
and are in compliance in all material  respects with the terms of the Parent
Permits and any conditions placed  thereon.   3.12 NO PRIOR ACTIVITIES.
Except for obligations incurred in connection with its incorporation or
organization or the negotiation and consummation of this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby, Merger Sub has neither incurred any
obligation or liability nor engaged in any business or activity of any type
or kind or entered into any Agreement or arrangement with any person.   3.13
OBLIGATIONS TO CREDITORS. Parent and Merger Sub intend that the Surviving
Corporation be able to fulfill the obligations of Company and Merger Sub to
creditors on an ongoing basis following the   28  Closing and do not
intend to take any action following the Closing which would impair the
ability of the Surviving Corporation to fulfill such obligations.   ARTICLE
IV  CONDUCT PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE TIME   4.1 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS BY
COMPANY. Except as contemplated by this Agreement, disclosed in Section 4.1
of the Company Disclosure Letter or consented to by Parent in writing, during
the period from the date of this Agreement and continuing until the earlier
of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to its terms or the Effective
Time, Company and each of its subsidiaries shall, carry on its business in
the usual, regular and ordinary course in substantially the same manner as
heretofore conducted and in material compliance with all applicable laws and
regulations, pay its debts and Taxes when due subject to good faith disputes
over such debts or Taxes, pay or perform other material obligations when due,
commence and diligently pursue the preparation of (together with its
independent public accountants) the audit of its financial statements as of
and for the year ended December 31, 2000, and use its commercially reasonable
efforts consistent with past practices and policies to (i) preserve intact
its present business organization, (ii) keep available the services of its
present officers and employees and (iii) preserve its relationships with
customers, suppliers, distributors, licensors, licensees and others with
which it has significant business dealings. In addition, Company will
promptly notify Parent of any material event involving its business
or operations.   In addition, except as permitted by the terms of this
Agreement and except as provided in Section 4.1 of the Company Disclosure
Letter, without the prior written consent of Parent, (which consent, or
refusal thereof, shall not be unreasonably delayed and, in the case of
subsections (m), (r) and (t), which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld) during the period from the date of this Agreement and continuing
until the earlier of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to its terms
or the Effective Time, Company shall not do any of the following and shall
not permit its subsidiaries to do any of the following:   (a) Waive any
stock repurchase rights, accelerate, amend or change the  period of
exercisability of options or restricted stock, or reprice options  granted
under any employee, consultant, director or other stock plans or  authorize
cash payments in exchange for any options granted under any of  such
plans;   (b) Grant any severance or termination pay to any officer or
employee  except pursuant to written agreements outstanding, or written
policies  existing, on the date hereof and as previously disclosed in writing
or made  available to Parent, or adopt any new severance plan, or amend or
modify or  alter in any manner any severance plan, agreement or arrangement
existing on  the date hereof, or, except as permitted by Section 4.1(f),
grant any  equity-based compensation, whether payable in cash or stock;  
(c) Transfer or license to any person or entity or otherwise extend,  amend
or modify any rights to the Company Intellectual Property, or enter  into any
agreements or make other commitments or arrangements to grant,  transfer or
license to any person future patent rights, other than  non-exclusive
licenses granted to resellers and end users in the ordinary  course of
business consistent with past practices;   (d) Declare, set aside or pay any
dividends on or make any other  distributions (whether in cash, stock, equity
securities or property) in  respect of any capital stock or split, combine or
reclassify any capital  stock or issue or authorize the issuance of any other
securities in respect  of, in lieu of or in substitution for any capital
stock;   (e) Purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly,
any  shares of capital stock of Company or its subsidiaries, except
repurchases  of unvested shares at cost in connection with the termination of
the  employment relationship with any employee pursuant to stock option or 
purchase   29   agreements in effect on the date hereof (or any such
agreements entered into  in the ordinary course consistent with past practice
by Company with  employees hired after the date hereof);   (f) Issue,
deliver, sell, authorize, pledge or otherwise encumber or  propose any of the
foregoing with respect to any shares of capital stock or  any securities
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of  capital stock,
or subscriptions, rights, warrants or options to acquire any  shares of such
capital stock or any securities convertible into shares of  such capital
stock, or enter into other agreements or commitments of any  character
obligating it to issue any such shares or convertible securities,  other than
(x) the issuance delivery and/or sale of (i) shares of Company  Shares
pursuant to the exercise of stock options and warrants outstanding as  of the
date of this Agreement and (y) the granting of stock options to newly  hired
non-officer level employees, in the ordinary course of business and 
consistent with the Company\'s past practices after the closing of its 
initial public offering, including as to vesting schedules.   (g) Cause,
permit or propose any amendments to the Company Charter  Documents (or
similar governing instruments of any of its subsidiaries);   (h) Acquire or
agree to acquire by merging or consolidating with, or by  purchasing any
equity interest in or a portion of the assets of, or by any  other manner,
any business or any corporation, limited liability company,  general or
limited partnership, business trust, unincorporated association  or other
business organization, entity or division thereof, or otherwise  acquire or
agree to acquire all or substantially all of the assets of any of  the
foregoing, enter into any joint ventures, strategic partnerships or 
alliances;   (i) Sell, lease, license, encumber, convey, assign, sublicense
or  otherwise dispose of or transfer any properties or assets or any
interest  therein other than sales and licenses in the ordinary course of
business  consistent with past practice, except for the sale, lease or
disposition  (other than through licensing permitted by clause (c)) of
property or assets  which are not material, individually or in the aggregate,
to the business of  Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole; modify,
amend or terminate  any existing material lease, license or contract
affecting the use,  possession or operation of any such properties or assets;
grant or otherwise  create or consent to the creation of any material
easement, covenant,  restriction, assessment or charge affecting any owned
property or leased  property or any material part thereof; commit any waste
or nuisance on any  such property; or make any material changes in the
construction or condition  of any such property;   (j) Incur any
indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee any such  indebtedness of
another person, issue or sell any debt securities or  options, warrants,
calls or other rights to acquire any debt securities of  Company, enter into
any "keep well" or other agreement to maintain any  financial statement
condition or enter into any arrangement having the  economic effect of any of
the foregoing, in each case other than in  connection with the financing of
ordinary course trade payables, or the  collection of accounts receivable,
notes or commercial paper, consistent  with past practice;   (k) Adopt or
amend any Company Employee Plan; or enter into any  employment contract or
collective bargaining agreement (other than offer  letters and letter
agreements entered into in the ordinary course of  business consistent with
past practice with employees who are terminable "at  will" and who are not
officers of the Company); pay any special bonus or  special remuneration to
any director or employee; or increase the salaries  or wage rates or fringe
benefits (including rights to severance or  indemnification) of its
directors, officers, employees or consultants  except, in each case, as may
be required by law, provided, that the Company  may increase the salaries or
wage rates of non-officer level employees in  the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practices;   30   (l) (i) Pay, discharge, settle or
satisfy any litigation (whether or not  commenced prior to the date of this
Agreement) or any material claims,  liabilities or obligations (absolute,
accrued, asserted or unasserted,  contingent or otherwise), other than the
payment, discharge, settlement or  satisfaction, in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past  practice or in accordance with their terms in
existence as of the date  hereof, or (ii) waive the benefits of, agree to
modify in any manner,  terminate, release any person from or knowingly fail
to enforce any  confidentiality or similar agreement to which Company or any
of its  subsidiaries is a party or of which Company or any of its
subsidiaries is a  beneficiary;   (m) Make any individual or series of
related payments outside of the  ordinary course of business in excess of
$100,000;   (n) Modify, amend or terminate any material contract or
agreement to  which Company or any subsidiary thereof is a party or waive,
delay the  exercise of, release or assign any material rights or claims
thereunder;   (o) Except as required by GAAP, revalue any of its assets or
make any  change in accounting methods, principles or practices;   (p)
Enter into, renew or modify any contracts, agreements or obligations 
relating to the distribution, sale, license or marketing by third parties of 
the products of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or products licensed 
by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, other than nonexclusive 
contracts, agreements or arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of 
business that can be terminated or cancelled by the Company without penalty 
or further payment and without more than 60 days\' notice;   (q) Engage in
any action with the intent to, directly or indirectly,  adversely impact or
materially delay the consummation of the Merger or any  of the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement; or   (r) Hire any officer, or
hire any non-officer level employee with an  annual compensation level in
excess of $250,000;   (s) Other than (i) fees payable to pursuant to the
engagement letter  referred to in Section 2.16 hereof and (ii) fees payable
to legal,  accounting and other professional service advisors as disclosed
in  Section 4.1(s) of the Company Disclosure Letter, make any individual or 
series of related payments outside of the ordinary course of business 
(including payments to legal, accounting or other professional service 
advisors) in excess of $250,000 in the aggregate;   (t) Incur or enter into
any agreement, contract or commitment requiring  Company or any of its
subsidiaries to pay in excess of $500,000 over the  term of such agreement,
contract or commitment, other than for the purchase  of inventory or raw
materials in the ordinary course of business;   (u) Engage in any action
that could reasonably be expected to (i) cause  the Merger to fail to qualify
as a "reorganization" under Section 368(a) of  the Code or (ii) interfere
with Parent\'s ability to account for the Merger  as a pooling of interests,
whether or not (in each case) otherwise permitted  by the provisions of this
Article IV;   (v) Make any Tax election or accounting method change
inconsistent with  past practice that, individually or in the aggregate, is
reasonably likely  to adversely affect in any material respect the Tax
liability or Tax  attributes of Company or any of its subsidiaries, settle or
compromise any  material Tax liability or consent to any extension or waiver
of any  limitation period with respect to Taxes;   (w) Agree in writing or
otherwise to take any of the actions described  in Section 4.1(a) through (v)
above.   31   4.2 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS BY PARENT. During the period from
the date of this Agreement and continuing until the earlier of the
termination of this Agreement pursuant to its terms or the Effective Time,
except as permitted by the terms of this Agreement and except as provided in
Section 4.2 of the Parent Disclosure Letter, without the prior written
consent of Company (which consent, or refusal thereof, shall not be
unreasonably delayed), Parent shall not do any of the following and shall not
permit its subsidiaries to do any of the following:   (a) Declare, set aside
or pay any dividends on or make any other  distributions (whether in cash,
stock, equity securities or property) in  respect of any capital stock or
split, combine or reclassify any capital  stock or issue or authorize the
issuance of any other securities in respect  of, in lieu of or in
substitution for any capital stock, unless the Exchange  Ratio shall be
appropriately adjusted pursuant to Section 1.6(d) hereof;   (b) Engage in
any action with the intent to, or which would, directly or  indirectly,
adversely impact or materially delay the consummation of the  Merger;   (c)
Engage in any action that could reasonably be expected to (i) cause  the
Merger to fail to qualify as a "reorganization" under Section 368(a) of  the
Code or (ii) interfere with Parent\'s ability to account for the Merger  as a
pooling of interests; or   (d) Agree in writing or otherwise to take any of
the actions described  in Section 4.2(a) through (c) above.   ARTICLE V 
ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS   5.1 PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS; REGISTRATION
STATEMENT.   (a) As promptly as practicable after the execution and delivery
of this  Agreement, Company and Parent shall prepare and file with the SEC
the Proxy  Statement/Prospectus, and Parent shall prepare and file with the
SEC the  Form S-4, in which the Proxy Statement/Prospectus will be included
as a  prospectus. Each of Company and Parent shall promptly provide to the
other  all such information concerning its business and financial statements
and  affairs as reasonably may be required or appropriate for inclusion in
the  Proxy Statement/Prospectus or the Form S-4, or in any amendments or 
supplements thereto, and to cause its counsel and auditors to cooperate with 
the other party\'s counsel and auditors in the preparation of the Proxy 
Statement/Prospectus and the Form S-4. Each of Company and Parent shall 
respond to any comments of the SEC and shall use its respective commercially 
reasonable efforts to have the Form S-4 declared or ordered effective under 
the Securities Act as promptly as practicable after such filing, and Company 
shall cause the Proxy Statement/Prospectus to be mailed to its shareholders 
at the earliest practicable time after the Form S-4 is declared or ordered 
effective by the SEC. As promptly as practicable after the date of this 
Agreement, each of Company and Parent shall prepare and file any other 
filings required to be filed by it under the Exchange Act, the Securities 
Act or any other Federal, foreign, state "blue sky" or related laws relating 
to the Merger and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the 
"OTHER FILINGS"). Each of Company and Parent shall notify the other promptly 
upon the receipt of any comments or written communication from the SEC or 
its staff or any other government officials and of any request by the SEC or 
its staff or any other government officials for amendments or supplements to 
the Form S-4, the Proxy Statement/Prospectus or any Other Filing, or for 
additional information and shall supply the other with copies of all 
correspondence between such party or any of its representatives, on the one 
hand, and the SEC or its staff or any other government officials, on the 
other hand, with respect to the Form S-4, the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, 
the Merger or any Other Filing. Parent and Company will provide reasonable 
representations to the tax counsels or other advisors who prepare the tax 
disclosure to be made in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and the   32  
Form S-4. All filings by Parent and Company with the SEC in connection with 
the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Proxy 
Statement/Prospectus, the Form S-4 and any amendment or supplement thereto, 
and all Other Filings, with the exception of proxy statements, information 
statements and periodic reports filed by Parent under the Exchange Act, 
shall be subject to the prior review of the other. Each of Company and 
Parent shall cause all documents that it is responsible for filing with the 
SEC or other regulatory authorities under this SECTION 5.1(A) to comply as 
to form and substance in all material respects with the applicable 
requirements of law and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, 
including (i) the Exchange Act, (ii) the Securities Act, (iii) the rules and 
regulations of Nasdaq and (iv) the requirements of the Israeli Companies 
Law. Whenever any event occurs which is required to be set forth in an 
amendment or supplement to the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, the Form S-4 or 
any Other Filing, Company or Parent, as the case may be, shall promptly 
inform the other of such occurrence and cooperate in filing with the SEC or 
its staff or any other government officials, and/or mailing to the 
shareholders of Company, such amendment or supplement.   (b) The Proxy
Statement/Prospectus shall include (i) the unanimous  recommendation of the
Board of Directors of Company to Company\'s  shareholders that they vote in
favor of approval of this Agreement and the  Merger, unless the Board of
Directors of Company shall have withheld,  withdrawn, amended, modified or
changed its recommendation in compliance  with Sections 5.3(c) and 5.7 of
this Agreement, and (ii) the opinion of CIBC  World Markets referred to in
SECTION 2.20 hereof; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that  the Board of Directors of
Company shall submit this Agreement to Company\'s  shareholders whether or
not at any time subsequent to the date hereof such  board determines that it
can no longer make such recommendation.   5.2 MERGER PROPOSAL. As promptly
as practicable after the execution and delivery of this Agreement, (a)
Company and Merger Sub shall cause a merger proposal (in the Hebrew language)
in the form agreed to by such parties (the "MERGER PROPOSAL") to be executed
in accordance with Section 316 of the Israeli Companies Law, (b) Company
shall call the Company General Meeting, and (c) each of the Company and
Merger Sub shall deliver the Merger Proposal to the Companies Registrar.
Company and Merger Sub shall cause a copy of the Merger Proposal to be
delivered to each of their secured creditors, if any, no later than
three days after the date on which the Merger Proposal is delivered to the
Companies Registrar and shall promptly inform their non-secured creditors of
the Merger Proposal and its contents in accordance with Section 318 of the
Israeli Companies Law and the regulations promulgated thereunder. Promptly
after Company and Merger Sub shall have complied with the preceding sentence
and with subsections (i) and (ii) below, but in any event no more than three
days following the date on which such notice was sent to the creditors,
Company and Merger Sub shall inform the Companies Registrar, in accordance
with Section 317(b) of the Companies Law, that notice was given to their
creditors under Section 318 of the Israeli Companies Law and the regulations
promulgated thereunder. In addition to the above, each of Company and, if
applicable, Merger Sub shall:   (i) Publish a notice to its creditors,
stating that a Merger Proposal  was submitted to the Companies Registrar and
that the creditors may  review the Merger Proposal at the Companies
Registrar, the Company\'s  registered offices or at such other locations as
Company shall determine,  in (A) two daily Hebrew newspapers, on the day that
the Merger Proposal  is submitted to the Companies Registrar and (B) a
popular newspaper in  the United States, no later than three business days
following the day on  which the Merger Proposal was submitted to the
Companies Registrar;   (ii) Within three business days from the date of
submitting the  Merger Proposal to the Companies Registrar, send a notice by
registered  mail to all of the substantial creditors (as such term is defined
in the  regulations promulgated under the Israeli Companies Law) that Company
is  aware of, in which it shall state that a Merger Proposal was submitted
to  the Companies   33   Registrar and that the creditors may review the
Merger Proposal at such  additional locations, if such locations were
determined in the notice  referred to in subsection (i) above; and   (iii)
If it employs 50 or more persons, send to the "workers  committee" or display
in a prominent place at the Company\'s premises, a  copy of the notice
published in a daily Hebrew newspaper (as referred to  in subsection (i)(A)
above), no later than three business days following  the day on which the
Merger Proposal was submitted to the Companies  Registrar.   5.3 COMPANY
GENERAL MEETING.   (a) Company shall take all action necessary under all
applicable legal  requirements to call (promptly after the execution and
delivery of this  Agreement), give notice of and hold a shareholders\'
meeting to vote on the  proposal to approve this Agreement and the Merger
(the "COMPANY GENERAL  MEETING"). Subject to the notice requirements of the
Israeli Companies Law  and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
and the Articles of  Association of Company, and the Form S-4 becoming
effective, the Company  General Meeting shall be held (on a date selected by
Company in consultation  with Parent) as promptly as practicable after the
date hereof. Subject to  the terms of SECTION 5.3(C) hereof, Company shall
use commercially  reasonable efforts to solicit from its shareholders proxies
in favor of the  approval of this Agreement and the Merger. Company shall
call, notice,  convene, hold and conduct the Company General Meeting and
solicit all  proxies in connection with the Company General Meeting, in
compliance in all  material respects with all applicable legal requirements,
including the  Israeli Companies Law, the Articles of Association of Company,
and the rules  of Nasdaq. In the event that Parent, or any affiliate thereof
as defined in  the Israeli Companies Law, shall cast any votes in respect of
the Merger,  Parent shall, prior to such vote, disclose to Company its
interest or its  affiliates respective interests in such shares so voted.
Company may adjourn  or postpone the Company General Meeting (i) if and to
the extent necessary  to provide any necessary supplement or amendment to the
Proxy  Statement/Prospectus to Company\'s shareholders in advance of a vote
on this  Agreement and the Merger, or (ii) if, as of the time for which the
Company  General Meeting is originally scheduled (as set forth in the Proxy 
Statement/Prospectus), there are insufficient Company Shares represented 
(either in person or by proxy) to constitute a quorum necessary to conduct 
the business of the Company General Meeting. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained in this Agreement, Company\'s obligation to call, give 
notice of, convene and hold the Company General Meeting in accordance with 
this SECTION 5.3(A) shall not be limited to or otherwise affected by the 
commencement, disclosure, announcement or submission to Company of any 
Acquisition Proposal (as defined below), or by any withholding, withdrawal, 
amendment, modification or change of the recommendation of the Board of 
Directors of Company with respect to this Agreement and/or the Merger.   (b)
Unless the Board of Directors of Company shall have withheld,  withdrawn,
amended, modified or changed its recommendation of this Agreement  and the
Merger in compliance with Section 5.3(c) hereof: (i) the Board of  Directors
of Company shall unanimously recommend that Company\'s shareholders  vote in
favor of and approve this Agreement and the Merger at the Company  General
Meeting; (ii) the Proxy Statement/Prospectus shall include a  statement to
the effect that the Board of Directors of Company has  unanimously
recommended that Company\'s shareholders vote in favor of and  approve this
Agreement and the Merger at the Company General Meeting; and  (iii) neither
the Board of Directors of Company nor any committee thereof  shall withhold,
withdraw, amend, modify, change or propose or resolve to  withhold, withdraw,
amend, modify or change, in each case in a manner  adverse to Parent, the
unanimous recommendation of the Board of Directors of  Company that
Company\'s shareholders vote in favor of and approve this  Agreement and the
Merger. For all purposes of and under this Agreement, the  foregoing
recommendation of the Board of Directors of Company shall be  deemed to have
been modified in a manner adverse to Parent if such  recommendation by the
Board of Directors of Company or any committee thereof  shall no longer be
unanimous.   34   (c) Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent the Board of
Directors of  Company from withholding, withdrawing, amending, modifying or
changing its  unanimous recommendation in favor of the approval of this
Agreement and the  Merger and recommending a Superior Proposal (as defined
below) if (i) a  Superior Proposal is made to Company and is not withdrawn,
(ii) neither  Company nor any of its representatives shall have violated the
terms of  SECTION 5.7 hereof, and (iii) the Board of Directors of Company
reasonably  concludes in good faith, after consultation with its outside
counsel, that,  in light of such Superior Proposal, the withholding,
withdrawal, amendment,  modification or changing of such recommendation and
recommending such  Superior Proposal are required in order for the Board of
Directors of  Company to comply with its fiduciary obligations under Israeli
law;  PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that prior to publicly withholding, withdrawing, 
amending, modifying or changing its recommendation in favor of the approval 
of this Agreement and the Merger, Company shall have given Parent at least 
two (2) business days prior written notice (or such lesser prior notice as 
provided to the members of Company\'s Board of Directors) thereof and the 
opportunity to meet with Company and its counsel. Nothing contained in this 
SECTION 5.3 shall limit Company\'s obligation to hold and convene the
Company  General Meeting (regardless of whether the unanimous recommendation
of the  Board of Directors of Company shall have been withheld, withdrawn,
amended,  modified or changed pursuant hereto).   (d) No later than three
days after the approval of the Merger by  Company\'s shareholders at the
Company General Meeting, Company shall (in  accordance with Section 317(b) of
the Companies Law) inform the Companies  Registrar of the decision of the
Company General Meeting with respect to the  Merger.   5.4
NOTIFICATION.   (a) Company shall give prompt notice to Parent upon becoming
aware that  any representation or warranty made by it contained in this
Agreement has  become untrue or inaccurate in any material respect, or of any
failure of  Company to comply with or satisfy in any material respect any
covenant,  condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it
under this  Agreement, in each case, such that the conditions set forth in 
Section 6.3(a) or 6.3(b) would not be satisfied; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that no 
such notification shall affect the representations, warranties, covenants or 
agreements of the parties or the conditions to the obligations of the 
parties under this Agreement.   (b) Parent shall give prompt notice to
Company upon becoming aware that  any representation or warranty made by it
or Merger Sub contained in this  Agreement has become untrue or inaccurate in
any material respect, or of any  failure of Parent or Merger Sub to comply
with or satisfy in any material  respect any covenant, condition or agreement
to be complied with or  satisfied by it under this Agreement, in each case,
such that the conditions  set forth in Section 6.2(a) or 6.2(b) would not be
satisfied; PROVIDED,  HOWEVER, that no such notification shall affect the
representations,  warranties, covenants or agreements of the parties or the
conditions to the  obligations of the parties under this Agreement.   5.5
ISRAELI APPROVALS.   (a) GOVERNMENT FILINGS. Each party to this Agreement
shall use all  commercially reasonable efforts to deliver and file, as
promptly as  practicable after the date of this Agreement, each notice,
report or other  document required to be delivered by such party to or filed
by such party  with any Israeli Governmental Entity with respect to the
Merger. Without  limiting the generality of the foregoing:   (i) as
promptly as practicable after the date of this Agreement,  Company and Parent
shall prepare and file the notifications required  under the Israeli
Restrictive Trade Practices Law in connection with the  Merger;   35  
(ii) Company and Parent shall respond as promptly as practicable to  any
inquiries or requests received from the Israeli Restrictive Trade  Practices
Commissioner for additional information or documentation; and   (iii)
Company shall use all reasonable efforts to obtain, as promptly  as
practicable after the date of this Agreement, the following consents,  and
any other consents that may be required in connection with the  Merger: (i)
approval of the OCS and (ii) approval of the Investment  Center. In this
connection, if required, Parent shall provide to the OCS  and the Investment
Center any information reasonably requested by such  authorities and shall,
without limitation of the foregoing, execute an  undertaking in customary
form in which Parent undertakes to comply with  the OCS laws and regulations
and confirm to the OCS and the Investment  Center that Company shall continue
after the Effective Time to operate in  a manner consistent with its previous
undertakings to the OCS and the  Investment Center.   (b) LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS. Each party to this Agreement shall (i) give the  other parties
prompt notice of the commencement of any legal proceeding by  or before any
Israeli Governmental Entity with respect to the Merger,  (ii) keep the other
parties informed as to the status of any such legal  proceeding and (iii)
promptly inform the other parties of any communication  to the Israeli
Restrictive Trade Practices Commissioner, the OCS, the  Investment Center,
the Israel Securities Authority, the Companies Registrar  or any other
Israeli Governmental Entity regarding the Merger or any of the  other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The parties to this  Agreement
will consult and cooperate with one another, and will consider in  good faith
the views of one another, in connection with any analysis,  appearance,
presentation, memorandum, brief, argument, opinion or proposal  made or
submitted in connection with any Israeli legal proceeding relating  to the
Merger. In addition, except as may be prohibited by any Israeli  Governmental
Entity or by any Israeli legal requirement, in connection with  any such
legal proceeding under or relating to the Israeli Restrictive Trade 
Practices Law or any other Israeli antitrust or fair trade law, each party 
hereto will permit authorized representatives of the other party to be 
present at each meeting or conference relating to any such legal proceeding 
and to have access to and be consulted in connection with any document, 
opinion or proposal made or submitted to any Israeli Governmental Entity in 
connection with any such legal proceeding.   (c) ISRAELI INCOME TAX RULING.
As soon as reasonably practicable after  the execution of this Agreement, the
Company shall cause the Company\'s  Israeli counsel, advisors and accountants
to prepare and file with the  Israeli Income Tax Commissioner an application
for a ruling: (i) deferring  any obligation to pay capital gains tax on the
exchange of the Company  Shares in the Merger until the earlier of two (2)
years after the Closing or  the date on which a shareholder sells the shares
of Parent Common Stock  received as of the Closing, and (ii) confirming that
the conversion of the  Company Options into options to purchase shares of
Parent Common Stock (the  "Assumed Options") will not result in a requirement
for an immediate Israeli  tax payment and that the Israeli taxation will be
deferred until the  exercise of the Assumed Options, or in the event of
Assumed Options which  are part of a "Section 102 Plan," until the actual
sale of the shares of  Parent Common Stock by the option holders, provided
that any ruling that is  substantially similar to the foregoing will be
sufficient to comply with the  conditions set forth in this clause and
provided further that Parent is  reasonably satisfied that, in light of such
ruling, Parent is not required  to withhold any Taxes in respect of the
issuance of Parent Common Stock to  any holder of Shares in connection with
the Merger (the "ISRAELI INCOME TAX  RULING"). Each of the Company and Parent
shall cause their respective  Israeli counsel to coordinate all activities,
and to cooperate with each  other, with respect to the preparation and filing
of such application and in  the preparation of any written or oral
submissions that may be necessary,  proper or advisable to obtain the Israeli
Income Tax Ruling. Subject to the  terms and conditions hereof, the Company
shall use reasonable best efforts  to promptly take, or cause to be taken,
all action and to do, or cause to be  done, all things necessary, proper or
advisable under applicable Law   36   to obtain the Israeli Income Tax
Rulings, or as appropriate the confirmation  referred to in Section 6.3(d),
as promptly as practicable. Notwithstanding  any provisions contained in
Section 4.1 hereof to the contrary, Company  shall be permitted to comply
with any conditions contained in the ruling  described in this Section 5.5 or
reasonable requests made by the Israeli Tax  Commissioner in connection with
its delivery of such ruling; PROVIDED,  HOWEVER, (i) that Company shall give
Parent at least three (3) days written  notice of any such conditions or
requests prior to compliance with such  conditions or requests, and (ii) that
in no event shall Company comply with  any such condition or request in the
event any such condition or request  might reasonably be expected to (A) have
a Material Adverse Effect on  Company, (B) prohibit or impair any business
practice of the Company, any  acquisition of property by the Company or any
of its subsidiaries or the  conduct of business by the Company of any of its
subsidiaries, or  (C) adversely impact or materially delay the consummation
of the Merger or  any of the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   (d) ISRAELI SECURITIES LAW EXEMPTION. As soon as reasonably 
practicable after the execution of this Agreement, Parent shall (i) prepare 
and file with the Israeli securities authority ("ISA") an application for an 
exemption from the requirements of the Israeli Securities Law, 1968 
concerning the publication of a prospectus in respect of the exchange of the 
Company Stock Options for the assumed Options, pursuant to Section 15D of 
the Securities Law of Israel and (ii) if required by the Israeli Securities 
Law, 1968, prepare and file with the ISA an application for an exemption 
from the requirements of the Israeli Securities Law, 1968 concerning the 
publication of a prospectus, or an application for a pre-ruling regarding no 
action by the ISA, in respect of the exchange of the Company Shares for the 
Parent Common Stock, and the exchange of the Company Warrants for the 
assumed Warrants (the "ISRAELI SECURITIES EXEMPTION"). Each of Parent and 
the Company shall cause their respective Israeli counsel to coordinate all 
activities, and to cooperate with each other, with respect to the 
determination of such facts as are required to assess Parent\'s obligations 
under the Israeli Securities Law, 1968, and with respect to the preparation 
and filing of such application and in the preparation of any written or oral 
submissions that may be necessary, proper or advisable to obtain the Israeli 
Securities Exemption. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, Parent 
shall use its reasonable best efforts to promptly take, or cause to be 
taken, all action and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, 
proper or advisable under applicable Law to obtain the Israeli Securities 
Exemption as promptly as practicable.   5.6 CONFIDENTIALITY; ACCESS TO
INFORMATION. The parties acknowledge that Company and Parent have previously
executed a Confidentiality Agreement, dated as of November 20, 2000 (the
"CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT"), which Confidentiality Agreement will continue
in full force and effect in accordance with its terms except as otherwise
provided herein. Each of Parent and Company will afford the other party and
the other party\'s accountants, counsel and other representatives reasonable
access during normal business hours, upon reasonable notice, to
its properties, books, records and personnel during the period prior to
the Effective Time to obtain all information concerning the business,
including, without limitation, the status of product development efforts,
properties, results of operations and personnel, as the other may reasonably
request. Each of the parties hereto will hold, and will cause its
accountants, counsel and other representatives to hold, in confidence all
documents and information furnished to it by or on behalf another party to
this Agreement in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement pursuant to the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement. No
information or knowledge obtained by a party in any investigation pursuant to
this Section 5.6 will affect or be deemed to modify any representation or
warranty contained herein or the conditions to the obligations of the parties
to consummate the Merger.   5.7 NO SOLICITATION.   (a) From and after the
date of this Agreement until the earlier to occur  of the Effective Time or
termination of this Agreement pursuant to  Article VII, Company and its
subsidiaries will not, nor will they authorize  or permit any of their
respective officers, directors, affiliates or  employees or any investment
banker, attorney or other advisor or  representative retained by any of them
to, directly or   37   indirectly, (i) solicit, initiate, or take any
action intended to encourage  or induce the making, submission or
announcement of any Acquisition Proposal  (as defined below), (ii) engage or
participate in any discussions or  negotiations with any person regarding, or
furnish to any person any  information with respect to, or take any other
action intended to facilitate  any inquiries or the making of any proposal
that constitutes or may  reasonably be expected to lead to, any Acquisition
Proposal, (iii) approve,  endorse or recommend any Acquisition Proposal
without complying with  Section 5.3(c) or (iv) enter into any letter of
intent or similar document  or any contract, agreement or commitment
contemplating or otherwise relating  to any Acquisition Transaction (as
defined below); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that  prior to the approval of this
Agreement and the Merger by the requisite vote  of the shareholders of
Company, nothing contained in this Agreement shall  prohibit the Board of
Directors of Company from (i) complying with  Rule 14d-9 or 14e-2(a)
promulgated under the Exchange Act or Section 329 of  the Israeli Companies
Law with regard to a tender or exchange offer or  (ii) in response to an
unsolicited, bona fide written Acquisition Proposal  that is not withdrawn
and that Company\'s Board of Directors reasonably  concludes constitutes a
Superior Proposal (as defined below), engaging or  participating in
discussions or negotiations with and furnishing information  to the person
making such Acquisition Proposal if (A) the Board of Directors  of the
Company determines in good faith after consultation with its outside  legal
counsel that that such action is required in order for the Board of 
Directors of Company to comply with its fiduciary obligations under Israeli 
law, (B) (x) at least two (2) days prior to furnishing any such information 
to, or entering into discussions or negotiations with, such party, Company 
gives Parent written notice of the identity of such person or group and of 
Company\'s intention to furnish information to, or enter into discussions or 
negotiations with, such party and (y) Company receives from such party an 
executed confidentiality agreement at least as restrictive (after giving 
effect to Section 7.2 hereof) as the Confidentiality Agreement, and  (C)
contemporaneously with furnishing any such information to such party, 
Company furnishes such information to Parent (to the extent such information 
has not been previously furnished by the Company to Parent). Company and its 
subsidiaries will immediately cease any and all existing activities, 
discussions or negotiations with any parties conducted heretofore with 
respect to any Acquisition Proposal. Without limiting the foregoing, it is 
understood that any violation of the restrictions set forth in this  Section
5.7 by any officer or director of Company or any of its subsidiaries  or any
investment banker or attorney of Company or any of its subsidiaries  shall be
deemed to be a breach of this Section 5.7 by Company.   For purposes of this
Agreement, (i) "ACQUISITION PROPOSAL" shall mean  any offer or proposal
(other than an offer or proposal by Parent) relating  to any Acquisition
Transaction. For the purposes of this Agreement;  (ii) "ACQUISITION
TRANSACTION" shall mean any transaction or series of  related transactions
other than the transactions contemplated by this  Agreement involving: (A)
the acquisition or purchase from the Company by any  person or "group" (as
defined under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and  the rules and
regulations thereunder) of more than a 15% interest in the  total outstanding
voting securities of the Company or any of its  subsidiaries or any tender
offer or exchange offer that if consummated would  result in any person or
"group" (as defined under Section 13(d) of the  Exchange Act and the rules
and regulations thereunder) beneficially owning  15% or more of the total
outstanding voting securities of the Company or any  of its subsidiaries or
any merger, consolidation, business combination or  similar transaction
involving the Company pursuant to which the shareholders  of the Company
immediately preceding such transaction hold less than 85% of  the equity
interests in the surviving or resulting entity of such  transaction; (B) any
sale, lease (other than in the ordinary course of  business), exchange,
transfer, license (other than in the ordinary course of  business),
acquisition or disposition of more than 15% of the assets of the  Company; or
(C) any liquidation, dissolution, recapitalization or other  significant
corporate reorganization of the Company; and (iii) "SUPERIOR  PROPOSAL" shall
mean any bona fide, unsolicited written Acquisition Proposal  involving the
acquisition of all outstanding voting securities of the  Company with respect
to which (A) if any cash consideration is involved,  shall not be subject to
any financing contingency, and with   38   respect to which Company\'s
Board of Directors shall have reasonably  determined (taking into account the
advice of Company\'s financial advisors)  that the acquiring party is capable
of consummating the proposed Acquisition  Transaction on the terms proposed,
and (B) Company\'s Board of Directors  shall have reasonably and in good
faith determined that the proposed  Acquisition Transaction provides greater
value to the shareholders of  Company than the Merger (taking into account
the advice of Company\'s  financial advisors).   (b) In addition to the
obligations of Company set forth in  paragraph (a) of this Section 5.7,
Company as promptly as practicable, and  in any event within 24 hours, shall
advise Parent orally and in writing of  (i) any request for information which
Company reasonably believes would lead  to an Acquisition Proposal, or (ii)
the receipt of any Acquisition Proposal,  or any inquiry with respect to or
which Company reasonably believes would  lead to any Acquisition Proposal;
(iii) the material terms and conditions of  such request, Acquisition
Proposal or inquiry; and (iv) the identity of the  person or group making any
such request, Acquisition Proposal or inquiry.  Company shall keep Parent
informed in all material respects of the status  and details (including
material amendments or proposed amendments) of any  such request, Acquisition
Proposal or inquiry. In addition to the foregoing,  Company shall (i) provide
Parent with at least 48 hours prior notice (or  such lesser prior notice as
provided to the members of Company\'s Board of  Directors but in no event
less than eight hours) of any meeting of Company\'s  Board of Directors at
which Company\'s Board of Directors is reasonably  expected to consider an
Acquisition Proposal and (ii) provide Parent with at  least one (1) business
day prior written notice of a meeting of Company\'s  Board of Directors at
which Company\'s Board of Directors is reasonably  expected to recommend a
Superior Proposal to its shareholders and together  with such notice a copy
of the definitive documentation relating to such  Superior Proposal.   5.8
PUBLIC DISCLOSURE. Parent and Company will consult with each other, and to
the extent practicable, agree, before issuing any press release or otherwise
making any public statement with respect to the Merger, this Agreement or an
Acquisition Proposal and will not issue any such press release or make
any such public statement prior to such consultation, except as may be
required by law or any listing agreement with a national securities exchange
or quotation system (including Nasdaq), in which case reasonable efforts to
consult with the other party will be made prior to any such release or public
statement. The parties have agreed to the text of the joint press release
announcing the signing of this Agreement.   5.9 COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE
EFFORTS; REGULATORY FILINGS.   (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement,  each of the parties shall use all commercially
reasonable efforts to take,  or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or
cause to be done, and to  assist and cooperate with the other parties in
doing, all things necessary,  proper or advisable to consummate and make
effective, as soon as reasonably  practicable, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this  Agreement, including using commercially
reasonable efforts to accomplish the  following: (i) causing the conditions
precedent set forth in Article VI to  be satisfied, (ii) the obtaining of all
necessary actions or nonactions,  waivers, consents, approvals, orders and
authorizations from Governmental  Entities and the making of all necessary
registrations, declarations and  filings (including registrations,
declarations and filings with Governmental  Entities, if any) and the taking
of all commercially reasonable steps as may  be necessary to avoid any suit,
claim, action, investigation or proceeding  by any Governmental Entity, (iii)
the defending of any suits, claims,  actions, investigations or proceedings,
whether judicial or administrative,  challenging this Agreement or the
consummation of the transactions  contemplated hereby, including seeking to
have any stay or temporary  restraining order entered by any court or other
Governmental Entity vacated  or reversed and (iv) the execution or delivery
of any additional instruments  reasonably necessary to consummate the
transactions contemplated by, and to  fully carry out the purposes of, this
Agreement. In connection with and  without limiting the foregoing, Company
and its Board of Directors shall, if  any state takeover statute or similar
statute or regulation is or becomes  applicable to the Merger, this  
39   Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
use all  commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the Merger and the
other  transactions contemplated by this Agreement may be consummated as
promptly  as practicable on the terms contemplated by this Agreement and
otherwise to  minimize the effect of such statute or regulation on the
Merger, this  Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.
Notwithstanding anything  to the contrary contained in this Agreement,
neither Parent nor Company  shall have any obligation under this Agreement:
(i) to dispose or transfer  or cause any of its subsidiaries to dispose of or
transfer any assets, or to  commit to cause Company to dispose of any assets;
(ii) to discontinue or  cause any of its subsidiaries to discontinue offering
any product or  service, or to commit to cause Company to discontinue
offering any product  or service; (iii) to license or otherwise make
available, or cause any of  its subsidiaries to license or otherwise make
available, to any person, any  technology, software or other proprietary
asset, or to commit to cause  Company to license or otherwise make available
to any Person any technology,  software or other proprietary asset; (iv) to
hold separate or cause any of  its subsidiaries to hold separate any assets
or operations (either before or  after the Closing Date), or to commit to
cause Company to hold separate any  assets or operations; (v) to make or
cause any of its subsidiaries to make  any commitment (to any Governmental
Entity or otherwise) regarding its  future operations or the future
operations of Company; or (vi) to contest  any legal proceeding relating to
the Merger, except, in the case of any  action described in clauses (i)
through (vi) of this sentence, where such  action would not, in Parent\'s
sole good faith judgement, be reasonably  expected to be burdensome to
Parent, Company and their subsidiaries taken as  a whole, or, in the case of
any action described in clause (vi) of this  sentence, if Company determines
in good faith that contesting such legal  proceeding might not be
advisable.   (b) As soon as may be reasonably practicable, Company and
Parent each  shall file with the United States Federal Trade Commission (the
"FTC") and  the Antitrust Division of the United States Department of Justice
("DOJ")  Notification and Report Forms relating to the transactions
contemplated  herein as required by the HSR Act, as well as comparable pre-
merger  notification forms required by the merger notification or control
laws and  regulations of any applicable jurisdiction, as agreed to by the
parties.  Company and Parent each shall promptly (a) supply the other with
any  information which may be required in order to effectuate such filings
and  (b) supply any additional information which reasonably may be required
by  the FTC, the DOJ or the competition or merger control authorities of
any  other jurisdiction and which the parties may reasonably deem
appropriate;  PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that Parent shall not be required to agree
to any  divestiture by Parent or the Company or any of Parent\'s subsidiaries
or  affiliates of shares of capital stock or of any business, assets or
property  of Parent or its subsidiaries or affiliates or of the Company,
its  affiliates, or the imposition of any limitation on the ability of any
of  them to conduct their businesses or to own or exercise control of such 
assets, properties and stock which Parent, in the good faith exercise of its 
reasonable judgment, reasonably expects to be burdensome to Parent, Company 
and their subsidiaries, taken as a whole.   5.10 THIRD PARTY CONSENTS. As
soon as practicable following the date hereof, Parent and Company will each
use their respective commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any consents,
waivers and approvals under any of its or its subsidiaries\' respective
agreements, contracts, licenses or leases required to be obtained in
connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, all
of which are set forth on Section 2.5 of the Company Disclosure Letter.  
5.11 STOCK OPTIONS AND EMPLOYEE BENEFITS.   (a) STOCK OPTIONS. At the
Effective Time, each outstanding option to  purchase Company Shares (each, a
"COMPANY STOCK OPTION"), whether or not  granted under the Company Option
Plans, whether or not vested, shall by  virtue of the Merger be assumed by
Parent. Each Company Stock Option so  assumed by Parent under this Agreement
will continue to have, and be subject  to, the same terms and conditions of
such options immediately prior to the  Effective Time (including, without  
40   limitation, any repurchase rights or vesting provisions and
provisions  regarding the acceleration of vesting on certain transactions),
except that  (i) each Company Stock Option will be exercisable (or will
become  exercisable in accordance with its terms) for that number of whole
shares of  Parent Common Stock equal to the product of the number of Company
Shares  that were issuable upon exercise of such Company Stock Option
immediately  prior to the Effective Time multiplied by the Exchange Ratio,
rounded down  to the nearest whole number of shares of Parent Common Stock
and (ii) the  per share exercise price for the shares of Parent Common Stock
issuable upon  exercise of such assumed Company Stock Option will be equal to
the quotient  determined by dividing the exercise price per Company Share at
which such  Company Stock Option was exercisable immediately prior to the
Effective Time  by the Exchange Ratio, rounded up to the nearest whole cent.
Parent shall  comply with the terms of all such Company Stock Options and use
its best  efforts to ensure, to the extent required by, and subject to the
provisions  of, the Company Option Plans and permitted under the Code or
other relevant  laws and regulations that any Company Stock Options that
qualified for tax  treatment under Section 424(b) of the Code prior to the
Effective Time and  that any Company Stock Options that qualified for tax
treatment under  Section 102 of the Israel Tax Ordinance prior to the
Effective Time continue  to so qualify after the Effective Time. Parent shall
take all corporate  actions necessary to reserve for issuance a sufficient
number of shares of  Parent Common Stock for delivery upon exercise of all
Company Stock Options  on the terms set forth in this Section 5.11(a).  
(b) 401(K) PLAN. Company shall terminate, effective as of the day 
immediately preceding the Effective Time, any and all 401(k) plans unless 
Parent provides notice to Company, no less than ten (10) business days prior 
to the Effective Time, that such 401(k) plan(s) shall not be terminated. 
Parent shall receive from Company evidence that Company\'s plan(s) and/or 
program(s) have been terminated pursuant to resolutions of each such 
entity\'s Board of Directors (the form and substance of such resolutions 
shall be subject to review and approval of Parent), effective as of the day 
immediately preceding the Effective Time.   5.12 FORM S-8. Parent agrees to
file a registration statement on Form S-8 (or a Form S-8/S-3, if applicable)
for the shares of Parent Common Stock issuable with respect to assumed
Company Stock Options as soon as is reasonably practicable after the
Effective Time.   5.13 COMPANY WARRANTS.   (a) At the Effective Time, each
outstanding Company Warrant, whether or  not exercisable, will be assumed by
Parent. Each Company Warrant so assumed  by Parent under this Agreement will
continue to have, and be subject to, the  same terms and conditions set forth
in the applicable Company Warrant  immediately prior to the Effective Time,
except that (i) each Company  Warrant will be exercisable (or will become
exercisable in accordance with  its terms) for that number of whole shares of
Parent Common Stock equal to  the product of the number of shares of Company
Shares that were issuable  upon exercise of such Company Warrant immediately
prior to the Effective  Time multiplied by the Exchange Ratio, rounded to the
nearest whole number  of shares of Parent Common Stock, and (ii) the per
share exercise price for  the shares of Parent Common Stock issuable upon
exercise of such assumed  Company Warrant will be equal to the quotient
determined by dividing the  exercise price per share of Company Common Stock
at which such Company  Warrant was exercisable immediately prior to the
Effective Time by the  Exchange Ratio, rounded to the nearest whole cent. As
soon as reasonably  practicable after the Effective Time, Parent will issue
to each holder of an  outstanding Company Warrant a notice describing the
foregoing assumptions of  such Company Warrant by Parent.   (b) Parent will
reserve sufficient shares of Parent Common Stock for  issuance under Section
5.13(a) and under Section 1.6(e) hereof.   41   5.14 INDEMNIFICATION.  
(a) From and after the Effective Time, Parent will cause the Surviving 
Corporation to fulfill and honor in all respects the obligations of Company 
pursuant to any indemnification agreements between Company and its directors 
and officers in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time (the 
"INDEMNIFIED PARTIES") and any indemnification provisions under the Company 
Charter Documents as in effect on the date hereof to the maximum extent 
permitted by law. The Articles of Association of the Surviving Corporation 
will contain provisions with respect to exculpation and indemnification that 
are at least as favorable to the Indemnified Parties as those contained in 
the Company Charter Documents as in effect on the date hereof, which 
provisions will not be amended, repealed or otherwise modified in any manner 
that would adversely affect the rights thereunder of individuals who, 
immediately prior to the Effective Time, were directors, officers, employees 
or agents of Company, unless such modification is required by law.   (b) For
a period of three (3) years after the Effective Time, Parent  will cause the
Surviving Corporation to maintain in effect, if available,  directors\' and
officers\' liability insurance covering those persons who are  currently
covered by the Company\'s directors\' and officers\' liability  insurance
policy in an amount and on terms no less advantageous, when taken  as a
whole, to those applicable to the current directors and officers of the 
Company; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that in no event will Parent or the Surviving 
Corporation be required to expend more than $750,000, in the aggregate, for 
such coverage (and if the cost for such coverage is in excess of such amount 
the Surviving Corporation shall only be required to maintain such coverage 
as is available for such amount).   (c) In the event the Surviving
Corporation or any of their respective  successors or assigns (i)
consolidates with or merges into any other person  and is not the continuing
or surviving corporation or entity of such  consolidation or merger or (ii)
transfers all or substantially all of its  properties and assets to any
person, proper provisions shall be made so that  the successors and assigns
of the Surviving Corporation, assume or continue  the obligations set forth
in this Section 5.14.   (d) The provisions of this Section 5.14 shall
survive the consummation  of the Merger at the Effective Time and continue
for the periods specified  in this Section 5.14 and are (i) intended to be
for the benefit of, and will  be enforceable by, each of the Indemnified
Parties and their respective  heirs and representatives and (ii) in addition
to, and not in substitution  for, any other rights to indemnification or
contribution that any such  person may have by contract or otherwise.  
5.15 NASDAQ LISTING. Parent shall cause the shares of Parent Common
Stock issuable, and those required to be reserved for issuance, in connection
with the Merger, to be approved for listing or trading on Nasdaq prior to the
Effective Time.   5.16 COMPANY AFFILIATE AGREEMENT.   (a) Set forth in
Section 5.16 of the Company Disclosure Letter is a list  of those persons who
may be deemed to be, in Company\'s reasonable judgment,  affiliates of
Company within the meaning of Rule 145 promulgated under the  Securities Act
or Opinion 16 of the Accounting Principles Board and  applicable SEC rules
and regulations (each, a "COMPANY AFFILIATE"). Company  will provide Parent
with such information and documents as Parent reasonably  requests for
purposes of reviewing such list. Company shall use its  commercially
reasonable efforts to deliver or cause to be delivered to  Parent, as
promptly as practicable on or following the date hereof, from  each Company
Affiliate who has not delivered a Company Affiliate Agreement  on or prior to
the date hereof, an executed Company Affiliate Agreement.   (b) Set forth in
Section 5.16 of the Parent Disclosure Letter is a list  of those persons who
may be deemed to be, in Parent\'s reasonable judgment,  affiliates of Parent
within the meaning of Opinion 16 of the Accounting  Principles Board and
applicable SEC rules and regulations (each, a "PARENT  AFFILIATE"). Parent
shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain  and provide a copy
to   42   Company, as promptly as practicable on or following the date
hereof, from  each Parent Affiliate who has not delivered a Parent Affiliate
Agreement on  or prior to the date hereof, an executed Parent Affiliate
Agreement.   5.17 POOLING OF INTERESTS. Each of Parent and Company shall
use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement to be accounted for as a pooling of interests under Opinion 16
of the Accounting Principles Board and applicable SEC rules and
regulations.   5.18 MERGER SUB APPROVAL. Parent (as the sole stockholder of
Merger Sub) shall approve the Merger at a general meeting of Merger Sub. No
later than the later to occur of (i) the second business day after the
satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VI or (ii) the
71st day after the delivery of the Merger Proposal, Merger Sub shall (in
accordance with Section 317(b) of the Israeli Companies Law and the
regulations thereunder) inform the Companies Registrar of the decision of
Merger Sub\'s general meeting to approve the Merger.   5.19 EZENIA!
SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT. Company shall pay to Ezenia! Inc. ("EZENIA") the
$6,000,000 payable to Ezenia pursuant to the Settlement Agreement dated June
16, 2000 between the Company and Ezenia at least one (1) business day prior
to the Effective Time.   5.20 REPAYMENT OF OCS GRANTS. Company shall repay
all Grants from the OCS, including all principal, interest and any other
amounts owed by Company to the OCS no later than December 31, 2000.  
ARTICLE VI  CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER   6.1 CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF
EACH PARTY TO EFFECT THE MERGER. The respective obligations of each party to
this Agreement to effect the Merger shall be subject to the satisfaction at
or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions, any of which may be
waived, in writing, by mutual agreement of Parent and Company:   (a)
SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL. This Agreement shall have been approved and  adopted,
and the Merger shall have been duly approved, by the requisite vote  under
applicable law, by the shareholders of Company.   (b) REGISTRATION STATEMENT
EFFECTIVE; PROXY STATEMENT. The SEC shall  have declared the Form S-4, and
any required post-effective amendment to the  Form S-4, effective. No stop
order suspending the effectiveness of the  Form S-4 or any part thereof shall
have been issued and no proceeding for  that purpose, and no similar
proceeding in respect of the Proxy  Statement/Prospectus, shall have been
initiated or threatened in writing by  the SEC.   (c) NO ORDER; HSR ACT. No
Governmental Entity shall have enacted,  issued, promulgated, enforced or
entered any statute, rule, regulation,  executive order, decree, injunction
or other order (whether temporary,  preliminary or permanent) which is in
effect and which has the effect of  making the Merger illegal or otherwise
prohibiting consummation of the  Merger. All waiting periods, if any, under
the HSR Act relating to the  transactions contemplated hereby will have
expired or been terminated early  and all material foreign antitrust
approvals required to be obtained prior  to the Merger in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby shall  have been obtained.   (d) TAX
OPINIONS. Parent and Company shall each have received written  opinions from
their respective tax counsel (Wilson Sonsini Goodrich and  Rosati, Professional
Corporation, and Testa, Hurwitz and Thibeault, LLP) dated  as of the Closing
Date, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to  Parent and Company,
respectively, substantially to the effect that on the  basis of facts,
representations and assumptions set forth in such opinions  which are
consistent with the state of facts existing at the Closing Date,  the Merger
will be treated for federal income tax purposes as a  reorganization within
the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. In  rendering such opinions,
Wilson   43   Sonsini Goodrich and Rosati, Professional Corporation, and
Testa, Hurwitz and  Thibeault, LLP may (i) require and rely upon (and may
incorporate by  reference) representations and covenants, including those
contained in  certificates of officers of Parent, Company, Merger Sub and
others, and  (ii) make such reasonable and customary assumptions as they may
determine  necessary. Such opinions shall not have been withdrawn; PROVIDED,
HOWEVER,  that if the counsel to either Parent or the Company shall not
render such  opinion, this condition shall nonetheless be deemed to be
satisfied with  respect to such party if counsel to the other party hereto
shall render such  opinion to such party. The parties to this Agreement agree
to make such  reasonable representations as requested by such counsel for the
purpose of  rendering such opinions.   (e) ISRAELI GOVERNMENTAL ENTITY
APPROVALS. All Israeli Governmental  Entity approvals required pursuant to
Israeli legal requirements for the  consummation of the Merger shall have
been obtained including, without  limitation, approval of the OCS, the
Investment Center and the Israeli  Commissioner of Restrictive Trade
Practices if required by applicable law;  and receipt by the Parent of the
Israel Securities Exemption.   6.2 ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF
COMPANY. The obligation of Company to consummate and effect the Merger shall
be subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the Closing Date of each of the
following conditions, any of which may be waived, in writing, exclusively by
Company:   (a) REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The representations and
warranties  of Parent and Merger Sub contained in this Agreement shall have
been true  and correct as of the date of this Agreement and shall be true and
correct  on and as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect as if
made on  the Closing Date except (A) in each case, or in the aggregate, where
the  failure to be true and correct would not reasonably be expected to have
a  Material Adverse Effect on Parent, (B) for those representations and 
warranties which address matters only as of a particular date (which 
representations shall have been true and correct, subject to the 
qualifications as set forth in the preceding clause (A), as of such 
particular date) and for inaccuracies resulting from changes or actions 
contemplated or permitted by this Agreement (it being understood that, for 
purposes of determining the accuracy of such representations and warranties, 
(i) all "Material Adverse Effect" qualifications and other qualifications 
based on the word "material" or similar phrases contained in such 
representations and warranties shall be disregarded and (ii) any update of 
or modification to the Parent Disclosure Letter made or purported to have 
been made after the date of this Agreement shall be disregarded). Company 
shall have received a certificate with respect to the foregoing signed on 
behalf of Parent by an authorized officer of Parent.   (b) AGREEMENTS AND
COVENANTS. Parent and Merger Sub shall have  performed or complied in all
material respects with all agreements and  covenants required by this
Agreement to be performed or complied with by  them on or prior to the
Closing Date, and Company shall have received a  certificate to such effect
signed on behalf of Parent by an authorized  officer of Parent.   (c)
ISRAELI INCOME TAX RULING. The Company shall have obtained the  Israeli
Income Tax Ruling.   6.3 ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF PARENT
AND MERGER SUB. The obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to consummate and
effect the Merger shall be subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the
Closing Date of each of the following conditions, any of which may be waived,
in writing, exclusively by Parent:   (a) REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.
The representations and warranties  of Company contained in this Agreement
shall have been true and correct as  of the date of this Agreement and shall
be true and correct on and as of the  Closing Date with the same force and
effect as if made on and as of the  Closing Date except (A) in each case, or
in the aggregate, where the failure  to be true and correct would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material  Adverse Effect on Company (i)
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, such Material Adverse  Effect qualifier shall be
inapplicable with respect to representations and  warranties contained in
Section 2.3(a), 2.16, 2.20, and 2.25, and (B) for  those representations
and   44   warranties which address matters only as of a particular date
(which  representations shall have been true and correct, subject to the 
qualifications as set forth in the preceding clause (A), as of such 
particular date) and for inaccuracies resulting from changes or actions 
contemplated by this Agreement (it being understood that, for purposes of 
determining the accuracy of such representations and warranties, (i) all 
"Material Adverse Effect" qualifications and other qualifications based on 
the word "material" or similar phrases contained in such representations and 
warranties shall be disregarded and (ii) any update of or modification to 
the Company Disclosure Letter made or purported to have been made after the 
date of this Agreement shall be disregarded). Parent shall have received a 
certificate with respect to the foregoing signed on behalf of Company by the 
Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of Company.   (b)
AGREEMENTS AND COVENANTS. Company shall have performed or complied  in all
material respects with all agreements and covenants required by this 
Agreement to be performed or complied with by it at or prior to the Closing 
Date, and Parent shall have received a certificate to such effect signed on 
behalf of Company by the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial 
Officer of Company.   (c) CONSENTS. The Company shall have obtained the
consents, waivers  and approvals required to be obtained in connection with
the consummation of  the transactions contemplated hereby, which consents,
waivers and approvals  are set forth in Section 6.3(c) of the Company
Disclosure Letter.   (d) ISRAELI TAX RULING. Company shall have received
from the Israeli  Income Tax Commissioner either (i) the Israeli Income Tax
Ruling  satisfactory to Parent in accordance with Section 5.5(c) or  (ii)
confirmation of the mechanism for withholding taxes in connection with  the
Merger, which mechanism shall be reasonably acceptable to Parent.   ARTICLE
VII  TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER   7.1 TERMINATION. This Agreement
may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether before or
after the requisite approval of the shareholders of Company:   (a) by
mutual written consent duly authorized by the Boards of Directors  of Parent
and Company;   (b) by either Company or Parent if the Merger shall not have
been  consummated by May 31, 2001 for any reason; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that
the  right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 7.1(b) shall not
be  available to any party whose action or failure to act has been a
principal  cause of or resulted in the failure of the Merger to occur on or
before such  date and such action or failure to act constitutes a breach of
this  Agreement;   (c) by either Company or Parent if a Governmental Entity
shall have  issued an order, decree or ruling or taken any other action, in
any case  having the effect of permanently restraining, enjoining or
otherwise  prohibiting the Merger, which order, decree, ruling or other
action shall  have become final and nonappealable;   (d) by either Company
or Parent if the required approval of the  shareholders of Company
contemplated by this Agreement shall not have been  obtained by reason of the
failure to obtain the required vote at the Company  General Meeting or at any
adjournment thereof; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the  right to terminate this
Agreement under this Section 7.1(d) shall not be  available to Company or
Parent where the failure to obtain Company  shareholder approval shall have
been caused by the action or failure to act  of Company or Parent,
respectively (including, in the case of Parent, the  failure of Parent to
vote the Company Shares subject to the Company Voting  Agreements in favor of
the Merger), and such action or failure to act  constitutes a breach by
Company or Parent, respectively, of this Agreement;   45   (e) by Company,
upon a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant  or agreement on the
part of Parent or Merger Sub set forth in this  Agreement, or if any
representation or warranty of Parent or Merger Sub  shall have become untrue,
in either case such that the conditions set forth  in Section 6.2(a) or
Section 6.2(b) would not be satisfied as of the time of  such breach or as of
the time such representation or warranty shall have  become untrue, PROVIDED,
that if such inaccuracy in Parent\'s or Merger Sub\'s  representations and
warranties or breach by Parent or Merger Sub is curable  by Parent or Merger
Sub through the exercise of its or their commercially  reasonable efforts,
then Company may not terminate this Agreement under this  Section 7.1(e) for
thirty (30) days after delivery of written notice from  Company to Parent of
such breach or inaccuracy, as long as Parent and Merger  Sub continue to
exercise commercially reasonable efforts to cure such breach  or inaccuracy
(it being understood that Company may not terminate this  Agreement pursuant
to this paragraph (e) if such breach or inaccuracy by  Parent or Merger Sub
is cured during such thirty (30)-day period);   (f) by Parent, upon a breach
of any representation, warranty, covenant  or agreement on the part of
Company set forth in this Agreement, or if any  representation or warranty of
Company shall have become untrue, in either  case such that the conditions
set forth in Section 6.3(a) or Section 6.3(b)  would not be satisfied as of
the time of such breach or as of the time such  representation or warranty
shall have become untrue, PROVIDED, that if such  inaccuracy in Company\'s
representations and warranties or breach by Company  is curable by Company
through the exercise of its commercially reasonable  efforts, then Parent may
not terminate this Agreement under this  Section 7.1(f) for thirty (30) days
after delivery of written notice from  Parent to Company of such breach, as
long as Company continues to exercise  commercially reasonable efforts to
cure such breach or inaccuracy (it being  understood that Parent may not
terminate this Agreement pursuant to this  paragraph (f) if such breach or
inaccuracy by Company is cured during such  thirty (30)-day period);   (g)
by Parent, if an event has occurred or a circumstance has arisen  that would
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the  Company that
is not curable by the Company through the exercise of its  commercially
reasonable efforts; or   (h) by Company, if an event has occurred or a
circumstance has arisen  that would reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on  Parent that is not curable by Parent through the exercise
of its  commercially reasonable efforts; or   (i) by Parent if a Triggering
Event (as defined below) shall have  occurred.   For the purposes of this
Agreement, a "TRIGGERING EVENT" shall be deemed to have occurred if: (i) the
Board of Directors of Company or any committee thereof shall for any reason
have withdrawn or shall have amended or modified in a manner adverse to
Parent its recommendation in favor of, the approval of the Agreement or the
Merger; (ii) Company shall have failed to include in the
Proxy Statement/Prospectus the recommendation of the Board of Directors of
Company in favor of the approval of the Agreement and the Merger; (iii) Board
of Directors of Company fails to reaffirm its recommendation in favor of the
approval of the Agreement and the Merger within ten (10) business days after
Parent requests in writing that such recommendation be reaffirmed at any time
following the public announcement and during the pendency of an Acquisition
Proposal; (iv) the Board of Directors of Company or any committee thereof
shall have approved or recommended any Acquisition Proposal; (v) the
provisions of Section 5.7 of this Agreement shall have been breached in any
material respect; (vi) Company shall have entered into any letter of intent
or similar document or any agreement, contract or commitment accepting any
Acquisition Proposal; or (vii) a tender or exchange offer relating to
securities of Company shall have been commenced by a person unaffiliated with
Parent and Company shall not have sent to its securityholders pursuant to
Rule 14e-2 promulgated under the Securities Act or Section 329 of the Israeli
Companies Law, within ten (10) business days after such tender or exchange
offer is first published sent or given, a statement disclosing that Company
recommends rejection of such tender or exchange offer.   46   7.2 NOTICE
OF TERMINATION; EFFECT OF TERMINATION. Any termination of this Agreement
under Section 7.1 above will be effective immediately upon (or, if
the termination is pursuant to Section 7.1(e) or Section 7.1(f) and the
proviso therein is applicable, thirty (30) days after) the delivery of
written notice by the terminating party to the other parties hereto. In the
event of the termination of this Agreement as provided in Section 7.1, this
Agreement shall be of no further force or effect, except (i) as set forth in
this Section 7.2, Sections 5.6, 7.3 and Article VIII (General Provisions),
each of which shall survive the termination of this Agreement (PROVIDED,
HOWEVER, that the standstill provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement
referred to in Section 5.6 shall cease to be of any force or effect if this
Agreement is terminated by Parent pursuant to Section 7.1(i)), and (ii)
nothing herein shall relieve any party from liability for any intentional or
willful breach of this Agreement. No termination of this Agreement shall
affect the obligations of the parties contained in the Confidentiality
Agreement, all of which obligations shall survive termination of this
Agreement in accordance with their terms.   7.3 FEES AND EXPENSES.   (a)
GENERAL. Except as set forth in this Section 7.3, all fees and  expenses
incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions  contemplated
hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such expenses  whether or not the
Merger is consummated; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that Parent and  Company shall
share equally all fees and expenses, other than attorneys\' and  accountants
fees and expenses, incurred in relation to the printing and  filing (with the
SEC) of the Proxy Statement/ Prospectus (including any  preliminary materials
related thereto) and the Form S-4 (including financial  statements and
exhibits) and any amendments or supplements thereto and any  fees required to
be paid under the HSR Act.   (b) COMPANY PAYMENTS.   (i) The Company shall
pay to Parent in immediately available funds,  within one (1) business day
after demand by Parent, an amount equal to  $9,500,000 (the "TERMINATION
FEE") if this Agreement is terminated by  Parent pursuant to Section 7.1(i);
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the  Termination Fee shall not be payable if this
Agreement is terminated by  Parent following the occurrence of a Triggering
Event other than that  specified in clause (v) of the definition thereof and,
prior to such  termination, the closing condition set forth in Section 6.1(a)
shall have  been satisfied.   (ii) If (A) this Agreement is terminated by
Parent or Company, as  applicable, pursuant to Sections 7.1(b) or (d), (B)
prior to such  termination, there shall exist or have been publicly announced
an  Acquisition Proposal and (C) within nine (9) months following the 
termination of this Agreement a Company Acquisition (as defined below) is 
consummated or Company enters into an agreement or letter of intent 
providing for a Company Acquisition, or a third party commences a tender  or
exchange offer for a Company Acquisition, then Company shall pay  Parent in
immediately available funds at or prior to consummating such  Company
Acquisition, respectively, an amount equal to the Termination  Fee.   (iii)
Company acknowledges that the agreements contained in this  Section 7.3(b)
are an integral part of the transactions contemplated by  this Agreement, and
that, without these agreements, Parent would not  enter into this Agreement;
accordingly, if Company fails to pay in a  timely manner the amounts due
pursuant to this Section 7.3(b) and, in  order to obtain such payment, Parent
makes a claim that results in a  judgment against Company for the amounts set
forth in this  Section 7.3(b), Company shall pay to Parent its reasonable
costs and  expenses (including reasonable attorneys\' fees and expenses) in 
connection with such suit, together with interest on the amounts set  forth
in this Section 7.3(b) at the prime rate of Bank of America N.T. and  S.A. in
effect on the date such payment was required to be made. Payment  of the fees
described in this Section 7.3(b) shall not be in lieu of  damages incurred in
the event of the intentional or wilfull breach of any  covenant or agreement
set forth in this Agreement. For the   47   purposes of this Agreement,
"COMPANY ACQUISITION" shall mean any of the  following transactions (other
than the transactions contemplated by this  Agreement): (i) a merger,
consolidation, business combination,  recapitalization, liquidation,
dissolution or similar transaction  involving Company pursuant to which the
shareholders of Company  immediately preceding such transaction hold less
than 50% of the  aggregate equity interests in the surviving or resulting
entity of such  transaction, (ii) a sale or other disposition by Company of
assets  representing in excess of 50% of the aggregate fair market value of 
Company\'s business immediately prior to such sale or (iii) the  acquisition
by any person or group (including by way of a tender offer or  an exchange
offer or issuance by Company), directly or indirectly, of  beneficial
ownership or a right to acquire beneficial ownership of shares  representing
in excess of 50% of the voting power of the then outstanding  shares of
capital stock of Company.   7.4 AMENDMENT. Subject to applicable law, this
Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto at any time by execution of an
instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of Parent and Company.   7.5
EXTENSION; WAIVER. At any time prior to the Effective Time, any party hereto
may, to the extent legally allowed, (i) extend the time for the performance
of any of the obligations or other acts of the other parties hereto, (ii)
waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties made to
such party contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto
and (iii) waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions for the
benefit of such party contained herein. Any agreement on the part of a party
hereto to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an
instrument in writing signed on behalf of such party. Delay in exercising any
right under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right.  
ARTICLE VIII  GENERAL PROVISIONS   8.1 NON-SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES. The representations and warranties of Company, Parent and Merger
Sub contained in this Agreement shall terminate at the Effective Time, and
only the covenants that by their terms survive the Effective Time shall
survive the Effective Time.   8.2 NOTICES. All notices and other
communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if
delivered personally or by commercial delivery service, or sent via telecopy
(receipt confirmed) to the parties at the following addresses or telecopy
numbers (or at such other address or telecopy numbers for a party as shall be
specified by like notice):   (a) if to Parent or Merger Sub, to:  
Polycom, Inc.  1565 Barber Lane  Milpitas, California 95035  Attention:
Chief Executive Officer  Telecopy No.: (408) 526-9100   with a copy to:  
Wilson Sonsini Goodrich and Rosati  Professional Corporation  650 Page Mill
Road  Palo Alto, California 94304-1050  Attention: Mark A. Bertelsen, Esq. 
Telecopy No.:(650) 493-6811   48   and to:   Yigal Arnon and Co.  22
Rivlin Street  Jerusalem 91000, Israel  Attention: Barry P. Levenfeld,
Esq.  Telecopy No.: (972-2) 623-9236   (b) if to Company, to:   Accord
Networks Ltd.  9040 Roswell Road, Suite 450  Atlanta, Georgia 30350 
Attention: Chief Executive Officer  Telecopy No.: (770) 641-4499   with a
copy to:   Testa, Hurwitz and Thibeault, LLP  125 High Street  Boston, MA
02110  Attention: Mark H. Burnett, Esq.  Telecopy No.: (617) 248-7100  
and to:   Doron Cohen--David Cohen Law Offices  14 Abba Hillel Road 
Ramat-Gan Israel  Attention: David Cohen, Esq.  Telecopy No.:
011-972-3-753-1001   8.3 INTERPRETATION; KNOWLEDGE. When a reference is made
in this Agreement to Exhibits, such reference shall be to an Exhibit to this
Agreement unless otherwise indicated. When a reference is made in this
Agreement to Sections, such reference shall be to a Section of this
Agreement. Unless otherwise indicated the words "include," "includes" and
"including" when used herein shall be deemed in each case to be followed by
the words "without limitation." The table of contents and headings contained
in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any
way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. When reference is made
herein to "the business of" an entity, such reference shall be deemed to
include the business of all direct and indirect subsidiaries of such entity.
Reference to the subsidiaries of an entity shall be deemed to include all
direct and indirect subsidiaries of such entity.   (a) For purposes of this
Agreement, the term "KNOWLEDGE" means with  respect to a party hereto, with
respect to any matter in question, knowledge  of the executive officers or
directors of such party, provided that such  persons shall have made due and
diligent inquiry of those officers,  directors and other managers of such
party who report directly to such  executive officers or directors and whom
such executive officers reasonably  believe would have actual knowledge of
the matters represented.   (b) The word "AGREEMENT" when used herein shall
be deemed in each case  to mean any contract, commitment or other agreement,
whether oral or  written, that is legally binding.   (c) For purposes of
this Agreement, the term "PERSON" shall mean any  individual, corporation
(including any non-profit corporation), general  partnership, limited
partnership, limited liability partnership, joint  venture, estate, trust,
company (including any limited liability company or  joint stock company),
firm or other enterprise, association, organization,  entity or Governmental
Entity.   49   (d) When used in connection with Parent, or Company, as the
case may be,  the term "MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT" means any change or effect
that,  individually or when taken together with all other such changes or
effects  that have occurred prior to the date of determination of the
occurrence of  the Material Adverse Effect, is or is reasonably likely to be
materially  adverse to the business, assets (including intangible assets),
financial  condition or results of operations of such entity and its
subsidiaries,  taken as a whole; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that in no event shall
any of the  following, alone or in combination, be deemed to constitute, nor
shall any  of the following be taken into account in determining whether
there has been  or will be, a Material Adverse Effect on any entity: (i) any
change in such  entity\'s stock price or trading volume or any failure by
such entity to meet  internal projections or forecasts or published revenue
or earnings  projections, in each case in and of itself; or (ii) any change
or effect  that results or arises from changes affecting any of the
industries in which  such entity operates generally or the United States
economy generally (which  changes or effects in each case do not materially
disproportionately affect  such entity); (iii) any change or effect that
results or arises from changes  affecting general worldwide economic or
capital market conditions (which  changes in each case do not materially
disproportionately affect such  entity) or (iv) any change or effect
resulting from the disruption or loss  of any existing or prospective
customer, distributor or supplier  relationships and any delays or
cancellations in customer or distributor  orders in that results from the
public announcement or pendency of the  transactions contemplated hereby.  
(e) The words "FOREIGN" and "DOMESTIC" when used herein shall be deemed  a
reference to a country outside the United States and the United States, 
respectively.   8.4 COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in one or
more counterparts (including counterparts executed and delivered by
facsimile, which shall be as counterparts executed and delivered manually),
all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become
effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the
parties and delivered to the other party, it being understood that all
parties need not sign the same counterpart.   8.5 ENTIRE AGREEMENT; THIRD
PARTY BENEFICIARIES. This Agreement and the documents and instruments and
other agreements among the parties hereto as contemplated by or referred to
herein, including the Confidentiality Agreement, the Company Disclosure
Letter and the Parent Disclosure Letter (a) constitute the entire agreement
among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all
prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof, it being understood that the
Confidentiality Agreement shall continue in full force and effect until the
Closing and shall survive any termination of this Agreement except
as provided in Section 7.2 hereof; and (b) are not intended to confer upon
any other person any rights or remedies hereunder, except as specifically
provided in Section 5.11 and 5.14 hereof.   8.6 SEVERABILITY. In the event
that any provision of this Agreement, or the application thereof, becomes or
is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, void or
unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement will continue in full force
and effect and the application of such provision to other persons or
circumstances will be interpreted so as reasonably to effect the intent of
the parties hereto. The parties further agree to replace such void or
unenforceable provision of this Agreement with a valid and enforceable
provision that will achieve, to the extent possible, the economic, business
and other purposes of such void or unenforceable provision.   8.7 OTHER
REMEDIES; SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE. Except as otherwise provided herein, any and
all remedies herein expressly conferred upon a party will be deemed
cumulative with and not exclusive of any other remedy conferred hereby, or by
law or equity upon such party, and the exercise by a party of any one remedy
will not preclude the exercise of any other remedy. The parties hereto agree
that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions
of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms
or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall
be entitled to seek an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this
Agreement and to enforce   50  specifically the terms and provisions
hereof in any court of the United States or any state having jurisdiction,
this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law
or in equity.   8.8 APPLICABLE LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware;
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that (a) any matter involving the internal corporate
affairs of Company or any party hereto shall be governed by the provisions of
the jurisdictions of its incorporation and (b) the form and content of the
Merger and the consequences of the filing thereof shall be governed by the
Israeli Companies Law.   8.9 RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. The parties hereto
agree that they have been represented by counsel during the negotiation and
execution of this Agreement and, therefore, waive the application of any law,
regulation, holding or rule of construction providing that ambiguities in an
agreement or other document will be construed against the party drafting such
agreement or document.   8.10 ASSIGNMENT. No party may assign either this
Agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without
the prior written approval of the other parties. Subject to the preceding
sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit
of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns.   8.11 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF PARENT, COMPANY AND MERGER SUB
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION,
PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE ACTIONS OF PARENT,
COMPANY OR MERGER SUB IN THE NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE AND
ENFORCEMENT HEREOF.   *****   51   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized
respective officers as of the date first written above.    ~~   POLYCOM,
INC.   By: /s/ ROBERT C. HAGERTY 
-----------------------------------------------  Name: Robert C. Hagerty 
-----------------------------------------------  Title: CEO 
-----------------------------------------------   MERGER SUB LTD.   By:
/s/ WILLIAM R. PAAPE  -----------------------------------------------  Name:
William R. Paape  -----------------------------------------------  Title:
Director  -----------------------------------------------   ACCORD NETWORKS
LTD.   By: /s/ JULES L. DEVIGNE 
-----------------------------------------------  Name: Jules L. DeVigne 
-----------------------------------------------  Title: Chairman and CEO 
-----------------------------------------------    ***AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
MERGER AND REORGANIZATION***   52   EXHIBIT A   COMPANY VOTING
AGREEMENT   THIS COMPANY VOTING AGREEMENT (this "AGREEMENT") is made and
entered into as of December 5, 2000, between Polycom, Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("PARENT"), and the undersigned shareholder (the "SHAREHOLDER")
of Accord Networks Ltd., an Israeli corporation (the "COMPANY").  
RECITALS   A. The Company, Merger Sub (as defined below) and Parent have
entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization of even date
herewith (the "REORGANIZATION AGREEMENT"), which provides for the merger (the
"MERGER") of Merger Sub Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent ("MERGER
SUB"), with and into the Company. Pursuant to the Merger, all outstanding
capital stock of the Company shall be converted into common stock of Parent,
as set forth in the Reorganization Agreement;   B. Shareholder is the
beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the "EXCHANGE ACT")) of such number of ordinary shares
of the outstanding capital stock of the Company and ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of outstanding options and/or warrants as is indicated on the
signature page of this Agreement; and   C. In consideration of the execution
of the Reorganization Agreement by Parent, Shareholder (in its, his or her
capacity as such) agrees to vote the Shares (as defined below) and other such
shares of capital stock of the Company over which Shareholder has voting
power so as to facilitate consummation of the Merger on the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth in this Agreement.   NOW, THEREFORE, intending
to be legally bound, the parties hereto agree as follows:   1. CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings
ascribed to them in the Reorganization Agreement. For purposes of
this Agreement:   (a) "EXPIRATION DATE" shall mean the earlier to occur of
(i) such date and time as the Reorganization Agreement shall have been
terminated pursuant to Article VII thereof, or (ii) such date and time as the
Merger shall become effective in accordance with the terms and provisions of
the Reorganization Agreement.   (b) "PERSON" shall mean any (i) individual,
(ii) corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other entity, or
(iii) governmental authority.   (c) "SHARES" shall mean: (i) all securities
of the Company (including ordinary shares and all options, warrants and other
rights to acquire ordinary shares) owned by Shareholder as of the date of
this Agreement; and (ii) all additional securities of the Company (including
all additional Company ordinary shares and all additional options, warrants
and other rights to acquire Company ordinary shares) of which Shareholder
acquires ownership during the period from the date of this Agreement through
the Expiration Date.   (d) TRANSFER. A Person shall be deemed to have
effected a "TRANSFER" of a security if such person directly or indirectly:
(i) sells, pledges, encumbers, grants an option with respect to, transfers or
disposes of such security or any interest in such security; or (ii) enters
into an agreement or commitment providing for the sale of, pledge of,
encumbrance of, grant of an option with respect to, transfer of or
disposition of such security or any interest therein.   2. TRANSFER OF
SHARES.   (a) TRANSFEREE OF SHARES TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT. During
the period from the date of this Agreement through the Expiration Date,
Shareholder shall not cause or permit any Transfer of any of the Shares to be
effected unless such Transfer is in accordance with any affiliate agreement
between Shareholder and Parent contemplated by the Reorganization Agreement
and each Person to which any  of such Shares, or any interest in any of
such Shares, is or may be transferred shall have: (a) executed a counterpart
of this Agreement and a proxy in the form attached hereto as EXHIBIT A (the
"PROXY"); and (b) agreed in writing to hold such Shares (or interest in such
Shares) subject to all of the terms and provisions of this Agreement.   (b)
TRANSFER OF VOTING RIGHTS. During the period from the date of this Agreement
through the Expiration Date, Shareholder shall not deposit (or permit the
deposit of) any Shares in a voting trust or grant any proxy or enter into any
voting agreement or similar agreement in contravention of the obligations
of Shareholder under this Agreement with respect to any of the
Shares. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, nothing in
this Agreement shall prohibit Shareholder from granting any proxy with
respect to the voting of any of the Shares on any matter other than approval
and adoption of the Reorganization Agreement and the approval of the Merger,
so long as any such proxy is not inconsistent with the obligations of
Shareholder set forth in Section 3 below.   3. AGREEMENT TO VOTE SHARES. At
every meeting of the Shareholders of the Company called, and at every
adjournment thereof, and on every action or approval by written consent of
the Shareholders of the Company, Shareholder (in his, her or its capacity as
such) shall cause the Shares to be voted in favor of approval and adoption of
the Reorganization Agreement and in favor of approval of the Merger.
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, nothing in
this Agreement shall limit or restrict Shareholder from acting
in Shareholder\'s capacity as a director or officer of Company (it being
understood that this Agreement shall apply to Shareholder solely in
Shareholder\'s capacity as a Shareholder of Company) or voting in
Shareholder\'s sole discretion on any matter other than those matters
referred to in the preceding sentence.   4. IRREVOCABLE PROXY. Concurrently
with the execution of this Agreement, Shareholder agrees to deliver to Parent
a duly executed Proxy, which shall be irrevocable to the fullest extent
permissible by law, with respect to the Shares.   5. REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES OF THE SHAREHOLDER. Shareholder (i) is the beneficial owner of the
Company ordinary shares and the options to purchase Company ordinary shares
of the Company indicated on the signature page of this Agreement, which are
free and clear of any liens, adverse claims, charges or other encumbrances
(except encumbrances arising under securities laws or as are disclosed on
such signature page); (ii) does not beneficially own any securities of the
Company other than the Company ordinary shares and options and/or warrants to
purchase Company ordinary shares indicated on the signature page of this
Agreement; and (iii) has full power and authority to make, enter into
and carry out the terms of this Agreement and the Proxy.   6. ADDITIONAL
DOCUMENTS. Shareholder (in his, her or its capacity as such) and Parent
hereby covenant and agree to execute and deliver any additional documents as
are reasonably necessary or desirable to carry out the intent of this
Agreement.   7. LEGENDING OF SHARES. If so requested by Parent, Shareholder
agrees that the certificates representing Shares shall bear a legend stating
that they are subject to this Agreement and to an irrevocable proxy.   8.
TERMINATION. This Agreement shall terminate and shall have no further force
or effect as of the Expiration Date.   9. MISCELLANEOUS.   (a)
SEVERABILITY. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this
Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or
unenforceable, then the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants
and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and
shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated.   2   (b) BINDING
EFFECT AND ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement and all of the provisions hereof shall
be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their
respective successors and permitted assigns, but, except as otherwise
specifically provided herein, neither this Agreement nor any of the rights,
interests or obligations of the parties hereto may be assigned by either of
the parties without prior written consent of the other.   (c) AMENDMENTS AND
MODIFICATION. This Agreement may not be modified, amended, altered or
supplemented except upon the execution and delivery of a written agreement
executed by the parties hereto.   (d) SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE; INJUNCTIVE
RELIEF. The parties hereto acknowledge that Parent shall be irreparably
harmed and that there shall be no adequate remedy at law for a violation of
any of the covenants or agreements of Shareholder set forth herein.
Therefore, it is agreed that, in addition to any other remedies that may be
available to Parent upon any such violation, Parent shall have the right to
enforce such covenants and agreements by specific performance, injunctive
relief or by any other means available to Parent at law or in equity.   (e)
NOTICES. All notices and other communications pursuant to this Agreement
shall be in writing and deemed to be sufficient if contained in a written
instrument and shall be deemed given if delivered personally, telecopied,
sent by nationally-recognized overnight courier or mailed by registered or
certified mail (return receipt requested), postage prepaid, to the parties at
the following address (or at such other address for a party as shall be
specified by like notice):   If to Parent:   Polycom, Inc.  1565 Barber
Lane  Milpitas, CA 95035  Attention: Michael R. Kourey  Telephone No.:
(408) 526-9000  Telecopy No.: (408) 526-9100   with a copy to:   Wilson,
Sonsini, Goodrich and Rosati  Professional Corporation  650 Page Mill Road 
Palo Alto, California 94305-1050  Attention: Mark A. Bertelsen, Esq. 
Telephone No.: (650) 493-9300  Telecopy No.: (650) 493-6811   and to:  
Yigal Arnon and Co.  22 Rivlin Street  Jerusalem 9100, Israel  Attention:
Barry P. Levenfeld, Esq.  Telecopy No.: (972-2) 623-9236   If to
Shareholder:   To the address for notice set forth on the signature page
hereof.   (f) GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of
the State of Delaware, without reference to rules of conflicts of law.  
3   (g) ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement and the Proxy contain the
entire understanding of the parties in respect of the subject matter hereof,
and supersede all prior negotiations and understandings between the parties
with respect to such subject matter.   (h) EFFECT OF HEADINGS. The section
headings are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction or
interpretation of this Agreement.   (i) COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be
executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all
of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement.   (j) NO
OBLIGATION TO EXERCISE OPTIONS. Notwithstanding any provision of this
Agreement to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement shall
obligate Shareholder to exercise any option, warrant or other right to
acquire any ordinary shares of the Company.   4   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed on the day and year
first above written.    ~~  POLYCOM, INC. SHAREHOLDER  By:
--------------------------------------- By:
---------------------------------------  Signature of Authorized Signatory
Signature  Name: ------------------------------------- Name:
-------------------------------------  Title:
----------------------------------- Title:
-----------------------------------  
-------------------------------------------  
-------------------------------------------  Print Address  
-------------------------------------------  Telephone  
-------------------------------------------  Facsimile No.   Share
beneficially owned:   ------------ Company ordinary shares   ------------
Company ordinary shares  issuable upon exercise of outstanding  options  
------------ Company ordinary shares  issuable upon exercise of outstanding 
warrants    [SIGNATURE PAGE TO VOTING AGREEMENT]   IRREVOCABLE PROXY  
The undersigned Shareholder (the "SHAREHOLDER") of Accord Networks Ltd.,
an Israeli corporation (the "COMPANY"), hereby irrevocably (to the fullest
extent permitted by law) appoints the directors on the Board of Directors
of Polycom, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("PARENT"), and each of them, as the
sole and exclusive attorneys and proxies of the undersigned, with full power
of substitution and resubstitution, to vote and exercise all voting and
related rights (to the full extent that the undersigned is entitled to do so)
with respect to all (i) securities of the Company (including ordinary shares
and all options, warrants and other rights to acquire ordinary shares) owned
by Shareholder as of the date hereof and (ii) any and all additional
securities of the Company (including ordinary shares and all additional
options, warrants and other rights to acquire ordinary shares) of which
Shareholder acquires ownership after the date hereof (collectively, the
"SHARES") in accordance with the terms of this Proxy until the Expiration
Date (as defined below). Upon the undersigned\'s execution of this Proxy, any
and all prior proxies given by the undersigned with respect to any Shares are
hereby revoked and the undersigned agrees not to grant any subsequent proxies
with respect to the Shares until after the Expiration Date.   This Proxy is
irrevocable (to the fullest extent permitted by law), is coupled with an
interest and made for the benefit of third parties and is granted pursuant to
that certain Voting Agreement of even date herewith by and among Parent and
the undersigned Shareholder (the "VOTING AGREEMENT"), and is granted in
consideration of Parent entering into that certain Agreement and Plan of
Merger and Reorganization of even date herewith (the
"REORGANIZATION AGREEMENT"), among Parent, Accord Acquisition Corp., an
Israeli corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent ("MERGER SUB"),
and the Company. The Reorganization Agreement provides for the merger of
Merger Sub with and into the Company in accordance with its terms (the
"MERGER"). As used herein, the term "EXPIRATION DATE" shall mean the earlier
to occur of (i) such date and time as the Reorganization Agreement shall have
been validly terminated pursuant to Article VII thereof or (ii) such date and
time as the Merger shall become effective in accordance with the terms and
provisions of the Reorganization Agreement.   The attorneys and proxies
named above, and each of them, are hereby authorized and empowered by the
undersigned, at any time prior to the Expiration Date, to act as the
undersigned\'s attorney and proxy to vote the Shares, and to exercise all
voting, consent and similar rights of the undersigned with respect to the
Shares (including, without limitation, the power to execute and
deliver written consents) at every annual, special or adjourned meeting of
Shareholders of the Company and in every written consent in lieu of such
meeting in favor of approval and adoption of the Reorganization Agreement and
in favor of approval of the Merger.   The attorneys and proxies named above
may not exercise this Proxy on any other matter. The undersigned Shareholder
may vote the Shares on all other matters.   All authority herein conferred
shall survive the death or incapacity of the undersigned to the extent
permitted by law, and any obligation of the undersigned hereunder shall be
binding upon the successors and assigns of the undersigned.   This Proxy is
irrevocable (to the fullest extent permitted by law). This Proxy shall
terminate, and be of no further force and effect, automatically upon the
Expiration Date.  Dated: December , 2000    ~~   Signature of
Shareholder: --------------------------   Print Name of Shareholder:
------------------------   Share beneficially owned:   ------------
Company ordinary shares   ------------ Company ordinary shares issuable
upon  exercise of outstanding options   ------------ Company ordinary
shares issuable upon  exercise of outstanding warrants    [SIGNATURE PAGE
TO IRREVOCABLE PROXY]   EXHIBIT B   COMPANY AFFILIATE AGREEMENT   THIS
COMPANY AFFILIATE AGREEMENT (this "AGREEMENT") is made and entered into as of
December , 2000, between Polycom, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("PARENT"),
and the undersigned holder of ordinary shares of Accord Networks Ltd., an
Israeli corporation ("COMPANY"), who may be deemed an affiliate ("AFFILIATE")
of Company. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall
have the meanings ascribed to them in the Reorganization Agreement (as
defined below).   RECITALS   A. The Company, Merger Sub (as defined below)
and Parent are entering into an Agreement and Plan of Merger and
Reorganization of even date herewith (the "REORGANIZATION AGREEMENT") which
provides for the merger (the "MERGER") of Merger Sub Ltd., a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Parent ("MERGER SUB"), with and into the Company. Pursuant to
the Merger, all issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company (the
"COMPANY CAPITAL STOCK") as of the Effective Time will be converted into
Common Stock of Parent as set forth in the Reorganization Agreement;   B.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Affiliate is a
material inducement to Parent to enter into the Reorganization Agreement;
and   C. Affiliate has been advised that Affiliate may be deemed to be
an "affiliate" of Company as the term "affiliate" is used (i) for purposes
of Rule 144 of the Rules and Regulations (the "RULES AND REGULATIONS") of
the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "COMMISSION") and
(ii) in Accounting Series Releases 130 and 135, as amended, although nothing
contained herein shall be construed as an admission by Affiliate that
Affiliate is in fact an "affiliate" of Company.   NOW, THEREFORE, intending
to be legally bound, the parties hereto agree as follows:   1.
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS BY AFFILIATE. Affiliate acknowledges and understands that the
representations, warranties and covenants by Affiliate set forth herein will
be relied upon by Parent, the Company and their respective
affiliates, counsel and accounting firms for purposes of determining
Parent\'s eligibility to account for the Merger as a "pooling of interests."
Affiliate has carefully read this Agreement and the Reorganization Agreement
and has had the opportunity to discuss the requirements of this Agreement
with Affiliate\'s professional advisors, who Affiliate believes are qualified
to advise Affiliate with regard to such matters. Affiliate fully understands
the limitations this Affiliate Agreement places upon Affiliates ability to
hold, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of the securities of the Company
and the securities of Parent.   2. BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF COMPANY CAPITAL
STOCK. Except for ordinary shares of Company, options to purchase ordinary
shares of Company, and warrants to purchase ordinary shares of Company set
forth on the signature page hereto (the "SHARES"), Affiliate does not
beneficially own any equity securities of Company or any option, warrant or
other right to acquire equity securities of Company. Affiliate has not
engaged in any sale or other transfer of the Shares in contemplation of the
Merger. All shares of Company Capital Stock and common stock of Parent
("PARENT COMMON STOCK") acquired by Affiliate subsequent to the date hereof
(including shares of Parent Common Stock acquired in the Merger) shall be
subject to the provisions of this Agreement, to the extent such provisions
are then still applicable, as if held by Affiliate as of the date hereof.  
3. COVENANTS RELATED TO POOLING OF INTERESTS. In accordance with
Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 65, during the period from the date 30 days
prior to the Effective Time until the day Parent publicly announces financial
results covering at least 30 days of combined operations of Parent and the
Company (the "RESTRICTED PERIOD"), Affiliate shall not sell, exchange,
transfer, pledge, distribute, make any gift or otherwise dispose of or grant
any option, establish any "short" or put-equivalent position with respect to
or enter into any similar transaction (through derivatives or otherwise)
intended or having the effect, directly or indirectly, to reduce Affiliate\'s
risk relative to any shares of Parent  Common Stock or Company Capital
Stock (including the Shares). Parent may, at its discretion, place a stop
transfer notice consistent with the foregoing, with respect to Affiliate\'s
shares of Parent Common Stock provided that such notice shall be
countermanded as soon as practicable upon expiration of the
necessity therefor.   4. COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 145 AND THE SECURITIES
ACT.   (a) Affiliate has been advised that (i) the issuance of shares of
Parent Common Stock in connection with the Merger is expected to be effected
pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-4 promulgated under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "SECURITIES ACT"), and the resale of
such shares shall be subject to restrictions set forth in Rule 145 under the
Securities Act, and (ii) Affiliate may be deemed to be an affiliate of the
Company. Affiliate accordingly agrees not to sell, transfer or otherwise
dispose of any Parent Common Stock issued to Affiliate in the Merger unless
(i) such sale, transfer or other disposition is made in conformity with the
requirements of Rule 145(d) promulgated under the Securities Act, (ii) such
sale, transfer or other disposition is made pursuant to an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act or an appropriate exemption
from registration, (iii) Affiliate delivers to Parent a written opinion of
counsel, reasonably acceptable to Parent in form and substance, that such
sale, transfer or other disposition is otherwise exempt from registration
under the Securities Act or (iv) an authorized representative of the
Commission shall have rendered written advice to Affiliate to the effect that
the Commission would take no action, or that the staff of the Commission
would not recommend that the Commission take any action, with respect to the
proposed disposition if consummated (the "NO ACTION CORRESPONDENCE").   (b)
Parent shall give stop transfer instructions to its transfer agent with
respect to any Parent Common Stock received by Affiliate in the Merger
and there shall be placed on the certificates representing such Parent Common
Stock, or any substitutions therefor issued prior to the end of the
Restricted Period, a legend stating in substance:   "THE SHARES REPRESENTED
BY THIS CERTIFICATE WERE ISSUED IN A TRANSACTION  TO WHICH RULE 145 APPLIES
AND MAY ONLY BE TRANSFERRED (A) IN CONFORMITY  WITH RULE 145(d), OR (B)
PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT  UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF
1933, AS AMENDED, OR (C) IN ACCORDANCE WITH  A WRITTEN OPINION OF COUNSEL,
REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE ISSUER IN  FORM AND SUBSTANCE, THAT SUCH
TRANSFER IS EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER  THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS
AMENDED."  The legend set forth above shall be removed (by delivery of a
substitute certificate without such legend) and Parent shall instruct its
transfer agent to remove such legend, if Affiliate delivers to Parent (i)
satisfactory written evidence that the shares have been sold in compliance
with Rule 145 (in which case, the substitute certificate shall be issued in
the name of the transferee), (ii) the No Action Correspondence, (iii) an
opinion of counsel, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Parent,
to the effect that public sale of the shares by the holder thereof is no
longer subject to Rule 145, or (iv) a written request for removal of such
legend after the first anniversary of the Effective Time.   5. TERMINATION.
This Agreement shall be terminated and shall be of no further force and
effect in the event of the termination of the Reorganization Agreement
pursuant to Article VII thereof.   6. MISCELLANEOUS.   (b) WAIVER;
SEVERABILITY. No waiver by any party hereto of any condition or of any breach
of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing and
signed by each party hereto. In the event that any provision of
this Agreement, or the application of any such provision to any person,
entity or set of circumstances, shall be determined to be invalid, unlawful,
void or unenforceable to any extent, the remainder of this Agreement, and
the application of such provision to persons, entities or  
2  circumstances other than those as to which it is determined to be
invalid, unlawful, void or unenforceable, shall not be impaired or otherwise
affected and shall continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent
permitted by law.   (b) BINDING EFFECT AND ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement and
all of the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit
of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns,
but, except as otherwise specifically provided herein, neither this Agreement
nor any of the rights, interests or obligations of the parties hereto may be
assigned by either of the parties without prior written consent of the other
party hereto.   (c) AMENDMENTS AND MODIFICATION. This Agreement may not be
modified, amended, altered or supplemented except upon the execution and
delivery of a written agreement executed by the parties hereto.   (d)
INJUNCTIVE RELIEF. Each of the parties acknowledge that (i) the covenants and
the restrictions contained in this Agreement are necessary, fundamental, and
required for the protection of Parent and the Company and to preserve for
Parent the benefits of the Merger; (ii) such covenants relate to matters
which are of a special, unique, and extraordinary character that gives each
of such covenants a special, unique, and extraordinary value; and (iii)
a breach of any such covenants or any other provision of this Agreement
shall result in irreparable harm and damages to Parent and the Company which
cannot be adequately compensated by a monetary award. Accordingly, it is
expressly agreed that in addition to all other remedies available at law or
in equity, Parent and the Company shall be entitled to the immediate remedy
of a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction, or such other form
of injunctive or equitable relief as may be used by any court of competent
jurisdiction to restrain or enjoin any of the parties hereto from breaching
any such covenant or provision or to specifically enforce the provisions
hereof.   (e) GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of
the State of Delaware without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law
provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other
jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any
jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware.   (f) ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This
Agreement sets forth the entire understanding of Affiliate and Parent
relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and
understandings between Affiliate and Parent relating to the subject matter
hereof.   (g) FURTHER ASSURANCES. Affiliate shall execute and/or cause to
be delivered to Parent such instruments and other documents and shall take
such other actions as Parent may reasonably request to effectuate the intent
and purposes of this Agreement.   (h) THIRD PARTY RELIANCE. Counsel to and
independent auditors for Parent and the Company shall be entitled to rely
upon this Affiliate Agreement.   (i) SURVIVAL. The representations,
warranties, covenants and other provisions contained in this Agreement shall
survive the Merger.   (j) NOTICES. All notices and other communications
pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and deemed to be sufficient if
contained in a written instrument and shall be deemed given if delivered
personally, telecopied, sent by nationally-recognized overnight courier or
mailed by registered   3  or certified mail (return receipt requested),
postage prepaid, to the parties at the following address (or at such other
address for a party as shall be specified by like notice):   If to
Parent:   Polycom, Inc.  1565 Barber Lane  Milpitas, CA 95035  Attention:
Michael R. Kourey  Telephone No.: (408) 526-9000  Telecopy No.: (408) 526
9100   with a copy to:   Wilson, Sonsini, Goodrich and Rosati  Professional
Corporation  650 Page Mill Road  Palo Alto, California 94304-1050 
Attention: Mark A. Bertelsen, Esq.  Telephone No.: (650) 493-9300  Telecopy
No.: (650) 493-6811   and to:   Yigal Arnon and Co.  22 Rivlin Street 
Jerusalem 91000, Israel  Attention: Barry P. Levenfeld, Esq.  Telecopy No.:
(972-2) 623-9236   If to Affiliate:   To the address for notice set forth
on the signature page hereof.   (k) COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement shall be
executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same
instrument.   4   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this
Affiliate Agreement to be duly executed on the day and year first above
written.    ~~  POLYCOM, INC. AFFILIATE  By:
--------------------------------------- By:
---------------------------------------  Name:
------------------------------------- Affiliate\'s Address for
Notice:  Title: ----------------------------------- 
-------------------------------------------  
-------------------------------------------  
-------------------------------------------   Shares beneficially owned:  
------------ Ordinary Shares   ------------ Ordinary Shares issuable upon 
exercise of outstanding options   ------------ Ordinary Shares issuable
upon  exercise of outstanding warrants   ------------ shares of Parent
Common Stock    [SIGNATURE PAGE TO COMPANY AFFILIATE AGREEMENT]   EXHIBIT
C   PARENT AFFILIATE AGREEMENT   THIS PARENT AFFILIATE AGREEMENT (this
"AGREEMENT") is made and entered into as of December , 2000, among Polycom,
Inc., a Delaware corporation ("PARENT"), and the undersigned stockholder who
may be deemed an affiliate ("AFFILIATE") of Parent. Capitalized terms used
but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in
the Reorganization Agreement (as defined below).   RECITALS   A. Parent,
Merger Sub (as defined below) and Accord Networks Ltd., an  Israeli
corporation (the "COMPANY") have entered into an Agreement and Plan  of
Merger and Reorganization of even date herewith (the "REORGANIZATION 
AGREEMENT") which provides for the merger (the "MERGER") of a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Parent ("MERGER SUB") with and into the Company. Pursuant to 
the Merger, all outstanding capital stock of the Company (the "COMPANY 
CAPITAL STOCK") shall be converted into the right to receive Common Stock of 
Parent;   B. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Affiliate is
a  material inducement to Parent to enter into the Reorganization
Agreement;  and   C. Affiliate has been advised that Affiliate may be
deemed to be an  "affiliate" of Parent as the term "affiliate" is used (i)
for purposes of  Rule 144 of the Rules and Regulations (the "RULES AND
REGULATIONS") of the  United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the
"COMMISSION") and  (ii) in Accounting Series Releases 130 and 135, as
amended, although nothing  contained herein shall be construed as an
admission by Affiliate that  Affiliate is in fact an "affiliate" of
Parent.   NOW, THEREFORE, intending to be legally bound, the parties hereto
agree as follows:   1. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS BY AFFILIATE. Affiliate acknowledges
and understands that the representations, warranties and covenants by
Affiliate set forth herein shall be relied upon by Parent, the Company and
their respective affiliates, counsel and accounting firms, and that
substantial losses and damages may be incurred by these persons if
Affiliate\'s representations, warranties or covenants are breached. Affiliate
has carefully read this Agreement and the Reorganization Agreement and has
discussed the requirements of this Agreement with Affiliate\'s professional
advisors, who are qualified to advise Affiliate with regard to such
matters.   2. BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF COMPANY COMMON STOCK. Except for the
number of shares of Parent Common Stock ("PARENT COMMON STOCK"), options to
purchase Parent Common Stock, and warrants to purchase Parent Common Stock
set forth on the signature page hereto (the "SHARES"), Affiliate does not
beneficially own any equity securities of Parent or any option, warrant or
other right to acquire equity securities of Parent. Affiliate has not engaged
in any sale or other transfer of the Shares in contemplation of the Merger.
All shares of Parent Common Stock shall be subject to the provisions of this
Agreement as if held by Affiliate as of the date hereof.   3. COVENANTS
RELATED TO POOLING OF INTERESTS. In accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin
No. 65, during the period from the date 30 days prior to the Effective Time
until the day Parent publicly announces financial results covering at least
30 days of combined operations of Parent and the Company (the "RESTRICTED
PERIOD"), Affiliate shall not sell, exchange, transfer, pledge, distribute,
make any gift or otherwise dispose of or grant any option, establish any
"short" or put-equivalent position with respect to or enter into any
similar transaction (through derivatives or otherwise) intended or having the
effect, directly or indirectly, to reduce Affiliate\'s risk relative to any
shares of Parent Common Stock (including the Shares). Parent may, at its
discretion, place a stop transfer notice consistent with the foregoing, with
respect to Affiliate\'s shares of Parent Common Stock provided that such
notice shall be countermanded as soon as practicable upon expiration of the
necessity therefor.   4. TERMINATION. This Agreement shall be terminated and
shall be of no further force and effect in the event of the termination of
the Reorganization Agreement pursuant to Article VII thereof.   5.
MISCELLANEOUS.   (a) WAIVER; SEVERABILITY. No waiver by any party hereto of
any condition  or of any breach of any provision of this Agreement shall be
effective  unless in writing and signed by each party hereto. In the event
that any  provision of this Agreement, or the application of any such
provision to any  person, entity or set of circumstances, shall be determined
to be invalid,  unlawful, void or unenforceable to any extent, the remainder
of this  Agreement, and the application of such provision to persons,
entities or  circumstances other than those as to which it is determined to
be invalid,  unlawful, void or unenforceable, shall not be impaired or
otherwise affected  and shall continue to be valid and enforceable to the
fullest extent  permitted by law.   (b) BINDING EFFECT AND ASSIGNMENT. This
Agreement and all of the  provisions hereof shall be binding upon and inure
to the benefit of the  parties hereto and their respective successors and
permitted assigns, but,  except as otherwise specifically provided herein,
neither this Agreement nor  any of the rights, interests or obligations of
the parties hereto may be  assigned by either of the parties without prior
written consent of the other  party hereto.   (c) AMENDMENTS AND
MODIFICATION. This Agreement may not be modified,  amended, altered or
supplemented except upon the execution and delivery of a  written agreement
executed by the parties hereto.   (d) INJUNCTIVE RELIEF. Each of the parties
acknowledge that (i) the  covenants and the restrictions contained in this
Agreement are necessary,  fundamental, and required for the protection of
Parent and the Company and  to preserve for Parent the benefits of the
Merger; (ii) such covenants  relate to matters which are of a special,
unique, and extraordinary  character that gives each of such covenants a
special, unique, and  extraordinary value; and (iii) a breach of any such
covenants or any other  provision of this Agreement shall result in
irreparable harm and damages to  Parent and the Company which cannot be
adequately compensated by a monetary  award. Accordingly, it is expressly
agreed that in addition to all other  remedies available at law or in equity,
Parent and the Company shall be  entitled to the immediate remedy of a
temporary restraining order,  preliminary injunction, or such other form of
injunctive or equitable relief  as may be used by any court of competent
jurisdiction to restrain or enjoin  any of the parties hereto from breaching
any such covenant or provision or  to specifically enforce the provisions
hereof.   (e) GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed,  interpreted and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of
the State  of Delaware without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law
provision  or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other
jurisdiction) that  would cause the application of the laws of any
jurisdiction other than the  State of Delaware.   (f) ENTIRE AGREEMENT.
This Agreement, the Reorganization Agreement and  the other agreements
referred to in the Reorganization Agreement set forth  the entire
understanding of Affiliate and Parent relating to the subject  matter hereof
and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and  understandings between
Affiliate and Parent relating to the subject matter  hereof and thereof.  
(g) FURTHER ASSURANCES. Affiliate shall execute and/or cause to be  delivered
to Parent such instruments and other documents and shall take such  other
actions as Parent may reasonably request to effectuate the intent and 
purposes of this Agreement.   (h) THIRD PARTY RELIANCE. Counsel to and
independent auditors for Parent  and the Company shall be entitled to rely
upon this Agreement.   (i) SURVIVAL. The representations, warranties,
covenants and other  provisions contained in this Agreement shall survive the
Merger.   2   (j) NOTICES. All notices and other communications pursuant
to this  Agreement shall be in writing and deemed to be sufficient if
contained in a  written instrument and shall be deemed given if delivered
personally,  telecopied, sent by nationally-recognized overnight courier or
mailed by  registered or certified mail (return receipt requested), postage
prepaid, to  the parties at the following address (or at such other address
for a party  as shall be specified by like notice):   If to Parent:  
Polycom, Inc.  1565 Barber Lane  Milpitas, CA 95035  Attention: Michael R.
Kourey  Telephone No.: (408) 526-9000  Telecopy No.: (408) 526 9100   with
a copy to:   Wilson, Sonsini, Goodrich and Rosati  Professional Corporation 
650 Page Mill Road  Palo Alto, California 94304-1050  Attention: Mark A.
Bertelsen, Esq.  Telephone No.: (650) 493-9300  Telecopy No.: (650)
493-6811   and to:   Yigal Arnon and Co.  22 Rivlin Street  Jerusalem
91000, Israel  Attention: Barry P. Levenfeld, Esq.  Telecopy No.: (972-2)
623-9236   If to Affiliate:   To the address for notice set forth on the
signature page hereof.   (k) Counterparts. This Agreement shall be executed
in one or more  counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and
all of which  together shall constitute one and the same instrument.  
3   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Parent Affiliate
Agreement to be duly executed on the day and year first above written.   
~~  POLYCOM, INC. AFFILIATE  By: ---------------------------------------
By: -----------------------------------------  Name:
------------------------------------ Affiliate\'s Address for
Notice:  Title: -------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------  
---------------------------------------------  
---------------------------------------------  Shares beneficially owned: 
------- shares of Parent Common Stock  ------- shares of Parent Common
Stock  issuable upon exercise of outstanding options  and warrants and other
rights to  acquire shares of Parent Common Stock    [SIGNATURE PAGE TO
PARENT AFFILIATE AGREEMENT]   4   EXHIBIT D   NON-COMPETITION
AGREEMENT   THIS NON-COMPETITION AGREEMENT (the "AGREEMENT") is made as of
the Effective Date (as defined below) by and between Polycom, Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("PARENT"), Accord Networks Ltd., an Israeli corporation
("ACCORD") (Parent and Accord are sometimes collectively referred to herein
as the "COMPANY"), and the undersigned individual ("EMPLOYEE"). Capitalized
terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed
to them in the Reorganization Agreement (as defined below).  
BACKGROUND   A. Parent, Accord and Merger Sub Ltd., a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Parent ("SUB") have entered into an Agreement and Plan of
Merger and Reorganization dated as of December 5, 2000 (the "REORGANIZATION
AGREEMENT"), whereby Sub will merge with and into Accord (the "MERGER"). The
Effective Time of the Merger shall be the "EFFECTIVE DATE" of this
Agreement.   B. Parent and Employee acknowledge that it would be seriously
detrimental to the Company if Employee would compete with the Company
following the Merger.   C. In connection with the Merger, to preserve the
value of the business being acquired by Parent, the Reorganization Agreement
contemplates, among other things, that Employee enter into this Agreement and
that this Agreement become effective upon the closing of the Merger.   D.
Accord is currently engaged or planning to engage in its business in each of
the fifty (50) states of the United States and internationally.
Parent, following the Merger, will continue conducting such business in all
parts of the United States and internationally.   NOW THEREFORE, in
consideration of the mutual promises made herein, Parent, Accord and Employee
(collectively referred to as the "PARTIES") hereby agree as follows:   1.
COVENANT NOT TO COMPETE OR SOLICIT.   (a) For the term of Employee\'s
employment with the Company and a period  of fifteen (15) months following
the cessation of his employment with the  Company (the "NON-COMPETE PERIOD"),
Employee shall not directly or  indirectly, without the prior written consent
of Parent:   (i) engage anywhere in the Restricted Territory in (whether as
an  employee, agent, consultant, advisor, independent contractor,
proprietor,  partner, officer, director or otherwise), or have any ownership
interest  in (except for ownership of one percent (1%) or less of any entity
whose  securities have been registered under Section 12 of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or similar laws in other  jurisdictions),
or participate in the financing, operation, management or  control of, any
firm, partnership, corporation, entity or business that  engages or
participates in a "Competing Business Purpose"; or   (ii) interfere with the
business or contractual relationship between  the Company and any supplier or
customer of the Company.   The term "Competing Business Purpose" shall mean
the below business activities that Employee engaged in while employed with
the Company and that are in competition with Polycom products existing or
planned on the date of termination and are directly related to the design,
engineering, manufacture, sale or distribution of competing equipment,
including voice and video communications gateways, bridges, group or desktop
endpoints and any software specifically used in the management of such
equipment.   The term Restricted Territory shall mean each and every
country, province, state, city or other political subdivision of the world in
which the Employee carried on the business of the Company.   (b) During the
Non-Compete Period, Employee shall not, directly or  indirectly, without the
prior written consent of Parent, (i) solicit,  encourage, hire or induce any
employee or consultant of the   Company to terminate his or her employment
or consulting relationship with  the Company or (ii) interfere in any manner
with the contractual or  employment relationship between the Company and any
employee of the Company.   (c) The covenants contained in the preceding
paragraphs shall be  construed as a series of separate covenants, one for
each country, province,  state, city or other political subdivision of the
world in which the Company  is currently engaged or during the term of this
Agreement engages in  business or otherwise sells its products. Except for
geographic coverage,  each such separate covenant shall be identical in terms
to the covenant  contained in the preceding paragraphs. If, in any judicial
or arbitral  proceeding, a court refuses to enforce any of such separate
covenants (or  any part thereof), then such unenforceable covenant (or such
part) shall be  eliminated from this Agreement to the extent necessary to
permit the  remaining separate covenants (or portions thereof) to be
enforced. In the  event that the provisions of this Section 1 are deemed to
exceed the time,  geographic or scope limitations permitted by applicable
law, then such  provisions shall be reformed to the maximum time, geographic
or scope  limitations, as the case may be, permitted by applicable laws.  
(d) Employee acknowledges that (i) the goodwill associated with the  existing
business, customers and assets of Accord prior to the Merger is an  integral
component of the value of Accord to Parent and is reflected in the 
consideration to be received by Employee as a shareholder and  (ii)
Employee\'s agreement as set forth herein is necessary to preserve the  value
of Accord for Parent following the Merger. Employee also acknowledges  that
the limitations of time, geography and scope of activity agreed to in  this
Agreement are reasonable because, among other things, (i) Accord and  Parent
are engaged in a highly competitive industry and (ii) Employee has  unique
access to, and will continue to have access to, the trade secrets and  know-
how of the Company, including without limitation the plans and strategy  of
the Company.   (e) The parties agree that it would be impossible or
inadequate to  measure and calculate the Company\'s damages from any breach
of the covenants  set forth in this Agreement. Accordingly, Employee agrees
that if he  breaches any provision of this Agreement, the Company will have
available,  in addition to any other right or remedy otherwise available, the
right to  obtain an injunction from a court of competent jurisdiction
restraining such  breach or threatened breach and to specific performance of
any such  provision of this Agreement and to arbitration of the Agreement.
The parties  further agree that no damages be required for such equitable
relief. Each  party hereby expressly consents to the issuance of such
injunctive relief,  whether in the form of a temporary restraining order or
otherwise, and to  the ordering of such specific performance upon the other
party satisfying  all criteria necessary to obtain such injunctive relief or
specific  performance.   2. CONFLICTING OBLIGATIONS. Employee certifies
that Employee has no outstanding agreement or obligation that is in conflict
with any of the provisions of this Agreement, or that would preclude Employee
from complying with the provisions hereof, and further certifies that
Employee will not enter into any such conflicting agreement during the term
of this Agreement.   3. RETURNING COMPANY DOCUMENTS. Employee agrees that,
at the time of leaving the employ of the Company, Employee will deliver to
the Company (and will not keep in Employee\'s possession, recreate or deliver
to anyone else) any and all devices, records, data, notes, reports,
proposals, lists, correspondence, specifications, drawings, blueprints,
sketches, materials, equipment other documents or property, or reproductions
of any aforementioned items developed by the Employee pursuant to Employee\'s
employment with the Company or otherwise belonging to the Company, its
successors or assigns.   4. NOTIFICATION OF NEW EMPLOYER. In the event that
Employee leaves the employ of the Company, Employee hereby grants consent to
notification by the Company to Employee\'s new employer about Employee\'s
obligations under this Agreement.   2   5. ARBITRATION. Employee agrees
that, except as provided in Section 1(e) above, any dispute or controversy
arising out of, relating to, or in connection with this Agreement, or the
interpretation, validity, construction, performance, breach or termination
thereof, shall be decided by arbitration by the American Arbitration
Association (the "ASSOCIATION") in accordance with the rules and regulations
of the Association.   The parties shall, within 30 days of the date of
demand by either party for arbitration, mutually select one independent,
qualified arbitrator. Each party reserves the right to object to any
individual arbitrator who shall be employed by or affiliated with a competing
organization. In the event objection is made, the Association shall resolve
any dispute regarding the propriety of an individual arbitrator acting in
that capacity. Company shall bear the expenses of the arbitrator. Hearings in
the proceeding shall commence within 120 days of the selection of the
arbitrator.   Arbitration shall take place in Atlanta, Georgia. At the
request of either party, arbitration proceedings will be conducted
confidentially; in such case all documents, testimony and records shall be
received, heard and maintained by the arbitrators in confidence under seal,
available for the inspection only by the Association, the parties and their
respective attorneys and their respective experts who shall agree in advance
and in writing to receive all such information confidentially and to maintain
such information in confidence. The arbitrator shall be able to decree any
and all relief of an equitable and legal nature, including but not limited to
such relief as a temporary restraining order, a temporary and/or a permanent
injunction, and shall also be able to award damages, with or without an
accounting and costs.   Reasonable notice of the time and place of
arbitration shall be given to all persons, other than the parties, as shall
be required by law, in which case such persons or those authorized
representatives shall have the right to attend and/or participate in all the
arbitration hearings in such manner as the law shall require.   EMPLOYEE
HAS READ AND UNDERSTANDS THIS SECTION 6, WHICH DISCUSSES ARBITRATION.
EMPLOYEE UNDERSTANDS THAT BY SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT, EMPLOYEE AGREES, EXCEPT
AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 1(e) ABOVE, TO SUBMIT ANY CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF,
RELATING TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, OR THE INTERPRETATION,
VALIDITY, CONSTRUCTION, PERFORMANCE, BREACH OR TERMINATION THEREOF TO A
BINDING ARBITRATION, AND THAT THIS ARBITRATION CLAUSE CONSTITUTES A WAIVER OF
EMPLOYEE\'S RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL AND RELATES TO THE RESOLUTION OF
ALL DISPUTES RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.   6. MISCELLANEOUS.   (a)
SEVERABILITY. If any portion of this Agreement is held by a court of 
competent jurisdiction to conflict with any federal, state or local law, 
such portion of this Agreement shall be of no force or effect and this 
Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and be construed 
as if such portion had not been included in this Agreement.   (b) NO
ASSIGNMENT. Employee shall not assign this Agreement or any  rights or
obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent  of Parent
and Accord.   (c) NOTICE. All notices and other communications hereunder
shall be in  writing and shall be deemed given if delivered personally or by
commercial  delivery service, or mailed by registered or certified mail
(return receipt  requested) or sent via facsimile (with acknowledgment of
complete  transmission) to the parties at the following addresses (or at such
other  address for a party as shall be specified by like notice):   (i) if
to Parent, to:   Polycom, Inc.  1565 Barber Lane   3   Milpitas, CA
95035  Attention: Michael R. Kourey  Telephone No.: (408) 526-9000 
Facsimile No.: (408) 526-9100   with a copy to:   Wilson Sonsini Goodrich
and Rosati  650 Page Mill Road  Palo Alto, California 94304-1050  Attention:
Mark A. Bertelsen, Esq.  Telephone No.: (650) 493-9300  Facsimile No.: (650)
493-6811   (ii) if to Employee to:  
---------------------------------------------------  
---------------------------------------------------  
---------------------------------------------------  
---------------------------------------------------  
---------------------------------------------------  Telephone No.: 
------------------------------------  Facsimile No.: 
-------------------------------------   (iii) with a copy to:  
---------------------------------------------------  
---------------------------------------------------  
---------------------------------------------------  
---------------------------------------------------  
---------------------------------------------------  Attention: 
-----------------------------------------  Telephone No.: 
------------------------------------  Facsimile No.: 
-------------------------------------   (d) ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement
contains the entire agreement and  understanding of the parties and
supersedes all prior discussions,  agreements and understandings relating to
the subject matter of this  Agreement. This Agreement may not be changed or
modified, except by an  agreement in writing executed by Parent and
Employee.   (e) WAIVER OF BREACH. The waiver of a breach of any term or
provision of  this Agreement, which must be in writing, shall not operate as
or be  construed to be a waiver of any other previous or subsequent breach of
this  Agreement.   (f) GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed,
construed and  enforced by the internal laws of the State of Georgia without
giving effect  to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of
the State of  Georgia or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the
application of the  laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Georgia.
Employee hereby  consents to the personal jurisdiction of the state and
federal courts  located in the State of Georgia for any action or proceeding
arising from or  relating to this Agreement or relating to any arbitration in
which the  parties are participants.   4   (g) HEADINGS. All captions and
section headings used in this Agreement  are for convenient reference only
and do not form a part of this Agreement.   (h) COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement
may be executed in counterparts, and  each counterpart shall have the same
force and effect as an original and  shall constitute an effective, binding
agreement on the part of each of the  undersigned.   (i) ATTORNEYS FEES. In
the event of any action under this Agreement,  each party shall bear their
respective expenses.   5   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed
this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.    ~~
 POLYCOM, INC. EMPLOYEE  By:  -------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------  Name:  Title:
---------------------------------------  (Print Name)  ACCORD NETWORKS
LTD.  By:  -------------------------------------------  Name: 
Title:    [SIGNATURE PAGE TO NON-COMPETITION AGREEMENT]   6   '

