 EXHIBIT 10.1     EXHIBIT
10.1  ================================================================================  
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   DATED AS OF JUNE 25, 2006   BY AND
BETWEEN   FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC.   AND   FIDELITY
NATIONAL FINANCIAL,
INC.  ================================================================================    
TABLE OF CONTENTS     Page  ----  ~~  ARTICLE I THE
MERGER..................................................... 2  SECTION 1.1.
The Merger.............................................. 2  SECTION 1.2.
Closing................................................. 2  SECTION 1.3.
Effective Time.......................................... 2  SECTION 1.4.
Effects of the Merger................................... 3  SECTION 1.5.
Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws................ 3  SECTION 1.6.
Directors and Officers.................................. 3  ARTICLE II
EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON THE SECURITIES OF THE
CONSTITUENT CORPORATIONS.............................................................
3  SECTION 2.1. Effect on Capital Stock................................. 3 
SECTION 2.2. FNF Stock Option Plans.................................. 4 
SECTION 2.3. Exchange of Certificates................................
6  ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES...............................
9  SECTION 3.1. Representations and Warranties of FNF................... 9 
SECTION 3.2. Representations and Warranties of the Company...........
16  ARTICLE IV COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PRIOR TO
MERGER..... 25  SECTION 4.1. Conduct of Business by the
Company...................... 25  SECTION 4.2. Other
Actions........................................... 27  ARTICLE V ADDITIONAL
AGREEMENTS.......................................... 28  SECTION 5.1.
Preparation of Form S-4 and the Proxy Statement......... 28  SECTION 5.2.
Treatment of Company Stock Options...................... 29  SECTION 5.3.
Meetings of Stockholders................................ 29  SECTION 5.4.
Access to Information; Confidentiality.................. 29  SECTION 5.5.
Reasonable Best Efforts................................. 29  SECTION 5.6.
Public Announcements.................................... 30  SECTION 5.7.
Acquisition Proposals................................... 30  SECTION 5.8.
Fiduciary Duties........................................ 30  SECTION 5.9.
Consents, Approvals and Filings......................... 31  SECTION 5.10.
Spin-Off................................................ 32  SECTION 5.11.
Affiliates and Certain Stockholders..................... 32  SECTION 5.12.
NYSE Listing............................................ 33  SECTION 5.13.
Stockholder Litigation.................................. 33  SECTION 5.14.
Action Relating to Stock Option Plans................... 33  SECTION 5.15.
Section 16 Matters...................................... 33  SECTION 5.16.
Related Party Agreements................................ 33       ~~  
SECTION 5.17. Company Common Stock Buy-Backs.......................... 34 
SECTION 5.18. Taxation................................................ 34 
SECTION 5.19. Takeover Statutes....................................... 34 
SECTION 5.20. Employee Benefits....................................... 34 
SECTION 5.21. Certegy Stock Incentive Plan Amendment..................
35  ARTICLE VI CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT.......................................... 35  SECTION 6.1.
Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect the 
Merger.................................................. 35  SECTION 6.2.
Conditions to Obligations of Company.................... 36  SECTION 6.3.
Conditions to Obligation of FNF......................... 37  ARTICLE VII
TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER............................ 38  SECTION
7.1. Termination............................................. 38  SECTION
7.2. Effect of Termination................................... 39  SECTION
7.3. Amendment............................................... 39  SECTION
7.4. Consent; Extension; Waiver.............................. 40  ARTICLE
VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS.......................................... 40  SECTION
8.1. Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties........... 40  SECTION
8.2. Fees, Expenses and Transfer Taxes....................... 40  SECTION
8.3. Definitions............................................. 40  SECTION
8.4. Notices................................................. 44  SECTION
8.5. Interpretation.......................................... 45  SECTION
8.6. Counterparts............................................ 45  SECTION
8.7. Entire Agreement; Third-Party Beneficiaries............. 45  SECTION
8.8. Assignment.............................................. 45  SECTION
8.9. Governing Law........................................... 46  SECTION
8.10. Enforcement; Venue; Waiver of Jury Trial................ 46  SECTION
8.11. Severability............................................
46   EXHIBITS  Exhibit A Securities Exchange and Distribution
Agreement Exhibit B Form of Assumption Agreement Exhibit C Form of Affiliate
Letter Exhibit D Form of Cross-Indemnity Agreement Exhibit E Form of Tax
Disaffiliation Agreement Exhibit F Form of FNF Officer\'s
Certificate Exhibit G Form of Company Officer\'s Certificate    -ii-   
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of June 25, 2006 (this "Agreement")
between Fidelity National Information Services, Inc., a Georgia corporation
(the "Company"), and Fidelity National Financial, Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("FNF").   WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of each of
the Company and FNF has adopted resolutions approving this Agreement and the
merger of FNF with and into the Company (the "Merger") on the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement and in accordance with
the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the "DGCL") and the
Georgia Business Corporation Code (the "GBCC");   WHEREAS, the Board of
Directors of FNF, pursuant to the recommendation of a special committee of
independent members of the Board of Directors of FNF (the "FNF Special
Committee"), deems it advisable and in the best interests of FNF and its
stockholders, in order to advance the long-term business interest of FNF,
that it be merged with and into the Company, all upon the terms and
subject to the conditions of this Agreement;   WHEREAS, the Board of
Directors of the Company, pursuant to the recommendation of a special
committee of independent members of the Board of Directors of the Company
(the "Company Special Committee"), deems it advisable and in the best
interests of the Company and its shareholders, in order to advance the long-
term business interest of the Company, that FNF be merged with and into the
Company, all upon the terms and subject to the conditions of
this Agreement;   WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of FNF has approved
pursuing a plan for the transfer, prior to the proposed Spin-off (as defined
herein), to one of its subsidiaries, Fidelity National Title Group, Inc.
("FNT"), of all of the shares of capital stock of certain of its subsidiaries
and other assets and Liabilities (as defined herein), certain related
reorganization transactions, and the distribution immediately prior to the
Effective Time (as defined herein) of all the shares of capital stock of FNT
held by FNF on a pro rata basis to the holders of the common stock, par value
$.0001 per share, of FNF ("FNF Common Stock") as of the record date for such
distribution (such distribution, the "Spin-off"), all of the foregoing to be
effected pursuant to the Securities Exchange and Distribution Agreement,
dated as of the date hereof and attached hereto as Exhibit A between FNF and
FNT (the "Securities Exchange Agreement"), and the other agreements attached
as annexes to or referred to in the Securities Exchange Agreement (such
agreements, together with the Securities Exchange Agreement, the "Spin-Off
Agreements"), all of which have been or will be executed and delivered by FNF
and the other parties thereto prior to the Effective Time;   WHEREAS, it is
intended that for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Merger shall qualify
as a reorganization under the provisions of Section 368(a)(1)(A) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder (the "Code"), and this Agreement shall constitute a
plan of reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Code and the parties
hereto shall each be a party to such reorganization within the meaning of the
Code; and     WHEREAS, the Company and FNF desire to make certain
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in connection with the
Merger and also to prescribe various conditions to the Merger.   NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and
agreements contained in this Agreement, the adequacy of which is hereby
acknowledged by each party, the parties agree as follows:   ARTICLE I  
THE MERGER   SECTION 1.1. The Merger. Upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in this Agreement, and in accordance with the DGCL and
the GBCC, FNF shall be merged with and into the Company at the Effective
Time. At the Effective Time, the separate corporate existence of FNF shall
cease, and the Company shall continue as the surviving corporation in the
Merger (the "Surviving Company").   SECTION 1.2. Closing. Unless this
Agreement shall have been terminated and the transactions herein contemplated
shall have been abandoned pursuant to Section 7.1 or unless otherwise
mutually agreed in writing between the Company and FNF, the closing of the
Merger (the "Closing") will take place on the same business day as, and
immediately after, the completion of the Spin-off pursuant to the Securities
Exchange Agreement, subject to the fulfillment or waiver of the conditions
set forth in Article VI of this Agreement (other than those to be fulfilled
or waived as of the Closing, but subject to the fulfillment or waiver of
those conditions) in accordance with this Agreement, at the offices
of LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene and MacRae LLP, 125 West 55th Street, New York, New
York, unless another date, time or place is agreed to in writing by the
parties hereto. The actual date and time of the Closing are herein referred
to as the "Closing Date". For purposes of this Agreement, the term "business
day" shall mean any day ending at 11:59 p.m. (Eastern Time) other than a
Saturday or Sunday or a day on which banks are required or authorized to
close in The City of New York.   SECTION 1.3. Effective Time. The parties
hereto will (i) file with the Secretary of State of the State of Georgia (the
"Georgia Secretary of State") on the date of the Closing (or on such other
date as the Company and FNF may agree) a certificate of merger (the "Georgia
Certificate of Merger") relating to the Merger and any other appropriate
documents, executed in accordance with the relevant provisions of the GBCC,
(ii) file with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the "Delaware
Secretary of State"), a certificate of merger (the "Delaware Certificate of
Merger") relating to the Merger, executed and acknowledged in accordance with
the relevant provisions of the DGCL and (iii) make all other filings or
recordings required under the GBCC and the DGCL in connection with the
Merger. The Merger shall become effective (the "Effective Time") when the
Georgia Certificate of Merger and the Delaware Certificate of Merger have
been duly filed with the Georgia Secretary of State and the
Delaware Secretary of State, respectively, or at such later time as may be
agreed by the parties and specified in the Georgia Certificate of Merger and
the Delaware Certificate of Merger.    -2-     SECTION 1.4. Effects of
the Merger. The Merger shall have the effects set forth in the GBCC and the
DGCL.   SECTION 1.5. Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws.    (i) The
certificate of incorporation of the Company (the "Company  Charter"), as in
effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall  be the certificate of
incorporation of the Surviving Company until  thereafter changed or amended
as provided therein or under applicable  law.   (ii) The by-laws of the
Company (the "Company By-laws") as in  effect immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall, from and after  the Effective Time, be the by-laws of
the Surviving Company until  thereafter changed or amended as provided
therein or under applicable  law.   SECTION 1.6. Directors and
Officers.   (a) Directors. The parties hereto shall take all actions
necessary so  that the board of directors of the Company at the Effective
Time shall,  from and after the Effective Time, be comprised of the
individuals set  forth in Section 1.6(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
in the classes  set forth therein until their successors have been duly
elected or  appointed and qualified or until their earlier death, resignation
or  removal in accordance with the Company Charter and the Company By-
Laws.   (b) Officers. The parties hereto shall take all actions necessary
so  that the officers of the Company at the Effective Time and the
individuals  specified in Section 1.6(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
shall, from  and after the Effective Time, be the officers of the Surviving
Corporation  until their successors have been duly elected or appointed and
qualified or  until their earlier death, resignation or removal in accordance
with the  Company Charter and the Company By-Laws.   (c) In the event that
any person listed on Section 1.6(a) or 1.6(b) of  the Disclosure Schedule is
unwilling or unable to serve in the capacity  indicated, FNF and the Company
shall agree upon a substitute for such  person.   ARTICLE II   EFFECT OF
THE MERGER ON THE SECURITIES  OF THE CONSTITUENT CORPORATIONS   SECTION
2.1. Effect on Capital Stock. As of the Effective Time, by virtue of the
Merger and without any action on the part of the holder of any shares of FNF
Common Stock, or any other shares of capital stock of FNF:   (a)
Cancellation of Treasury Stock and Company-Owned Common Stock.  Each share of
FNF Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to  the Effective
Time that is owned by FNF or by the Company or any Company  Subsidiary (as
hereinafter defined) shall automatically cease to be  outstanding, be
cancelled and retired    -3-     and shall cease to exist, and no cash
or other consideration shall be  delivered or deliverable in exchange
therefor.   (b) Conversion of FNF Common Stock. Each share of FNF Common
Stock  issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, other
than  shares to be cancelled in accordance with Section 2.1(a) (such shares,
the  "Eligible Shares"), shall be converted into the right to receive the
number  of validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable shares of the common
stock  (the "Company Common Stock"), par value $.01 per share, of the Company
(the  "Stock Consideration") equal to the Conversion Number. The
"Conversion  Number" shall equal 96,214,500 divided by the number of Eligible
Shares,  rounded to the nearest ten thousandth. The Stock Consideration and
any cash  to be paid in accordance with Section 2.3 in lieu of fractional
shares of  the Company Common Stock are referred to collectively as the
"Merger  Consideration".    (c) Cancellation and Retirement of FNF Common
Stock. As of the  Effective Time, all certificates representing Eligible
Shares issued and  outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall
no longer be  outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled and retired
and shall  cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate representing any
such  shares of FNF Common Stock shall cease to have any rights with
respect  thereto, except the right to receive the Merger Consideration upon 
surrender of such certificate in accordance with Section 2.3, without 
interest, and any dividend or other distribution pursuant to Section 
2.3(d).   (d) FNF Restricted Stock. As of immediately prior to the
Effective  Time, certain shares of FNF Common Stock which when issued were
subject to  forfeiture under an FNF Stock Option Plan and which remain
subject to  forfeiture immediately prior to the Effective Time (each, an
"FNF  Restricted Share"), shall be replaced with restricted shares of FNT
common  stock pursuant to the Securities Exchange Agreement. As of the
Effective  Time, each FNF Restricted Share remaining outstanding (an
"Assumed  Restricted Share") shall be included in the conversion and
cancellation of  FNF Common Stock pursuant to Sections 2.1(b) and (c);
provided, however,  that upon conversion, such shares shall continue to be
subject to the same  terms, conditions and restrictions applicable to the
corresponding FNF  Restricted Shares based upon continued service with
Surviving Company and  its affiliates. All FNF Restricted Shares outstanding
as of May 31, 2006  are disclosed in Section 2.1(d) of the FNF Disclosure
Schedule. Section  2.1(d) of the FNF Disclosure Schedule also designates all
FNF Restricted  Shares that, if outstanding at the Effective Time, will be
Assumed  Restricted Shares.   SECTION 2.2. FNF Stock Option Plans.   (a)
Prior to the Effective Time, certain outstanding options to  purchase shares
of FNF Common Stock (an "FNF Stock Option") issued under  FNF\'s stock option
plans and award agreements (collectively, the "FNF Stock  Option Plans")
shall be replaced with options issued by FNT pursuant to the  Securities
Exchange Agreement. As of the Effective Time, each FNF Stock  Option
remaining outstanding designated as described below (an "Assumed  Option"),
and each FNF Stock Option Plan under which any of the foregoing  were issued
shall be assumed by the Company. All FNF Stock Options    -4-    
outstanding as of May 31, 2006 are disclosed in Section 2.2 of the 
Disclosure Schedule delivered by FNF to the Company at or prior to the 
execution of this Agreement (the "FNF Disclosure Schedule") and are 
designated as vested or unvested. Section 2.2 of the FNF Disclosure  Schedule
also designates all FNF Stock Options that, if outstanding at the  Effective
Time, will be Assumed Options. Each Assumed Option shall be  exercisable for
a number of shares of Company Common Stock calculated by  multiplying the
number of shares of FNF Common Stock subject to such FNF  Stock Option as of
the Effective Time by the Option Exchange Number,  rounding down to the
nearest whole number. The "Option Exchange Number"  shall equal the closing
price of a share of FNF Common Stock on the  business day immediately
preceding the Closing Date divided by the closing  price of a share of
Company Common Stock on the Closing Date (or, if the  Closing is consummated
after the close of trading on the NYSE on such date,  on the next business
day following the Closing Date), rounded to the  nearest ten thousandth. The
exercise price for each share of Company Common  Stock under an Assumed
Option shall be calculated by dividing the exercise  price for one share of
FNF Common Stock under the related FNF Stock Option  as of the Effective Time
by the Option Exchange Number, rounding up to the  nearest whole cent. No
vesting schedule for any Assumed Option shall be  modified as a result of the
transactions contemplated hereby.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
assumption of FNF Stock Options pursuant  to this Section 2.2(a) shall in all
circumstances satisfy Section  1.409A-1(b)(5)(v)(D) of the Proposed
Regulations under Section 409A of the  Code or any future guidance issued
thereunder.   (b) As soon as practicable after the Effective Time, the
Company shall  deliver to each person who, immediately prior to the Effective
Time, is the  holder of an Assumed Option an appropriate notice setting forth
such  holder\'s rights pursuant thereto and that the agreements evidencing
the  grants of such options shall continue in effect on the same terms and 
conditions (subject to the adjustments required by this Section 2.2 after 
giving effect to the Merger). At or before the Effective Time, the Company 
shall take all corporate action necessary to reserve for issuance a 
sufficient number of shares of Company Common Stock for delivery upon 
exercise of Assumed Options. As soon as practicable after the Effective  Time
(but in any event no later than 15 days following the Effective Time),  the
Company shall file a registration statement on Form S-8 (or any  successor
form) that will register the shares of Company Common Stock  subject to
Assumed Options to the extent permitted by federal securities  laws and shall
use its reasonable best efforts to maintain the  effectiveness of such
registration statement or registration statements for  so long as such
options remain outstanding. In addition, the Company shall  use all
reasonable best efforts to cause the shares of Company Common Stock  subject
to Assumed Options to be listed on the NYSE.   (c) Prior to the Effective
Time, FNF shall take all corporate action  necessary such that the FNF
Employee Stock Purchase Plan shall no longer be  sponsored or maintained by
FNF and shall not become an obligation of the  Company as a result of the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by  this Agreement. Any shares
of FNF Common Stock held in, or distributed  from, the FNF Employee Stock
Purchase Plan shall be included in the  conversion and cancellation of FNF
Common Stock pursuant to Sections 2.1(b)  and (c).    -5-     SECTION
2.3. Exchange of Certificates.   (a) Exchange Agent. As of the Effective
Time, the Company shall  deposit with a bank or trust company designated by
the Company with the  prior approval (such approval not to be unreasonably
withheld or delayed)  of FNF (the "Exchange Agent"), for the benefit of the
holders of Eligible  Shares (whether in certificated or book entry form),
certificates or, at  the Company\'s option, shares in book entry form
(collectively  "certificates") representing the aggregate Stock Consideration
issuable  pursuant to Section 2.1 in exchange for such shares of FNF Common
Stock.  Such certificates and all cash from sales of the aggregated
fractional  shares pursuant to Section 2.3(f), together with any dividends
or  distributions with respect to the Stock Consideration, are hereinafter 
referred to as the "Exchange Fund".   (b) Exchange Procedures. As soon as
practicable after the Effective  Time, each holder of an outstanding
certificate or certificates which prior  thereto represented Eligible Shares
shall, upon surrender to the Exchange  Agent of such certificate or
certificates in accordance with the terms of  the transmittal materials
described in Section 2.3(c) of this Agreement and  acceptance thereof by the
Exchange Agent, be entitled to a certificate  representing that number of
whole shares of Company Common Stock (and/or  cash in lieu of fractional
shares of Company Common Stock as contemplated  by Section 2.3(f)) which the
aggregate number of shares of FNF Common Stock  previously represented by
such certificate or certificates surrendered  shall have been converted into
the right to receive pursuant to Section  2.1(b) of this Agreement. The
Exchange Agent shall accept such certificates  upon compliance with such
reasonable terms and conditions as the Exchange  Agent may impose to effect
an orderly exchange thereof in accordance with  normal exchange practices. If
the consideration to be paid in the Merger  (or any portion thereof) is to be
delivered to any person other than the  person in whose name the certificate
representing shares of FNF Common  Stock surrendered in exchange therefor is
registered, it shall be a  condition to such exchange that the certificate so
surrendered shall be  properly endorsed or otherwise be in proper form for
transfer and that the  person requesting such exchange shall pay to the
Exchange Agent any  transfer or other taxes required by reason of the payment
of such  consideration to a person other than the registered holder of the 
certificate surrendered, or shall establish to the satisfaction of the 
Exchange Agent that such tax has been paid or is not applicable. After the 
Effective Time, there shall be no further transfer on the records of FNF or 
its transfer agent of shares of FNF Common Stock and if such certificates 
for Eligible Shares are presented to FNF for transfer, they shall be 
cancelled against delivery of the Merger Consideration as hereinabove 
provided. Until surrendered as contemplated by this Section 2.3(b), each 
certificate representing Eligible Shares shall be deemed at any time after 
the Effective Time to represent only the right to receive upon such 
surrender the Merger Consideration, without any interest thereon, as 
contemplated by Section 2.1. No interest will be paid or will accrue on any 
cash payable as Merger Consideration.   (c) Letter of Transmittal. Promptly
after the Effective Time (but in  no event more than five business days
thereafter), the Company shall  require the Exchange Agent to mail to each
record holder of certificates  that immediately prior to the Effective Time
represented shares of FNF  Common Stock which have been converted pursuant
to    -6-     Section 2.1, a letter of transmittal and instructions for
use in  surrendering such certificates and receiving the consideration to
which  such holder shall be entitled pursuant to Section 2.1, each in a
form  reasonably satisfactory to FNF and the Company.   (d) Distributions
with Respect to Unexchanged Shares; Voting. No  dividends or other
distributions with respect to Company Common Stock with  a record date after
the Effective Time shall be paid to the holder of any  certificate that
immediately prior to the Effective Time represented shares  of FNF Common
Stock which have been converted pursuant to Section 2.1,  until the surrender
for exchange of such certificate in accordance with  this Article II.
Following surrender for exchange of any such certificate,  there shall be
paid to the holder of such certificate, without interest,  (i) at the time of
such surrender, the amount of dividends or other  distributions with a record
date after the Effective Time theretofore paid  with respect to the number of
whole shares of Company Common Stock into  which the shares of FNF Common
Stock represented by such certificate  immediately prior to the Effective
Time were converted pursuant to Section  2.1, and (ii) at the appropriate
payment date, the amount of dividends or  other distributions with a record
date after the Effective Time, but prior  to such surrender, and with a
payment date subsequent to such surrender,  payable with respect to such
whole shares of Company Common Stock. Holders  of unsurrendered certificates
shall be entitled to vote after the Effective  Time at any meeting of Company
shareholders the number of whole shares of  Company Common Stock represented
by such certificates, regardless of  whether such holders have exchanged
their certificates.   (e) No Further Ownership Rights in Common Stock. The
Merger  Consideration paid upon the surrender for exchange of certificates 
representing shares of FNF Common Stock in accordance with the terms of  this
Article II shall be deemed to have been issued and paid in full  satisfaction
of all rights pertaining to the shares of FNF Common Stock  theretofore
represented by such certificates, subject, however, to the  Company\'s
obligation (if any) to pay any dividends or make any other  distributions
with a record date prior to the Effective Time which may have  been declared
by FNF on such shares of FNF Common Stock in accordance with  the terms of or
contemplated by this Agreement which remain unpaid at the  Effective
Time.   (f) No Fractional Shares.   (i) No certificates or scrip
representing fractional shares of  Company Common Stock shall be issued upon
the surrender for exchange  of certificates that immediately prior to the
Effective Time  represented shares of FNF Common Stock which have been
converted  pursuant to Section 2.1, and such fractional share interests will
not  entitle the owner thereof to vote or to any rights of a shareholder of 
the Company.   (ii) Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement to
the  contrary, any holder of shares of FNF Common Stock entitled to receive 
a fractional share of Company Common Stock but for this Section shall  be
entitled to receive a cash payment in lieu thereof, in an amount  equal to
such holder\'s proportionate interest in the net proceeds from  the sale or
sales in the open market    -7-     by the Exchange Agent, on behalf of
all such holders, of the shares of  Company Common Stock constituting the
excess of (i) the number of  whole shares of Company Common Stock delivered
to the Exchange Agent  by the Company over (ii) the aggregate number of whole
shares of  Company Common Stock to be distributed to holders of FNF Common
Stock  (such excess, the "Excess Shares"). As soon as practicable following 
the Effective Time, the Exchange Agent shall determine the number of  Excess
Shares and, as agent for the former holders of FNF Common  Stock, shall sell
the Excess Shares at the prevailing prices on the  New York Stock Exchange,
Inc. (the "NYSE"). The Exchange Agent shall  deduct from the proceeds of the
sale of the Excess Shares all  commissions, withholding taxes, transfer taxes
and other out-of-pocket  transaction costs, including the expenses and
compensation of the  Exchange Agent, incurred in connection with such sale of
Excess  Shares. Until the net proceeds of such sale have been distributed
to  the former holders of FNF Common Stock, the Exchange Agent will hold 
such proceeds in trust for such former holders. As soon as practicable  after
the determination of the amount of cash to be paid to such  former holders in
lieu of any fractional interests, the Exchange Agent  shall make available in
accordance with this Agreement such amounts to  such holders.   (g)
Termination of Exchange Fund. Any portion of the Exchange Fund  (including
the proceeds of any investments thereof) which remains  undistributed to the
holders of the certificates representing shares of FNF  Common Stock for 120
days after the Effective Time shall be delivered to  the Company, and any
holders of shares of FNF Common Stock who have not  theretofore complied with
this Article II shall thereafter look only to the  Company for payment of
their claim for any Merger Consideration and any  dividends or distributions
with respect to Company Common Stock.   (h) No Liability. None of the
Company, the Surviving Company or the  Exchange Agent shall be liable to any
person in respect of any shares,  cash, dividends or distributions payable
from the Exchange Fund delivered  to a public official pursuant to any
applicable abandoned property, escheat  or similar law. If any certificates
representing shares of FNF Common Stock  shall not have been surrendered
prior to five years after the Effective  Time (or immediately prior to such
earlier date on which any Merger  Consideration in respect of such
certificate would otherwise escheat to or  become the property of any
Governmental Entity), any such shares, cash,  dividends or distributions
payable in respect of such certificate shall, to  the extent permitted by
applicable law, become the property of the  Surviving Company, free and clear
of all claims or interest of any person  previously entitled thereto.   (i)
Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates. In the event that any  certificate
representing shares of FNF Common Stock shall have been lost,  stolen or
destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the  person
claiming such certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if  required
by Company, the posting by such person of a bond in customary  amount and
upon such terms as may be required by the Company as indemnity  against any
claim that may be made against it with respect to such  certificate, the
Exchange Agent will issue in exchange for such lost,  stolen or destroyed
certificate the shares of Company Common Stock and any  cash, unpaid
dividends or other    -8-     distributions that would be payable or
deliverable in respect thereof  pursuant to this Agreement had such lost,
stolen or destroyed certificate  been surrendered.   (j) Withholding
Rights. The Company and the Exchange Agent shall be  entitled to deduct and
withhold from the consideration otherwise payable  pursuant to this Agreement
to any holder of Shares such amounts as it is  required to deduct and
withhold with respect to the making of such payment  under the Code or any
other applicable state, local or foreign tax law. To  the extent that amounts
are so withheld, such withheld amounts (i) shall be  remitted by the Company
to the applicable Governmental Entity, and (ii)  shall be treated for all
purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to  the holder of shares of
FNF Common Stock in respect of which such deduction  and withholding was made
by the Company or the Exchange Agent.   (k) Adjustments. Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the  contrary, if, between the date of this
Agreement and the Effective Time,  the issued and outstanding shares of
Company Common Stock or securities  convertible or exchangeable into or
exercisable for shares of Company  Common Stock or the issued and outstanding
shares of FNF Common Stock or  securities convertible or exchangeable into or
exercisable for shares of  FNF Common Stock, shall have been changed into a
different number of shares  or a different class by reason of any
reclassification, stock split  (including a reverse stock split), stock
dividend or distribution,  recapitalization, redenomination, merger (but only
a merger involving the  Company and not FNF), issuer tender or exchange
offer, or other similar  transaction, then the Merger Consideration and any
other dependent items  shall be equitably adjusted and as so adjusted shall,
from and after the  date of such event, be the Merger Consideration or other
dependent item.   ARTICLE III   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES   SECTION
3.1. Representations and Warranties of FNF. FNF represents and warrants to
the Company as follows:   (a) Organization, Standing and Corporate Power.
FNF is a corporation  duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of  Delaware and has the requisite corporate power and
authority to carry on  its business as now being conducted. FNF is duly
qualified to do business  and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in
which the nature of its  business or the ownership or leasing of its
properties makes such  qualification necessary, other than in such
jurisdictions where the failure  to be so qualified (individually or in the
aggregate) would not have an FNF  Material Adverse Effect. The term "FNF
Material Adverse Effect" means any  material adverse effect on the ability of
FNF to perform its obligations  hereunder, or to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby, on a  timely basis. FNF has delivered or made available
to the Company complete  and correct copies of its Certificate of
Incorporation (the "FNF Charter")  and By-laws (the "FNF By-laws"), in each
case as amended to the date of  this Agreement.    -9-     (b) Capital
Structure. The authorized capital stock of FNF consists of  (i) 250,000,000
shares of FNF Common Stock and (ii) 3,000,000 shares of  preferred stock. At
the close of business on May 31, 2006, 175,790,428  shares of FNF Common
Stock were issued and outstanding, 13,608,696 shares  of FNF Common Stock
were reserved for issuance pursuant to outstanding  options under FNF Stock
Option Plans and 8,021,507 shares of FNF Common  Stock were held by FNF in
its treasury. Except as set forth above, at the  close of business on May 31,
2006, no shares of capital stock or other  equity securities of FNF were
issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding.  All outstanding shares of
capital stock of FNF are, and all shares which  may be issued pursuant to the
FNF Stock Option Plans will be, when issued,  duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and not  subject to preemptive rights.
No bonds, debentures, notes or other  indebtedness of FNF having the right to
vote (or convertible into, or  exchangeable for, securities having the right
to vote) on any matters on  which the stockholders of FNF may vote are issued
or outstanding. Except as  set forth above or in Section 3.1(b) of the FNF
Disclosure Schedule, there  are not any securities, options, warrants,
rights, commitments or  agreements of any kind to which FNF is a party or by
which it is bound  obligating it to issue, sell or deliver, or repurchase,
redeem or otherwise  acquire, shares of capital stock or other equity or
voting securities of  FNF, or obligating it to issue, sell, deliver, grant,
extend or enter into  any such security, option, warrant, right, commitment
or agreement. Except  as disclosed in Section 3.1(b) of the FNF Disclosure
Schedule, FNF is not a  party to or bound by any agreement, proxy or other
arrangement restricting  the transfer of FNF Common Stock or affecting the
voting of any shares of  capital stock of FNF.   (c) Authority;
Noncontravention. FNF has the requisite corporate power  and authority to
enter into this Agreement and, subject to the approval of  its stockholders
as set forth in Section 5.3 (the "FNF Stockholder  Approval"), to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  The execution and delivery
of this Agreement by FNF and the consummation by  FNF of the transactions
contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by  all necessary corporate
action on the part of FNF, subject to the approval  of its stockholders as
set forth in Section 6.1(a). This Agreement has been  duly executed and
delivered by FNF and, assuming this Agreement constitutes  the valid and
binding agreement of the Company, constitutes a valid and  binding obligation
of FNF, enforceable against FNF in accordance with its  terms, subject to the
effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency  (including all laws relating
to fraudulent transfers), reorganization,  moratorium or similar laws
affecting creditors\' rights generally and  subject to the effect of general
principles of equity. Except as disclosed  in Section 3.1(c) of the FNF
Disclosure Schedule, the execution and  delivery of this Agreement do not,
and the consummation of the transactions  contemplated by this Agreement and
compliance with the provisions hereof  will not, (i) conflict with any of the
provisions of the FNF Charter or FNF  By-laws, (ii) subject to the matters
referred to in the next sentence,  conflict with, result in a breach of or
default (with or without notice or  lapse of time, or both) under, give rise
to a right of termination,  cancellation or acceleration of any obligation or
loss of a material  benefit under, require the consent of any person under,
or result in the  creation of any Lien on any property or asset of FNF under,
any indenture  or other agreement, permit, franchise, license or other
instrument or  undertaking to which FNF is a party or by which FNF or any of
its assets is  bound or affected, or (iii) subject to    -10-     the
matters referred to in the next sentence, contravene any statute, law, 
ordinance, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree, 
determination or award applicable to FNF or any of its properties or  assets,
which, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), individually or in  the
aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have an FNF Material Adverse 
Effect. No consent, approval or authorization of, or declaration or filing 
with, or notice to, any court or governmental or regulatory authority or 
agency, domestic or foreign (a "Governmental Entity"), is required by or 
with respect to FNF in connection with the execution and delivery of this 
Agreement by FNF or the consummation by FNF of the transactions  contemplated
hereby, except for (i) the approvals, filings and/or notices  required under
the insurance laws of the jurisdictions set forth in Section  3.1(c)(i) of
the FNF Disclosure Schedule, (ii) the filing with the  Securities and
Exchange Commission (the "SEC") of such reports and other  filings under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  "Exchange Act"), as may be
required in connection with this Agreement and  the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, (iii) the filing of the  Delaware Certificate of Merger
and the Georgia Certificate of Merger with  the Delaware Secretary of State
and the Georgia Secretary of State,  respectively, and appropriate documents
with the relevant authorities of  other states in which FNF is qualified to
do business, (iv) such other  consents, approvals, authorizations,
declarations, filings or notices as  are set forth in Section 3.1(c)(ii) of
the FNF Disclosure Schedule and (v)  such other consents, approvals,
authorizations, declarations, filings or  notices the failure to obtain or
make which, in the aggregate, would not  have an FNF Material Adverse
Effect.   (d) SEC Documents; Financial Statements. FNF has filed all
required  reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents with the
SEC  since January 1, 2003 (such reports, schedules, forms, statements and
other  documents, as amended to the date hereof, are hereinafter referred to
as  the "FNF SEC Documents"). As of their respective dates, the FNF SEC 
Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or the Exchange 
Act, as the case may be, and the rules and regulations of the SEC 
promulgated thereunder applicable to such FNF SEC Documents, and none of  the
FNF SEC Documents as of such dates contained any untrue statement of a 
material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated 
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of 
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Except to the 
extent that information contained in any FNF SEC Document has been revised 
or superseded by a later Filed FNF SEC Document (as defined herein), none  of
the FNF SEC Documents contains any untrue statement of a material fact  or
omits to state any material fact required to be stated therein or  necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in light of the  circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading. The consolidated  financial statements
of FNF included in the FNF SEC Documents comply as to  form in all material
respects with applicable accounting requirements and  the published rules and
regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, have  been prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles  (except, in the
case of unaudited consolidated quarterly statements, as  permitted by Form
10-Q of the SEC) applied on a consistent basis during the  periods involved
(except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and  present fairly, in all
material respects, the consolidated financial  position of FNF and its
consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates thereof  and the consolidated
results of their operations and cash flows for the  periods then ended
(subject,    -11-     in the case of unaudited quarterly statements, to
normal year-end  adjustments). Except as set forth in the Filed FNF SEC
Documents, as of the  date hereof, FNF has no Liabilities required by
generally accepted  accounting principles to be set forth on a consolidated
balance sheet of  FNF and its consolidated subsidiaries or in the notes
thereto, other than  Liabilities (i) incurred since March 31, 2006 in the
ordinary course of  business consistent with past practice or (ii) that would
not, individually  or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have an FNF
Material Adverse  Effect.   (e) Absence of Certain Changes or Events.
Except as disclosed in the  FNF SEC Documents filed and publicly available
prior to the date of this  Agreement (the "Filed FNF SEC Documents") or in
Section 3.1(e) of the FNF  Disclosure Schedule or in connection with the
transactions contemplated  hereby, since the date of the most recent audited
financial statements  included in the Filed FNF SEC Documents, FNF has
conducted its business  only in the ordinary course, and there has not been
(i) any change,  circumstance, effect, event, development or occurrence that,
individually  or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to
have an FNF  Material Adverse Effect, (ii) any declaration, setting aside or
payment of  any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, stock or
property)  with respect to any of FNF\'s outstanding capital stock (except
for ordinary  quarterly cash dividends), (iii) any split, combination or
reclassification  of any of its outstanding capital stock or any issuance or
the  authorization of any issuance of any other securities in respect of,
in  lieu of or in substitution for shares of its outstanding capital stock, 
(iv) (x) any granting by FNF to any of the President, the Chief Executive 
Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the General Counsel or any Executive 
Vice President (the "Executive Officers") of FNF of any increase in 
compensation, except in the ordinary course of business consistent with 
prior practice or as was required under employment agreements in effect as 
of the date of the most recent audited financial statements included in the 
Filed FNF SEC Documents, (y) any granting by FNF to any such Executive 
Officer of any increase in severance or termination pay, except as was 
required under any employment, severance or termination agreements in  effect
as of the date of the most recent audited financial statements  included in
the Filed FNF SEC Documents or (z) any entry by FNF into any  employment,
severance or termination agreement with any such Executive  Officer or (v)
any change in accounting methods, principles or practices by  FNF materially
affecting its assets, Liabilities or business, except  insofar as may have
been required by a change in generally accepted  accounting principles.  
(f) Absence of Changes in Benefit Plans. Except as disclosed in the  Filed
FNF SEC Documents or in Section 3.1(f) of the FNF Disclosure  Schedule, since
the date of the most recent audited financial statements  included in the
Filed FNF SEC Documents, there has not been any adoption or  amendment in any
material respect by FNF of any collective bargaining  agreement or any
Benefit Plan (as defined herein).   (g) Benefit Plans.   (i) Each
"employee pension benefit plan" (as defined in Section  3(2) of the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as  amended ("ERISA") (hereinafter a
"Pension Plan"), "employee welfare  benefit plan" (as defined in   
-12-     Section 3(1) of ERISA) (hereinafter a "Welfare Plan"), and each
other  plan, arrangement or policy relating to compensation, deferred 
compensation, severance, fringe benefits or other employee benefits,  in each
case maintained or contributed to, or required to be  maintained or
contributed to, by FNF for the benefit of any present or  former officer,
employee, agent, director or independent contractor of  FNF or any subsidiary
thereof (including FNT and the Company) (all the  foregoing being herein
called "Benefit Plans") has been administered  in accordance with its terms
except where failure to administer in  accordance with such terms would not
have an FNF Material Adverse  Effect. FNF and all the Benefit Plans are in
compliance with the  applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code, all other
applicable laws  and all applicable collective bargaining agreements except
where  failure to comply would not reasonably be expected to have an FNF 
Material Adverse Effect. A complete and correct copy of each Benefit  Plan
(other than any Benefit Plan maintained or sponsored by FNT or  any of its
subsidiaries), and the most recent trust agreement,  custodial agreement or
insurance contract relating thereto, have been  made available to the
Company. Section 3.1(g) of the FNF Disclosure  Schedule sets forth a complete
and correct list of each employment  contract as to which FNF has any
obligation or liability, contingent  or otherwise.   (ii) None of FNF or
any other person or entity that together with  FNF is treated as a single
employer under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or  (o) of the Code (each a "Commonly
Controlled Entity") has incurred any  material liability under Title IV of
ERISA (other than for the payment  of benefits or Pension Benefit Guaranty
Corporation insurance  premiums, in either case in the ordinary course).  
(iii) No Commonly Controlled Entity is obligated to contribute to  any
"multiemployer plan" (as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA)  or has
withdrawn from or incurred any contractual liability to any  multiemployer
plan resulting or which would reasonably be expected to  result in any
material "withdrawal liability" (within the meaning of  Section 4201 of
ERISA) that has not been fully paid.   (h) Taxes. (i) FNF has filed all tax
returns and reports required to  be filed by it or requests for extensions to
file such returns or reports  have been timely filed, granted and have not
expired, except to the extent  that such failures to file or to have
extensions granted that remain in  effect individually and in the aggregate
would not have an FNF Material  Adverse Effect. All tax returns filed by FNF
are complete and accurate  except to the extent that such failure to be
complete and accurate would  not have an FNF Material Adverse Effect. FNF has
paid or caused to be paid  all taxes shown as due on such returns, and the
most recent financial  statements contained in the Filed FNF SEC Documents
reflect an adequate  reserve for all taxes payable by FNF and its
subsidiaries for all taxable  periods and portions thereof accrued through
the date of such financial  statements.   (ii) No deficiencies for any
taxes have been proposed, asserted  or assessed against FNF that are not
adequately reserved for, except  for deficiencies    -13-     that
individually or in the aggregate would not have an FNF Material  Adverse
Effect, and, except as set forth in Section 3.1(h) of the FNF  Disclosure
Schedule, no requests for waivers of the time to assess any  such taxes have
been granted or are pending. The Federal and state  income tax returns of FNF
and each of its subsidiaries consolidated in  such returns have been examined
by and settled with the United States  Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS")
or the appropriate state taxation  authorities, as the case may be, or the
statute of limitations on  assessment or collection of any Federal or state
income taxes due from  FNF or any of its subsidiaries has expired, for all
taxable years of  FNF or any of its subsidiaries through the taxable year
ended (a)  December 31, 2001 for Federal income taxes and (b) December 31,
1999  for state income taxes.   (iii) As used in this Agreement, "taxes"
shall include all  federal, state, local and foreign income, premium,
property, sales,  excise, employment, payroll, withholdings and other taxes,
tariffs or  other governmental charges, including interest, penalties and
other  additions thereto.   (i) No Excess Parachute Payments; Section
162(m) of the Code.   (i) None of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement shall  constitute a triggering event under any employment,
severance or  termination agreement or other compensation arrangement or
Benefit  Plan currently in effect which (either alone or upon the occurrence
of  any additional or subsequent event) would reasonably be expected to 
result in any payment, acceleration, vesting or increase in benefits  to any
current or former officer, employee or director of FNF and  which would
constitute an "excess parachute payment" (as such term is  defined in Section
280G(b)(1) of the Code).   (ii) Except as disclosed in Section 3.1(i) of the
FNF Disclosure  Schedule, the disallowance of a deduction under Section
162(m) of the  Code for employee remuneration will not apply to any amount
paid or  payable by FNF under any contract, Benefit Plan, program,
arrangement  or understanding currently in effect.   (j) Voting
Requirements. The affirmative vote of holders of a majority  of the shares of
FNF Common Stock (with each share of FNF Common Stock  having one vote per
share) to approve and adopt this Agreement and the  Merger is the only vote
of the holders of any class or series of the  capital stock of FNF necessary
to approve and adopt this Agreement and the  Merger and the transactions
contemplated hereby.   (k) Compliance with Applicable Laws. FNF has in full
force and effect  all Federal, state, local and foreign governmental
approvals,  authorizations, certificates, consents, filings, franchises,
licenses,  notices, permits and rights (collectively, "Permits") necessary
for it to  own, lease or operate its properties and assets and to carry on
its  business as now conducted, and there has occurred no default under any
such  Permit, in each case except for the failure of Permits to be in full
force  and effect or for defaults under Permits which failures or defaults 
individually or in the aggregate would not    -14-     reasonably be
expected to have an FNF Material Adverse Effect. Except as  disclosed in the
Filed FNF SEC Documents, FNF and the FNF Subsidiaries are  in compliance with
all applicable statutes, laws, ordinances, rules,  regulations and orders of
any Governmental Entity, except for such  noncompliance which individually or
in the aggregate would not reasonably  be expected to have an FNF Material
Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed in  the Filed FNF SEC Documents, as of
the date of this Agreement, to the  knowledge of FNF, no investigation,
examination, inquiry, enforcement  action or other proceeding by any
Governmental Entity with respect to FNF  is pending or threatened, other
than, in each case, those the outcome of  which, as far as reasonably can be
foreseen, will not have a FNF Material  Adverse Effect.   (l) Opinion of
Financial Advisor. FNF has received the opinion of its  financial advisor,
Bear Stearns and Co. Inc., dated the date hereof, to the  effect that, as of
such date, the consideration to be received by FNF and  its stockholders
pursuant to this Agreement and the Securities Exchange  Agreement, taken
together, is fair, from a financial point of view, to the  stockholders of
FNF. It is agreed and understood that such opinion is for  the benefit of
FNF\'s board of directors and may not be relied on by the  Company.   (m)
Brokers. No broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other  person,
other than Bear Stearns and Co. Inc., the fees and expenses of which  will be
paid by FNF prior to the Effective Time, is entitled to any  broker\'s,
finder\'s, financial advisor\'s or other similar fee or commission  in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based  upon
arrangements made by or on behalf of FNF.   (n) The FNF Special Committee
Recommendation; Board of Directors  Recommendation. The FNF Special Committee
has duly adopted at a special  meeting held on June 25, 2006, resolutions
recommending to the Board of  Directors of FNF approval of this Agreement,
the Merger, and the  transactions contemplated hereby on the terms and
conditions set forth  herein. Upon the recommendation of FNF Special
Committee, the Board of  Directors of FNF, by resolutions duly adopted at a
meeting duly called and  held, has duly (i) determined that this Agreement
and the Merger and the  other transactions contemplated hereby are fair to
and in the best  interests of FNF and its stockholders, (ii) approved and
declared advisable  this Agreement and the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated  hereby and (iii) recommended that the stockholders of FNF adopt
this  Agreement and the Merger and the transactions contemplated hereby and 
directed that this Agreement and the Merger and the transactions 
contemplated hereby be submitted for adoption by FNF\'s stockholders at the 
FNF Stockholders Meeting (as defined herein).   (o) Litigation. There is no
suit, action, proceeding or arbitration  pending or, to the knowledge of FNF,
threatened against or affecting FNF  that, individually or in the aggregate,
would reasonably be expected to (i)  have an FNF Material Adverse Effect or
(ii) prevent the consummation of any  of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, nor is there any  judgment, decree, injunction or order of
any Governmental Entity or  arbitrator outstanding against FNF having, or
which would reasonably be  expected to have, any such effect.   
-15-     (p) No Assets and Liabilities. At the Effective Time, FNF will
not own  any assets other than the Assumption Agreement executed and
delivered by  FNT substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B
pursuant to the  Securities Exchange Agreement (the "Assumption Agreement"),
the Tax  Disaffiliation Agreement (as defined herein) and shares of Company
Common  Stock, and will not have any Liabilities that have not been assumed
by FNT,  other than the Excluded FNF Liabilities.   (q) Information
Supplied. None of the information supplied or to be  supplied by FNF
specifically for inclusion or incorporation by reference in  (i) the
registration statement on Form S-4 to be filed with the SEC by the  Company
in connection with the issuance of Company Common Stock in the  Merger (the
"Form S-4") will at the time it becomes effective under the  Securities Act,
at the time any amendment or supplement thereto becomes  effective under the
Securities Act or at the Effective Time, contain any  untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact  required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein  not misleading or (ii)
the information statement relating to the approval  by the shareholders of
the Company of the matters referred to in the second  sentence of Section 5.3
and the proxy statement relating to the approval by  the stockholders of FNF
of the matters referred to in the first sentence of  Section 5.3, in each
case as amended or supplemented from time to time  (collectively, the "Proxy
Statement") will, at the date it is first mailed  to the Company\'s
shareholders or the FNF stockholders, as applicable, and  at the time of the
Company Shareholders Meeting (as defined herein) and the  FNF Stockholders
Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a material fact  or omit to state
any material fact required to be stated therein or  necessary in order to
make the statements therein, in light of the  circumstances under which they
are made, not misleading.   (r) Section 203. FNF has taken all corporate
action necessary to  render inapplicable to the Merger, this Agreement and
the transactions  contemplated hereby, the provisions of Section 203 of the
DGCL.   SECTION 3.2. Representations and Warranties of the Company.
The Company represents and warrants to FNF as follows:   (a) Organization,
Standing and Corporate Power. The Company and each  Company Subsidiary is a
corporation, limited partnership, limited liability  company or other legal
entity duly organized, validly existing and in good  standing (in such
jurisdictions where such concept is applicable) under the  laws of the
jurisdiction of its organization and has the requisite  corporate or entity
power and authority to carry on its business as now  being conducted. The
Company and each Company Subsidiary is duly qualified  to do business and is
in good standing (in such jurisdictions where such  concept is applicable) in
each jurisdiction in which the nature of its  business or the ownership or
leasing of its properties makes such  qualification necessary, other than in
such jurisdictions where the failure  to be so qualified (individually or in
the aggregate) would not have a  Company Material Adverse Effect (as
hereinafter defined). For purposes of  this Agreement, (x) a "Company
Subsidiary" means each subsidiary of the  Company, and (y) a "Company
Material Adverse Effect" means any change,  circumstance, effect, event or
occurrence that (i) would be materially  adverse to the assets, Liabilities,
business,    -16-     financial condition or results of operations of
the Company and the Company  Subsidiaries taken as a whole, other than any
change, circumstance, effect,  event or occurrence resulting from (A) changes
in general economic  conditions affecting the United States, (B) general
changes or developments  in the industries in which the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries operate  or (C) the announcement of this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated  hereby, including any termination of,
reduction in or similar negative  impact on the relationships, contractual or
otherwise, with any customers,  distributors, partners or employees of the
Company and the Company  Subsidiaries to the extent due to the announcement
of this Agreement and  the transactions contemplated hereby, including any
termination of,  reduction in or similar negative impact on the
relationships, contractual  or otherwise, with any customers, distributors,
partners or employees of  FNF to the extent due to the announcement of this
Agreement or the identity  of the parties hereto, unless, in the case of the
foregoing clauses (A) and  (B), such changes referred to therein have a
materially disproportionate  effect on the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries taken as a whole  relative to other participants in the industry
in which the Company and the  Company Subsidiaries operate, or (ii) would
have a material adverse effect  on the ability of the Company to perform its
obligations hereunder or to  consummate the transactions contemplated hereby
on a timely basis. The  Company has delivered or made available to FNF
complete and correct copies  of the Company Charter and the Company By-laws
and of the certificates of  incorporation and by-laws, or other
organizational documents, of each of  the Company Subsidiaries, in each case
as amended to the date of this  Agreement.   (b) Capital Structure.   (i)
The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of  600,000,000 shares
of Company Common Stock, par value $.01 per share,  and 200,000,000 shares of
preferred stock, par value $.01 per share.  At the close of business on May
31, 2006, (i) 191,742,076 shares of  Company Common Stock and no shares of
preferred stock were issued and  outstanding, (ii) 5,684,520 shares of
Company Common Stock were held  by subsidiaries of the Company or by the
Company in its treasury and  (iii) 13,579,610 shares of Company Common Stock
were reserved for  issuance pursuant to outstanding options to purchase
shares of Company  Common Stock granted under the Company\'s stock option
plans (the  "Company Stock Plans"). Except as set forth above, at the close
of  business on May 31, 2006, no shares of capital stock or other equity 
securities of the Company were issued, reserved for issuance or  outstanding.
All outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company  are, and all shares
which may be issued pursuant to this Agreement or  upon the exercise of
options under the Company Stock Plans will be,  when issued, duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and  nonassessable and not subject to preemptive
rights. No bonds,  debentures, notes or other indebtedness of the Company
having the  right to vote (or convertible into, or exchangeable for,
securities  having the right to vote) on any matters on which the
shareholders of  the Company may vote are issued or outstanding. Except as
set forth  above, there are not any securities, options, warrants, rights, 
commitments or agreements of any kind to which the Company is a party  or by
which any of them is bound obligating any of them to issue, sell  or deliver,
or    -17-     repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, shares of
capital stock or  other equity or voting securities of the Company, or
obligating the  Company to issue, sell, deliver, grant, extend or enter into
any such  security, option, warrant, right, commitment or agreement. Except
as  set forth in Section 3.2(b)(i) of the Disclosure Schedule delivered by 
the Company to FNF at or prior to the execution of this Agreement (the 
"Company Disclosure Schedule"), the Company is not a party to or  bound by
any agreement, proxy or other arrangement restricting the  transfer of
Company Common Stock or affecting the voting of any shares  of capital stock
of the Company.   (ii) Section 3.2(b)(ii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
lists  each Company Subsidiary. Except as set forth in Section 3.2(b)(ii)
of  the Company Disclosure Schedule, all of the outstanding shares of 
capital stock or other equity securities of each Company Subsidiary  have
been validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable (in the  case of
any Company Subsidiary that is not organized in the United  States, to the
extent such concepts are applicable) and are owned by  the Company, free and
clear of all Liens. No bonds, debentures, notes  or other indebtedness of any
Company Subsidiary having the right to  vote (or convertible into, or
exchangeable for, securities having the  right to vote) on any matters on
which the shareholders of any Company  Subsidiary may vote are issued or
outstanding. Except as set forth in  Section 3.2(b)(ii) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, there are no  securities, options, warrants, rights,
commitments or agreements of  any kind to which the Company or any Company
Subsidiary is a party or  by which any of them is bound obligating any of
them to issue, sell or  deliver, or repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire,
shares of capital  stock or other equity or voting securities of any Company
Subsidiary,  or obligating any of them to issue, sell, deliver, grant, extend
or  enter into any such security, option, warrant, right, commitment or 
agreement. Except as set forth in Section 3.2(b)(ii) of the Company 
Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is  a
party to or bound by any agreement, proxy or other arrangement  restricting
the transfer or affecting the voting of any shares of  capital stock of any
Company Subsidiary. Except for the capital stock  or other equity securities
of such subsidiaries and the other  ownership interests listed in Section
3.2(b)(ii) of the Company  Disclosure Schedule, the Company does not own,
directly or indirectly,  any capital stock or other ownership interest in any
person other than  interests held for investment purposes that do not exceed
10% of the  voting securities of any such single person.   (c) Authority;
Noncontravention. The Company has all requisite  corporate power and
authority to enter into this Agreement and, subject to  the approval of its
shareholders as set forth in Section 5.3 (the "Company  Shareholder
Approval"), the Company and each of the Company Subsidiaries  has all
requisite corporate power and authority to consummate the  transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. The execution and delivery of  this Agreement
by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the  transactions
contemplated by this Agreement have been duly authorized by  all necessary
corporate action on the part of the Company, subject to the  Company
Shareholder Approval. This Agreement has been duly executed and  delivered by
the    -18-    Company and, assuming this Agreement constitutes the
valid and binding  agreement of FNF, constitutes a valid and binding
obligation of the  Company, enforceable against it in accordance with its
terms, subject to  the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency
(including all laws  relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization,
moratorium or similar  laws affecting creditors\' rights generally and
subject to the effect of  general principles of equity. Except as disclosed
in Section 3.2(c) of the  Company Disclosure Schedule, the execution and
delivery of this Agreement  does not, and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this  Agreement and compliance with the
provisions of this Agreement will not,  (i) conflict with any of the
provisions of the Company Charter or the  Company By-laws, (ii) subject to
the matters referred to in the next  sentence, conflict with, result in a
breach of or default (with or without  notice or lapse of time, or both)
under, give rise to a right of  termination, cancellation or acceleration of
any obligation or loss of a  material benefit under, require the consent of
any person under, or result  in the creation of any Lien on any property or
asset of the Company or any  Company Subsidiary under, any indenture or other
agreement, permit,  franchise, license or other instrument or undertaking to
which the Company  or any of the Company Subsidiaries is a party or by which
the Company or  any of the Company Subsidiaries or any of their assets is
bound or  affected, or (iii) subject to the matters referred to in the next
sentence,  contravene any statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation, order,
judgment,  injunction, decree, determination or award applicable to the
Company or any  of the Company Subsidiaries or any of their respective
properties or  assets, which, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii),
individually or in  the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a
Company Material  Adverse Effect. No consent, approval or authorization of,
or declaration or  filing with, or notice to, any Governmental Entity is
required by or with  respect to the Company or any of the Company
Subsidiaries in connection  with the execution and delivery of this Agreement
by the Company or the  consummation by the Company or any Company Subsidiary,
as the case may be,  of any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, except for (i)  the filing of premerger notification and report
forms under the Hart-Scott  Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as
amended (the "HSR Act")  with respect to the Merger, (ii) the approvals,
filings and/or notices  required under the insurance laws of the
jurisdictions set forth in Section  3.2(c)(i) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, (iii) the filing with the SEC  of such reports and other filings
under the Exchange Act as may be required  in connection with this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated by this  Agreement, (iv) the filing with
the SEC of the Form S-4 and the Proxy  Statement relating to the matters
referred to in the first and second  sentences of Section 5.3, (v) the filing
of the certificate of merger with  the Delaware Secretary of State and the
Georgia Secretary of State, and  appropriate documents with the relevant
authorities of other states in  which the Company is qualified to do
business, (vi) such other consents,  approvals, authorizations, filings or
notices as are set forth in Section  3.2(c)(ii) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule and (vii) such other  consents, approvals, authorizations,
declarations, filings or notices the  failure to obtain or make which, in the
aggregate, would not have a Company  Material Adverse Effect.   (d) SEC
Documents; Financial Statements. (i) The Company has filed all  required
reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents with the  SEC since
January 1, 2003 (such reports, schedules, forms, statements and  other
documents, as    -19-     amended to the date hereof, the "Company SEC
Documents"). As of their  respective dates, the Company SEC Documents
complied in all material  respects with the requirements of the Securities
Act or the Exchange Act,  as the case may be, and the rules and regulations
of the SEC promulgated  thereunder applicable to such Company SEC Documents,
and none of the  Company SEC Documents as of such dates contained any untrue
statement of a  material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to
be stated  therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
light of  the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
Except to the  extent that information contained in any Company SEC Document
has been  revised or superseded by a later Filed Company SEC Document (as
defined  herein), none of the Company SEC Documents contains any untrue
statement of  a material fact or omits to state any material fact required to
be stated  therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
light of  the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The 
consolidated financial statements of the Company included in the Company  SEC
Documents comply as to form in all material respects with applicable 
accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC 
with respect thereto, have been prepared in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles (except, in the case of unaudited 
consolidated quarterly statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC) 
applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except as may be 
indicated in the notes thereto) and present fairly, in all material 
respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company and its 
consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated 
results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended 
(subject, in the case of unaudited quarterly statements, to normal year-end 
audit adjustments). Except as set forth in the Filed Company SEC Documents, 
neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has any Liabilities  required
by generally accepted accounting principles to be set forth on a 
consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries 
or in the notes thereto, other than Liabilities (i) incurred since March  31,
2006 in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice  or
(ii) that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be 
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.   (e) Absence of Certain
Changes or Events. Except as disclosed in the  Company SEC Documents filed
and publicly available prior to the date of  this Agreement (the "Filed
Company SEC Documents") or in Section 3.2(e) of  the Company Disclosure
Schedule or in connection with the transactions  contemplated hereby, since
the date of the most recent audited financial  statements included in the
Filed Company SEC Documents, the Company and  each Company Subsidiary has
conducted its business only in the ordinary  course, and there has not been
(i) any change, circumstance, effect, event,  development or occurrence that,
individually or in the aggregate, has had  or would reasonably be expected to
have a Company Material Adverse Effect,  (ii) any declaration, setting aside
or payment of any dividend or other  distribution (whether in cash, stock or
property) with respect to any of  the Company\'s outstanding capital stock
(except for ordinary quarterly cash  dividends), (iii) any split, combination
or reclassification of any of its  outstanding capital stock or any issuance
or the authorization of any  issuance of any other securities in respect of,
in lieu of or in  substitution for shares of its outstanding capital stock,
(iv) (x) any  granting by the Company or any Company Subsidiary to any
Executive Officers  of the Company of any increase in compensation, except in
the    -20-     ordinary course of business consistent with prior
practice or as was  required under employment agreements in effect as of the
date of the most  recent audited financial statements included in the Filed
Company SEC  Documents, (y) any granting by the Company or any Company
Subsidiary to any  such Executive Officer of the Company of any increase in
severance or  termination pay, except as was required under any employment,
severance or  termination agreements in effect as of the date of the most
recent audited  financial statements included in the Filed Company SEC
Documents or (z) any  entry by the Company or any of its subsidiaries into
any employment,  severance or termination agreement with any such Executive
Officer of the  Company or (v) any change in accounting methods, principles
or practices by  the Company or any Company Subsidiary materially affecting
its assets,  Liabilities or business, except insofar as may have been
required by a  change in generally accepted accounting principles.   (f)
Absence of Changes in Benefit Plans. Except as disclosed in the  Filed
Company SEC Documents or in Section 3.2(f) of the Company Disclosure 
Schedule, since the date of the most recent audited financial statements 
included in the Filed Company SEC Documents, there has not been any  adoption
or amendment by the Company or any Company Subsidiary of any  collective
bargaining agreement or any Company Benefit Plan (as defined  herein).  
(g) Benefit Plans.   (i) Each Pension Plan, Welfare Plan, and each other
plan,  arrangement or policy relating to compensation, deferred
compensation,  severance, fringe benefits or other employee benefits, in each
case  maintained or contributed to, or required to be maintained or 
contributed to, by the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries for  the
benefit of any present or former officer, employee, agent,  director or
independent contractor of the Company or any Company  Subsidiary (all the
foregoing being herein called "Company Benefit  Plans") has been administered
in accordance with its terms except  where failure to administer in
accordance with such terms would not  reasonably be expected to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect. The  Company, each of the Company
Subsidiaries and all the Company Benefit  Plans are in compliance with the
applicable provisions of ERISA, the  Code, all other applicable laws and all
applicable collective  bargaining agreements except where failure to comply
would not  reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.
A  complete and correct copy of each Company Benefit Plan, and the most 
recent trust agreement, custodial agreement or insurance contract  relating
thereto, have been made available to FNF. Section 3.2(g) of  the Company
Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and correct list  of each
employment contract as to which the Company has any obligation  or liability,
contingent or otherwise.   (ii) None of the Company or any other person or
entity that  together with the Company is treated as a single employer
under  Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code (each a "Company
Commonly  Controlled Entity") has incurred any material liability under Title
IV  of ERISA (other than for the payment of    -21-     benefits or
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation insurance premiums,  in either case in
the ordinary course).   (iii) No Company Commonly Controlled Entity is
obligated to  contribute to any "multiemployer plan" (as defined in Section 
4001(a)(3) of ERISA) or has withdrawn from or incurred any contractual 
liability to any multiemployer plan resulting or which would  reasonably be
expected to result in any material "withdrawal  liability" (within the
meaning of Section 4201 of ERISA) that has not  been fully paid.   (h)
Taxes.   (i) Each of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries has filed 
all tax returns and reports required to be filed by it or requests for 
extensions to file such returns or reports have been timely filed,  granted
and have not expired, except to the extent that such failures  to file or to
have extensions granted that remain in effect  individually or in the
aggregate would not have a Company Material  Adverse Effect. All tax returns
filed by the Company and each Company  Subsidiary are complete and accurate
except to the extent that such  failure to be complete and accurate would not
have a Company Material  Adverse Effect. The Company and each Company
Subsidiary has paid (or  the Company has paid on behalf of the Company
Subsidiary) all taxes  shown as due on such returns, and the most recent
financial statements  contained in the Filed Company SEC Documents reflect an
adequate  reserve for all taxes payable by the Company and its subsidiaries
for  all taxable periods and portions thereof accrued through the date of 
such financial statements.   (ii) No deficiencies for any taxes have been
proposed, asserted  or assessed against the Company or any of its
subsidiaries that are  not adequately reserved for, except for deficiencies
that individually  or in the aggregate would not have a Company Material
Adverse Effect,  and, except as set forth in Section 3.2(h) of the Company
Disclosure  Schedule, no requests for waivers of the time to assess any such
taxes  have been granted or are pending. The Federal and state income tax 
returns of the Company and each of its subsidiaries consolidated in  such
returns have been examined by and settled with the IRS or the  appropriate
state taxation authorities, as the case may be, or the  statute of
limitations on assessment or collection of any Federal or  state income taxes
due from the Company or any of its subsidiaries has  expired, for all taxable
years of the Company or any of its  subsidiaries through the taxable year
ended (a) December 31, 2001, for  Federal income taxes and (b) December 31,
1999, for state income  taxes.   (i) No Excess Parachute Payments; Section
162(m) of the Code.   (i) Except as disclosed in Section 3.2(i) of the
Company  Disclosure Schedule, none of the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement shall constitute a triggering event under any employment, 
severance or termination    -22-     agreement or other compensation
arrangement or Company Benefit Plan  currently in effect which (either alone
or upon the occurrence of any  additional or subsequent event) would
reasonably be expected to result  in any payment, acceleration, vesting or
increase in benefits to any  current or former officer, employee or director
of the Company or any  of its subsidiaries and which would constitute an
"excess parachute  payment" (as such term is defined in Section 280G(b)(1) of
the Code).   (ii) Except as disclosed in Section 3.2(i) of the Company 
Disclosure Schedule, the disallowance of a deduction under Section  162(m) of
the Code for employee remuneration will not apply to any  amount paid or
payable by the Company or any Company Subsidiary under  any contract, Company
Benefit Plan, program, arrangement or  understanding currently in effect.  
(j) Voting Requirements. The affirmative vote of the shareholders of  the
Company by the requisite vote in accordance with the requirements of  the New
York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual and any applicable law to  approve
the issuance of the Company Common Stock in the Merger and the  Company
Incentive Plan Amendment (as defined herein) is the only vote of  the holders
of any class or series of Company Common Stock necessary to  approve issuance
of the Company Common Stock in the Merger and this  Agreement and any of the
transactions contemplated hereby, including the  Company Incentive Plan
Amendment.   (k) Compliance with Applicable Laws. Except as set forth in
Section  3.2(k) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, each of the Company and
the  Company Subsidiaries has in full force and effect all Permits necessary
for  it to own, lease or operate its properties and assets and to carry on
its  business as now conducted, and there has occurred no default under any
such  Permit, in each case except for the failure of Permits to be in full
force  and effect or for defaults under Permits which failures or defaults 
individually or in the aggregate would not reasonably be expected to have a 
Company Material Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed in the Filed Company 
SEC Documents, the Company and the Company Subsidiaries are in compliance 
with all applicable statutes, laws, ordinances, rules, regulations and 
orders of any Governmental Entity, except for such noncompliance which 
individually or in the aggregate would not reasonably be expected to have a 
Company Material Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed in the Filed Company 
SEC Documents, as of the date of this Agreement, to the knowledge of the 
Company, no investigation, examination, inquiry, enforcement action or  other
proceeding by any Governmental Entity with respect to the Company or  any of
its subsidiaries is pending or threatened, other than, in each case,  those
the outcome of which, as far as reasonably can be foreseen, will not  have a
Company Material Adverse Effect.   (l) Opinion of Financial Advisor. The
Company has received the opinion  of its financial advisor, Stephens, Inc.,
dated the date hereof, to the  effect that, as of such date, the Conversion
Number is fair from a  financial point of view to the shareholders of the
Company other than FNF.  It is agreed and understood that such opinion is for
the benefit of the  Company\'s board of directors and may not be relied on by
FNF.    -23-    (m) Brokers. No broker, investment banker, financial
advisor or other  person, other than Stephens, Inc., the fees and expenses of
which will be  paid by the Company, is entitled to any broker\'s, finder\'s,
financial  advisor\'s or other similar fee or commission in connection with
the  transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made
by  or on behalf of the Company.   (n) The Company Special Committee
Recommendation; Board of Directors  Recommendation. The Company Special
Committee has duly adopted at a special  meeting held on June 25, 2006,
resolutions recommending to the Board of  Directors of the Company approval
of this Agreement, the Merger, the  issuance of Company Common Stock in the
Merger and the transactions  contemplated hereby on the terms and conditions
set forth herein. Upon the  recommendation of the Company Special Committee,
the Board of Directors of  the Company, by resolutions duly adopted at a
meeting duly called and held,  has duly (i) determined that this Agreement,
the Merger, the issuance of  Company Common Stock in the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated  hereby are fair to and in the best interests of
the Company and its  shareholders, (ii) adopted, approved and declared
advisable this Agreement  and the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated hereby and (iii)  recommended that the shareholders of the
Company approve the issuance of  Company Common Stock in the Merger and the
Company Incentive Plan Amendment  and directed that the issuance of Company
Common Stock in the Merger and  the Company Incentive Plan Amendment be
submitted for approval of the  Company\'s shareholders at the Company
Shareholders Meeting (as defined  herein).   (o) Litigation. Except as set
forth in Section 3.2(o) of the Company  Disclosure Schedule, there is no
suit, action, proceeding or arbitration  pending or, to the knowledge of the
Company, threatened against or  affecting the Company or any of the Company
Subsidiaries that, individually  or in the aggregate, would reasonably be
expected to (i) have a Company  Material Adverse Effect (other than as
described in the Filed Company SEC  Documents) or (ii) prevent the
consummation of any of the transactions  contemplated by this Agreement, nor
is there any judgment, decree,  injunction or order of any Governmental
Entity or arbitrator outstanding  against the Company or any of the Company
Subsidiaries having, or which  would reasonably be expected to have, any such
effect.   (p) Transaction Documents. None of the information contained in
(i)  the Form S-4 will, at the time it becomes effective under the
Securities  Act, at the time any amendment or supplement thereto becomes
effective  under the Securities Act or at the Effective Time, contain any
untrue  statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to  be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein
not  misleading or (ii) the Proxy Statement will, at the date the Proxy 
Statement is first mailed to the Company\'s or FNF\'s stockholders or at the 
time of the Company Shareholders Meeting or the FNF Stockholders Meeting, 
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any 
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make 
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are 
made, not misleading. The S-4 and the Proxy Statement will comply as to  form
in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and  the
rules and regulations    -24-     promulgated thereunder.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no representation or  warranty is made by the
Company in this Section 3.2(p) with respect to  information supplied by FNF
specifically for inclusion or incorporation by  reference in the Form S-4 or
the Proxy Statement.   (q) Fair Price Requirements; State Anti-Takeover
Statutes. The Board  of Directors of the Company has taken all actions
necessary so that the  Merger and other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement have been  approved in accordance with Section 1111(1) of the GBCC,
and no additional  shareholder vote pursuant to Section 1111(2) of the GBCC
shall be required  in order to effectuate the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated  by this Agreement. Neither Section 1132 of the
GBCC nor, to the Company\'s  knowledge, any other "fair price" (other than
Sections 1110-1113 of the  GBCC), "moratorium," "control share acquisition"
or other state takeover  statute or similar statute or regulation is
applicable to the Merger or any  other transaction contemplated by this
Agreement.   ARTICLE IV   COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS 
PRIOR TO MERGER   SECTION 4.1. Conduct of Business by the Company. (a)
Except as specifically contemplated by this Agreement, or as set forth on
Section 4.1(a) of the Disclosure Schedule or as required by applicable law,
during the period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, the
Company shall, and shall cause the Company Subsidiaries to, carry on their
respective businesses only in the ordinary and usual course of business
consistent with past practice and, to the extent consistent therewith, use
all reasonable efforts to preserve intact their current business
organizations, keep available the services of their current officers and
employees and preserve their relationships with Government Entities,
customers, suppliers, distributors, creditors, lessors and other persons
having business dealings with them to the end that their goodwill and ongoing
businesses shall be unimpaired at the Effective Time. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, during the period from the date of this
Agreement to the Effective Time, except as set forth on Section 4.1(b) of the
Disclosure Schedule or as otherwise expressly required by or provided for
in this Agreement, the Company shall not, and shall not permit any of the
Company Subsidiaries to, without the prior consent of FNF:   (i) (x)
declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, or make any  other distributions
(whether in cash, stock or property) in respect  of, any outstanding capital
stock of the Company, other than ordinary  quarterly cash dividends, (y)
split, combine or reclassify any of its  outstanding capital stock or issue
or authorize the issuance of any  other securities in respect of, in lieu of
or in substitution for  shares of its outstanding capital stock or (z) except
as required by  the terms of any agreement, arrangement or plan in effect as
of the  date hereof, purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of 
outstanding capital stock or any rights, warrants or options to  acquire any
such shares;    -25-     (ii) issue, sell, grant, pledge or otherwise
encumber any shares  of its capital stock, any other voting securities or any
securities  convertible into, or any rights, warrants or options to acquire,
any  such shares, voting securities or convertible securities, other than 
upon the exercise of options outstanding on the date of this Agreement  under
the Company Stock Plans;   (iii) amend or propose any change to its
certificate of  incorporation, by-laws or other comparable charter or
organizational  documents;   (iv) (w) acquire, in any transaction or a
series of related  transactions, (1) any business or any corporation,
partnership, joint  venture, association or other business organization or
division  thereof other than the acquisition of the shares of National
Title  Insurance of New York, Inc. or (2) any assets that are material, 
individually or in the aggregate, to the Company and the Company 
Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (x) merge or consolidate itself or any  of its
Subsidiaries with any other Person, except for any such  transactions among
its wholly owned Subsidiaries, (y) restructure,  reorganize or completely or
partially liquidate or (z) otherwise enter  into any agreements or
arrangements imposing material changes or  restrictions on its assets,
operations or businesses, when taken as a  whole;   (v) sell, lease,
license, mortgage or otherwise encumber or  subject to any Lien or otherwise
dispose of any of its properties or  assets that are material to the Company
and its Subsidiaries taken as  a whole, except in the ordinary course of
business consistent with  past practice;   (vi) (x) incur any indebtedness
for borrowed money or guarantee  or otherwise become responsible for any such
indebtedness of another  person, other than indebtedness in an amount less
than $2,000,000  individually or $10,000,000 in the aggregate or indebtedness
owing to  or guarantees owing to the Company or any direct or indirect 
wholly-owned Company Subsidiary (it being understood that the  Company\'s
guarantee of the performance of a Company Subsidiary to a  third party
customer or vendor shall not constitute an incurrence of  indebtedness under
this subsection), or (y) make any loans, advances  or capital contributions
to, or investments in, any other person,  other than to the Company or to any
direct or indirect wholly-owned  Company Subsidiary and routine, immaterial
advances to employees, and  other than purchases of investment assets in the
ordinary course of  business consistent with past practice;   (vii) except
in accordance with the Company\'s budget which exists  as of the date hereof,
make or agree to make any new capital  expenditure or expenditures which,
individually, involves payments of  in excess of $10,000,000 or, in the
aggregate, involve payments of in  excess of $25,000,000;   (viii) pay,
discharge, settle or satisfy any claims, liabilities  or obligations
(absolute, accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent  or otherwise), other
than the payment, discharge or satisfaction, in  the ordinary course of
business consistent    -26-     with past practice or in accordance
with their terms, of liabilities  reflected or reserved against in, or
contemplated by, the most recent  consolidated financial statements (or the
notes thereto) of the  Company included in the Filed Company SEC Documents or
incurred since  the date of such financial statements in the ordinary course
of  business consistent with past practice, or in amounts not in excess of 
$2,000,000 in each case;   (ix) make any change in accounting methods,
principles or  practices used by the Company or any of the Company
Subsidiaries  materially affecting its assets, liabilities or business,
except  insofar as may be required by a change in generally accepted 
accounting principles;   (x) other than in the ordinary course of business
consistent with  past practice, cancel, modify or waive any material debts or
claims  held by it or waive any material rights under any material contract
to  which the Company of any of its Subsidiaries is a party;   (xi) except
as required pursuant to existing written, binding  agreements or policies in
effect prior to the date of this Agreement,  or as otherwise required by
applicable law, (w) grant or provide any  material severance or termination
payments or benefits to any  director, officer or employee of the Company,
except, in the case of  employees who are not officers, in the ordinary
course of business  consistent with past practice, (x) materially increase
the  compensation, bonus or pension, welfare, severance or other benefits 
of, pay any material bonus to, or make any new equity awards to any 
director, officer or employee of the Company, except for increases in  the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice for  employees who
are not officers, (y) establish, adopt, materially amend  or terminate any
Company Benefit Plan or amend the terms of any  outstanding equity-based
awards, or (z) take any action to accelerate  the vesting or payment, or fund
or in any other way secure the  payment, of compensation or benefits under
any Company Benefit Plan,  to the extent not already provided in any such
Company Benefit Plan;  or   (xii) authorize any of, or commit or agree to
take any of, the  foregoing actions.   (b) Conduct of Business of FNF. FNF
shall not take any action that  would cause it to own any assets at the
Effective Time other than the  Assumption Agreement, the Tax Disaffiliation
Agreement and shares of  Company Common Stock or to have any Liabilities at
the Effective Time  (other than Excluded FNF Liabilities) that have not been
assumed by FNT.   SECTION 4.2. Other Actions. The Company, each Company
Subsidiary and FNF shall not take any action that would, or that would
reasonably be expected to, result in any of the conditions set forth in
Article VI not being satisfied. The Company shall give prompt notice to FNF,
and FNF shall give prompt notice to the Company, of any event, condition or
circumstance of which it becomes aware that would constitute a violation or
breach of this    -27-    Agreement by it; provided, however, that no
such notification shall affect the representations, warranties, covenants or
agreements of the parties or the conditions to the obligations of the parties
under this Agreement.   ARTICLE V   ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS   SECTION 5.1.
Preparation of Form S-4 and the Proxy Statement. As soon as practicable
following the date of this Agreement, the Company and FNF shall prepare and
file with the SEC the Form S-4, in which the Proxy Statement will be included
as a prospectus. Each of the Company and FNF shall use its reasonable best
efforts to have the Proxy Statement cleared by the SEC under the Exchange Act
and have the Form S-4 declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly
as practicable after such filing. The Company shall use its reasonable best
efforts to cause the Proxy Statement to be mailed to the
Company\'s shareholders and FNF shall use its reasonable best efforts to
cause the Proxy Statement to be mailed to FNF\'s stockholders, in each case
as promptly as practicable after the Form S-4 is declared effective. The
Company shall also take, in consultation with FNF and its counsel, any action
(other than qualifying to do business in any jurisdiction in which it is not
now so qualified) required to be taken under any applicable state securities
laws in connection with the issuance of Company Common Stock in the Merger
and FNF shall furnish all information concerning FNF and the holders of the
FNF Common Stock as may be reasonably requested in connection with any such
action. No filing of, or amendment or supplement to, the Form S-4 or the
Proxy Statement will be made by the Company or FNF without providing the
other party the opportunity to review and comment thereon. Each party shall
promptly notify the other party upon the receipt of any comments from the SEC
or its staff or any request from the SEC or its staff for amendments or
supplements to the Form S-4 or Proxy Statement and shall provide the other
party with copies of all correspondence between it and its representatives,
on the one hand, and the SEC and its staff, on the other hand, relating to
the Form S-4 and the Proxy Statement. The Company shall advise FNF, promptly
after it receives notice thereof, of the time when the Form S-4 becomes
effective or any supplement or amendment has been filed, the issuance of any
stop order, the suspension of the qualification of Company Common Stock
issuable in connection with the Merger for offering or sale in
any jurisdiction. If at any time prior to the Company Shareholders Meeting or
the FNF Stockholders Meeting, any information relating to the Company or FNF
or any of their respective affiliates, officers or directors, should be
discovered by the Company or FNF which is required by applicable law to be
set forth in an amendment or supplement to the Form S-4 or the Proxy
Statement, so that the Form S-4 or Proxy Statement shall not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not
misleading, the party which discovers such information shall promptly notify
the other parties, and an appropriate amendment or supplement describing such
information shall be filed with the SEC and, to the extent required by
applicable law, disseminated to the shareholders of the Company and the
stockholders of FNF. The Company shall not mail or use the Proxy Statement or
any amendment or supplement thereto without the prior approval of FNF of
the form and content thereof, which approval of the content thereof, which
approval will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.    -28-    
SECTION 5.2. Treatment of Company Stock Options. In connection with the
Merger, the Company shall take all actions necessary so that each outstanding
option to purchase shares of Company Common Stock held by an employee or
director who, following the Merger, shall be employed solely by or solely
serve as a director of FNT or any subsidiary thereof, shall be fully vested
as of the Effective Time.   SECTION 5.3. Meetings of Stockholders. FNF shall
take all action necessary in accordance with applicable law and the FNF
Charter and FNF By-laws to convene a meeting of its stockholders (the "FNF
Stockholders Meeting") to consider and vote upon the adoption of this
Agreement and to cause such vote to be taken. The Company shall take all
action necessary in accordance with applicable law and the Company Charter
and Company By-laws to convene a meeting of its shareholders (the "Company
Shareholders Meeting") to consider and vote upon the approval of the issuance
of Company Common Stock in the Merger and the Company Incentive Plan
Amendment (collectively, the "Company Vote Items") and to cause such vote to
be taken. Subject to Section 5.8 hereof, FNF and the Company shall, through
their respective Boards of Directors, recommend to their respective
stockholders adoption or approval, as the case may be, of the foregoing
matters and FNF shall take all lawful action to solicit such adoption or
approval, as the case may be, by its stockholders. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, (x) FNF agrees that its obligations pursuant
to the first and last sentences of this Section 5.3 shall not be affected by
the withdrawal or modification by the Board of Directors of FNF of its
approval or recommendation of this Agreement or the Merger and (y) the
Company agrees that its obligations pursuant to the second and last sentences
of this Section 5.3 shall not be affected by the withdrawal or modification
by the Board of Directors of the Company of its approval or recommendation of
any of the Company Vote Items. FNF and the Company shall use reasonable
efforts to hold the FNF Stockholders Meeting and the Company Shareholders
Meeting on the same day as the meeting of stockholders of FNT to be held to
approve the Securities Exchange Agreement and use their reasonable best
efforts to hold such meetings as soon as practicable after the Form S-4 is
declared effective.   SECTION 5.4. Access to Information; Confidentiality.
Each of FNF and the Company shall, and shall cause any of its respective
subsidiaries to, afford to the other party and to the officers, employees,
counsel, financial advisors, accountants, actuaries and other representatives
of such other party reasonable access during normal business hours during the
period prior to the Effective Time to all its properties, books, contracts,
commitments, personnel and records and, during such period, each of FNF and
the Company shall, and shall cause each of its respective subsidiaries to,
furnish as promptly as practicable to the other party such information
concerning its business, properties, financial condition, operations and
personnel as such other party may from time to time reasonably request.  
SECTION 5.5. Reasonable Best Efforts. Upon the terms and subject to the
conditions and other agreements set forth in this Agreement, each of
the parties agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be
taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, and to assist and
cooperate with the other party in doing, all things necessary, proper or
advisable to consummate and make effective, in the most expeditious manner
practicable, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.    -29-     SECTION 5.6. Public Announcements. The Company,
on the one hand, and FNF, on the other hand, shall consult with each other
before issuing, and provide each other the opportunity to review and comment
upon, any press release or other public statements with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the Merger, and shall
not issue any such press release or make any such public statement prior to
such consultation, except as may be required by applicable law, court process
or by obligations pursuant to any listing agreement with any national
securities exchange (in which case the party subject to such obligations
shall advise the other party of such requirement).   SECTION 5.7.
Acquisition Proposals. The Company shall not, nor shall it permit any of its
subsidiaries to, nor shall it authorize or permit any officer, director or
employee of, or any investment banker, attorney or other advisor,
representative or agent of, the Company or any Company Subsidiary
to, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit, initiate or encourage the submission
of any Company Acquisition Proposal (as defined below), or take any other
action to knowingly facilitate any inquiries or the making of any proposal
that constitutes, or may reasonably be expected to lead to, any Company
Acquisition Proposal or (ii) participate in or continue any discussions or
negotiations regarding, or furnish to any person any non-public information
with respect to, any Company Acquisition Proposal. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, prior to the time, but not after, the requisite vote of the
Company Stockholders is obtained, if the Board of Directors of the Company
determines in good faith, following consultation with outside counsel, that
such action is required in order for such directors to comply with their
fiduciary duties under applicable law, the Company, any Company Subsidiary or
any officer, director or employee of, or any investment banker, attorney or
other advisor, representative or agent of, the Company or any Company
Subsidiary may, following the receipt of an unsolicited Company Acquisition
Proposal by the Company, participate in negotiations regarding such Company
Acquisition Proposal or furnish information regarding the Company and its
business pursuant to an appropriate confidentiality agreement to the person
making such Company Acquisition Proposal. Notwithstanding anything in this
Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall promptly advise FNF orally
and in writing of the receipt by it (or any of the other entities or
persons referred to above) after the date hereof of any Company Acquisition
Proposal, or any inquiry which could lead to any Company Acquisition
Proposal, the material terms and conditions of such Company Acquisition
Proposal or inquiry, and the identity of the person making any such Company
Acquisition Proposal or inquiry. The Company shall keep FNF fully informed of
the status and details of any such Company Acquisition Proposal or inquiry.
For purposes of this Agreement, "Company Acquisition Proposal" means any
proposal or offer for a merger, consolidation or other business combination
involving the Company or any Company Subsidiary or any proposal or offer to
acquire or cause to be acquired in any manner, directly or indirectly, all or
substantially all of the business, assets or capital stock of the Company,
other than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   SECTION 5.8.
Fiduciary Duties.   (a) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i)
prior to the  Company Shareholder Approval, but not after, the Board of
Directors of the  Company may withdraw or modify its recommendation, or
propose to do so,  with respect to the Merger in a manner adverse to FNF if
the Board of  Directors of the Company concludes in good faith, after
consultation with  its independent financial advisor and outside legal
counsel,    -30-     that the withdrawal or modification of such
recommendation is required in  order for the Board of Directors of the
Company to comply with its  fiduciary duties under applicable law (it being
understood that publicly  taking a neutral position or no position with
respect to a Company  Acquisition Proposal at any time beyond ten business
days after the first  public announcement of such a proposal shall be
considered an adverse  modification) and (ii) prior to the FNF Stockholder
Approval, but not  after, the Board of Directors of FNF may withdraw or
modify its  recommendation, or propose to do so, with respect to the Merger
in a manner  adverse to the Company if the Board of Directors of FNF
concludes in good  faith, after consultation with its independent financial
advisor and  outside legal counsel, that the withdrawal or modification of
such  recommendation is required in order for the Board of Directors of FNF
to  comply with its fiduciary duties under applicable law. No change of 
recommendation may be made by the Company until at least 48 hours following 
FNF\'s receipt of notice from the Company that the Board of Directors of the 
Company intends to change its recommendation and the basis therefor, 
including all necessary information under Section 5.7. In determining 
whether to make a change of recommendation in response to a Company 
Acquisition Proposal or otherwise, the Company Board of Directors shall  take
into account any changes to the terms of this Agreement proposed by  FNF and
any other information provided by FNF in response to such notice.  Any
material amendment to any Company Acquisition Proposal will be deemed  to be
a new Company Acquisition Proposal for purposes of this Section  5.8(a),
including with respect to the notice period referred to in this  Section
5.8(a).   (b) Nothing contained in this Agreement shall prohibit FNF from
taking  and disclosing to its stockholders a position contemplated by Rule
14e-2(a)  promulgated under the Exchange Act or from making any disclosure to
FNF\'s  stockholders which, in the good faith reasonable judgment of the
Board of  Directors of FNF based on the advice of counsel, is required
under  applicable law; provided that FNF does not withdraw or modify, or
propose  to withdraw or modify, its position with respect to this Agreement
or the  Merger other than as set forth in Section 5.8(a). Notwithstanding
anything  contained in this Agreement to the contrary, any action by the
Board of  Directors of FNF permitted by this Section 5.8 shall not constitute
a  breach of this Agreement by FNF.   (c) Nothing contained in this
Agreement shall prohibit the Company  from taking and disclosing to its
shareholders a position contemplated by  Rule 14e-2(a) promulgated under the
Exchange Act or from making any  disclosure to the Company\'s shareholders
which, in the good faith  reasonable judgment of the Board of Directors of
the Company based on the  advice of counsel, is required under applicable
law; provided that the  Company does not withdraw or modify, or propose to
withdraw or modify, its  position with respect to any of the Company Vote
Items other than as set  forth in Section 5.8(a). Notwithstanding anything
contained in this  Agreement to the contrary, any action by the Board of
Directors of the  Company permitted by this Section 5.8 shall not constitute
a breach of this  Agreement by the Company.   SECTION 5.9. Consents,
Approvals and Filings. (i) FNF and the Company shall make and cause their
respective subsidiaries to make all necessary filings, as soon as
practicable, including those required under the HSR Act, the Securities Act,
the Exchange Act, state securities laws and state insurance laws in order to
facilitate prompt consummation of the    -31-    Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In addition, FNF and the Company
shall each use their reasonable best efforts, and shall cooperate fully with
each other (i) to comply as promptly as practicable with all governmental
requirements applicable to the Merger and the other transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and (ii) to obtain as promptly as practicable all necessary
permits, orders or other consents, approvals or authorizations of
Governmental Entities and consents or waivers of all third parties necessary
or advisable for the consummation of the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. Each of FNF and the Company shall use its
reasonable best efforts to provide such information and communications to
Governmental Entities as such Governmental Entities may reasonably
request.   (ii) Each of the parties shall provide to the other party copies
of all applications in advance of filing or submission of such applications
to Governmental Entities in connection with this Agreement.   (iii) Subject
to applicable law and the instructions of any Governmental Entity, FNF and
the Company each shall keep the other apprised of the status of matters
relating to completion of the transactions contemplated hereby, including
promptly furnishing the other with copies of notices or other communications
received by FNF or the Company, as the case may be, or any of their
respective subsidiaries, from any third party or any Governmental Entity with
respect to such transactions. Without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, FNF shall keep the Company informed to the fullest extent
practicable of all developments concerning the IRS private letter ruling
referred to in Section 6.2(c) and 6.3(c) and shall provide the Company with
reasonable opportunity to review and comment on all submissions to the IRS in
connection therewith prior to such submission (except to the extent that
providing such opportunity is not reasonably practicable, in which case FNF
shall provide the Company with a copy of such submission as soon as
practicable following such submission). The Company shall give prompt notice
to FNF of any change, fact or condition that is reasonably likely to result
in a Company Material Adverse Effect or of any failure of any condition to
FNF\'s obligations to effect the Merger, and FNF shall give prompt notice to
the Company of any change, fact or condition that is reasonably likely to
result in a FNF Material Adverse Effect or of any failure of any condition to
the Company\'s obligations to effect the Merger.   SECTION 5.10. Spin-Off.
FNF and the Company shall not, and shall cause their respective subsidiaries
not to, take or cause to be taken any action that would be likely to
disqualify the Spin-off as a tax-free spin-off within the meaning of Section
355 of the Code.   SECTION 5.11. Affiliates and Certain Stockholders. Prior
to the Closing Date, FNF shall deliver to the Company a letter identifying
all persons who are, at the time the Merger is submitted for adoption by the
stockholders of FNF, "affiliates" of FNF for purposes of Rule 145 under the
Securities Act. FNF shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause each such
person to deliver to the Company on or prior to the Closing Date a written
agreement substantially in the form attached as Exhibit C hereto. The Company
shall not be required to maintain the effectiveness of the Form S-4 for the
purposes of resale of Company Common Stock by such affiliates and the
certificates representing Company Common Stock received by such affiliates in
the Merger shall bear a customary legend regarding applicable Securities Act
restrictions and the provisions of this Section 5.11.    -32-    
SECTION 5.12. NYSE Listing. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts
to cause the Company Common Stock to continue to be listed on the
NYSE through the Effective Time and to cause the shares of Company Common
Stock to be issued in the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by
this Agreement to be approved for listing on the NYSE, subject to official
notice of issuance, as promptly as practicable after the date hereof and in
any event prior to the Effective Time.   SECTION 5.13. Stockholder
Litigation. The Company shall give FNF, and FNF shall give the Company, the
opportunity to participate in the defense or settlement of any stockholder
litigation against the Company or FNF, as applicable, and its directors
relating to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; provided,
however, that no such settlement shall be agreed to without the consent of
the other party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.  
SECTION 5.14. Action Relating to Stock Option Plans. As soon as practicable
following the date of this Agreement, the Boards of Directors of FNF and the
Company (or, any authorized committees thereof) shall adopt such resolutions
or take such actions, if any, as may be required to adjust the terms of all
outstanding FNF Stock Options in accordance with Section 2.2, all
FNF restricted stock in accordance with Section 2.1(d) and all options to
purchase Company Common Stock in accordance with Section 5.2 and shall make
such other changes to the FNF Stock Option Plans as it deems appropriate to
give effect to the Merger and the terms hereof.   SECTION 5.15. Section 16
Matters. Each of FNF and the Company and their respective boards of directors
(and any subcommittees thereof) shall adopt such resolutions as are necessary
for purposes of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act to specifically approve (i)
the disposition in the Merger of shares of FNF Common Stock and "derivative
securities" (as defined in Rule 16a-1(c) under the Exchange Act) relating
thereto, and (ii) the acquisition in the Merger of Company Common Stock and
derivative securities relating thereto, in each case by each officer or
director of FNF or the Company who is subject to the reporting requirements
of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act with respect to FNF or the Company, as
the case may be.   SECTION 5.16. Related Party Agreements. At or prior to
the Closing:   (i) The Company and FNF shall, and the Company shall cause
each  Company Subsidiary that is party to any of the agreements listed on 
Section 5.16 of the Disclosure Schedule (the "Related Party  Agreements") to,
enter into the amendments or terminations to the  Related Party Agreements
described in Section 5.16 of the Disclosure  Schedule, which amendments or
terminations shall be effective at or  prior to the Closing.   (ii) The
Company shall, and FNF shall cause FNT to, enter into a  cross-indemnity
agreement as of the time of the Spin-off in the form  attached hereto as
Exhibit D (the "Cross-Indemnity Agreement").    -33-     (iii) The
Company and FNF shall, and FNF shall cause FNT to,  enter into a tax
disaffiliation agreement as of the time of the  Spin-off in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit E (the "Tax  Disaffiliation Agreement").   SECTION 5.17.
Company Common Stock Buy-Backs. If, after giving effect to actual or
anticipated or projected exercises of outstanding options to purchase shares
of Company Common Stock after the date hereof and prior to the Effective
Time, the Merger Consideration would not constitute more than 50% of the
shares of Company Common Stock outstanding immediately after the
Effective Time, the Company shall, if and to the extent directed by FNF,
repurchase such number of shares of Company Common Stock as shall be
reasonably adequate to cause the Merger Consideration to constitute more than
50% of the shares of Company Common Stock outstanding immediately after the
Effective Time; provided that the Company shall not be required to effect any
such repurchase if such repurchase would constitute or result in a violation
of applicable law, including Regulation M under the Exchange Act.   SECTION
5.18. Taxation. Neither FNF nor the Company shall take or cause to be taken
any action, whether before or after the Effective Time, that would be likely
to disqualify the Merger as a "reorganization" within the meaning of Section
368(a) of the Code.   SECTION 5.19. Takeover Statutes. If any "fair price,"
"moratorium," "control share acquisition" or other state takeover statute or
similar statute or regulation is or may become applicable to the Merger or
the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, each of FNF and the
Company and its respective board of directors shall grant such approvals and
take such actions as are necessary so that such transactions may be
consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated by this
Agreement and otherwise act to eliminate or minimize the effects of such
statute or regulation on such transactions.   SECTION 5.20. Employee
Benefits. The Company agrees to (i) provide coverage for FNF employees who
become employees of the Company under its medical, dental and health plans as
of the Effective Time, (ii) waive any preexisting conditions, waiting periods
and actively at work requirements under such plans, and (iii) cause such
plans to honor any expenses incurred by the employees and their beneficiaries
under similar plans of FNF during the portion of the calendar year in which
the Effective Time occurs for purposes of satisfying applicable deductible,
co-insurance and maximum out-of-pocket expenses. The Company will cause any
Company Benefit Plans (and any other employee benefit plans established by
the Company after the date hereof) in which the employees of FNF are eligible
to participate after the Effective Time to take into account for purposes of
eligibility, vesting and benefit accrual thereunder (but, in respect of
benefit accrual, only to the extent it would not result in a duplication of
benefits for the same period of service), service with FNF and its
Subsidiaries as if such service were with the Company, to the same extent
such service was credited under a comparable plan of FNF prior to the
Effective Time. With respect to all Benefit Plans that are sponsored by
FNF and constitute employee benefit plans within the meaning of Section 3(3)
of ERISA, including the Fidelity National Financial Group 401(k) Profit
Sharing Plan, FNF shall, to the extent any such plan is not terminated (and
all assets distributed and all liabilities satisfied) prior to the Effective
Time, cause the sponsorship of such plans to be transferred to FNT prior to
the Effective Time, together with all insurance policies, bonds, and trust,
services and other agreements relating to such plans; provided, however, that
FNT and FIS shall be entitled to the    -34-    rights and benefits
under such insurance policies, bonds, trusts to the extent reasonably
attributable to their respective businesses prior to the Effective Time, as
mutually agreed by such companies.   SECTION 5.21. Certegy Stock Incentive
Plan Amendment. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall (i) amend and
restate the Certegy Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (as amended and restated
through the date thereof) to increase the total number of shares available
under such plan by an additional 4,000,000 shares (the "Company Incentive
Plan Amendment"), and (ii) submit such amended and restated plan to the
Company\'s shareholders for approval at the Company Shareholders Meeting. The
Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain any required consent
or waiver of each holder of outstanding, unvested options issued under the
Company Incentive Plan so that the transactions contemplated hereby shall not
constitute a "change of control" within the meaning of the Company Incentive
Plan with respect to such holder.   ARTICLE VI   CONDITIONS PRECEDENT  
SECTION 6.1. Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect the Merger. The
respective obligation of each party to effect the Merger is subject to the
satisfaction or waiver on or prior to the Closing Date of the
following conditions:   (a) Stockholder Approval. This Agreement shall have
been adopted by  the requisite vote of the stockholders of FNF in accordance
with applicable  law and the FNF Charter and FNF By-laws and the approval of
the issuance of  Company Common Stock in the Merger shall have been approved
by the  requisite vote of the shareholders of the Company in accordance with
the  rules of the NYSE.   (b) Governmental and Regulatory Consents. All
filings required to be  made prior to the Effective Time with, and all
consents, approvals, permits  and authorizations required to be obtained
prior to the Effective Time  from, Governmental Entities, including those set
forth in Sections 3.1(c)  of the FNF Disclosure Schedule and 3.2(c) of the
Company Disclosure  Schedule, in connection with the execution and delivery
of this Agreement  and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby by FNF and the  Company shall have been made or obtained (as the case
may be), and such  consents, approvals, permits and authorizations shall be
subject to no  conditions other than conditions that would not reasonably be
expected to  have a Company Material Adverse Effect.   (c) HSR Act. Any
waiting period (and any extension thereof) applicable  to the Merger under
the HSR Act shall have been terminated or shall have  otherwise expired.  
(d) No Injunctions or Restraints. No temporary restraining order, 
preliminary or permanent injunction or other order issued by any 
Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction or other legal restraint or 
prohibition preventing the consummation of the Merger or any of the other 
transactions contemplated hereby shall be in effect and no    -35-    
Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction shall have enacted, issued, 
promulgated, enforced or entered any law deemed applicable to the Merger or 
any of the other transactions contemplated hereby individually or in the 
aggregate resulting in, or that is reasonably likely to result in, any of 
the foregoing; provided, however, that the party invoking this condition 
shall have used reasonable efforts to have any such order or injunction 
vacated.   (e) Form S-4. The Form S-4 shall have become effective under
the  Securities Act and shall not be the subject of any stop order and no 
proceedings for that purpose shall have been initiated or threatened by the 
SEC.   (f) NYSE Listing. The shares of Company Common Stock issuable to
FNF  stockholders pursuant to this Agreement shall have been authorized for 
listing on the NYSE upon official notice of issuance.   (g) Third-Party
Consents. All consents and waivers of third parties to  the consummation of
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated  hereby shall have been
obtained, other than those which, if not obtained,  individually or in the
aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have  a Company Material
Adverse Effect.   (h) Spin-Off. The Spin-off shall have occurred in
accordance with the  terms of the Spin-off Agreements.   (i) Related Party
Agreements. The amendments or terminations of the  Related Party Agreements
set forth in Section 5.16 of the Disclosure  Schedule shall have been entered
into by the parties thereto.   SECTION 6.2. Conditions to Obligations of
Company. The obligations of the Company to effect the Merger are further
subject to the following conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties.
The representations and warranties  of FNF set forth in Section 3.1(p) shall
be true and correct. The other  representations and warranties of FNF set
forth in this Agreement shall be  true and correct as of the date of this
Agreement (except to the extent  such representations and warranties speak as
of an earlier date) and as of  the Closing Date as though made on and as of
the Closing Date, subject to  such exceptions as do not have and would not
reasonably be expected to  have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company
Material Adverse Effect  after giving effect to the Merger. The Company shall
have received a  certificate dated as of the Closing Date and signed on
behalf of FNF by an  executive officer of FNF to the effect set forth in this
Section 6.2(a).   (b) Performance of Obligations of FNF. FNF shall have
performed in all  material respects all obligations required to be performed
by it under this  Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date, and the Company
shall have  received a certificate signed on behalf of FNF by an executive
officer of  FNF to such effect.   (c) Tax Matters.    -36-     (i)
The Company shall have received an opinion of its special tax  advisor, Weil,
Gotshal and Manges LLP, in substance and form  satisfactory to the Company,
dated the Closing Date, or FNF shall have  received a private letter ruling,
in substance and form satisfactory  to the Company, to the effect that the
Merger will be treated for  federal income tax purposes as a reorganization
within the meaning of  Section 368(a) of the Code, and that each of FNF and
the Company will  be a party to the reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(b)  of the Code. In rendering any such opinion, such counsel
shall be  entitled to rely upon customary assumptions and certificates of 
officers of FNF and the Company delivered to such counsel in  connection with
such opinion substantially in the form of Exhibits F  and G hereto.   (ii)
FNF shall have received (i) an opinion of its special tax  advisor, Deloitte
Tax LLP, in substance and form reasonably  satisfactory to the Company, dated
the Closing Date, to the effect  that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes,
the Asset Contribution (as  defined in the Securities Exchange Agreement)
will qualify as a  reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Code  (taking into account the Spin-off), and the Spin-off will qualify as
a  tax-free transaction under Section 355 and related provisions of the 
Code (including Section 361(c)(1)) for both FNF and its stockholders,  and
(ii) from the IRS a private letter ruling, in substance and form  reasonably
satisfactory to the Company, that specifically includes  rulings 1, 6, 15, 24
and 25 as requested in Section VI of the request  letter from Deloitte Tax
LLP to the IRS dated June 2, 2006, or rulings  substantially to that effect,
and such rulings shall be in full force  and effect.   (d) Other
Agreements. FNT shall have executed and delivered the  Cross-Indemnity
Agreement and FNT and FNF shall have executed and delivered  the Tax
Disaffiliation Agreement.   SECTION 6.3. Conditions to Obligation of FNF.
The obligation of FNF to effect the Merger is further subject to the
following conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties. The
representations and warranties  of the Company set forth in this Agreement
shall be true and correct  (without regard to any qualifications or
references to Company Material  Adverse Effect or "material" or any other
materiality qualifications or  references contained in any specific
representation or warranty), in each  case as of the date of this Agreement
and as of the Closing Date as though  made on and as of the Closing Date,
except (i) to the extent any such  representation and warranty speaks as of
an earlier date, in which event  such representation and warranty shall be
true and correct as of such date,  and (ii) where any failure of the
representations or warranties in the  aggregate to be true and correct would
not reasonably be expected to have a  Company Material Adverse Effect, and
FNF shall have received a certificate  dated as of the Closing Date and
signed on behalf of the Company by an  executive officer of the Company to
such effect.    -37-     (b) Performance of Obligations of the Company.
The Company shall have  performed in all material respects all obligations
required to be performed  by it under this Agreement at or prior to the
Closing Date, and FNF shall  have received a certificate signed on behalf of
the Company by an executive  officer of the Company to such effect.   (c)
Tax Matters. FNF shall have received an opinion of its special tax  advisor,
Deloitte Tax LLP, in substance and form satisfactory to FNF, dated  the
Closing Date, or FNF shall have received a private letter ruling, in 
substance and form satisfactory to FNF, to the effect that the Merger will 
be treated for federal income tax purposes as a reorganization within the 
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code, and that each of FNF and the Company 
will be a party to the reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(b) 
of the Code. In rendering any such opinion, such tax advisor shall be 
entitled to rely upon customary assumptions and certificates of officers of 
FNF and the Company delivered to such counsel in connection with such 
opinion substantially in the form of Exhibits F and G hereto.   (d) Other
Agreements. The Company and FNT shall have executed and  delivered the Cross-
Indemnity Agreement and the Tax Disaffiliation  Agreement.   ARTICLE
VII   TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER   SECTION 7.1. Termination. This
Agreement may be terminated and the Merger may be abandoned at any time prior
to the Effective Time, whether before or after approval of matters presented
in connection with the Merger by the stockholders of the Company and FNF:  
(a) by mutual written consent of the Company and FNF, as authorized by 
action of the Company Special Committee and the FNF Special Committee, 
respectively;   (b) by either the Company or FNF:   (i) if, upon a vote at
a duly held Company Shareholders Meeting  or FNF Stockholders Meeting or any
adjournment or postponement  thereof, any required approval of the
stockholders of the Company or  FNF, as the case may be, shall not have been
obtained;   (ii) if the Securities Exchange Agreement shall have been 
terminated;   (iii) if the Merger shall not have been consummated on or
before  December 31, 2006 (the "Termination Date"); or   (iv) if any
Governmental Entity shall have issued an order,  decree or ruling or taken
any other action permanently enjoining,  restraining or otherwise prohibiting
the Merger and such order,  decree, ruling or other action shall have become
final and  nonappealable;    -38-     (c) by the Company:   (i) if
the FNF Special Committee shall have withdrawn, qualified  or modified in any
material respect its approval of this Agreement or  its recommendation to the
FNF stockholders in a manner adverse to the  Company; or   (ii) if there
has been a breach of any representation, warranty,  covenant or agreement
made by FNF in this Agreement, or any such  representation and warranty shall
have become untrue or incorrect  after the execution of this Agreement, such
that Section 6.2(a) or  6.2(b) would not be satisfied and such breach or
failure to be true or  correct is not curable by the Termination Date; or  
(d) by FNF:   (i) if the Company Special Committee shall have withdrawn, 
qualified or modified in any material respect its approval of this  Agreement
or its recommendation to the Company shareholders in a  manner adverse to
FNF; or   (ii) if there has been a breach of any representation, warranty, 
covenant or agreement made by the Company in this Agreement, or any  such
representation and warranty shall have become untrue or incorrect  after the
execution of this Agreement, such that Section 6.3(a) or  6.3(b) would not be
satisfied and such breach or failure to be true or  correct is not curable by
the Termination Date.  The right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to
Section 7.1(b)(iii) shall not be available to any party that has breached in
any material respect its obligations under this Agreement in any manner that
shall have proximately contributed to the occurrence of the failure of a
condition to the consummation of the Merger.   SECTION 7.2. Effect of
Termination. In the event of termination of this Agreement and the
abandonment of the Merger by either the Company or FNF as provided in Section
7.1, this Agreement shall forthwith become void and have no effect, without
any liability or obligation on the part of FNF or the Company, other than as
set forth in this Section 7.2 and Article VIII, which shall survive such
termination. Nothing contained in this section shall relieve any party from
any liability or damages resulting from any willful and material breach of
any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements set forth in
this Agreement.   SECTION 7.3. Amendment. Subject to applicable law, at any
time prior to the Effective Time, the parties hereto may amend, modify or
supplement this Agreement; provided, however, that after approval of the
Merger by the stockholders of a party, no amendment shall be made that by law
requires the approval of such stockholders without the approval of such
stockholders. This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in
writing signed on behalf of each of the parties, as authorized by action of
the board of directors of the respective parties following approval of the
FNF Special Committee or Company Special Committee, as applicable.   
-39-     SECTION 7.4. Consent; Extension; Waiver. At any time prior to
the Effective Time, each party may (a) extend the time for the performance of
any of the obligations or other acts of the other party, (b) waive any
inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of the other party
contained in this Agreement or in any document delivered pursuant to this
Agreement or (c) subject to Section 7.3, waive compliance with any of the
agreements of the other party contained in this Agreement. The conditions to
each of the parties\' obligations to consummate the Merger are for the sole
benefit of such party and may be waived by such party in whole or in part to
the extent permitted by applicable law. Any agreement on the part of a party
to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an
instrument in writing signed on behalf of such party. The failure of any
party to this Agreement to assert any of its rights under this Agreement or
otherwise shall not constitute a waiver of such rights. Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, any right of FNF or the Company
to waive conditions or extend time periods under this Agreement shall be
valid only if authorized in writing by the FNF Special Committee or
the Company Special Committee, as applicable.   ARTICLE VIII   GENERAL
PROVISIONS   SECTION 8.1. Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties.
None of the representations and warranties in this Agreement or in any
instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the Effective
Time. This Section 8.1 shall not limit any covenant or agreement of the
parties which by its terms contemplates performance after the Effective
Time.   SECTION 8.2. Fees, Expenses and Transfer Taxes. Whether or not
the Merger shall be consummated, each party hereto shall pay its own fees
and expenses incident to preparing for, entering into and carrying out
this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby,
except that expenses incurred in connection with the filing fee for the Form
S-4 and printing and mailing the Proxy Statement and the Form S-4 shall be
shared equally by the Company and FNF and satisfied prior to the Effective
Time. All transfer, documentary, sales, use, stamp, registration and other
such taxes and fees (including penalties and interest) incurred in connection
with the Merger shall be paid by the Company when due.   SECTION 8.3.
Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement:   (i) an "affiliate" of any
person means another person that  directly or indirectly, through one or more
intermediaries, controls,  is controlled by, or is under common control with,
such first person;   (ii) "Excluded FNF Liabilities" means (i) all
Liabilities of FNF  to the extent the Company or any Company Subsidiary has,
as of or  prior to the Closing, agreed in writing to be responsible
therefor,  (ii) all Liabilities to the extent arising out of or related to
the  ownership or operation of the assets or properties, and the operations 
or conduct of the business, of the Company or any Company Subsidiary,  to the
extent the Company or any Company Subsidiary has, as of or  prior to the
Closing, agreed to be responsible therefor and (iii) all  guaranties or other
similar contractual Liabilities of FNF in respect  of a primary liability
or    -40-     obligation of the Company or any Company Subsidiary. For
the avoidance  of doubt, Excluded FNF Liabilities shall not include any
Liabilities  of FNF, whether due or to become due, for any out-of-pocket
expenses  (including all fees and disbursements of financial advisors,
legal  counsel and other advisors and consultants to FNF and the special 
committee of the board of directors of FNF) incurred in connection  with the
Asset Contribution (as defined in the Securities Exchange  Agreement), the
Spin-off, the Merger and the other transactions  contemplated by this
Agreement.   (iii) "Liabilities" means any direct or indirect liability, 
indebtedness, claim, loss, damage, deficiency, obligation, penalty, 
responsibility, cost or expense, fixed or unfixed, choate or inchoate, 
liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, accrued, absolute,  known
or unknown, contingent or otherwise.   (iv) "person" means an individual,
corporation, partnership,  joint venture, association, trust, unincorporated
organization or  other entity;   (v) a "subsidiary" of any person means
another person 50% or more  of the total combined voting power of all classes
of capital stock or  other voting interests of which, or 50% of more of the
equity  securities of which, is owned directly or indirectly by such first 
person;   (vi) the "transactions contemplated by this Agreement" and 
"transactions contemplated hereby" shall include the Merger but not  the
Spin-off and the execution, delivery and performance by the  parties thereto
of the Spin-off Agreements; and   (vii) the following terms have the meaning
set forth in the  Section set forth below:    TERM SECTION ----
--------  ~~
 Agreement............................................................
Preamble Assumed
Option....................................................... 2.2(a) Assumed
Restricted Share.............................................
2.1(d) Assumption Agreement.................................................
3.1(p) Benefit Plans........................................................
3.1(g) business day.........................................................
1.2 Certificate of Incorporation.........................................
1.5 Closing..............................................................
1.2 Closing Date.........................................................
1.2 Code.................................................................
Recitals Company..............................................................
Preamble Company Acquisition
Proposal......................................... 5.7(b) Company Benefit
Plans................................................ 3.2(g) Company By-
laws...................................................... 1.5(b) Company
Charter...................................................... 1.5(a)    
-41-      ~~  Company Common
Stock................................................. 2.1(b) Company
Commonly Controlled Entity................................... 3.2(g) Company
Disclosure Schedule.......................................... 3.2(b) Company
Incentive Plan Amendment..................................... 5.21 Company
Material Adverse Effect...................................... 3.2(a) Company
SEC Documents................................................ 3.2(d) Company
Special Committee............................................
Recitals Company Stock
Plans.................................................. 3.2(b) Company
Shareholder Approval......................................... 3.2(c) Company
Shareholders Meeting......................................... 5.3 Company
Subsidiary...................................................
3.2(a) Conversion Number....................................................
2.1(b) Cross-Indemnity Agreement............................................
5.16 Delaware Certificate of Merger.......................................
1.3 Delaware Secretary of State..........................................
1.3 DGCL.................................................................
Recitals Effective
Time.......................................................
1.3 ERISA................................................................
3.1(g) Excess Shares........................................................
2.3(f) Exchange Act.........................................................
3.1(c) Exchange Agent.......................................................
2.3(a) Exchange Fund........................................................
2.3(a) Executive Officers...................................................
3.1(e) Filed Company SEC Documents..........................................
3.2(e) Filed FNF SEC Documents..............................................
3.1(e) FNF..................................................................
Preamble FNF Acquisition
Proposal............................................. 5.7(a) FNF By-
laws.......................................................... 3.1(a) FNF
Charter.......................................................... 3.1(a) FNF
Common Stock.....................................................
Recitals FNF Disclosure
Schedule.............................................. 2.2(a) FNF Material
Adverse Effect.......................................... 3.1(a) FNF
Restricted Share................................................. 2.1(d) FNF
SEC Documents.................................................... 3.1(d) FNF
Special Committee................................................
Recitals FNF Stockholders
Meeting............................................. 5.3 FNF Stock
Option..................................................... 2.2(a) FNF Stock
Option Plans...............................................
2.2(a) FNT..................................................................
Recitals Form
S-4.............................................................
3.1(q) GBCC.................................................................
Recitals Georgia Certificate of
Merger........................................ 1.3 Georgia Secretary of
State...........................................
1.3 IRS..................................................................
3.1(h) Proxy Statement......................................................
3.1(q) Merger...............................................................
Recitals     -42-      ~~  Merger
Consideration.................................................
2.1(b) NYSE.................................................................
2.3(f) Option Exchange Number...............................................
2.2(a) Pension Plan.........................................................
3.1(g) Permits..............................................................
3.1(k) Related Party Agreements.............................................
5.17 Securities Act.......................................................
3.1(d) Securities Exchange Agreement........................................
Recitals Spin-
off.............................................................
Recitals Spin-off
Agreements.................................................. Recitals Stock
Consideration..................................................
2.1(b) Surviving Company....................................................
1.1 Tax Disaffiliation Agreement.........................................
5.16 Termination Date.....................................................
7.1(b) Welfare Plan.........................................................
3.1(g)     -43-    SECTION 8.4. Notices. All notices, requests, claims,
demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and
shall be deemed given if delivered personally or sent by overnight courier
(providing proof of delivery) or by facsimile to the parties at the following
addresses or facsimile number (or at such other address for a party as shall
be specified by like notice):   (i) if to the Company, to   Fidelity
National Information Services, Inc.  601 Riverside Avenue  Jacksonville, FL
32204  Fax: (904) 357-1005  Attention: General Counsel   and, if prior to
Closing, with a copy to:   Weil, Gotshal and Manges LLP  100 Federal Street 
Boston, MA 02110  Fax: (617) 772-8333  Attention: James Westra  Marilyn
French   (ii) if to FNF, to   Fidelity National Financial, Inc.  601
Riverside Avenue  Jacksonville, FL 32204  Fax: (904) 357-1005  Attention:
General Counsel   and, if prior to Closing, with a copy to:   LeBoeuf,
Lamb, Greene and MacRae LLP  125 West 55th Street  New York, NY 10019  Fax:
(212) 424-8500  Attention: Robert S. Rachofsky  Gary D. Boss   and, if
prior to Closing, with a copy to:   Sullivan and Cromwell LLP  125 Broad
Street  New York, NY 10004  Fax: (212) 558-3588  Attention: Neil T.
Anderson  John J. O\'Brien    -44-    Any notice, request, instruction
or other document given as provided above shall be deemed given to the
receiving party upon actual receipt, if delivered personally; on the next
business day after deposit with an overnight courier, if sent by an overnight
courier; or upon confirmation of successful transmission if sent by facsimile
(provided that if given by facsimile such notice, request, instruction or
other document shall be followed up within one business day by dispatch
pursuant to one of the other methods described herein).   SECTION 8.5.
Interpretation. When a reference is made in this Agreement to a Section,
Exhibit or Schedule, such reference shall be to a Section of, or an Exhibit
or Schedule to, this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. Any fact or item
disclosed on any section of the FNF Disclosure Schedule or the Company
Disclosure Schedule shall be deemed disclosed on all other sections of the
Disclosure Schedule to which such fact or item may apply. Disclosure of any
item in the FNF Disclosure Schedule or the Company Disclosure Schedule shall
not be deemed an admission that such item represents a material item, fact,
exception of fact, event or circumstance or that occurrence or non-occurrence
of any change or effect related to such item would result in an FNF Material
Adverse Effect or Company Material Adverse Effect, as applicable. The table
of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are for
reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words "include", "includes" or
"including" are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed
by the words "without limitation".   SECTION 8.6. Counterparts. This
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall be
considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when one or
more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to
the other parties.   SECTION 8.7. Entire Agreement; Third-Party
Beneficiaries. This Agreement (including the FNF Disclosure Schedule and the
Company Disclosure Schedule) and the other agreements referred to herein
constitute the entire agreement, and supersede all prior agreements and
understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the
subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement is not intended to confer
upon any person other than the parties hereto any rights or remedies. The
representations and warranties in this Agreement are the product of
negotiations among the parties hereto and are for the sole benefit of the
parties hereto. Any inaccuracies in such representations and warranties are
subject to waiver by the parties hereto in accordance with this Agreement
without notice or liability to any other person. In some instances, the
representations and warranties in this Agreement may represent an allocation
among the parties hereto of risks associated with particular matters
regardless of the knowledge of any of the parties hereto. Consequently,
persons other than the parties hereto may not rely upon the representations
and warranties in this Agreement as characterizations of actual facts or
circumstances as of the date of this Agreement or as of any other date.  
SECTION 8.8. Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any of the
rights, interests or obligations under this Agreement shall be assigned, in
whole or in part, by operation    -45-    of law or otherwise (other
than by operation of law in a merger) by any of the parties without the prior
written consent of the other party, and any such assignment that is not
consented to shall be null and void. Subject to the preceding sentence, this
Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable
by, the parties and their respective successors and assigns.   SECTION 8.9.
Governing Law. This Agreement deemed to be made and in all respects shall be
governed by, and interpreted and construed in accordance with, the laws of
the State of New York without regard to the conflict of law principles
thereof (other than those provisions set forth herein that are required to be
governed by the DGCL or the GBCC).   SECTION 8.10. Enforcement; Venue;
Waiver of Jury Trial.   (a) The parties agree that irreparable damage would
occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not
performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached.
It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to seek an
injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to
enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement in any court
of the United States or any state court, which in either case is located in
the City of Jacksonville (any such federal or state court, a "Jacksonville
Court"), in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or
in equity. In addition, each of the parties hereto (a) consents to submit
itself to the personal jurisdiction of any Jacksonville Court in the event
any dispute arises out of this Agreement or any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, (b) agrees that it will not attempt to deny
or defeat such personal jurisdiction or venue by motion or other request for
leave from any such Jacksonville Court and (c) agrees that it will not bring
any action relating to this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement in any court other than a Jacksonville Court.   (b) EACH
PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS
AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND
THEREFORE EACH SUCH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY
RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION
DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, OR THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES
AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (i) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER
PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD
NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER, (ii)
EACH PARTY UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER,
(iii) EACH PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY, AND (iv) EACH PARTY HAS BEEN
INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL
WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 8.10.   SECTION 8.11.
Severability. Whenever possible, each provision or portion of any provision
of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and
valid under applicable law but if any provision or portion of any provision
of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any
respect under any applicable law or rule in any   
-46-    jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will
not affect any other provision or portion of any provision in such
jurisdiction, and this Agreement will be reformed, construed and enforced in
such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision or
portion of any provision had never been contained herein.    -47-    
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and FNF have caused this Agreement to be
signed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, all as of
the date first written above.   FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION  SERVICES,
INC.    ----------------------------------------  Name: 
----------------------------------  Title: 
---------------------------------    FIDELITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL, INC.  
----------------------------------------  Name: 
----------------------------------  Title: 
---------------------------------    -48-   '

