<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit10-18k040805.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1 SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.1





                          SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

         This Securities  Purchase  Agreement (this  "Agreement") is dated as of
April 6, 2005 among Pacific Gold Corp., a Nevada  corporation  (the  "Company"),
and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its
successors and assigns, a "Purchaser" and collectively the "Purchasers").

         WHEREAS,  subject  to the  terms  and  conditions  set  forth  in  this
Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the "Securities Act") and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder,  the Company desires
to issue  and sell to each  Purchaser,  and each  Purchaser,  severally  and not
jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more
fully described in this Agreement.

         NOW,  THEREFORE,  IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in
this Agreement,  and for other good and valuable  consideration  the receipt and
adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged,  the Company and each Purchaser agree
as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I.
                                  DEFINITIONS

         1.1    Definitions.  In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this
Agreement:  (a) capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined herein have the
meanings given to such terms in the Debentures (as defined herein),  and (b) the
following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1.1:

                "Action" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section
         3.1(j).

                "Affiliate"  means  any  Person  that,  directly  or  indirectly
         through one or more intermediaries,  controls or is controlled by or is
         under  common  control  with a  Person,  as such  terms are used in and
         construed  under Rule 144 under the  Securities  Act. With respect to a
         Purchaser,  any investment fund or managed account that is managed on a
         discretionary  basis by the same  investment  manager as such Purchaser
         will be deemed to be an Affiliate of such Purchaser.

                "Closing"  means the  closing  of the  purchase  and sale of the
         Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

                "Closing Date" means the Trading Day when all of the Transaction
         Documents  have been executed and delivered by the  applicable  parties
         thereto,   and  all  conditions   precedent  to  (i)  the   Purchasers'
         obligations  to pay the  Subscription  Amount  and (ii)  the  Company's
         obligations to deliver the Securities have been satisfied or waived.


<PAGE>

                "Closing  Price"  means  on any  particular  date  (a) the  last
         reported  closing  bid price per share of Common  Stock on such date on
         the Trading  Market (as reported by Bloomberg L.P. at 4:15 PM (New York
         time)), or (b) if there is no such price on such date, then the closing
         bid price on the Trading Market on the date nearest preceding such date
         (as  reported  by  Bloomberg  L.P.  at 4:15 PM (New York  time) for the
         closing bid price for regular  session  trading on such day), or (c) if
         the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted on the Trading Market and
         if prices for the Common Stock are then  reported in the "pink  sheets"
         published by the Pink Sheets, LLC (or a similar  organization or agency
         succeeding to its functions of reporting  prices),  the most recent bid
         price per share of the Common Stock so  reported,  or (d) if the shares
         of Common Stock are not then publicly traded the fair market value of a
         share  of  Common  Stock  as  determined  by  a  qualified  independent
         appraiser  selected  in good faith by the  Purchasers  of a majority in
         interest of the Principal Amount of Debentures then outstanding.

                "Commission" means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

                "Common Stock" means the common stock of the Company,  par value
         $0.001 per share,  and any other  class of  securities  into which such
         securities may hereafter have been reclassified or changed into.

                "Common Stock  Equivalents"  means any securities of the Company
         or the  Subsidiaries  which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
         at any time  Common  Stock,  including  without  limitation,  any debt,
         preferred stock, rights, options,  warrants or other instrument that is
         at any time convertible into or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles
         the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

                "Company Counsel" means Graubard Miller.

                "Conversion  Price" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term
         in the Debentures.

                "Debentures"  means, the Convertible  Debentures due, subject to
         the terms therein,  three years from their date of issuance,  issued by
         the Company to the Purchasers hereunder, in the form of Exhibit A.

                "Disclosure  Schedules"  shall have the meaning ascribed to such
         term in Section 3.1.

                "Effective  Date" means the date that the  initial  Registration
         Statement  filed by the  Company  pursuant to the  Registration  Rights
         Agreement is first declared effective by the Commission.

                "Escrow  Agent"  shall have the  meaning set forth in the Escrow
         Agreement.

                "Escrow   Agreement"   shall  mean  the  Escrow   Agreement   in
         substantially  the form of  Exhibit  E hereto  executed  and  delivered
         contemporaneously with this Agreement.

                "Evaluation  Date" shall have the meaning  ascribed to such term
         in Section 3.1(r).


                                       2
<PAGE>

                "Exchange  Act" means the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,  as
         amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

                "Exempt  Issuance"  means the  issuance  of (a) shares of Common
         Stock or options to  employees,  officers or  directors  of the Company
         pursuant to any stock or option plan duly  adopted by a majority of the
         non-employee  members  of the Board of  Directors  of the  Company or a
         majority  of the  members  of a  committee  of  non-employee  directors
         established  for such purpose,  (b) securities  upon the exercise of or
         conversion of any Securities issued hereunder,  convertible securities,
         options  or  warrants  issued  and  outstanding  on the  date  of  this
         Agreement,  provided that such  securities  have not been amended since
         the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or
         to decrease the exercise or  conversion  price of any such  securities,
         (c)   securities   issued   pursuant  to   acquisitions   or  strategic
         transactions,  provided  any such  issuance  shall  only be to a Person
         which is, itself or through its  subsidiaries,  an operating company in
         the  mining,  oil or gas, or mineral or  resource  related  business or
         other  business  synergistic  with the  business  of the Company and in
         which the Company  receives  benefits in addition to the  investment of
         funds,  but shall not  include a  transaction  in which the  Company is
         issuing  securities  primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to
         an entity whose  primary  business is investing in  securities  and (d)
         securities  issued  pursuant to the Company's 2002  Performance  Equity
         Plan, as such Plan exists on the date hereof.

                "FW" means  Feldman  Weinstein LLP with offices at 420 Lexington
         Avenue, Suite 2620, New York, New York 10170-0002.

                "GAAP"  shall have the meaning  ascribed to such term in Section
         3.1(h).

                "Intellectual  Property  Rights" shall have the meaning ascribed
         to such term in Section 3.1(o).

                "Legend  Removal  Date" shall have the meaning  ascribed to such
         term in Section 4.1(c).

                "Liens" means a lien, charge,  security  interest,  encumbrance,
         right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

                "Material  Adverse  Effect"  shall have the meaning  assigned to
         such term in Section 3.1(b).

                "Material  Permits" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term
         in Section 3.1(m).

                "Maximum  Rate" shall have the meaning  ascribed to such term in
         Section 5.17.

                "Participation  Maximum" shall have the meaning ascribed to such
         term in Section 4.13.


                                       3
<PAGE>

                "Person" means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust,
         incorporated  or  unincorporated  association,  joint venture,  limited
         liability  company,  joint stock  company,  government (or an agency or
         subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

                "Pre-Notice"  shall have the  meaning  ascribed  to such term in
         Section 4.13.

                "Principal Amount" shall mean, as to each Purchaser, the amounts
         set forth below such Purchaser's signature block on the signature pages
         hereto and next to the heading  "Principal  Amount",  in United  States
         Dollars,  which  shall  equal  such  Purchaser's   Subscription  Amount
         multiplied by 1.37.

                "Proceeding"  means an action,  claim,  suit,  investigation  or
         proceeding (including,  without limitation, an investigation or partial
         proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

                "Purchaser  Party" shall have the meaning  ascribed to such term
         in Section 4.11.

                "Registration  Rights  Agreement" means the Registration  Rights
         Agreement, dated the date hereof, among the Company and the Purchasers,
         in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto.

                "Registration  Statement" means a registration statement meeting
         the  requirements  set forth in the  Registration  Rights Agreement and
         covering  the  resale of the  Underlying  Shares by each  Purchaser  as
         provided for in the Registration Rights Agreement.

                "Required  Approvals"  shall have the  meaning  ascribed to such
         term in Section 3.1(e).

                "Required  Minimum" means, as of any date, the maximum aggregate
         number of shares of Common Stock then issued or potentially issuable in
         the  future  pursuant  to  the  Transaction  Documents,  including  any
         Underlying  Shares  issuable upon exercise or conversion in full of all
         Warrants and Debentures, ignoring any conversion or exercise limits set
         forth therein,  and assuming that the Conversion  Price is at all times
         on and after the date of determination 75% of the then Conversion Price
         on the Trading Day immediately prior to the date of determination.

                "Rule 144" means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant
         to the  Securities  Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time,
         or any similar rule or regulation  hereafter  adopted by the Commission
         having substantially the same effect as such Rule.

                "SEC  Reports"  shall have the meaning  ascribed to such term in
         Section 3.1(h).

                "Securities"  means the  Debentures,  the Warrants,  the Warrant
         Shares and the Underlying Shares.

                "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.


                                       4
<PAGE>

                "Short Sales" shall include all "short sales" as defined in Rule
         200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act.

                "Subscription Amount" means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate
         amount to be paid for  Debentures and Warrants  purchased  hereunder as
         specified  below such  Purchaser's  name on the signature  page of this
         Agreement  and next to the  heading  "Subscription  Amount",  in United
         States Dollars and in immediately available funds.

                "Subsequent  Financing"  shall have the meaning ascribed to such
         term in Section 4.13.

                "Subsequent Financing Notice" shall have the meaning ascribed to
         such term in Section 4.13.

                "Subsidiary" means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on
         Schedule 3.1(a).

                "Trading Day" means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on
         a Trading Market

                "Trading  Market"  means the  following  markets or exchanges on
         which the Common  Stock is listed or quoted for  trading on the date in
         question:  the Nasdaq SmallCap Market, the American Stock Exchange, the
         New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq National Market or the OTC Bulletin
         Board.

                "Transaction  Documents"  means this Agreement,  the Debentures,
         the Warrants,  the Escrow Agreement,  the Registration Rights Agreement
         and any other  documents or agreements  executed in connection with the
         transactions contemplated hereunder.

                "Underlying  Shares"  means the shares of Common Stock  issuable
         upon conversion of the Debentures and upon exercise of the Warrants.

                "Warrants"   means   collectively   the  Common  Stock  purchase
         warrants,  in the form of Exhibit C delivered to the  Purchasers at the
         Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof,  which Warrants shall
         be exercisable  immediately  and have a term of exercise equal to three
         years.

                "Warrant  Shares" means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon
         exercise of the Warrants.

                                  ARTICLE II.
                                PURCHASE AND SALE

         2.1    Closing.  On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth herein,  concurrent with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement by the parties hereto,  the Company agrees to sell, and each Purchaser
agrees to purchase in the aggregate, severally and not jointly, up to $4,000,000
Principal Amount of the Debentures.  Each Purchaser shall deliver to the Company
via wire  transfer or a certified  check  immediately  available  funds equal to
their Subscription  Amount and the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser their
respective  Debenture and Warrants as determined  pursuant to Section 2.2(a) and
the  other  items  set  forth in  Section  2.2  issuable  at the  Closing.  Upon
satisfaction  of the  conditions  set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing
shall occur at the offices of the Escrow  Agent,  or such other  location as the
parties shall mutually agree.


                                       5
<PAGE>

         2.2    Deliveries.

                a)     On the Closing  Date,  the Company shall deliver or cause
                       to be  delivered to the Escrow Agent with respect to each
                       Purchaser the following:

                       (i)    this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

                       (ii)   a  Debenture  with the  Principal  Amount  of such
                              Purchaser,   registered   in  the   name  of  such
                              Purchaser;

                       (iii)  a Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser
                              to  purchase  up to a number  of  shares of Common
                              Stock equal to 25% of such  Purchaser's  Principal
                              Amount  divided by the Conversion  Price,  with an
                              exercise  price  equal  to  $2.125,   subject   to
                              adjustment therein;

                       (iv)   the Escrow Agreement duly executed by the Company;

                       (v)    the Registration Rights Agreement duly executed by
                              the Company; and

                       (vi)   a legal opinion of Company Counsel, in the form of
                              Exhibit D attached hereto.

                b)     On the Closing  Date,  each  Purchaser  shall  deliver or
                       cause to be delivered to the Escrow Agent the following:

                       (i)    this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser;

                       (ii)   such  Purchaser's   Subscription  Amount  by  wire
                              transfer to the account of the Escrow Agent;

                       (iii)  the  Escrow   Agreement   duly  executed  by  such
                              Purchaser; and

                       (iv)   the Registration Rights Agreement duly executed by
                              such Purchaser.


                                       6
<PAGE>

         2.3    Closing Conditions.

                a)     The  obligations  of the Company  hereunder in connection
                       with the Closing are subject to the following  conditions
                       being met:

                       (i)    the  accuracy in all material  respects  when made
                              and on the Closing Date of the representations and
                              warranties of the Purchasers contained herein;

                       (ii)   all  obligations,  covenants and agreements of the
                              Purchasers required to be performed at or prior to
                              the Closing Date shall have been performed; and

                       (iii)  the  delivery by the  Purchasers  of the items set
                              forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

                b)     The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in
                       connection  with the Closing are subject to the following
                       conditions being met:

                       (i)    the  accuracy  in  all  material  respects  on the
                              Closing Date of the representations and warranties
                              of the Company contained herein;

                       (ii)   all  obligations,  covenants and agreements of the
                              Company  required to be  performed  at or prior to
                              the Closing Date shall have been performed;

                       (iii)  the delivery by the Company of the items set forth
                              in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

                       (iv)   there shall have been no Material  Adverse  Effect
                              with respect to the Company since the date hereof;
                              and

                       (v)    From the date hereof to the Closing Date,  trading
                              in the Common Stock shall not have been  suspended
                              by the  Commission  (except for any  suspension of
                              trading  of  limited  duration  agreed  to by  the
                              Company,  which  suspension  shall  be  terminated
                              prior to the  Closing),  and, at any time prior to
                              the Closing Date, trading in securities  generally
                              as reported by Bloomberg  Financial  Markets shall
                              not have been  suspended  or  limited,  or minimum
                              prices   shall  not  have  been   established   on
                              securities  whose  trades  are  reported  by  such
                              service,  or on any  Trading  Market,  nor shall a
                              banking  moratorium  have been declared  either by
                              the United  States or New York  State  authorities
                              nor  shall  there  have   occurred   any  material
                              outbreak or  escalation  of  hostilities  or other
                              national   or   international   calamity  of  such
                              magnitude  in  its  effect  on,  or  any  material
                              adverse change in, any financial  market which, in
                              each  case,  in the  reasonable  judgment  of each
                              Purchaser,  makes it  impracticable or inadvisable
                              to purchase the Debentures at the Closing.


                                       7
<PAGE>

                                  ARTICLE III.
                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

         3.1    Representations  and  Warranties  of the Company.  Except as set
forth under the corresponding  section of the disclosure  schedules delivered to
the  Purchasers   concurrently  herewith  (the  "Disclosure   Schedules")  which
Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof, the Company hereby makes the
representations and warranties set forth below to each Purchaser.

                (a)    Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries
         of the  Company  are set forth on Schedule  3.1(a).  The Company  owns,
         directly  or  indirectly,  all of the  capital  stock or  other  equity
         interests of each Subsidiary  free and clear of any Liens,  and all the
         issued and  outstanding  shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are
         validly  issued  and  are  fully  paid,   non-assessable  and  free  of
         preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase  securities.
         If the Company has no subsidiaries,  then references in the Transaction
         Documents to the Subsidiaries will be disregarded.

                (b)    Organization and  Qualification.  The Company and each of
         the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
         validly   existing  and  in  good  standing   under  the  laws  of  the
         jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization (as applicable), with
         the  requisite  power and authority to own and use its  properties  and
         assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the
         Company nor any  Subsidiary  is in  violation  or default of any of the
         provisions of its respective  certificate or articles of incorporation,
         bylaws  or  other  organizational  or  charter  documents.  Each of the
         Company and the  Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and
         is in good  standing as a foreign  corporation  or other entity in each
         jurisdiction in which the nature of the business  conducted or property
         owned  by it makes  such  qualification  necessary,  except  where  the
         failure to be so  qualified  or in good  standing,  as the case may be,
         could not have or  reasonably  be  expected to result in (i) a material
         adverse  effect on the  legality,  validity  or  enforceability  of any
         Transaction Document,  (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of
         operations,  assets, business,  prospects or financial condition of the
         Company  and the  Subsidiaries,  taken as a whole,  or (iii) a material
         adverse  effect on the  Company's  ability to  perform in any  material
         respect  on a  timely  basis  its  obligations  under  any  Transaction
         Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a "Material  Adverse  Effect") and
         no Proceeding has been  instituted in any such  jurisdiction  revoking,
         limiting  or  curtailing  or seeking to revoke,  limit or curtail  such
         power and authority or qualification.

                (c)    Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite
         corporate  power and  authority  to enter  into and to  consummate  the
         transactions  contemplated  by each of the  Transaction  Documents  and
         otherwise to carry out its  obligations  thereunder.  The execution and
         delivery of each of the  Transaction  Documents  by the Company and the
         consummation by it of the transactions  contemplated  thereby have been
         duly authorized by all necessary  action on the part of the Company and
         no further  action is required by the Company in  connection  therewith
         other than in connection with the Required Approvals.  Each Transaction
         Document has been (or upon  delivery  will have been) duly  executed by
         the Company and, when  delivered in  accordance  with the terms hereof,
         will  constitute  the  valid  and  binding  obligation  of the  Company
         enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms except (i)
         as  limited  by  applicable  bankruptcy,  insolvency,   reorganization,
         moratorium and other laws of general application  affecting enforcement
         of creditors'  rights generally and (ii) as limited by laws relating to
         the availability of specific  performance,  injunctive  relief or other
         equitable remedies.


                                       8
<PAGE>

                (d)    No Conflicts. The execution,  delivery and performance of
         the  Transaction  Documents by the Company and the  consummation by the
         Company of the other transactions  contemplated thereby do not and will
         not: (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Company's or any
         Subsidiary's certificate or articles of incorporation,  bylaws or other
         organizational  or  charter  documents,   or  (ii)  conflict  with,  or
         constitute  a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or
         both would become a default) under,  result in the creation of any Lien
         upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any  Subsidiary,
         or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or
         cancellation  (with or without  notice,  lapse of time or both) of, any
         agreement,  credit  facility,  debt or other  instrument  (evidencing a
         Company or  Subsidiary  debt or otherwise)  or other  understanding  to
         which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property
         or asset of the  Company or any  Subsidiary  is bound or  affected,  or
         (iii) subject to the Required  Approvals,  conflict with or result in a
         violation of any law, rule, regulation,  order,  judgment,  injunction,
         decree or other  restriction of any court or governmental  authority to
         which the Company or a  Subsidiary  is subject  (including  federal and
         state  securities  laws and  regulations),  or by which any property or
         asset of the Company or a Subsidiary  is bound or  affected;  except in
         the case of each of clauses  (ii) and (iii),  such as could not have or
         reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

                (e)    Filings,  Consents  and  Approvals.  The  Company  is not
         required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give
         any notice to, or make any filing or  registration  with,  any court or
         other federal,  state, local or other  governmental  authority or other
         Person in connection  with the execution,  delivery and  performance by
         the  Company  of the  Transaction  Documents,  other  than (i)  filings
         required  pursuant to Section 4.6, (ii) the filing with the  Commission
         of the Registration  Statement,  (iii) the notice and/or application(s)
         to each  applicable  Trading  Market for the  issuance  and sale of the
         Debentures  and Warrants and the listing of the  Underlying  Shares for
         trading  thereon in the time and manner  required  thereby and (iv) the
         filing of Form D with the  Commission  and such filings as are required
         to be made under applicable state  securities laws  (collectively,  the
         "Required Approvals").

                (f)    Issuance  of the  Securities.  The  Securities  are  duly
         authorized  and,  when  issued  and  paid  for in  accordance  with the
         applicable  Transaction  Documents,  will be duly and  validly  issued,
         fully paid and  nonassessable,  free and clear of all Liens  imposed by
         the Company  other than  restrictions  on transfer  provided for in the
         Transaction Documents. The Underlying Shares, when issued in accordance
         with the terms of the  Transaction  Documents,  will be validly issued,
         fully paid and  nonassessable,  free and clear of all Liens  imposed by
         the Company.  The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital
         stock a number of shares of Common Stock for issuance of the Underlying
         Shares at least equal to the Required Minimum on the date hereof.


                                       9
<PAGE>

                (g)    Capitalization.  The  capitalization of the Company is as
         set forth on  Schedule  3.1(g).  The Company has not issued any capital
         stock since its most recently filed periodic  report under the Exchange
         Act,  other than  pursuant to the  exercise of employee  stock  options
         under the  Company's  stock  option  plans,  the  issuance of shares of
         Common  Stock to employees  pursuant to the  Company's  employee  stock
         purchase plan and pursuant to the conversion or exercise of outstanding
         Common  Stock  Equivalents.  No Person has any right of first  refusal,
         preemptive  right,  right of  participation,  or any  similar  right to
         participate  in  the  transactions   contemplated  by  the  Transaction
         Documents.  Except  as a  result  of  the  purchase  and  sale  of  the
         Securities,  there are no outstanding options,  warrants, script rights
         to  subscribe  to, calls or  commitments  of any  character  whatsoever
         relating to, or securities,  rights or obligations  convertible into or
         exchangeable  for, or giving any Person any right to  subscribe  for or
         acquire,  any  shares  of  Common  Stock,  or  contracts,  commitments,
         understandings  or  arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary
         is or may become  bound to issue  additional  shares of Common Stock or
         Common Stock Equivalents.  The issuance and sale of the Securities will
         not  obligate  the  Company  to issue  shares of Common  Stock or other
         securities  to any  Person  (other  than the  Purchasers)  and will not
         result in a right of any  holder of  Company  securities  to adjust the
         exercise,  conversion,  exchange or reset price under such  securities.
         All of the  outstanding  shares of  capital  stock of the  Company  are
         validly  issued,  fully  paid and  nonassessable,  have been  issued in
         compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such
         outstanding  shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or
         similar  rights to  subscribe  for or purchase  securities.  No further
         approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors of
         the  Company or others is  required  for the  issuance  and sale of the
         Securities. There are no stockholders agreements,  voting agreements or
         other similar agreements with respect to the Company's capital stock to
         which  the  Company  is a party or, to the  knowledge  of the  Company,
         between or among any of the Company's stockholders.

                (h)    SEC Reports;  Financial Statements. The Company has filed
         all reports,  schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
         to be  filed by it  under  the  Securities  Act and the  Exchange  Act,
         including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two years
         preceding  the date hereof (or such  shorter  period as the Company was
         required  by law to  file  such  material)  (the  foregoing  materials,
         including the exhibits thereto and documents  incorporated by reference
         therein, being collectively referred to herein as the "SEC Reports") on
         a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing
         and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the  expiration of any such
         extension.  As of their  respective  dates, the SEC Reports complied in
         all material  respects with the  requirements of the Securities Act and
         the  Exchange  Act and the  rules  and  regulations  of the  Commission
         promulgated  thereunder,  and  none of the  SEC  Reports,  when  filed,
         contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a
         material  fact  required to be stated  therein or necessary in order to
         make the statements  therein, in light of the circumstances under which
         they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company
         included  in the SEC  Reports  comply  in all  material  respects  with
         applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the
         Commission  with  respect  thereto  as in effect at the time of filing.
         Such financial  statements have been prepared in accordance with United
         States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent
         basis during the periods involved ("GAAP"),  except as may be otherwise
         specified in such financial  statements or the notes thereto and except
         that  unaudited  financial  statements  may not contain  all  footnotes
         required  by GAAP,  and fairly  present in all  material  respects  the
         financial position of the Company and its consolidated  subsidiaries as
         of and for the dates  thereof  and the results of  operations  and cash
         flows for the periods  then ended,  subject,  in the case of  unaudited
         statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.


                                       10
<PAGE>

                (i)    Material  Changes.  Since the date of the latest  audited
         financial  statements  included  within  the  SEC  Reports,  except  as
         specifically disclosed in the SEC Reports, (i) there has been no event,
         occurrence  or  development  that has had or that could  reasonably  be
         expected to result in a Material  Adverse Effect,  (ii) the Company has
         not incurred any liabilities  (contingent or otherwise)  other than (A)
         trade payables and accrued expenses  incurred in the ordinary course of
         business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required
         to be reflected in the Company's financial  statements pursuant to GAAP
         or required to be disclosed in filings made with the Commission,  (iii)
         the Company has not altered its method of accounting,  (iv) the Company
         has not declared or made any dividend or  distribution of cash or other
         property  to its  stockholders  or  purchased,  redeemed  or  made  any
         agreements  to purchase  or redeem any shares of its capital  stock and
         (v) the Company has not issued any equity  securities  to any  officer,
         director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock option
         plans.  The Company does not have  pending  before the  Commission  any
         request for confidential treatment of information.

                (j)    Litigation. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), there
         is no  action,  suit,  inquiry,  notice  of  violation,  proceeding  or
         investigation  pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,  threatened
         against  or  affecting  the  Company,  any  Subsidiary  or any of their
         respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator,  governmental
         or  administrative  agency or  regulatory  authority  (federal,  state,
         county,  local  or  foreign)  (collectively,  an  "Action")  which  (i)
         adversely   affects   or   challenges   the   legality,   validity   or
         enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or
         (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable  decision,  have or reasonably
         be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company
         nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been
         the  subject  of any  Action  involving  a  claim  of  violation  of or
         liability  under federal or state  securities laws or a claim of breach
         of  fiduciary  duty.  There has not been,  and to the  knowledge of the
         Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the
         Commission  involving the Company or any current or former  director or
         officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or
         other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration  statement
         filed by the Company or any  Subsidiary  under the  Exchange Act or the
         Securities Act.


                                       11
<PAGE>

                (k)    Labor Relations.  No material labor dispute exists or, to
         the  knowledge of the Company,  is imminent  with respect to any of the
         employees of the Company  which could  reasonably be expected to result
         in a Material Adverse Effect.

                (l)    Compliance.  Except  as set  forth  in  Schedule  3.1(j),
         neither the Company nor any  Subsidiary  (i) is in default  under or in
         violation of (and no event has occurred  that has not been waived that,
         with notice or lapse of time or both,  would result in a default by the
         Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary
         received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in
         violation  of, any  indenture,  loan or credit  agreement  or any other
         agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of
         its  properties is bound  (whether or not such default or violation has
         been  waived),  (ii)  is in  violation  of  any  order  of  any  court,
         arbitrator or  governmental  body, or (iii) is or has been in violation
         of any  statute,  rule or  regulation  of any  governmental  authority,
         including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws
         applicable  to its  business  except  in each  case as could not have a
         Material Adverse Effect.

                (m)    Regulatory  Permits.  The  Company  and the  Subsidiaries
         possess all  certificates,  authorizations  and  permits  issued by the
         appropriate  federal,  state, local or foreign  regulatory  authorities
         necessary to conduct  their  respective  businesses as described in the
         SEC Reports, except where the failure to possess such permits could not
         have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material  Adverse  Effect
         ("Material  Permits"),  and neither the Company nor any  Subsidiary has
         received  any  notice of  proceedings  relating  to the  revocation  or
         modification of any Material Permit.

                (n)    Title to Assets.  Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(n),
         the Company and the Subsidiaries  have good and marketable title in fee
         simple  to all real  property  owned by them  that is  material  to the
         business of the Company and the  Subsidiaries  and good and  marketable
         title in all  personal  property  owned by them that is material to the
         business  of the Company  and the  Subsidiaries,  in each case free and
         clear of all Liens,  except for Liens as do not  materially  affect the
         value of such  property and do not  materially  interfere  with the use
         made and  proposed  to be made of such  property by the Company and the
         Subsidiaries  and  Liens for the  payment  of  federal,  state or other
         taxes,  the  payment  of which is  neither  delinquent  nor  subject to
         penalties.  Any real  property and  facilities  held under lease by the
         Company and the Subsidiaries  are held by them under valid,  subsisting
         and enforceable leases of which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in
         compliance.

                (o)    Patents and Trademarks.  The Company and the Subsidiaries
         have,  or  have  rights  to  use,  all  patents,  patent  applications,
         trademarks,   trademark  applications,   service  marks,  trade  names,
         copyrights, licenses and other similar rights necessary or material for
         use in connection with their respective  businesses as described in the
         SEC  Reports  and which the  failure  to so have  could have a Material
         Adverse Effect  (collectively,  the  "Intellectual  Property  Rights").
         Neither the Company nor any  Subsidiary  has received a written  notice
         that  the  Intellectual  Property  Rights  used by the  Company  or any
         Subsidiary  violates or infringes upon the rights of any Person. To the
         knowledge of the Company,  all such  Intellectual  Property  Rights are
         enforceable and there is no existing  infringement by another Person of
         any of the Intellectual Property Rights.


                                       12
<PAGE>

                (p)    Insurance.  Except as set forth on Schedule  3.1(p),  the
         Company and the  Subsidiaries  are  insured by  insurers of  recognized
         financial  responsibility  against  such  losses  and risks and in such
         amounts as are prudent and  customary  in the  businesses  in which the
         Company and the  Subsidiaries are engaged,  including,  but not limited
         to,  directors  and officers  insurance  coverage at least equal to the
         aggregate Subscription Amount. To the best of Company's knowledge, such
         insurance contracts and policies are accurate and complete. Neither the
         Company nor any  Subsidiary  has any reason to believe that it will not
         be able to renew  its  existing  insurance  coverage  as and when  such
         coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as
         may be  necessary  to  continue  its  business  without  a  significant
         increase in cost.

                (q)    Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set
         forth in the SEC  Reports,  none of the  officers or  directors  of the
         Company and, to the knowledge of the Company,  none of the employees of
         the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or
         any  Subsidiary  (other than for  services as  employees,  officers and
         directors),  including  any  contract,  agreement or other  arrangement
         providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental
         of real  or  personal  property  to or  from,  or  otherwise  requiring
         payments to or from any officer,  director or such  employee or, to the
         knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or
         any  such  employee  has a  substantial  interest  or  is  an  officer,
         director,  trustee or partner,  in each case in excess of $60,000 other
         than  (i) for  payment  of  salary  or  consulting  fees  for  services
         rendered,  (ii)  reimbursement  for expenses  incurred on behalf of the
         Company and (iii) for other employee  benefits,  including stock option
         agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

                (r)    Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company
         is in material compliance with all provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
         of 2002 which are  applicable to it as of the Closing Date. The Company
         and the Subsidiaries  maintain a system of internal accounting controls
         sufficient to provide  reasonable  assurance that (i)  transactions are
         executed  in   accordance   with   management's   general  or  specific
         authorizations,  (ii)  transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
         preparation  of financial  statements  in  conformity  with GAAP and to
         maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only
         in accordance with management's general or specific authorization,  and
         (iv) the  recorded  accountability  for  assets  is  compared  with the
         existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken
         with respect to any differences. The Company has established disclosure
         controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
         15d-15(e))  for the Company and designed such  disclosure  controls and
         procedures to ensure that material information relating to the Company,
         including its Subsidiaries, is made known to the certifying officers by
         others within those entities,  particularly  during the period in which
         the Company's most recently  filed  periodic  report under the Exchange
         Act, as the case may be, is being  prepared.  The Company's  certifying
         officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's controls and
         procedures as of the date prior to the filing date of the most recently
         filed   periodic   report  under  the  Exchange  Act  (such  date,  the
         "Evaluation  Date").  The Company  presented in its most recently filed
         periodic   report  under  the  Exchange  Act  the  conclusions  of  the
         certifying  officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
         and procedures  based on their  evaluations as of the Evaluation  Date.
         Since the Evaluation  Date,  there have been no significant  changes in
         the Company's internal controls (as such term is defined in Item 307(b)
         of  Regulation  S-K  under  the  Exchange  Act)  or,  to the  Company's
         knowledge,  in  other  factors  that  could  significantly  affect  the
         Company's internal controls.


                                       13
<PAGE>

                (s)    Certain Fees.  Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(s), no
         brokerage or finder's fees or commissions are or will be payable by the
         Company  to  any  broker,  financial  advisor  or  consultant,  finder,
         placement agent,  investment banker,  bank or other Person with respect
         to the  transactions  contemplated  by this  Agreement.  The Purchasers
         shall have no  obligation  with  respect to any fees or with respect to
         any  claims  made by or on behalf of other  Persons  for fees of a type
         contemplated  in this  Section that may be due in  connection  with the
         transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

                (t)    Private   Placement.   Assuming   the   accuracy  of  the
         Purchasers  representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no
         registration  under the  Securities  Act is required  for the offer and
         sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchasers as contemplated
         hereby.  The issuance  and sale of the  Securities  hereunder  does not
         contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market.

                (u)    Investment  Company.  The  Company is not,  and is not an
         Affiliate  of,  and  immediately  after  receipt  of  payment  for  the
         Securities,  will not be or be an Affiliate of, an "investment company"
         within the meaning of the  Investment  Company Act of 1940, as amended.
         The Company  shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not
         become subject to the Investment Company Act.

                (v)    Registration  Rights.  Other than each of the Purchasers,
         no Person has any right to cause the Company to effect the registration
         under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company.

                (w)    Listing  and  Maintenance  Requirements.   The  Company's
         Common Stock is  registered  pursuant to Section  12(g) of the Exchange
         Act,  and the Company has taken no action  designed to, or which to its
         knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
         of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received
         any notification that the Commission is contemplating  terminating such
         registration.  The Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date
         hereof,  received  notice from any  Trading  Market on which the Common
         Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is
         not in compliance with the listing or maintenance  requirements of such
         Trading  Market.  The Company is, and has no reason to believe  that it
         will not in the  foreseeable  future continue to be, in compliance with
         all such listing and maintenance requirements.


                                       14
<PAGE>

                (x)    Application of Takeover Protections.  The Company and its
         Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to
         render   inapplicable   any   control   share   acquisition,   business
         combination,  poison pill  (including any  distribution  under a rights
         agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Company's
         Certificate of Incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws
         of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the
         Purchasers  as a result of the  Purchasers  and the Company  fulfilling
         their  obligations  or  exercising  their rights under the  Transaction
         Documents,  including  without  limitation as a result of the Company's
         issuance  of  the  Securities  and  the  Purchasers'  ownership  of the
         Securities.

                (y)    Disclosure.  The Company confirms that neither it nor any
         other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or
         their agents or counsel with any information  that constitutes or might
         constitute material, nonpublic information. The Company understands and
         confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representations
         and covenants in effecting  transactions  in securities of the Company.
         All disclosure  provided to the Purchasers  regarding the Company,  its
         business  and  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby,  including  the
         Disclosure  Schedules to this  Agreement,  furnished by or on behalf of
         the Company with respect to the  representations  and  warranties  made
         herein are true and correct  with respect to such  representations  and
         warranties  and do not contain any untrue  statement of a material fact
         or omit to  state  any  material  fact  necessary  in order to make the
         statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they
         were made, not misleading.  The Company acknowledges and agrees that no
         Purchaser  makes or has made any  representations  or  warranties  with
         respect  to the  transactions  contemplated  hereby  other  than  those
         specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

                (z)    No  Integrated  Offering.  Assuming  the  accuracy of the
         Purchasers'  representations  and  warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
         neither the Company,  nor any of its affiliates,  nor any Person acting
         on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly,  made any offers or
         sales of any  security  or  solicited  any offers to buy any  security,
         under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities to
         be integrated  with prior  offerings by the Company for purposes of the
         Securities  Act  or any  applicable  shareholder  approval  provisions,
         including,  without limitation,  under the rules and regulations of any
         Trading Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed
         or designated.

                (aa)   Solvency. Based on the financial condition of the Company
         as of the  Closing  Date  after  giving  effect to the  receipt  by the
         Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder,  (i)
         the Company's fair saleable value of its assets exceeds the amount that
         will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Company's  existing
         debts and other liabilities (including known contingent liabilities) as
         they mature;  (ii) the Company's assets do not constitute  unreasonably
         small  capital to carry on its business for the current  fiscal year as
         now  conducted  and as proposed to be conducted  including  its capital
         needs taking into account the particular  capital  requirements  of the
         business conducted by the Company,  and projected capital  requirements
         and capital  availability  thereof;  and (iii) the current cash flow of
         the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were
         it to  liquidate  all of its  assets,  after  taking  into  account all
         anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on
         or in respect of its debt when such  amounts  are  required to be paid.
         The Company  does not intend to incur  debts  beyond its ability to pay
         such debts as they mature  (taking  into account the timing and amounts
         of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no
         knowledge of any facts or  circumstances  which lead it to believe that
         it will file for  reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or
         reorganization  laws of any  jurisdiction  within  one  year  from  the
         Closing  Date.  The SEC Reports  set forth as of the dates  thereof all
         outstanding  secured and unsecured  Indebtedness  of the Company or any
         Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments.
         For the purposes of this Agreement,  "Indebtedness"  shall mean (a) any
         liabilities  for  borrowed  money or amounts  owed in excess of $50,000
         (other than trade accounts  payable  incurred in the ordinary course of
         business),  (b)  all  guaranties,  endorsements  and  other  contingent
         obligations in respect of  Indebtedness  of others,  whether or not the
         same are or should be reflected in the Company's  balance sheet (or the
         notes  thereto),   except   guaranties  by  endorsement  of  negotiable
         instruments  for deposit or collection or similar  transactions  in the
         ordinary  course of  business;  and (c) the present  value of any lease
         payments  in  excess  of  $50,000  due  under  leases  required  to  be
         capitalized  in  accordance  with GAAP.  Neither  the  Company  nor any
         Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.


                                       15
<PAGE>

                (bb)   Tax   Status.   Except  for   matters   that  would  not,
         individually  or in the  aggregate,  have or  reasonably be expected to
         result in a Material  Adverse  Effect,  the Company and each Subsidiary
         has filed all necessary federal, state and foreign income and franchise
         tax returns and has paid or accrued all taxes shown as due thereon, and
         the  Company  has no  knowledge  of a tax  deficiency  which  has  been
         asserted or threatened against the Company or any Subsidiary.

                (cc)   No General  Solicitation.  Neither  the  Company  nor any
         person  acting on behalf of the  Company has offered or sold any of the
         Securities by any form of general  solicitation or general advertising.
         The Company has offered the  Securities for sale only to the Purchasers
         and certain other "accredited investors" within the meaning of Rule 501
         under the Securities Act.

                (dd)   Foreign Corrupt  Practices.  Neither the Company,  nor to
         the  knowledge  of the  Company,  any agent or other  person  acting on
         behalf of the Company,  has (i) directly or indirectly,  used any funds
         for unlawful  contributions,  gifts,  entertainment  or other  unlawful
         expenses related to foreign or domestic political  activity,  (ii) made
         any  unlawful  payment to foreign or domestic  government  officials or
         employees or to any foreign or domestic  political parties or campaigns
         from corporate  funds,  (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution
         made by the  Company  (or made by any  person  acting on its  behalf of
         which the  Company  is aware)  which is in  violation  of law,  or (iv)
         violated in any material  respect any provision of the Foreign  Corrupt
         Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

                (ee)   Accountants.  The Company's  accountants are set forth on
         Schedule  3.1(ee)  of  the  Disclosure   Schedule.   To  the  Company's
         knowledge, such accountants, who the Company expects will express their
         opinion with respect to the financial  statements to be included in the
         Company's  Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31,
         2004  are a  registered  public  accounting  firm  as  required  by the
         Securities Act.


                                       16
<PAGE>

                (ff)   Seniority.  As of the Closing  Date, no  indebtedness  or
         other  equity of the  Company is senior to the  Debentures  in right of
         payment,  whether  with  respect to  interest  or upon  liquidation  or
         dissolution,  or otherwise, other than indebtedness secured by purchase
         money security  interests (which is senior only as to underlying assets
         covered thereby) and capital lease obligations (which is senior only as
         to  the  property   covered   thereby).   Schedule  3.1(ff)  lists  all
         indebtedness of the Company outstanding on the date hereof.

                (gg)   No Disagreements with Accountants and Lawyers.  There are
         no  disagreements  of  any  kind  presently  existing,   or  reasonably
         anticipated  by the  Company  to arise,  between  the  accountants  and
         lawyers  formerly or presently  employed by the Company and the Company
         is  current  with  respect  to any  fees  owed to its  accountants  and
         lawyers.

                (hh)   Acknowledgment    Regarding   Purchasers'   Purchase   of
         Securities.  The  Company  acknowledges  and  agrees  that  each of the
         Purchasers  is  acting  solely  in  the  capacity  of an  arm's  length
         purchaser   with  respect  to  the   Transaction   Documents   and  the
         transactions contemplated hereby. The Company further acknowledges that
         no  Purchaser  is acting as a  financial  advisor or  fiduciary  of the
         Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to this Agreement and
         the  transactions  contemplated  hereby  and any  advice  given  by any
         Purchaser  or any of their  respective  representatives  or  agents  in
         connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby
         is merely incidental to the Purchasers' purchase of the Securities. The
         Company  further  represents  to  each  Purchaser  that  the  Company's
         decision  to enter into this  Agreement  has been  based  solely on the
         independent  evaluation of the transactions  contemplated hereby by the
         Company and its representatives.

                (ii)   Acknowledgement  Regarding  Purchasers' Trading Activity.
         Anything  in  this  Agreement  or  elsewhere  herein  to  the  contrary
         notwithstanding  (except for Section 4.16 hereof), it is understood and
         agreed by the Company (i) that none of the  Purchasers  have been asked
         to agree,  nor has any Purchaser  agreed,  to desist from purchasing or
         selling, long and/or short,  securities of the Company, or "derivative"
         securities  based on  securities  issued by the  Company or to hold the
         Securities for any specified term; (ii) that past or future open market
         or other  transactions  by any Purchaser,  including  Short Sales,  and
         specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales or "derivative"
         transactions,  before or after the  closing  of this or future  private
         placement  transactions,  may negatively impact the market price of the
         Company's  publicly-traded  securities;  (iii) that any Purchaser,  and
         counter  parties  in  "derivative"   transactions  to  which  any  such
         Purchaser  is a party,  directly or  indirectly,  presently  may have a
         "short"  position  in the Common  Stock,  and (iv) that each  Purchaser
         shall not be deemed to have any  affiliation  with or control  over any
         arm's length counter-party in any "derivative" transaction.


                                       17
<PAGE>


         3.2    Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser
hereby, for itself and for no other Purchaser, represents and warrants as of the
date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows:

                (a)   Organization;  Authority. Such Purchaser is an entity duly
         organized,  validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
         jurisdiction  of  its  organization  with  full  right,   corporate  or
         partnership  power and  authority to enter into and to  consummate  the
         transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise to
         carry out its  obligations  thereunder.  The  execution,  delivery  and
         performance by such Purchaser of the transactions  contemplated by this
         Agreement  have been duly  authorized  by all  necessary  corporate  or
         similar action on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document
         to which it is a party has been duly  executed by such  Purchaser,  and
         when delivered by such  Purchaser in accordance  with the terms hereof,
         will  constitute  the  valid and  legally  binding  obligation  of such
         Purchaser,  enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except
         (i)  as  limited  by  general   equitable   principles  and  applicable
         bankruptcy,  insolvency,  reorganization,  moratorium and other laws of
         general   application   affecting   enforcement  of  creditors'  rights
         generally,  (ii) as limited by laws  relating  to the  availability  of
         specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and
         (iii) insofar as  indemnification  and  contribution  provisions may be
         limited by applicable law.

                (b)   Own  Account.   Such   Purchaser   understands   that  the
         Securities are  "restricted  securities"  and have not been  registered
         under the Securities Act or any applicable  state securities law and is
         acquiring the  Securities as principal for its own account and not with
         a view to or for  distributing or reselling such Securities or any part
         thereof in  violation of the  Securities  Act or any  applicable  state
         securities law, has no present  intention of  distributing  any of such
         Securities in violation of the Securities  Act or any applicable  state
         securities law and has no arrangement or  understanding  with any other
         persons   regarding  the   distribution   of  such   Securities   (this
         representation and warranty not limiting such Purchaser's right to sell
         the Securities  pursuant to the Registration  Statement or otherwise in
         compliance  with  applicable  federal  and  state  securities  laws) in
         violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law.
         Such  Purchaser is acquiring the  Securities  hereunder in the ordinary
         course of its business.  Such  Purchaser does not have any agreement or
         understanding,  directly or  indirectly,  with any Person to distribute
         any of the Securities.

                (c)   Purchaser  Status.  At the time such Purchaser was offered
         the Securities,  it was, and at the date hereof it is, and on each date
         on which it exercises  any Warrants or converts any  Debentures it will
         be either:  (i) an "accredited  investor" as defined in Rule 501(a)(1),
         (a)(2),  (a)(3),  (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the  Securities  Act or (ii) a
         "qualified  institutional  buyer" as defined in Rule 144A(a)  under the
         Securities  Act.  Such  Purchaser is not required to be registered as a
         broker-dealer under Section 15 of the Exchange Act.


                                       18
<PAGE>

                (d)   Experience of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone
         or   together   with   its   representatives,   has   such   knowledge,
         sophistication  and experience in business and financial  matters so as
         to be capable  of  evaluating  the merits and risks of the  prospective
         investment in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks
         of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of
         an  investment in the  Securities  and, at the present time, is able to
         afford a complete loss of such investment.

                (e)   General Solicitation. Such Purchaser is not purchasing the
         Securities as a result of any advertisement,  article,  notice or other
         communication  regarding  the  Securities  published in any  newspaper,
         magazine or similar  media or  broadcast  over  television  or radio or
         presented at any seminar or any other general  solicitation  or general
         advertisement.

                (f)   Short   Sales   and   Confidentiality.   Other   than  the
         transaction contemplated hereunder,  such Purchaser has not directly or
         indirectly,  nor has any Person  acting on behalf of or pursuant to any
         understanding with such Purchaser, executed any disposition,  including
         Short Sales (but not  including  the  location  and/or  reservation  of
         borrowable  shares of Common  Stock),  in the securities of the Company
         during the period  commencing  from the time that such Purchaser  first
         received  a term sheet from the  Company  or any other  Person  setting
         forth the material  terms of the  transactions  contemplated  hereunder
         until  the  date  hereof  ("Discussion   Time").   Notwithstanding  the
         foregoing,  in  the  case  of  a  Purchaser  that  is  a  multi-managed
         investment  vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate
         portions of such Purchaser's  assets and the portfolio managers have no
         direct  knowledge of the  investment  decisions  made by the  portfolio
         managers  managing  other  portions  of such  Purchaser's  assets,  the
         representation  set forth  above  shall only apply with  respect to the
         portion  of  assets  managed  by the  portfolio  manager  that made the
         investment   decision  to  purchase  the  Securities  covered  by  this
         Agreement.  Other than to other Persons party to this  Agreement,  such
         Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to
         it in connection  with this  transaction  (including  the existence and
         terms of this transaction).

                The Company acknowledges and agrees that each Purchaser does not
         make or has not made any  representations or warranties with respect to
         the transactions  contemplated hereby other than those specifically set
         forth in this Section 3.2.

                                  ARTICLE IV.
                         OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

         4.1    Transfer Restrictions.

                (a)    The Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with
         state and federal  securities  laws. In connection with any transfer of
         Securities other than pursuant to an effective  registration  statement
         or Rule 144, to the  Company or to an  affiliate  of a Purchaser  or in
         connection with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company
         may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion
         of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably  acceptable to the
         Company,  the form and  substance of which  opinion shall be reasonably
         satisfactory to the Company,  to the effect that such transfer does not
         require   registration  of  such   transferred   Securities  under  the
         Securities  Act or the  securities  laws of any  state  (including  the
         District of Columbia).  As a condition of transfer, any such transferee
         shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this  Agreement  and
         shall  have the rights of a  Purchaser  under  this  Agreement  and the
         Registration Rights Agreement.


                                       19
<PAGE>

                (b)    The  Purchasers  agree to the  imprinting,  so long as is
         required by this Section  4.1(b),  of a legend on any of the Securities
         in the following form:

         [NEITHER]  THESE  SECURITIES  [NOR  THE  SECURITIES  INTO  WHICH  THESE
         SECURITIES ARE [EXERCISABLE]  [CONVERTIBLE]] HAVE [NOT] BEEN REGISTERED
         WITH  THE  SECURITIES   AND  EXCHANGE   COMMISSION  OR  THE  SECURITIES
         COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION
         UNDER THE  SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE  "SECURITIES  ACT"),
         AND,  ACCORDINGLY,  MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD  EXCEPT  PURSUANT  TO AN
         EFFECTIVE  REGISTRATION  STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT
         TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE
         REGISTRATION  REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH
         APPLICABLE  STATE  SECURITIES  LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL  OPINION OF
         COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT,  THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL
         BE  REASONABLY  ACCEPTABLE  TO THE COMPANY.  THESE  SECURITIES  AND THE
         SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OR CONVERSION OF THESE SECURITIES MAY
         BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION  WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN
         SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

                The Company  acknowledges  and agrees that a Purchaser  may from
         time to time pledge  pursuant to a bona fide  margin  agreement  with a
         registered broker-dealer or grant a security interest in some or all of
         the  Securities  to a  financial  institution  that  is an  "accredited
         investor"  as defined in Rule 501(a) under the  Securities  Act and who
         agrees  to be  bound  by the  provisions  of  this  Agreement  and  the
         Registration  Rights Agreement and, if required under the terms of such
         arrangement,  such Purchaser may transfer pledged or secured Securities
         to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not
         be subject to approval  of the  Company  and no legal  opinion of legal
         counsel of the pledgee,  secured  party or pledgor shall be required in
         connection  therewith.  Further,  no notice  shall be  required of such
         pledge.  At the  appropriate  Purchaser's  expense,  the  Company  will
         execute  and  deliver  such  reasonable  documentation  as a pledgee or
         secured party of Securities may reasonably request in connection with a
         pledge or transfer of the Securities,  including, if the Securities are
         subject to registration  pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement,
         the preparation and filing of any required prospectus  supplement under
         Rule 424(b)(3) under the Securities Act or other  applicable  provision
         of the  Securities  Act to  appropriately  amend  the  list of  Selling
         Stockholders thereunder.


                                       20
<PAGE>

                (c)    Certificates  evidencing the Underlying  Shares shall not
         contain any legend  (including  the legend set forth in Section  4.1(b)
         hereof): (i) while a registration statement (including the Registration
         Statement)  covering the resale of such security is effective under the
         Securities  Act, or (ii) following any sale of such  Underlying  Shares
         pursuant to Rule 144, or (iii) if such  Underlying  Shares are eligible
         for sale  under Rule  144(k),  or (iv) if such  legend is not  required
         under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial
         interpretations   and  pronouncements   issued  by  the  staff  of  the
         Commission).  The  Company  shall  cause its  counsel  to issue a legal
         opinion to the Company's  transfer  agent  promptly after the Effective
         Date if required by the Company's  transfer agent to effect the removal
         of the  legend  hereunder.  If all or any  portion  of a  Debenture  or
         Warrant is converted or exercised (as  applicable) at a time when there
         is an  effective  registration  statement  to cover  the  resale of the
         Underlying  Shares, or if such Underlying Shares may be sold under Rule
         144(k) or if such legend is not  otherwise  required  under  applicable
         requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial  interpretations
         thereof)  then  such  Underlying  Shares  shall be  issued  free of all
         legends.  The Company  agrees that  following the Effective  Date or at
         such time as such  legend  is no longer  required  under  this  Section
         4.1(c),  it will,  no later  than  three  Trading  Days  following  the
         delivery by a Purchaser to the Company or the Company's  transfer agent
         of a certificate representing Underlying Shares, as applicable,  issued
         with a restrictive  legend (such third Trading Day, the "Legend Removal
         Date"),   deliver  or  cause  to  be  delivered  to  such  Purchaser  a
         certificate  representing such shares that is free from all restrictive
         and other legends. The Company may not make any notation on its records
         or give  instructions to any transfer agent of the Company that enlarge
         the  restrictions  on transfer set forth in this Section.  Certificates
         for Securities subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted
         by the transfer agent of the Company to the Purchasers by crediting the
         account of the  Purchaser's  prime  broker  with the  Depository  Trust
         Company System.

                (d)    In addition to such Purchaser's other available remedies,
         the Company shall pay to a Purchaser,  in cash,  as partial  liquidated
         damages  and not as a penalty,  for each  $1,000 of  Underlying  Shares
         (based  on the  Closing  Price of the  Common  Stock  on the date  such
         Securities are submitted to the Company's transfer agent) delivered for
         removal of the restrictive  legend and subject to Section  4.1(c),  $10
         per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day 5 Trading Days after
         such  damages  have begun to  accrue)  for each  Trading  Day after the
         Legend  Removal  Date until such  certificate  is  delivered  without a
         legend.  Nothing  herein shall limit such  Purchaser's  right to pursue
         actual  damages  for the  Company's  failure  to  deliver  certificates
         representing  any Securities as required by the Transaction  Documents,
         and  such  Purchaser  shall  have  the  right to  pursue  all  remedies
         available to it at law or in equity including,  without  limitation,  a
         decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief.

                (e)    Each Purchaser,  severally and not jointly with the other
         Purchasers,  agrees  that the  removal of the  restrictive  legend from
         certificates  representing  Securities as set forth in this Section 4.1
         is predicated upon the Company's  reliance that the Purchaser will sell
         any Securities pursuant to either the registration  requirements of the
         Securities   Act,   including  any   applicable   prospectus   delivery
         requirements, or an exemption therefrom.


                                       21
<PAGE>

                (f)    Until the one year anniversary of the Effective Date, the
         Company shall not  undertake a reverse stock split or  reclassification
         of the Common Stock without the prior written consent of the Purchasers
         holding a majority in Principal Amount outstanding of the Debentures.

         4.2    Acknowledgment  of Dilution.  The Company  acknowledges that the
issuance of the Securities may result in dilution of the  outstanding  shares of
Common Stock, which dilution may be substantial under certain market conditions.
The Company  further  acknowledges  that its  obligations  under the Transaction
Documents,  including without  limitation its obligation to issue the Underlying
Shares pursuant to the Transaction Documents, are unconditional and absolute and
not  subject  to any  right  of  set  off,  counterclaim,  delay  or  reduction,
regardless  of the effect of any such dilution or any claim the Company may have
against any Purchaser and  regardless of the dilutive  effect that such issuance
may have on the ownership of the other stockholders of the Company.

         4.3    Furnishing  of  Information.  As  long  as  any  Purchaser  owns
Securities,  the  Company  covenants  to timely  file (or obtain  extensions  in
respect  thereof  and file  within the  applicable  grace  period)  all  reports
required  to be filed by the  Company  after  the date  hereof  pursuant  to the
Exchange Act. As long as any Purchaser  owns  Securities,  if the Company is not
required to file  reports  pursuant  to the  Exchange  Act, it will  prepare and
furnish to the  Purchasers and make publicly  available in accordance  with Rule
144(c) such information as is required for the Purchasers to sell the Securities
under Rule 144.  The Company  further  covenants  that it will take such further
action as any holder of Securities  may  reasonably  request,  all to the extent
required from time to time to enable such Person to sell such Securities without
registration  under the  Securities  Act within the limitation of the exemptions
provided by Rule 144.

         4.4    Integration.  The  Company  shall  not  sell,  offer for sale or
solicit  offers to buy or  otherwise  negotiate  in respect of any  security (as
defined in Section 2 of the  Securities  Act) that would be integrated  with the
offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would require the  registration
under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities to the Purchasers or that
would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the
rules and regulations of any Trading Market.

         4.5    Conversion  and  Exercise  Procedures.  The  form of  Notice  of
Exercise included in the Warrants and the form of Notice of Conversion  included
in the  Debentures  set forth the  totality  of the  procedures  required of the
Purchasers  in order to exercise  the  Warrants or convert  the  Debentures.  No
additional legal opinion or other information or instructions  shall be required
of the Purchasers to exercise their  Warrants or convert their  Debentures.  The
Company shall honor  exercises of the Warrants and conversions of the Debentures
and shall deliver Underlying Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions and
time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.


                                       22
<PAGE>

         4.6    Securities  Laws  Disclosure;  Publicity.  The Company shall, by
8:30 a.m.  Eastern time on the Trading Day  following  the date hereof,  issue a
Current Report on Form 8-K, reasonably  acceptable to each Purchaser  disclosing
the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and shall attach the
Transaction Documents thereto. The Company and each Purchaser shall consult with
each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the  transactions
contemplated  hereby,  and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any
such press release or otherwise make any such public statement without the prior
consent of the Company,  with respect to any press release of any Purchaser,  or
without the prior consent of each  Purchaser,  with respect to any press release
of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, except if such
disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly
provide  the  other  party  with  prior  notice  of  such  public  statement  or
communication.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  the Company shall not publicly
disclose the name of any Purchaser,  or include the name of any Purchaser in any
filing with the Commission or any regulatory  agency or Trading Market,  without
the prior written consent of such  Purchaser,  except (i) as required by federal
securities law in connection with the registration statement contemplated by the
Registration Rights Agreement and (ii) to the extent such disclosure is required
by law or Trading  Market  regulations,  in which case the Company shall provide
the Purchasers  with prior notice of such  disclosure  permitted under subclause
(i) or (ii).

         4.7    Shareholder  Rights  Plan.  No claim will be made or enforced by
the Company  or, to the  knowledge  of the  Company,  any other  Person that any
Purchaser is an "Acquiring  Person" under any shareholder rights plan or similar
plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter  adopted by the Company,  or that any
Purchaser  could be  deemed  to  trigger  the  provisions  of any  such  plan or
arrangement,  by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction  Documents
or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers. The Company
shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become subject to the
Investment Company Act.

         4.8    Non-Public  Information.  The Company  covenants and agrees that
neither it nor any other authorized Person acting on its behalf will provide any
Purchaser  or its  agents  or  counsel  with any  information  that the  Company
believes constitutes material non-public information,  unless prior thereto such
Purchaser shall have executed a written agreement  regarding the confidentiality
and use of such  information.  The Company  understands  and confirms  that each
Purchaser  shall  be  relying  on the  foregoing  representations  in  effecting
transactions in securities of the Company.

         4.9    Use of  Proceeds.  Except as set forth on Schedule  4.9 attached
hereto,  the Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the  Securities
hereunder  for working  capital  purposes  and not for the  satisfaction  of any
portion of the  Company's  debt  (other  than  payment of trade  payables in the
ordinary course of the Company's  business and prior  practices),  to redeem any
Common  Stock  or  Common  Stock   Equivalents  or  to  settle  any  outstanding
litigation.


                                       23
<PAGE>

         4.10   Reimbursement. If any Purchaser becomes involved in any capacity
in any  Proceeding by or against any Person who is a stockholder  of the Company
(except as a result of sales, pledges,  margin sales and similar transactions by
such Purchaser to or with any current  stockholder),  solely as a result of such
Purchaser's acquisition of the Securities under this Agreement, the Company will
reimburse such Purchaser for its reasonable legal and other expenses  (including
the cost of any  investigation  preparation and travel in connection  therewith)
incurred  in  connection   therewith,   as  such  expenses  are  incurred.   The
reimbursement  obligations  of the  Company  under  this  paragraph  shall be in
addition to any  liability  which the Company may otherwise  have,  shall extend
upon the same terms and  conditions to any  Affiliates of the Purchasers who are
actually  named in such  action,  proceeding  or  investigation,  and  partners,
directors,  agents,  employees and controlling persons (if any), as the case may
be, of the  Purchasers  and any such  Affiliate,  and shall be binding  upon and
inure  to  the  benefit  of  any   successors,   assigns,   heirs  and  personal
representatives  of the Company,  the  Purchasers and any such Affiliate and any
such Person.  The Company also agrees that neither the  Purchasers  nor any such
Affiliates,  partners, directors, agents, employees or controlling persons shall
have any liability to the Company or any Person asserting claims on behalf of or
in right of the Company  solely as a result of acquiring  the  Securities  under
this Agreement.

         4.11   Indemnification of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this
Section  4.11,  the Company will  indemnify  and hold the  Purchasers  and their
directors,  officers,  shareholders,  partners,  employees and agents  (each,  a
"Purchaser Party") harmless from any and all losses,  liabilities,  obligations,
claims,  contingencies,  damages,  costs and expenses,  including all judgments,
amounts paid in  settlements,  court costs and  reasonable  attorneys'  fees and
costs of  investigation  that any such Purchaser  Party may suffer or incur as a
result  of or  relating  to (a)  any  breach  of  any  of  the  representations,
warranties,  covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in
the  other  Transaction  Documents  or  (b)  any  action  instituted  against  a
Purchaser, or any of them or their respective Affiliates,  by any stockholder of
the Company who is not an  Affiliate of such  Purchaser,  with respect to any of
the transactions  contemplated by the Transaction  Documents (unless such action
is  based  upon a  breach  of such  Purchaser's  representation,  warranties  or
covenants  under the Transaction  Documents or any agreements or  understandings
such  Purchaser  may have with any such  stockholder  or any  violations  by the
Purchaser of state or federal  securities  laws or any conduct by such Purchaser
which constitutes fraud,  gross negligence,  willful misconduct or malfeasance).
If any action shall be brought  against any Purchaser  Party in respect of which
indemnity may be sought pursuant to this  Agreement,  such Purchaser Party shall
promptly notify the Company in writing,  and the Company shall have the right to
assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing. Any Purchaser Party
shall  have  the  right to  employ  separate  counsel  in any  such  action  and
participate  in the defense  thereof,  but the fees and expenses of such counsel
shall be at the expense of such  Purchaser  Party  except to the extent that (i)
the  employment  thereof  has been  specifically  authorized  by the  Company in
writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume
such  defense  and to employ  counsel or (iii) in such  action  there is, in the
reasonable opinion of such separate counsel, a material conflict on any material
issue  between the  position of the Company and the  position of such  Purchaser
Party.  The  Company  will not be  liable  to any  Purchaser  Party  under  this
Agreement  (i) for any  settlement  by a Purchaser  Party  effected  without the
Company's prior written  consent,  which shall not be  unreasonably  withheld or
delayed;  or (ii) to the  extent,  but only to the  extent  that a loss,  claim,
damage or liability is  attributable  to any Purchaser  Party's breach of any of
the representations,  warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Purchasers
in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents.


                                       24
<PAGE>

         4.12   Reservation and Listing of Securities.

                (a)    The  Company  shall  maintain  a  reserve  from  its duly
         authorized  shares  of  Common  Stock  for  issuance  pursuant  to  the
         Transaction  Documents in such amount as may be required to fulfill its
         obligations in full under the Transaction Documents.

                (b)    If, on any date,  the number of  authorized  but unissued
         (and  otherwise  unreserved)  shares of  Common  Stock is less than the
         Required  Minimum  on such  date,  then the Board of  Directors  of the
         Company  shall  use  commercially   reasonable  efforts  to  amend  the
         Company's  certificate  or articles of  incorporation  to increase  the
         number of  authorized  but unissued  shares of Common Stock to at least
         the Required Minimum at such time, as soon as possible and in any event
         not later than the 75th day after such date.

                (c)    The Company  shall,  if  applicable:  (i) in the time and
         manner  required  by the  Trading  Market,  prepare  and file with such
         Trading  Market an additional  shares  listing  application  covering a
         number of shares of Common Stock at least equal to the Required Minimum
         on the date of such application, (ii) take all steps necessary to cause
         such shares of Common  Stock to be approved  for listing on the Trading
         Market as soon as possible thereafter,  (iii) provide to the Purchasers
         evidence of such listing,  and (iv) maintain the listing of such Common
         Stock on any date at least equal to the  Required  Minimum on such date
         on such Trading Market or another Trading Market.

         4.13   Participation in Future Financing.

                (a)    From the date hereof  until the date that is the 12 month
         anniversary of the Effective Date, upon any financing by the Company or
         any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock  Equivalents (a
         "Subsequent  Financing"),  each  Purchaser  shall  have  the  right  to
         participate in an amount equal to 100% of the Subsequent Financing (the
         "Participation Maximum").

                (b)    At  least 5  Trading  Days  prior to the  closing  of the
         Subsequent  Financing,  the Company shall  deliver to each  Purchaser a
         written  notice  of its  intention  to  effect a  Subsequent  Financing
         ("Pre-Notice"),  which  Pre-Notice shall ask such Purchaser if it wants
         to review the details of such  financing  (such  additional  notice,  a
         "Subsequent  Financing Notice").  Upon the request of a Purchaser,  and
         only upon a  request  by such  Purchaser,  for a  Subsequent  Financing
         Notice,  the Company  shall  promptly,  but no later than 1 Trading Day
         after  such  request,  deliver a  Subsequent  Financing  Notice to such
         Purchaser. The Subsequent Financing Notice shall describe in reasonable
         detail the proposed terms of such Subsequent  Financing,  the amount of
         proceeds  intended to be raised  thereunder,  the Person with whom such
         Subsequent Financing is proposed to be effected,  and attached to which
         shall be a term sheet or similar document relating thereto.

                (c)    Any Purchaser  desiring to participate in such Subsequent
         Financing must provide  written notice to the Company by not later than
         5:30 p.m.  (New York City time) on the 5th Trading Day after all of the
         Purchasers  have received the Pre-Notice  that the Purchaser is willing
         to  participate  in  the  Subsequent  Financing,   the  amount  of  the
         Purchaser's participation, and that the Purchaser has such funds ready,
         willing,  and  available  for  investment on the terms set forth in the
         Subsequent  Financing  Notice. If the Company receives no notice from a
         Purchaser as of such 5th Trading Day, such Purchaser shall be deemed to
         have notified the Company that it does not elect to participate.


                                       25
<PAGE>

                (d)    If by 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth Trading
         Day  after  all  of  the  Purchasers   have  received  the  Pre-Notice,
         notifications by the Purchasers of their  willingness to participate in
         the Subsequent  Financing (or to cause their  designees to participate)
         is, in the  aggregate,  less than the  total  amount of the  Subsequent
         Financing,  then such  Purchasers may not participate in the Subsequent
         Financing.

                (e)    If by 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth Trading
         Day after all of the  Purchasers  have  received  the  Pre-Notice,  the
         Company  receives  responses  to a  Subsequent  Financing  Notice  from
         Purchasers  seeking to purchase more than the  aggregate  amount of the
         Participation  Maximum,  each such  Purchaser  shall  have the right to
         purchase the greater of (a) their Pro Rata  Portion (as defined  below)
         of the  Participation  Maximum  and  (b)  the  difference  between  the
         Participation  Maximum and the aggregate amount of participation by all
         other  Purchasers.   "Pro  Rata  Portion"  is  the  ratio  of  (x)  the
         Subscription  Amount of  Securities  purchased on the Closing Date by a
         Purchaser  participating under this Section 4.13 and (y) the sum of the
         aggregate  Subscription  Amounts of Securities purchased on the Closing
         Date by all Purchasers participating under this Section 4.13.

                (f)    The Company  must  provide the  Purchasers  with a second
         Subsequent  Financing  Notice,  and the Purchasers  will again have the
         right of  participation  set forth above in this Section  4.13,  if the
         Subsequent Financing subject to the initial Subsequent Financing Notice
         is not  consummated  for any  reason  on the  terms  set  forth in such
         Subsequent  Financing  Notice  within 60 Trading Days after the date of
         the initial Subsequent Financing Notice.

                (g)    Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  this Section 4.13 shall
         not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance.

         4.14   Subsequent Equity Sales.

                (a)    From the date  hereof  until 90 days after the  Effective
         Date,  neither  the Company nor any  Subsidiary  shall issue  shares of
         Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents; provided, however, the 90 day
         period set forth in this  Section 4.14 shall be extended for the number
         of Trading  Days  during such period in which (i) trading in the Common
         Stock  is  suspended  by any  Trading  Market,  or (ii)  following  the
         Effective  Date,  the  Registration  Statement is not  effective or the
         prospectus  included in the  Registration  Statement may not be used by
         the Purchasers for the resale of the Underlying Shares.


                                       26
<PAGE>

                (b)    From the date  hereof  until  such  time as no  Purchaser
         holds any of the  Debentures,  the  Company  shall be  prohibited  from
         effecting  or  entering  into an  agreement  to effect  any  Subsequent
         Financing  involving a "Variable Rate Transaction".  The term "Variable
         Rate Transaction"  shall mean a transaction in which the Company issues
         or sells (i) any debt or equity  securities that are convertible  into,
         exchangeable  or  exercisable  for,  or  include  the right to  receive
         additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion,  exercise
         or exchange  rate or other price that is based upon and/or  varies with
         the trading  prices of or quotations  for the shares of Common Stock at
         any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity  securities,
         or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to
         being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt
         or equity  security or upon the  occurrence  of specified or contingent
         events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or
         the market  for the Common  Stock or (ii)  enters  into any  agreement,
         including,  but not limited  to, an equity line of credit,  whereby the
         Company may sell securities at a future determined price.

                (c)    Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  this Section 4.14 shall
         not apply in respect of an Exempt  Issuance,  except  that no  Variable
         Rate Transaction shall be an Exempt Issuance.

         4.15   Equal Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration shall be offered
or paid to any  person to amend or consent  to a waiver or  modification  of any
provision of any of the Transaction  Documents unless the same  consideration is
also offered to all of the parties to the Transaction  Documents.  Further,  the
Company  shall not make any payment of  principal on the  Debentures  in amounts
which are  disproportionate  to the respective  Principal Amounts outstanding on
the  Debentures  at  any  applicable  time.  For  clarification  purposes,  this
provision  constitutes a separate right granted to each Purchaser by the Company
and negotiated  separately by each  Purchaser,  and is intended to treat for the
Company the  Debenture  holders as a class and shall not in any way be construed
as the Purchasers  acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase,
disposition or voting of Securities or otherwise.

         4.16   Short Sales and  Confidentiality.  Each Purchaser  severally and
not  jointly  with  the  other  Purchasers  covenants  that  neither  it nor any
affiliates  acting on its behalf or pursuant to any  understanding  with it will
execute any Short Sales during the period after the  Discussion  Time and ending
at the time  that the  transactions  contemplated  by this  Agreement  are first
publicly  announced as described in Section 4.6. Each  Purchaser,  severally and
not jointly  with the other  Purchasers,  covenants  that until such time as the
transactions  contemplated  by this  Agreement  are  publicly  disclosed  by the
Company  as  described  in  Section  4.6,  such  Purchaser  will  maintain,  the
confidentiality   of  all  disclosures  made  to  it  in  connection  with  this
transaction  (including  the  existence  and  terms of this  transaction).  Each
Purchaser understands and acknowledges, severally and not jointly with any other
Purchaser,  that the  Commission  currently  takes the position that coverage of
short  sales of  shares  of the  Common  Stock  "against  the box"  prior to the
Effective Date of the Registration  Statement with the Securities is a violation
of Section 5 of the  Securities  Act,  as set forth in Item 65,  Section 5 under
Section A, of the Manual of Publicly Available Telephone Interpretations,  dated
July 1997,  compiled by the Office of Chief  Counsel,  Division  of  Corporation
Finance.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,  no Purchaser makes any representation,
warranty  or  covenant  hereby  that it will not  engage  in Short  Sales in the
securities of the Company after the time that the  transactions  contemplated by
this  Agreement  are first  publicly  announced  as  described  in Section  4.6.
Notwithstanding   the  foregoing,   in  the  case  of  a  Purchaser  that  is  a
multi-managed  investment  vehicle whereby  separate  portfolio  managers manage
separate portions of such Purchaser's  assets and the portfolio managers have no
direct  knowledge of the  investment  decisions  made by the portfolio  managers
managing other portions of such Purchaser's assets, the covenant set forth above
shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets  managed by the portfolio
manager that made the investment  decision to purchase the Securities covered by
this Agreement.


                                       27
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE V.
                                  MISCELLANEOUS

         5.1    Termination.  This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser,
as to such  Purchaser's  obligations  hereunder  only  and  without  any  effect
whatsoever on the obligations  between the Company and the other Purchasers,  by
written notice to the other parties,  if the Closing has not been consummated on
or before April 30, 2005;  provided,  however,  that no such  termination   will
affect  the  right of any party to sue for any  breach  by the  other  party (or
parties).

         5.2    Fees  and  Expenses.  Except  as  expressly  set  forth  in  the
Transaction  Documents  to the  contrary,  each  party  shall  pay the  fees and
expenses of its advisers,  counsel,  accountants and other experts,  if any, and
all  other  expenses  incurred  by  such  party  incident  to  the  negotiation,
preparation,  execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company
shall pay all transfer agent fees, stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied
in connection with the delivery of any Securities.

         5.3    Entire Agreement.  The Transaction Documents,  together with the
exhibits and schedules thereto,  contain the entire understanding of the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements and
understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties
acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

         5.4    Notices.   Any  and  all  notices  or  other  communications  or
deliveries  required or permitted to be provided  hereunder  shall be in writing
and  shall be deemed  given and  effective  on the  earliest  of (a) the date of
transmission,  if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the
facsimile  number set forth on the signature pages attached hereto prior to 5:30
p.m.  (New York City time) on a Trading  Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the
date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile
at the facsimile  number set forth on the signature  pages attached  hereto on a
day that is not a Trading  Day or later  than 5:30 p.m.  (New York City time) on
any Trading Day, (c) the second  Trading Day following  the date of mailing,  if
sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (d) upon actual
receipt by the party to whom such notice is  required  to be given.  The address
for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages
attached hereto.

         5.5    Amendments;  Waivers.  No  provision  of this  Agreement  may be
waived  or  amended  except in a written  instrument  signed,  in the case of an
amendment, by the Company and each Purchaser or, in the case of a waiver, by the
party against whom  enforcement  of any such waiver is sought.  No waiver of any
default  with  respect  to any  provision,  condition  or  requirement  of  this
Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of
any  subsequent  default  or a  waiver  of any  other  provision,  condition  or
requirement  hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of either party to exercise
any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.


                                       28
<PAGE>

         5.6    Headings The headings  herein are for  convenience  only, do not
constitute a part of this  Agreement  and shall not be deemed to limit or affect
any of the provisions hereof. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed
to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent,  and no
rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

         5.7    Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted  assigns.
The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder
without the prior written  consent of each  Purchaser.  Any Purchaser may assign
any or all of its  rights  under  this  Agreement  to any  Person  to whom  such
Purchaser  assigns or transfers any Securities,  provided such transferee agrees
in  writing to be bound,  with  respect to the  transferred  Securities,  by the
provisions hereof that apply to the "Purchasers".

         5.8    No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the
benefit of the parties  hereto and their  respective  successors  and  permitted
assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision  hereof be enforced
by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.11.

         5.9    Governing  Law.  All  questions   concerning  the  construction,
validity,  enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction  Documents shall be
governed by and construed  and enforced in accordance  with the internal laws of
the State of New York,  without  regard to the  principles  of  conflicts of law
thereof.   Each  party  agrees  that  all  legal   proceedings   concerning  the
interpretations,  enforcement  and defense of the  transactions  contemplated by
this Agreement and any other  Transaction  Documents  (whether brought against a
party hereto or its respective affiliates,  directors,  officers,  shareholders,
employees  or agents)  shall be commenced  exclusively  in the state and federal
courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to
the exclusive  jurisdiction  of the state and federal courts sitting in the City
of New York,  borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder
or in  connection  herewith  or with  any  transaction  contemplated  hereby  or
discussed  herein  (including  with  respect  to the  enforcement  of any of the
Transaction Documents),  and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert
in any suit, action or proceeding,  any claim that it is not personally  subject
to the jurisdiction of any such court,  that such suit,  action or proceeding is
improper  or  inconvenient   venue  for  such  proceeding.   Each  party  hereby
irrevocably  waives  personal  service of process and consents to process  being
served in any such suit,  action or  proceeding  by mailing a copy  thereof  via
registered mail or overnight  delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party
at the address in effect for notices to it under this  Agreement and agrees that
such service shall constitute good and sufficient  service of process and notice
thereof.  Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right
to serve  process in any manner  permitted by law. The parties  hereby waive all
rights  to a trial  by jury.  If  either  party  shall  commence  an  action  or
proceeding to enforce any  provisions  of the  Transaction  Documents,  then the
prevailing  party in such action or proceeding  shall be reimbursed by the other
party for its  attorneys'  fees and other costs and expenses  incurred  with the
investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.


                                       29
<PAGE>

         5.10   Survival.  The representations  and warranties  contained herein
shall survive the Closing and the delivery,  exercise  and/or  conversion of the
Securities, as applicable, for the applicable statue of limitations period.

         5.11   Execution.  This  Agreement  may be  executed  in  two  or  more
counterparts,  all of which when taken  together shall be considered one and the
same agreement and shall become effective when  counterparts have been signed by
each party and  delivered  to the other  party,  it being  understood  that both
parties need not sign the same  counterpart.  In the event that any signature is
delivered by facsimile  transmission,  such  signature  shall create a valid and
binding  obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is
executed)  with the same force and effect as if such  facsimile  signature  page
were an original thereof.

         5.12   Severability.  If any provision of this  Agreement is held to be
invalid or unenforceable in any respect,  the validity and enforceability of the
remaining  terms  and  provisions  of  this  Agreement  shall  not in any way be
affected or impaired  thereby and the parties will attempt to agree upon a valid
and enforceable provision that is a reasonable substitute therefor,  and upon so
agreeing, shall incorporate such substitute provision in this Agreement.

         5.13   Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary  contained in (and  without  limiting  any similar  provisions  of) the
Transaction  Documents,  whenever  any  Purchaser  exercises a right,  election,
demand or option under a  Transaction  Documents and the Company does not timely
perform its related  obligations within the periods therein provided,  then such
Purchaser may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon
written notice to the Company, any relevant notice,  demand or election in whole
or in part  without  prejudice  to its  future  actions  and  rights;  provided,
however,  in the case of a rescission of a conversion of a Debenture or exercise
of a Warrant,  the  Purchaser  shall be  required to return any shares of Common
Stock subject to any such rescinded conversion or exercise notice.

         5.14   Replacement  of  Securities.  If any  certificate  or instrument
evidencing any Securities is mutilated,  lost, stolen or destroyed,  the Company
shall  issue or cause to be issued in  exchange  and  substitution  for and upon
cancellation thereof, or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate
or instrument,  but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the
Company  of such  loss,  theft  or  destruction  and  customary  and  reasonable
indemnity,  if requested.  The  applicants  for a new  certificate or instrument
under  such  circumstances  shall  also  pay any  reasonable  third-party  costs
associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

         5.15   Remedies.  In addition to being  entitled to exercise all rights
provided herein or granted by law,  including  recovery of damages,  each of the
Purchasers  and the Company will be entitled to specific  performance  under the
Transaction  Documents.  The  parties  agree that  monetary  damages  may not be
adequate  compensation  for  any  loss  incurred  by  reason  of any  breach  of
obligations  described in the  foregoing  sentence and hereby agrees to waive in
any action for specific  performance  of any such  obligation the defense that a
remedy at law would be adequate.


                                       30
<PAGE>

         5.16   Payment  Set  Aside.  To the  extent  that the  Company  makes a
payment or payments to any Purchaser  pursuant to any Transaction  Document or a
Purchaser  enforces or  exercises  its rights  thereunder,  and such  payment or
payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are
subsequently invalidated,  declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside,
recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise
restored to the Company,  a trustee,  receiver or any other person under any law
(including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common
law or equitable  cause of action),  then to the extent of any such  restoration
the  obligation  or part thereof  originally  intended to be satisfied  shall be
revived and  continued  in full force and effect as if such payment had not been
made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

         5.17   Usury.  To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company  hereby
agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner  whatsoever  claim, and will
resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage  of,
usury  laws  wherever  enacted,  now or at  any  time  hereafter  in  force,  in
connection  with any  claim,  action or  proceeding  that may be  brought by any
Purchaser  in  order to  enforce  any  right or  remedy  under  any  Transaction
Document.  Notwithstanding  any  provision  to  the  contrary  contained  in any
Transaction  Document,  it is  expressly  agreed  and  provided  that the  total
liability of the Company  under the  Transaction  Documents  for payments in the
nature of interest  shall not exceed the maximum  lawful rate  authorized  under
applicable law (the "Maximum Rate"), and, without limiting the foregoing,  in no
event  shall any rate of  interest or default  interest,  or both of them,  when
aggregated with any other sums in the nature of interest that the Company may be
obligated to pay under the Transaction Documents exceed such Maximum Rate. It is
agreed  that  if the  maximum  contract  rate  of  interest  allowed  by law and
applicable to the Transaction  Documents is increased or decreased by statute or
any official  governmental action subsequent to the date hereof, the new maximum
contract rate of interest  allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to
the  Transaction  Documents  from  the  effective  date  forward,   unless  such
application  is  precluded  by  applicable  law.  If  under  any   circumstances
whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to any
Purchaser with respect to indebtedness  evidenced by the Transaction  Documents,
such excess shall be applied by such Purchaser to the unpaid  principal  balance
of any such  indebtedness or be refunded to the Company,  the manner of handling
such excess to be at such Purchaser's election.

         5.18   Independent  Nature of Purchasers'  Obligations and Rights.  The
obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and not
joint with the  obligations of any other  Purchaser,  and no Purchaser  shall be
responsible  in any way for the  performance  of the  obligations  of any  other
Purchaser under any Transaction  Document.  Nothing  contained  herein or in any
Transaction  Document,  and no action taken by any Purchaser  pursuant  thereto,
shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association, a
joint  venture  or any other kind of entity,  or create a  presumption  that the
Purchasers  are in any way acting in concert or as a group with  respect to such
obligations or the transactions  contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each
Purchaser  shall be  entitled to  independently  protect and enforce its rights,
including without  limitation the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of
the other  Transaction  Documents,  and it shall not be necessary  for any other
Purchaser  to be  joined  as an  additional  party  in any  proceeding  for such
purpose.  Each Purchaser has been  represented by its own separate legal counsel
in their review and  negotiation of the  Transaction  Documents.  For reasons of
administrative  convenience only,  Purchasers and their respective  counsel have
chosen to communicate  with the Company through FW. FW does not represent all of
the Purchasers but only HPC Capital Management ("HPC").  The Company has elected
to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction  Documents for the
convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so
by the Purchasers.


                                       31
<PAGE>

         5.19   Liquidated Damages. The Company's obligations to pay any partial
liquidated  damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction  Documents is a
continuing  obligation of the Company and shall not  terminate  until all unpaid
partial liquidated damages and other amounts have been paid  notwithstanding the
fact that the instrument or security  pursuant to which such partial  liquidated
damages or other amounts are due and payable shall have been canceled.

         5.20   Construction.  The parties  agree that each of them and/or their
respective counsel has reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction
Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any
ambiguities are to be resolved  against the drafting party shall not be employed
in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments hereto.


                            (Signature Pages Follow)




                                       32
<PAGE>



         IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties  hereto  have caused this  Securities
Purchase   Agreement  to  be  duly  executed  by  their  respective   authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

PACIFIC GOLD CORP.                                   Address for Notice:
                                                     -------------------


By: _________________________________                157 Adelaide St. West
    Name:                                            Suite 600
    Title:                                           Toronto Ontario
                                                     Canada M5H 4E7
                                                     Attn: Mitchell Geisler
                                                     Phone: 416.214.1483
                                                     FAX: 647-288-1509
With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Graubard Miller
The Chrysler Building
405 Lexington Avenue
New York, NY 10174-1901
Phone: 212-818-8800
Fax:  212-818-8881
Attn: Andrew Hudders



                   [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
                      SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]





                                       33
<PAGE>



        [PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO PCFG SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

         IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  undersigned  have  caused  this  Securities
Purchase   Agreement  to  be  duly  executed  by  their  respective   authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.


Name of Purchaser: ____________________________________________________________
Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: _______________________________
Name of Authorized Signatory: _________________________________________________
Title of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________
Email Address of Purchaser:____________________________________________________

Address for Notice of Purchaser:




Address for Delivery of Securities for Purchaser (if not same as above):





Subscription Amount:
Principal Amount (1.37 x Subscription Amount):
Warrant Shares:
EIN Number:  [PROVIDE THIS UNDER SEPARATE COVER]


                           [SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]







                                       34
<PAGE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
