 ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT   Exhibit 2.1  
ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT   AMONG   CROSS COUNTRY NURSES, INC.,   CROSS
COUNTRY, INC.,   MED-STAFF, INC.,   WILLIAM G. DAVIS,   DAVIS FAMILY
ELECTING SMALL BUSINESS TRUST   AND TIMOTHY RODDEN    DATED AS OF MAY 8,
2003                 ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT   ASSET
PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of May 8, 2003, among Cross Country Nurses,
Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Buyer"), Cross Country, Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("Parent"), Med-Staff, Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation
("Seller"), and William G. Davis ("Davis"), Davis Family Electing Small
Business Trust (the "Trust") and Timothy Rodden ("Rodden," together with
Davis and the Trust, the "Principals").   WITNESSETH:   WHEREAS, Seller
is engaged in the business of temporary and permanent healthcare staffing
(the "Business"); and   WHEREAS, the Principals own all of the capital stock
of Seller; and   WHEREAS, Seller desires to sell to Buyer, and Buyer desires
to purchase from Seller, substantially all of the assets of Seller used in or
related to the Business, on the terms set forth herein; and   WHEREAS, the
Principals will receive substantial benefit from such transaction;   NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, and for other good and valuable
consideration, receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the
parties agree as follows:   ARTICLE I.  DEFINITIONS   1.01. GENERAL, All
Article and Section numbers, and Exhibit and Schedule references used in this
Agreement refer to Articles and Sections of this Agreement, and Exhibits and
Schedules attached hereto or delivered simultaneously herewith, unless
otherwise specifically stated. Any of the terms defined in this Agreement may
be used in the singular or the plural. In this Agreement, unless otherwise
specifically stated, "hereof," "herein," "hereto," "hereunder" and the like
mean and refer to this Agreement as a whole and not merely to the specific
Section, paragraph or clause in which the word appears and words importing
any gender include the neuter and the other genders.   1.02. DEFINED TERMS.
For purposes of this Agreement, including the Exhibits and Schedules, the
following defined terms have the meanings set forth in this Section:  
"ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE" means all of the outstanding accounts, notes and other
receivables of Seller and the full benefit of all security for such accounts
or rights to payment, including, but not limited to, Seller\'s outstanding
accounts receivable and all unbilled fees for services rendered or products
sold in connection with the Business prior to the Closing Date and any claim,
remedy or other right related to any of the foregoing.   2      
"ACQUISITION PROPOSAL" means an inquiry, offer or proposal regarding any of
the following (other than the Contemplated Transactions) involving Seller:
any merger, reorganization, consolidation, share exchange, recapitalization,
business combination, liquidation, dissolution or other similar transaction
involving, or, any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other
disposition of, five percent (5%) or more of the assets or the equity
interests of Seller in a single transaction or series of related transactions
which could reasonably be expected to interfere with the completion of the
Contemplated Transactions (as defined herein).   "ADJUSTED EBITDA" means the
audited earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization
of the Business for the twelve month period ending December 31, 2003
(determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles) as
adjusted to reflect certain one-time revenues and expenses, including, but
not limited to, the following:   (i) plus expenses accrued during 2003
relating to the Med-Staff Phantom Equity Plan and other personal expenses of
the Principals mutually agreed upon by the parties that are of a nature that
will not be incurred or continued by Buyer after the Closing Date; and  
(ii) minus amounts by which SGandA; expenses in 2003 as a percentage of revenue
are relatively less than those from the prior two-year periods (2001
and 2002) based on reasonableness and consistency, as mutually agreed upon by
the parties hereto.  The Principals agree that in calculating the Adjusted
EBITDA for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003, the accrued professional
liability expense shall be $837,500. Adjusted EBITDA shall not include (i)
allocations of shared corporate expenses in excess of amounts that would have
been incurred by Seller if the transaction had not occurred, (ii) allocation
of overhead, executive compensation and employee benefit costs of Parent and
its affiliates other than Buyer in its operation of the Business, including,
without limitation, the compensation and related expenses associated with any
employees of Parent or Buyer who are assigned to assist in the monitoring or
integration of the Business, (iii) expenses associated with the consummation
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including any accounting
and legal fees and expenses incurred in connection with the performance of
special procedures in the calculation of Adjusted EBITDA for the period
ending December 31, 2003) and (iv) adjustments made in connection with the
write-up of assets in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.  The parties acknowledge and agree that the following expenses
incurred by Seller or Seller\'s successor (not including Buyer or any of its
Affiliates) subsequent to the Closing shall not affect the calculation of
Adjusted EBITDA: (i) payments made at or after the Closing by Seller or its
successor in interest to persons employed by Seller at the time of Closing
pursuant to Seller\'s Phantom Equity Plan or otherwise made as bonus payments
contingent upon the Closing, (ii) any taxes or withholding payments made by
Seller or its successor in interest associated with payments made pursuant to
the preceding clause (i), and (iii) any taxes paid by Seller as a result of
the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions, including, without
limitation, capital stock tax, gross receipts tax or payroll tax.  
3      "AFFILIATE" means, with respect to any specified Person, at the
time at which such status is being determined, (i) any other Person directly
or indirectly controlling or controlled by, or under direct or indirect
common control with, such specified Person or (ii) any officer, director,
partner, member or controlling stockholder of such other Person. For purposes
of this definition, the term "control" means (a) the power to direct, or
cause the direction of, the management and policies of a Person, directly or
through one or more intermediaries, whether through the ownership of voting
securities, by contract, or otherwise, or (b) without limiting the foregoing,
the beneficial ownership of 10% or more of the voting power of the voting
common equity of such Person (on a fully diluted basis) or of warrants or
other rights to acquire such equity (whether or not presently
exercisable).   "AGREEMENT" means this Asset Purchase Agreement.  
"ASSUMED CONTRACTS" has the meaning given to such term in
Section 2.01(a)(ii).   "ASSUMED LIABILITIES" has the meaning given such
term in Section 2.02.   "BASE NET WORKING CAPITAL RANGE" means an amount
between and including $19,100,000 and $20,300,000.   "BUSINESS" has the
meaning given such term in the recitals hereto.   "BUSINESS DAY" means a day
that is not a Saturday or Sunday, nor a day on which banks are generally
closed in New York City.   "BUYER" has the meaning given such term in the
preamble hereto.   "BUYER CLAIMANTS" has the meaning given such term in
Section 14.02.   "BUYER GROUP" means, collectively, Buyer, Parent and their
Affiliates.   "BUYER PARTIES" means Buyer and Parent.   "BUYER\'S
STATEMENT" has the meaning given such term in Section 2.06(b)(ii)(A).  
"BUYER\'S CLOSING STATEMENT" has the meaning given such term in
Section 4.02(b).   "BUYER\'S STATEMENT DELIVERY DATE" has the meaning given
such term in Section 2.06(b)(ii)(A).   "CLAIM" means any claim, demand,
suit, action or proceeding.   "CLAIMANT" has the meaning given such term in
Section 14.04.   "CLOSING" means the actions to be taken by the parties
described in Section 3.03.   4       "CLOSING DATE" means on or
before June 30, 2003 or another date mutually agreed upon in writing by the
parties, subject to the terms and conditions herein.   "CLOSING NET WORKING
CAPITAL" means the amount equal to (x) Current Assets (minus the sum of (i)
cash, cash equivalents, short term investments and marketable securities,
(ii) non-transferable Accounts Receivable, (iii) without duplication,
Accounts Receivable outstanding in excess of 90 days, (iv) prepaid expenses,
rents and deposits for which Buyer is not assuming a corresponding liability
hereunder (e.g. deposit on car leases, etc.), and (v) receivables
from employees) minus (y) Current Liabilities of Seller (less the sum of (i)
accrued state income taxes payable, and (ii) notes payable to any of the
Principals and any accrued interest pertaining to such notes), all as of the
Closing Date.   "CODE" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
or any successor law or successor regulations issued by the Internal Revenue
Service pursuant to the Code or any successor law.   "CONFIDENTIALITY
AGREEMENT" has the meaning given such term in Section 8.03(c).  
"CONTEMPLATED TRANSACTIONS" means all of the transactions contemplated in
this Agreement.   "COVERED PARTIES" has the meaning given such term in
Section 8.05.   "CURRENT ASSETS" means the sum of (a) cash and cash
equivalents, (b) short-term investments, (c) Accounts Receivable, (d) prepaid
expenses (to the extent Buyer derives benefit therefrom following the
Closing), (e) receivables from employees, and (f) prepaid rents and deposits
(as each item is characterized in the audited balance sheet of the Seller as
of December 31, 2002), included within the Financial Statements.   "CURRENT
LIABILITIES" means the sum of: (a) Accounts Payable, (b) accrued expenses
(excluding accruals for professional liability expense), and (c) accrued
payroll and payroll taxes (as each item is characterized in the audited
balance sheet of the Seller as of December 31, 2002 included within
the Financial Statements).   "DAMAGES" means any and all penalties, fines,
damages (whether actual or consequential), liabilities, claims, losses, costs
or expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable Litigation Expenses)
whether or not involving a third party claim.   "EandY;" means Ernst and Young
LLP.   "EARNOUT DISPUTE PERIOD" has the meaning given such term in
Section 2.06(b)(ii)(A) herein.   "EARNOUT PAYMENT" has the meaning given
such term in Section 2.06(b) herein.   5    "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN"
means any "employee benefit plan" (as defined under Section 3(3) of ERISA)
and any other health, life, vacation, bonus, deferred compensation, pension,
retirement, stock purchase, stock appreciation, severance, post-retirement,
individual employment, consulting, retention or change in control or any
other employee benefit plan, agreement, trust fund, policy, arrangement or
practice (written or unwritten, insured or uninsured).   "ENVIRONMENT" means
any surface or subsurface physical medium or natural resource, including,
air, land, soil, surface waters, ground waters, drinking water supply,
streams, ponds, drainage basins, wetlands, ambient air (including indoor
air), plant and animal life, stream and river sediments, biota and any indoor
area, surface or physical medium and any other environmental medium or
natural resource.   "ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS" means any Law, order or judgment
relating to the injury to, or the pollution or protection of, human health
and safety (including occupational health and safety) or the Environment.  
"ENVIRONMENTAL LIABILITIES" means any claims, judgments, damages (including
punitive damages), losses, penalties, fines, liabilities, encumbrances,
liens, violations, costs and expenses (including attorneys\'
and consultants\' fees) of investigation, remediation or monitoring, or
defense of any matter relating to human health, safety or the Environment of
whatever kind or nature by any party, entity or authority, except for normal
ongoing operating costs for maintaining compliance with Environmental Laws,
(A) which are incurred as a result of (i) the existence of Hazardous
Substances in, on, under, at or emanating from any of the Purchased Assets or
in connection with the operation of the Business, (ii) the off-site
transportation, treatment, storage or disposal of Hazardous Substances
generated by the Business, (iii) the violation of or non-compliance with any
Environmental Laws, (iv) exposure to any Hazardous Substances, noises, odors
or vibrations or (B) which arise under the Environmental Laws. The term
"remediation" includes the types of activities covered by the United States
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, 42
U.S.C. ss.9601 et seq., as amended.   "ENVIRONMENTAL PERMITS" has the
meaning given such term in Section 5.21(d).   "ERISA" means the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder and any successor law, regulations or
rules issued pursuant thereto.   "ERISA AFFILIATE" means any entity that
would be deemed a "single employer" with the Seller under Section 414(b),
(c), (m) or (o) of the Code or Section 4001 of ERISA.   "ESCROW AGENT"
means SunTrust Bank.   "FACILITY" means, collectively, the properties
located at 295 and 297 South Newtown Street Road, Newtown Square,
Pennsylvania 19073 used by Seller to operate the Business.   6   
"FACILITY LEASE" means that certain lease agreement, dated as of June 21,
2001, as amended, by and between Seller and Newtown Street Road
Associates relating to the Facility and that certain lease agreement, dated
as of June 23, 1998, by and between Seller and Newtown Street Road
Associates, as amended.   "FINAL ORDER" has the meaning given such term in
Section 15.01(c).   "FINANCIAL STATEMENTS" means (a) the audited balance
sheets of Seller as of December 31 in each of the years ended 2000, 2001 and
2002 and the related audited statements of income, stockholders\' equity and
cash flows for the fiscal years then ended, including the notes thereto,
together with the report thereon of EandY;, independent certified public
accountants (the "Audited Financial Statements") and (b) the Interim
Financial Statements.   "GAAP" means generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States.   "GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY" means any
jurisdiction, whether domestic or foreign, exercising executive, legislative,
judicial, police, regulatory, taxing authority, quasi-governmental or
administrative functions of government, including, but not limited to,
agencies, departments, boards, commissions or other instrumentalities.  
"HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES" means petroleum, petroleum products, petroleum-derived
substances, radioactive materials, hazardous wastes, polychlorinated
biphenyls, lead-based paint, radon, urea formaldehyde, asbestos or any
materials containing asbestos, pesticides and any chemicals, materials
or substances regulated under any Environmental Law, or defined as or
included in the definition of "hazardous substances," "extremely hazardous
substances," "hazardous materials," "hazardous wastes," "hazardous
constituents," "toxic substances," "pollutants," "contaminants" or any
similar denomination intended to classify or regulate substances by reason of
toxicity, carcinogenicity, ignitability, corrosivity or reactivity under any
Environmental Law, including any admixture or solution thereof, and
specifically including petroleum and all deliverables thereof or synthetic
substitutes therefor and asbestos or asbestos containing materials.  
"HOLDBACK AMOUNT" means the amount equal to the sum of (x) the Purchase Price
Holdback Amount and (y) the Indemnity Holdback Amount.   "HSR ACT" means the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 or any successor law,
and regulations and rules issued pursuant to that Act or any successor
law.   "INSURANCE POLICIES" means all of the policies of fire,
casualty, fidelity, liability, professional liability and other forms of
insurance relating to the Business, as set forth in SCHEDULE 5.12.  
"INDEBTEDNESS" means without duplication (i) indebtedness for borrowed money,
whether secured or unsecured, (ii) obligations under conditional sale
or other title retention agreements relating to property or services
purchased by such Person, (iii) capitalized lease obligations, (iv)
obligations under interest rate cap, swap, collar or similar transaction or
currency hedging   7   transactions (valued at the termination value
thereof), (v) all obligations evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other
similar instruments, (vi) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, as an
account party under acceptance, letter of credit or similar facilities, (vii)
all obligations, contingent or otherwise, to purchase, redeem retire or
otherwise acquire for value any capital stock, (viii) all trade payables,
(ix) all guarantee obligations in respect of obligations of the kind referred
to in clauses (i) through (viii) above, and (x) all obligations of the kind
referred to in clauses (i) through (ix) above secured by (or for which the
holder of such obligation has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to
be secured by) a lien on property (including, but not limited to, accounts
and contract rights) owned, whether or not assumed or liabilities for the
payment of such obligation.   "INDEMNITOR" has the meaning given such term
in Section 14.04(a).   "INDEMNITY CLAIM OBJECTION PERIOD" has the meaning
given such term in Section 15.01(a).   "INDEMNITY HOLDBACK AMOUNT" means
$7,500,000, which shall be held in escrow by the Escrow Agent and be paid in
accordance with Article XV.   "INDEMNITY HOLDBACK PAYMENT" has the meaning
given such term in Section 15.01(b).   "INDEMNITY HOLDBACK PAYMENT DATE"
has the meaning given such term in Section 15.01(b).   "INDEMNITY HOLDBACK
PAYMENT DEDUCTION" has the meaning given such term in Section 15.01(a).  
"INDEMNITY NOTICE" has the meaning given such term in Section 14.04(a).  
"INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS" means an unaudited balance sheet of Seller as
of March 31, 2003, and the related unaudited statements of
income, stockholders\' equity and cash flows for the three (3) months then
ended.   "KEY EMPLOYEES" means, collectively, the following: Dave Brower,
Dennis Sher, Isabelle Stanshine, Paul Giannaula, Jamie Huston, Jeff Ianotti,
Vasken Aznavorian, Eric Stott, Todd Delaney and Debbie Vaden.   "KNOWLEDGE"
of any Seller Party means the knowledge, on the date of this Agreement or on
the Closing Date, as applicable, of the Principals and Key Employees after
having exercised reasonable diligence.   "LAWS" means federal, state or
local laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations or directives, whether
legislatively, judicially or administratively, promulgated, including, but
not limited to, those related to health, safety or the Environment.  
"LEASE" has the meaning given such term in Section 5.05(a).   8   
"LEASED REAL PROPERTY" means those parcels of leased real property used in
the Business, including, but not limited to, the Facility.   "LEASEHOLD
SITES" has the meaning given such term in Section 5.05(a).   "LENDERS" means
the senior lenders under Buyer\'s Second Amended and Restated Credit
Agreement, dated as of March 16, 2001 and amended thereafter.   "LETTER OF
INTENT" means the letter of intent dated January 10, 2003, between Parent and
Seller, as amended on March 28, 2003.   "LICENSE AGREEMENTS" has the meaning
given such term in Section 5.17(b).   "LICENSED IP" has the meaning given
such term in Section 5.17(b).   "LIEN" means any mortgage, pledge,
hypothecation, security interest, agreement to sell, option to buy, right of
first refusal, title retention device, restriction on transfer or other lien
or encumbrance, including any of the foregoing arising under a deed of trust
or indenture.   "LITIGATION EXPENSES" means reasonable attorneys\' fees and
other costs and expenses incident to investigations or proceedings in respect
of, or the prosecution or defense of, a Claim.   "MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT"
shall mean a material adverse effect on the business, assets, operations,
properties, contingent liabilities, material agreements, prospects or
condition (financial or otherwise) of the Business. Seller may, however, at
its option, include in the Disclosure Schedules items that would not have a
Material Adverse Effect within the meaning of the previous sentence in order
to avoid any misunderstanding. Disclosure of any items on any Disclosure
Schedules shall not be deemed to be an acknowledgment by Seller that such
items would have a Material Adverse Effect or further define the meaning
of such term for the purposes of this Agreement.   "NET WORKING CAPITAL
ADJUSTMENT DISPUTE PERIOD" has the meaning given such term in Section
4.02(c).   "NET WORKING CAPITAL AMOUNT" has the meaning given such term in
Section 4.02(a).   "ORDINARY COURSE OF BUSINESS" means an action taken by a
Person if:   (i) such action is consistent with the past practices of such
Person and is taken in the ordinary course of the normal day-to-day
operations of such Person; and   (ii) such action is not required to be
authorized by the board of directors of such Person (or by any Person or
group of Persons exercising similar authority).   "OTHER CONTRACTS" has the
meaning given such term in Section 2.04.   9    "OTS SOFTWARE" has the
meaning given such term in Section 5.17(c).   "OTS SOFTWARE LICENSE" has the
meaning given such term in Section 5.17(c).   "OVERAGE AMOUNT" has the
meaning given to such item in Section 4.02(a).   "PERMITS" means all
governmental, quasi-governmental or regulatory agency licenses, consents,
certificates of authority, accreditations, permits, registrations, orders,
credentials, authorizations, certifications and approvals held or obtained by
or issued to Seller in connection with the operation of the Business.  
"PERMITTED LIENS" means (a) Liens for Taxes which are not due and payable or
which may thereafter be paid without penalty, or which are being contested in
good faith by appropriate proceedings; (b) mechanics\', materialmen\'s,
workers\', repairmen\'s, warehousemen\'s, carriers\' and other similar Liens
for amounts which are not yet due and payable, or which may be paid without
penalty, or which are being contested in good faith by
appropriate proceedings; (c) Liens incurred in the Ordinary Course of
Business in connection with workers\' compensation, unemployment insurance
and other types of social security; and (d) other liens or imperfections on
property, individually or in the aggregate, which are not material in amount
or which, individually or in the aggregate, do not materially detract from
the value of or materially impair the existing use of the property affected
by such liens or imperfections.   "PERSON" means any individual, general or
limited partnership, firm, trust, association, corporation (including any
non-profit corporation), joint venture, unincorporated organization, estate,
other business entity or Governmental Authority.   "PRINCIPALS" has the
meaning given thereto in the preamble.   "PURCHASE PRICE" has the meaning
given such term in Section 2.06.   "PURCHASE PRICE ADJUSTMENT PAYMENT DATE"
has the meaning given such term in Section 4.02(a).   "PURCHASE PRICE
HOLDBACK AMOUNT" means $500,000 which shall be held in escrow by the Escrow
Agent and to be paid in accordance with Section 4.02.   "PURCHASED ASSETS"
has the meaning given such term in Section 2.01(a).   "REAL PROPERTY" has
the meaning given such term in Section 5.21(a).   "RELATED PERSON" means
with respect to a particular individual:   (i) each other member of such
individual\'s Family (as hereinafter defined);   10    (ii) any Person
that is directly or indirectly controlled by such individual or one or more
members of such individual\'s Family;   (iii) any Person in which such
individual or members of such individual\'s Family hold (individually or in
the aggregate) a Material Interest (as hereinafter defined); and   (iv) any
Person with respect to which such individual or one or more members of such
individual\'s Family serves as a director, officer, partner, member, executor
or trustee (or in a similar capacity).  With respect to a specified Person
other than an individual:   (i) any Person that directly or indirectly
controls, is directly or indirectly controlled by, or is directly or
indirectly under common control with such specified Person;   (ii) any
Person that holds a Material Interest in such specified Person;   (iii)
each Person that serves as a director, officer, partner, member, executor or
trustee of such specified Person (or in a similar capacity);   (iv) any
Person in which such specified Person holds a Material Interest;   (v) any
Person with respect to which such specified Person serves as a general
partner or a trustee (or in a similar capacity); and   (vi) any Related
Person of any individual described in clause (a) or (b) below.  For
purposes of this definition, (a) the "Family" of an individual includes
(i) the individual, (ii) the individual\'s spouse, (iii) any other natural
person who is related to the individual or the individual\'s spouse within
the second degree, and (iv) any other natural person who resides with such
individual, and (b) "Material Interest" means direct or indirect beneficial
ownership (as defined in Rule l3d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934) of voting securities or other voting interests representing at least
50% of the outstanding voting power of a Person or equity securities or other
equity interests representing at least 50% of the outstanding equity
securities or equity interests in a Person.   "RETAINED ASSETS" has the
meaning given such term in Section 2.01(b).   "RETAINED LIABILITIES" has the
meaning given such term in Section 2.03.   "SELLER" has the meaning given
thereto in the preamble.   "SELLER CLAIMANTS" has the meaning given such
term in Section 14.03.   "SELLER CLOSING DISPUTE NOTICE" has the meaning
given such term in Section 4.02(c).   "SELLER\'S DISPUTE NOTICE" has the
meaning given such term in Section 2.06(b)(ii)(A).   11    "SELLER
GRANTS" has the meaning given such term in Section 5.17(d).   "SELLER
INFRINGEMENT" has the meaning given such term in Section 5.17(g).   "SELLER
IP" collectively, means all intellectual property (other than OTS Software
licensed by Seller) that is used or currently being developed by or on behalf
of any Seller Party in connection with the Business, including, but not
limited to, all of Seller\'s right, title and interest in and to the
name "Med-Staff, Inc." and all derivations thereof, all patents, trademarks,
service marks and all goodwill associated therewith, tradenames and service
names and all goodwill associated therewith, logos, designs, formulations,
copyrights (in both published and unpublished works) and other trade rights
and all derivations, registrations and applications therefor, all know-how,
trade secrets, patents, patent applications, inventions, confidential
information, all versions of software (including, but not limited to, in all
cases all source codes, object codes, programs, data, schema, applications,
tools, modules, routines and sub-routines), technology, methods, processes,
research and development, all telephone numbers, facsimile numbers, e-mail
addresses, URLs and Internet domain addresses, all customer and supplier
lists as of the Closing Date owned, used or licensed by Seller as a licensee
or licensor that Seller has any interest in or has ever used in the Business,
the Websites located at those locations set forth on SCHEDULE 5.17(A)
attached hereto and all other Websites (including, but not limited to, all
forms, images, photographs, graphics and graphic user interfaces, artwork,
animation, video, audio, sound recordings, databases, scripts, names,
likenesses, testimonials and all other text and content in whatever media
that is viewable on or otherwise accessed through the Websites), all HTML
elements that express or otherwise relate to the Websites, all computer
programs, control panels, surcharge calculators, data files and data bases,
notes, flow charts, schema, hypermaps, wireframes and diagrams and software
documentation, and all common and civil law rights to the foregoing, all
rights to royalties paid by others in respect of any of the foregoing and all
claims or causes of actions for infringement thereof.   "SELLER PARTIES"
means, individually and collectively, Seller and each of the Principals.  
"SELLER PLAN" means any Employee Benefit Plan (1) maintained, sponsored or
contributed to (or with respect to which any obligation to contribute
has been undertaken) by Seller or any ERISA Affiliate as of the Closing Date
on behalf of any director, member or employee of the Business (whether
current, former or retired) or their beneficiaries or (2) with respect to
which Seller or any ERISA Affiliate has on the Closing Date any obligation or
contributed or contributes to on behalf of any such director, member or
employee.   "SHORTFALL AMOUNT" has the meaning given to such term in Section
4.02.   "SUBSIDIARIES" of a party means any corporation or other
organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated, of which at least a
majority of the securities or interests having power to elect at least a
majority of the board of directors or other Persons performing similar
functions or having power to manage such organization, is directly or
indirectly owned or controlled by such party or one or more of its
Subsidiaries.   12    "TANGIBLE ASSETS" means all of the tangible assets
used in the Business, including, but not limited to, machinery, office and
other equipment, furniture, fixtures, supplies, inventory, furnishings,
hardware, computers and related equipment, and business machines, parts and
accessories (other than owned or leased vehicles).   "TAX RETURN" means any
return, declaration, report, claim for refund or information return or
statement relating to Taxes (whether filed with or submitted to any
Governmental Authority or required to be filed with or submitted with any
Governmental Authority), including any schedule or attachment thereto, and
including any amendment or extension thereof.   "TAXES" means all federal,
state, county, local, foreign and other taxes (including, but not limited to,
income, profits, premium, estimated, excise, sales, use, occupancy, gross
receipts, franchise, ad valorem, severance, capital levy, production,
transfer, withholding, employment and payroll related and property taxes,
import duties and other governmental charges and assessments), whether
attributable to statutory or nonstatutory rules and whether or not measured
in whole or in part by net income, and including, but not limited to,
interest, additions to tax or interest, charges and penalties with respect
thereto imposed on Seller or any of the Purchased Assets.   "TERMINATING
BUYER EVENT" has the meaning given such term in Section 13.01(d).  
"TERMINATING SELLER EVENT" has the meaning given such term in
Section 13.01(c).   "THIRD-PARTY CLAIMS" has the meaning given such term in
Section 15.01(c).   "THREATENED" means any claim, proceeding, dispute,
action or other matter will be deemed to have been "Threatened" if any demand
or statement has been made (orally or in writing) or any notice has been
given (orally or in writing) with respect to a claim, proceeding, dispute,
action, or other matter being asserted, commenced taken, or otherwise pursued
in the future.   "TRADENAMES" has the meaning given such term in Section
5.17(e).   "TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS" means this Agreement, the transfer
and assumption documents to be executed at or before the Closing pursuant to
Section 3.03, the Transitional Services Agreement and any other document or
instrument required to be executed and delivered pursuant hereto.  
"TRANSFERRED EMPLOYEES" means (i) Davis, (ii) Rodden, (iii) the
Key Employees, (iv) all other employees primarily serving the Business and
actively employed as of the Closing Date, and (v) field employees of the
Business as of the Closing Date.   "TRANSITIONAL SERVICES AGREEMENT" means
the Transitional Services Agreement, in the form of EXHIBIT 10.12 hereto,
dated as of the date hereof, between Seller and Buyer.   13    "WITHHELD
AMOUNTS" has the meaning given such term in Section 15.01(c).   ARTICLE
II.  PURCHASE AND SALE   2.01. ENUMERATION OF THE PURCHASED ASSETS;
RETAINED ASSETS.   (a) On the Closing Date, Seller shall sell, assign,
transfer, convey and deliver to Buyer, and Buyer shall purchase, acquire and
accept from Seller, all right, title and interest of Seller in and to all of
the assets, rights and properties that are owned or leased by Seller and
utilized in connection with the Business, other than the Retained Assets
(collectively, the "Purchased Assets"), including, but not limited to:  
(i) the Tangible Assets, including those set forth on
SCHEDULE 2.01(A)(I);   (ii) subject to Section 2.04, all of the contracts
and amendments of Seller relating to the Business set forth on SCHEDULE
2.01(A)(II) (the "Assumed Contracts"):   (iii) the Seller IP;   (iv) the
Accounts Receivable (other than intercompany and other non-transferable
accounts receivable);   (v) to the extent legally transferable or
assignable, all right, title and interest in and to any and all Permits held
in connection with the Business;   (vi) all books, records, general
ledgers, operating data, employee records, computer records and other data of
Seller relating to the Business, including, but not limited to, all customer
and supplier lists, payment invoices, billing records, correspondence, all
records, documents or data relating to accounting and financial information
and all other sales and marketing information which relate to the Business
and related information of the Business or used by the Business, all rights
of Seller in all telephone and facsimile numbers and post office boxes used
in connection with the Business, as well as all existing catalogs and other
support material, advertising plans of any kind, sales literature, marketing
material and related items (including, but not limited to, all art work and
printers\' plates presently in the possession of Seller\'s advertising
agencies and printers);   (vii) subject to Section 2.01(b)(vii), all right,
title and interest to all causes of action, claims and rights in litigation
or which could result in litigation against any party pertaining to the
Business or the Purchased Assets;  (viii) all deposits and prepaid expenses
relating to the Purchased Assets;   (ix) all of the goodwill and other
intangibles pertaining or relating to the Business and the Purchased Assets;
and   14    (x) all Licensed IP.   (b) The following assets of Seller
(collectively, the "Retained Assets") shall not be included in the Purchased
Assets:   (i) all cash, cash equivalents and investments, except to
the extent held in escrow for the benefit of the Business or contractually
required to be so held (e.g. prepaid expenses, deposits, bonds, etc.);  
(ii) except as set forth on SCHEDULE 2.01(A)(II), Seller\'s Insurance
Policies and rights in connection therewith;   (iii) all claims (and
benefits to the extent they arise therefrom) and litigation against third
parties to the extent that such claims and litigation relate to any Retained
Assets or any Retained Liabilities;   (iv) Seller\'s corporate minutes, tax
returns and other records having to do solely with such party\'s organization
and/or capitalization, any books and records that such party is required by
law to retain, and any books and records relating solely to Retained Assets
and/or Retained Liabilities; provided, however, that Seller will promptly
provide Buyer with copies thereof upon Buyer\'s reasonable request;   (v)
any rights to any of Seller\'s claims for any federal, state or local tax
refunds;   (vi) any Seller Plans not listed on SCHEDULE 2.01(A)(II)
or SCHEDULE 12.04 attached hereto;   (vii) all assets, if any, listed on
SCHEDULE 2.01(B) hereto; and   (viii) any rights which accrue or will
accrue to Seller under this Agreement or the Contemplated Transactions.  
2.02. ASSUMPTION OF LIABILITIES. At the Closing, Buyer shall not be liable
for and is not assuming any liabilities of the Seller Parties
whatsoever, other than (i) liabilities relating exclusively to the Purchased
Assets or the Business, (ii) liabilities of Seller accruing in the Ordinary
Course of Business, other than all liabilities relating to litigation or
resulting from claims regarding breach of contract, death, personal injury,
malpractice, all liabilities relating to or arising out of obligations of any
Seller Party to any of their Affiliates, directors or officers, all
liabilities relating to Taxes which arose prior to the Closing Date, all
liabilities regarding retirement and post retirement benefits and all
liabilities to present and past employees of Seller for severance payments
other than those arising under the Seller Plans set forth on SCHEDULE 12.04
attached hereto and referred to in Sections 12.03 and 12.04 herein and (iii)
liabilities accruing or arising after the Closing Date under the Assumed
Contracts in force and effect as of the Closing Date (other than liabilities
arising out of a breach or default prior to the Closing Date)(collectively,
the "Assumed Liabilities").   15    2.03. RETAINED LIABILITIES. Except as
otherwise provided in this Agreement, Buyer will not assume or be responsible
for any, and each of the Seller Parties shall be and remain liable and
responsible for, all obligations, liabilities, commitments and Indebtedness
of any of the Seller Parties not specifically assumed by Buyer under Section
2.02 (the "Retained Liabilities"). Retained Liabilities include, among other
things: (i) all liabilities of Seller under Seller\'s Phantom Equity Plan;
(ii) all liabilities of Seller as a result of any claims arising in
connection with breach of contract, death or personal injury, losses or
damages caused by or resulting from the provision of any services by Seller
prior to the Closing Date; (iii) all liabilities of Seller for Taxes; and
(iv) all liabilities of Seller for wages, severance payments and employee
benefits to the extent not fully accrued for by Seller in the calculation of
the Closing Net Working Capital; (v) all liabilities for vacation and sick
time to the extent not fully accrued for by Seller in the calculation of the
Closing Net Working Capital; and (vi) liabilities of Seller Plans not listed
on SCHEDULE 2.01(A)(II) or SCHEDULE 12.04 attached hereto. Seller
shall retain all Retained Liabilities and shall discharge all such
liabilities as and when due.   2.04. OTHER CONTRACTS. Anything contained in
this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, this Agreement shall not
constitute an agreement to assign or transfer, or an assignment or transfer
of, any claim, contract, agreement or commitment of Seller or any claim or
right to any benefit arising thereunder or resulting therefrom, if an
attempted assignment or transfer thereof, without the consent to such
assignment or transfer by the other parties thereto, would constitute a
breach thereof or in any way adversely affect the rights of Seller thereunder
(the "Other Contracts"). In each case in which consent of a third party is
required for assignment or transfer of such Other Contract to Buyer, Seller
shall use its best efforts to obtain, and Buyer hereby agrees to cooperate
with Seller in its efforts to obtain, such consent in a form acceptable to
Buyer. If such consent is not obtained, Seller, the Principals and Buyer
shall cooperate in an effort to provide Buyer the benefits and relieve Seller
of the obligations under such Other Contract, including, but not limited to,
Seller appointing Buyer as its subcontractor with respect to such
Other Contract.   2.05. NO ENCUMBRANCES. The sale, conveyance, assignment,
transfer and delivery of the Purchased Assets hereunder shall be free and
clear of any and all Liens, and shall be free and clear of all obligations
and liabilities of the Seller Parties, except for Assumed Liabilities.  
2.06 CONSIDERATION. In consideration of the aforesaid sale,
assignment, transfer and delivery of the Purchased Assets, Buyer and/or
Parent shall deliver the following payments to Seller:   (a) On the Closing
Date, Buyer shall deliver to Seller:   (i) an amount of cash equal to
$100,000,000 as consideration for the Assets; and   (ii) $4,000,000 as
consideration for Seller and the Principals agreeing to structure the
proposed transaction as a purchase of assets in lieu of a purchase of all of
the issued and outstanding capital stock of Seller;   16    (iii) less
the Holdback Amount, which shall be deposited by Buyer with the Escrow Agent
on the Closing Date.  The payment calculated in accordance with this Section
2.06(a) and paid by Buyer to Seller shall be referred to as the "Closing Date
Payment."   (b) (i) If, and only if, the Adjusted EBITDA of the
Business for the year ending 2003 is equal to or greater than $19,250,000 and
subject to the provisions in Article IV herein and the terms and conditions
set forth in Section 2.06(b)(ii) below, Buyer shall pay Seller the additional
amounts set forth below (the "Earnout Payment") based on the Adjusted EBITDA
of the Business for the period commencing on January 1, 2003 and ending on
December 31,
2003:    ------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------  2003 ADJUSTED
EBITDA EARNOUT
PAYMENT ------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------  = $19.25 million
$5 million ------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------  ~~   > $19.25 <
$20.25 million $5 million, plus $5.00 for each $1.00 of incremental  -
Adjusted EBITDA in excess of $19.25
million ------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------  >$20.25 < $21.25
million $10 million, plus $12.50 for each $1.00 of incremental  - Adjusted
EBITDA in excess of $20.25
million ------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------  > $21.25 < $22.25
million $22.5 million, plus $8.70 for each $1.00 of incremental  - Adjusted
EBITDA in excess of $21.25
million ------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------  > $22.25 < $23.25
million $31.2 million, plus $3.80 for each $1.00 of incremental  - Adjusted
EBITDA in excess of $22.25
million ------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------  > $23.25 < $24.25
million $35.0 million, plus $2.50 for each $1.00 of incremental  - Adjusted
EBITDA in excess of $23.25
million ------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------  >$24.25 million
$37.5 million ------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------    (ii) (A)
Within seventy-five (75) days after December 31, 2003 (the "Buyer\'s
Statement Delivery Date"), Buyer shall prepare and deliver to Seller a
statement, prepared in accordance with GAAP using the accrual method
of accounting (the "Buyer\'s Statement") showing in reasonable detail
calculations of Adjusted EBITDA and the Earnout Payment, if any, payable in
respect thereof and which shall be delivered to Seller. Seller shall have a
period of fifteen (15) Business Days after receipt of the Buyer\'s Statement
(the "Earnout Dispute Period") within which to dispute the calculations set
forth therein by means of a written notice of dispute setting forth in
reasonable detail the grounds for such dispute ("Seller\'s Dispute Notice").
If Seller does not timely deliver Seller\'s Dispute Notice, the calculations
set forth in the Buyer\'s Statement shall be final and binding on Seller and
the Principals and Buyer shall thereafter promptly pay Seller any Earnout
Payment detailed in the Buyer\'s Statement. Seller may, at any time during
the Earnout Dispute Period, provide written notice to Buyer that Seller has
agreed to the Earnout Payment detailed in the Buyer\'s Statement (which
notice shall be irrevocable once received by Buyer), in which case Buyer
shall pay to Seller such Earnout Payment within ten (10) Business Days after
Buyer has received such written notice.   17    (B) If Seller timely
delivers a Seller Dispute Notice within the Earnout Dispute Period, the
dispute shall be resolved as set forth in this clause (B). Buyer and Seller
shall first use their commercially reasonable efforts to resolve any dispute
for a period of ten (10) days after Buyer has received the Seller Dispute
Notice. If no resolution is achieved during such period, Buyer and Seller
agree that PriceWaterhouse Coopers shall be retained by them to resolve the
remaining elements of such dispute as soon as reasonably practicable based on
a review of the Buyer\'s Statement, relevant books and records, work papers
and other information supplied from time to time by Buyer and Seller,
including, without limitation, the Seller Dispute Notice. PriceWaterhouse
Coopers shall communicate its resolution to Buyer and Seller in writing as
promptly as practicable after being retained and that resolution shall be
final and binding upon Buyer, Seller and the Principals. If any unresolved
dispute is submitted to PriceWaterhouse Coopers in accordance with this
Section 2.06(b)(ii)(B), Buyer shall pay 50% of the fees and expenses
of PriceWaterhouse Coopers and Seller and the Principals shall, jointly
and severally, pay the other 50% thereof; provided, however, that all fees
and expenses of Buyer\'s own accountants, advisors or other representatives,
if any, shall be paid by Buyer and the fees and expenses of Seller\'s and the
Principals own accountants, advisors or other representatives, if any shall
be paid by them.   (C) Upon the final determination of an Earnout Payment
pursuant to Section 2.06(b)(ii)(B), Buyer shall pay to Seller within five (5)
Business Days thereafter the finalized Earnout Payment, if any.   (D) The
Earnout Payment shall be paid by Buyer, at Seller\'s discretion, either (i)
by certified or official bank check payable to the order of Seller or (ii) by
wire transfer of federal funds to an account as Seller shall direct in
writing on or before the Earnout Determination Date.   The payments required
to be made by Buyer to Seller pursuant to this Section 2.06 are collectively
referred to herein as the "Purchase Price." Those portions of the Purchase
Price set forth in Sections 2.06(a) and (b) above are subject to further
adjustment pursuant to Section 4.02 and Section 15.01 hereof.   ARTICLE
III.  CLOSING   3.01. CLOSING DATE. Unless otherwise agreed by the parties
in an amendment to this Agreement, executed and delivered in accordance with
Section 20.04, the Closing shall take place on the third Business Day after
all conditions set forth in Articles X and XI have been satisfied or
waived.   3.02. TIME AND PLACE OF CLOSING; SIMULTANEITY. Subject to
fulfillment or waiver of the conditions set forth in Articles X and XI, the
Closing shall take place at 10:00 a.m. local time on the Closing Date at the
offices of Proskauer Rose LLP or at such other time or place, as shall be
mutually agreed upon by the parties. All of the actions to be taken and
documents to be executed and delivered at the Closing shall be deemed to be
taken, executed and delivered   18   simultaneously, and no such action,
execution or delivery shall be effective until all actions to be taken and
executions and deliveries to be effected at the Closing are complete. Each
document of transfer or assumption executed and delivered pursuant to this
Agreement must be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to Seller and
Buyer.   3.03. ACTIONS AT THE CLOSING. At the Closing, on the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement:   (a) Seller will
execute and deliver to Buyer bills of sale, instruments of assignment and
other instruments of transfer for the Purchased Assets, in form reasonably
satisfactory to Buyer;   (b) Buyer will pay the amounts payable on the
Closing Date to Seller and the Escrow Agent under Section 2.06 herein by wire
transfer of federal funds to such account as Seller and the Escrow Agent, as
the case may be, shall direct in writing at least three (3) Business Days
before the Closing Date;   (c) The respective Buyer Parties and Seller
Parties will deliver such certificates, opinions and other documents as are
required by Articles X and XI; and   (d) The respective Buyer Parties and
Seller Parties will deliver all other documents, instruments and writings
reasonably required to consummate the Contemplated Transactions.   3.04.
ALLOCATION OF PURCHASE PRICE AND ASSUMED LIABILITIES. The Purchase Price
shall be allocated for tax reporting purposes in the manner set forth in
SCHEDULE 3.04 attached to this Agreement. Buyer and Seller declare that the
valuation of the Purchased Assets and the Assumed Liabilities has
been determined in good faith and as the result of arms\' length bargaining
and Buyer and Seller agree that no position inconsistent with the allocation
agreed to by Buyer and Seller shall be taken by either party before any
governmental or judicial authority. Buyer and Seller agree to file Internal
Revenue Service Form 8594 in accordance with the agreed upon allocation
referenced in SCHEDULE 3.04.   ARTICLE IV.  NET WORKING CAPITAL
ADJUSTMENT   4.01. CLOSING OF BOOKS. Seller and Buyer shall cooperate to
close Seller\'s books and related accounting records of Seller relating to
the Business effective as of 12:01 a.m. local time on the Closing Date.  
4.02. NET WORKING CAPITAL ADJUSTMENT.   (a) If the Closing Net Working
Capital is within the Base Net Working Capital Range, then there shall be no
adjustment to the Purchase Price and, in such event, Seller and Buyer shall
jointly instruct the Escrow Agent to deliver to Seller the Purchase Price
Holdback Amount. If the Closing Net Working Capital   19   is below the
Base Net Working Capital Range, then the Purchase Price shall be adjusted by
an amount equal to the Closing Net Working Capital minus the low end of the
Base Net Working Capital Range ($19,100,000). If the Closing Net
Working Capital is above the Base Net Working Capital Range, then the
Purchase Price shall be adjusted by an amount equal to the Closing Net
Working Capital minus the high end of the Base Net Working Capital Range
($20,300,000. If the calculation provided in the two immediately preceding
sentences results in a positive number, the Purchase Price shall be increased
by such amount (the "Overage Amount"). If the Purchase Price is to be
increased, (x) Seller and Buyer shall jointly instruct the Escrow Agent to
deliver to Seller the Purchase Price Holdback Amount and (y) Buyer shall
remit the Overage Amount to Seller. If the calculation provided in the first
sentence of this Section 4.02(a) results in a negative number, the Purchase
Price shall be decreased by the absolute value of such amount (the "Shortfall
Amount"). If the Purchase Price is to be decreased, the Seller and Buyer
shall jointly instruct the Escrow Agent to pay to Buyer from the Purchase
Price Holdback Amount, the Shortfall Amount and the portion, if any, of the
Purchase Price Holdback Amount that exceeds the Shortfall Amount shall be
paid by the Escrow Agent to Seller. If the Shortfall Amount exceeds the
Purchase Price Holdback Amount, Seller and Buyer shall jointly instruct the
Escrow Agent to pay Buyer the full Purchase Price Holdback Amount. In
addition, Seller shall pay to Buyer an amount equal to (x) the Shortfall
Amount, minus (y) the Purchase Price Holdback Amount. All payments to be made
pursuant to this Section shall be made on a date (the "Purchase
Price Adjustment Payment Date") on or before the fifth Business Day after the
date of the final determination of the Net Working Capital Amount.   (b)
Within sixty (60) days following the Closing Date, Buyer shall prepare and
deliver to Seller a statement, prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles (the "Buyer\'s Closing Statement"), showing the Closing
Net Working Capital as well as the calculation of the Net Working Capital
Amount. Upon and after delivery to Seller of the Buyer\'s Closing Statement,
Seller and Seller\'s independent accountants shall be given access
to Buyer\'s working papers to facilitate Seller\'s review of the calculation
of the Net Working Capital Amount. The parties agree that any Accounts
Receivable on Sellers balance sheet dated December 31, 2002 that are
uncollected on or prior to the Closing Date and not fully reserved for on the
Interim Financial Statements shall be written off as of the Closing Date. Any
such write-off shall not negatively impact the calculation of Closing Net
Working Capital.   (c) Seller shall have thirty (30) days after receipt of
the Buyer\'s Closing Statement (such 30-day period being, the "Net Working
Capital Adjustment Dispute Period") within which to dispute the calculations
set forth in the Buyer\'s Closing Statement by delivering a written notice of
dispute, setting forth in reasonable detail the grounds for such dispute (the
"Seller Closing Dispute Notice"). If Seller does not timely deliver a Seller
Closing Dispute Notice, the calculation of the Net Working Capital Amount set
forth in the Buyer\'s Closing Statement shall be final and binding on Seller.
If Seller timely delivers a Seller Closing Dispute Notice within the Net
Working Capital Adjustment Dispute Period, Buyer and Seller shall promptly
use their commercially reasonable efforts to resolve such dispute through
negotiation for a period of ten (10) Business Days following the date of
Buyer\'s receipt of the Seller Closing Dispute Notice. If no resolution is
achieved during such period, Buyer and Seller agree that PriceWaterhouse
Coopers shall be retained by them to resolve the remaining elements of such
dispute as soon as reasonably practicable. PriceWaterhouse Coopers shall
communicate its resolution to Buyer and Seller in writing as promptly as
practicable after being retained and that resolution shall be final and
binding upon Buyer, Seller and the Principals. If   20   any unresolved
dispute is submitted to PriceWaterhouse Coopers in accordance with this
Section 4.02(c), Buyer shall pay 50% of the fees and expenses
of PriceWaterhouse Coopers and Seller and the Principals shall, jointly
and severally, pay the other 50% thereof; provided, however, that all fees
and expenses of Buyer\'s own accountants, advisors or other representatives,
if any, shall be paid by Buyer and the fees and expenses of Seller\'s and the
Principals own accountants, advisors or other representatives, if any, shall
be paid by them.   ARTICLE V.  SELLER PARTIES\' REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES   With the understanding that Buyer and Parent intend to rely
hereon, Seller and each of the Principals, jointly and severally, represent
and warrant to Buyer and Parent (which warranties and representations shall
survive the Closing to the extent set forth in Section 14.01 herein
regardless of what examinations, inspections, audits and other investigations
Buyer and Parent have made or may hereafter make, with respect to such
warranties and representations), as of the date hereof and as of the Closing
Date as follows:   5.01. SELLER PARTIES STATUS AND AUTHORITY, OWNERSHIP,
ETC.   (a) STATUS AND AUTHORITY. Seller is a corporation duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and has full corporate power and authority to
conduct its business as it is now being conducted, to own and use the
properties and assets that it purports to own or use and to perform all of
its obligations under the Assumed Contracts. In connection with the Business,
Seller is licensed or qualified to transact business and is in good standing
as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction set forth on SCHEDULE 5.01(A),
which are all the jurisdictions where the failure of the Business to be so
qualified would, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse
Effect. Each of the Seller Parties has all requisite power and authority to
execute, deliver and perform its/his obligations under the Transaction
Documents to which it/he is or will be a party. A true, correct and complete
copy of the Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws and any shareholders\'
agreements or voting agreements among shareholders (including all amendments
and modifications thereto) are attached hereto as SCHEDULE 5.01(A). Such
Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of Seller are in full force and effect
and have not been amended since the date thereof and Seller is not in default
thereunder, as applicable. True, correct and complete copies of the documents
governing the Trust have been provided to Buyer and such documents are in
full force and effect and have not been amended since the date thereof and
the Trust is not in default thereunder.   (b) COMPANY OWNERSHIP. The
Principals own, of record and beneficially, all of the capital stock of
Seller, free and clear of any Liens. There are no other rights, options or
warrants outstanding to purchase equity. Seller is not a participant in any
joint venture, partnership or similar arrangement and does not own of record,
beneficially or equitably any capital stock, securities or other ownership
interest, directly or indirectly, in any other firm, corporation or entity
other than short-term investments.   21    5.02. AUTHORIZATION;
CONSENTS.   (a) The execution and delivery by each Seller Party of the
Transaction Documents to which it/he is or will be a party and the
performance by the Seller Parties of their respective obligations hereunder
and thereunder have been duly authorized by all required corporate and
shareholder action, and no other corporate proceedings or shareholder actions
are necessary to approve and authorize the execution and delivery of the
Transaction Documents or the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby or thereby.   (b) Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 5.02(B), no Seller
Party is nor will be required to give any notice to or obtain any consent
from any Person in connection with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement or the consummation or performance of any of the Contemplated
Transactions herein where the failure to give such notice(s) or obtain such
consent(s) would reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to
have a Material Adverse Effect, including, but not limited to the assignment
of the Assumed Contracts.   5.03. EXECUTION AND DELIVERY. Each of the Seller
Parties has duly and validly executed and delivered the Transaction Documents
to which it/he is a party and which are being executed and delivered
simultaneously with this Agreement; and such Transaction Documents are legal,
valid and binding obligations of the respective Seller Parties, as
applicable, enforceable against such parties in accordance with their
respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance,
fraudulent transfer, marshalling or other similar laws affecting the
enforcement of creditors\' rights generally and general principles of equity
(whether or not considered in a proceeding at law or in equity). The
remaining Transaction Documents to which the respective Seller Parties will
be a party, when executed and delivered at the Closing, will be duly and
validly executed and delivered by the appropriate Seller Parties and upon
such execution and delivery, will be legal, valid and binding obligations of
the respective Seller Parties, enforceable against such parties in accordance
with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent
conveyance, fraudulent transfer, marshalling or other similar laws affecting
the enforcement of creditors\' rights generally and general principles of
equity (whether or not considered in a proceeding at law or in equity).  
5.04. NO CONFLICT. The execution and delivery by each of the Seller Parties
of the Transaction Documents to which it/he is or will be a party, and such
party\'s performance of its/his obligations hereunder and thereunder,
does not and will not, directly or indirectly (with or without notice or
lapse of time, or both): (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the
Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws, shareholders\' agreement or other
organizational documents of the Seller or the Trust; (ii) conflict with or
violate, result in a breach of or constitute a default (or an event which,
with or without notice, lapse of time or both, would constitute a default)
under or result in the invalidity of, or accelerate the performance required
by or cause or give rise to any right of acceleration, termination or
modification of any right or obligation pursuant to any agreement or contract
to which any of the Seller Parties is a party or by which any of them (or any
of their respective assets) is subject or bound, including, but not limited
to, the Assumed Contracts, which event, individually or in the aggregate,
would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse   22   Effect;
(iii) conflict with, or result in a violation of, or give any Governmental
Authority or other Person the right to challenge the
Contemplated Transactions or to exercise any remedy or obtain any relief
under, any legal requirement or any order to which the Seller Parties or any
of the Purchased Assets are subject; (iv) result in the imposition or
creation of, or give any party the right to create, any Lien upon any of the
Purchased Assets; (v) violate, result in a breach of or constitute a default
(or an event which, with or without notice, lapse of time or both, would
constitute a default) under any judgment, decree, order, writ, injunction or
process of any Governmental Authority binding upon the Seller Parties or any
of their respective businesses or properties, including the Purchased Assets;
(vi) assuming that the parties comply with the requirements of the HSR Act,
violate any Law applicable to either the Seller Parties or any of their
respective businesses or properties, including the Purchased Assets; (vii)
except as required by the HSR Act, require any of the Seller Parties to
obtain any authorization, consent, approval or waiver from, or to make any
filing with, any Person where such event, individually or in the aggregate,
would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or (viii)
cause Buyer to become subject to, or to become liable for the payment of, any
tax, except as set forth on SCHEDULE 5.04.   5.05. LEASES; ASSUMED
CONTRACTS.   (a) SCHEDULE 5.05(A) sets forth a description of the Leased
Real Property and any rights of third parties to occupy space at such
leased premises. Seller enjoys peaceful possession of all such property. None
of the Seller Parties or any of their Affiliates owns any real property used
in the Business. Seller has valid and subsisting leasehold interests in each
of the leasehold sites listed on SCHEDULE 5.05(A) (the "Leasehold Sites")
pursuant to a written lease a true and correct copy of which has been
delivered to Buyer (each a "Lease"), and Seller has not encumbered any such
leasehold interest, except for Permitted Liens. No condition exists under any
such Lease which, with notice, lapse of time or both, would constitute a
default thereunder by Seller or, to the Seller Parties\' Knowledge, any other
party thereto. Seller has not granted or been granted any material waiver or
forbearance with respect to any such Lease. Except as set forth on SCHEDULE
5.05(A), there are no leases, subleases, licenses, occupancy agreements,
options, rights, concessions or other agreements or arrangements, whether
written or oral, pursuant to which a Seller Party has granted to any person
the right to purchase, lease, use, possess or occupy any of the Leasehold
Sites or any portion thereof, or any interest in any of the Leasehold Sites.
Seller is in material compliance with all Laws applicable to, and has all
Permits necessary for the use, occupancy, operation or maintenance of, each
of the Leasehold Sites. No brokerage or leasing commissions are or may be due
and payable by Seller with respect to any such Lease or any renewal or
extension thereof.   (b) Seller has delivered to Buyer true and correct
copies of all written Assumed Contracts and summaries of all oral Assumed
Contracts. Attached hereto as SCHEDULE 5.05(B) is a list of all Assumed
Contracts (except those made in the Ordinary Course of Business and requiring
annual payments or liabilities of Seller of $186,000 or less), including
those which relate to the Purchased Assets or the operation of the Business
and (i) under which Seller has any present or potential liability or
obligation, or from which Seller derives, or may in the future derive, a
benefit, (ii) which involve annual payments or liabilities of Seller in
excess of $100,000, (iii) which relate to the license of any Seller IP by or
from Seller (other than licenses arising from the   23   purchase of OTS
Software or other standard products), (iv) which contain provisions
restricting or affecting the development, manufacture or distribution of
Seller\'s products or services, or (v) which provide for indemnification
by Seller. Neither Seller nor, to the Seller Parties\' Knowledge, any other
party, is in breach of or default under any Assumed Contract, except where
such breach or such default would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and to the Seller
Parties\' Knowledge, there exists no event or condition which (whether with
or without notice, lapse of time or both) could reasonably be expected to
constitute a default thereunder, gives rise to a right to accelerate or
terminate any provision thereof or gives rise to any Lien on the Purchased
Assets, except for those defaults, accelerations, terminations or Liens that
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect and no party to any of the Assumed Contracts,
including the Leases, has made or asserted any claim or defense, set-off or
counterclaim under any Assumed Contract or Lease or has exercised any option
granted to it to cancel or terminate such agreement to shorten the term of
such agreement or to extend or renew such agreement, and Seller has not
received any notice to that effect. Each Assumed Contract is in full force
and effect and constitutes a legal, valid and binding agreement, enforceable
in accordance with its terms, of Seller, and, to the Seller Parties\'
Knowledge, each other party thereto. Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 5.05(B),
no Seller Party is restricted by any agreement or other commitment from
carrying on the Business in any area of the world. None of the Assumed
Contracts has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or
in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. There are no current
renegotiations of, or outstanding rights to renegotiate any material amounts
paid or payable to Seller under current or completed Assumed Contracts with
any Person and, to the Knowledge of Seller and the Principals, no such Person
has made written demand for such renegotiation.   5.06. TANGIBLE ASSETS.
Attached hereto as SCHEDULE 2.01(A)(I) is a true and correct list or
description of the material Tangible Assets. Each of the Tangible Assets is
in good and operable condition, reasonable wear and tear excepted, and is
reasonably fit and usable for the purpose for which it is being used.  
5.07. TITLE TO PURCHASED ASSETS; ABSENCE OF LIENS. Seller owns or leases all
of the Purchased Assets. Seller has good and valid title to all of the
Purchased Assets, and in the case of leased or subleased items of
Tangible Assets, real property or intangible personal property used in the
Business, valid and subsisting leasehold interest therein, free and clear of
(i) any Lien other than Permitted Liens which will be discharged prior to the
Closing Date, or (ii) any adverse claims by any third parties. At the Closing
and upon consummation of the Contemplated Transactions, Buyer will receive
good and valid title to the Purchased Assets, free and clear of all Liens.
The Purchased Assets are substantially the same as were held by Seller on
December 31, 2002, except for changes occurring in the Ordinary Course of
Business.   5.08. THE BUSINESS. The Purchased Assets include all
rights, properties, interests and assets that are necessary to permit Seller
to carry on the Business as presently conducted. All of the assets and
liabilities held by Medical Professional Contractors, Inc. and relating to
the Business have been or will be transferred to Seller at or prior to the
Closing Date.   24    5.09. RELATED PERSONS.   (a) Except as set forth
on SCHEDULE 5.09, there are no obligations of Seller to officers, directors
or employees of Seller or their Related Persons other than (a) for payment of
salary, bonuses or other compensation for services rendered in such capacity
and (b) reimbursement for reasonable expenses incurred in such capacity on
behalf of Seller. Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 5.09(A)(I), no officer,
director or employee of Seller or any of their Related Persons are indebted
to Seller or have (and in the case of employees, to the Seller Parties\'
Knowledge) any direct or indirect ownership interest in any Person (i) with
which Seller is an Affiliate, or with which Seller has a business
relationship or (ii) that competes with Seller, except that such officers,
directors or employees of the Seller may own up to five percent (5%) of the
securities of any company listed on a national securities exchange or quoted
on the Nasdaq Stock Market that competes with Seller. Except as set forth on
SCHEDULE 5.09(A)(II), none of the officers, directors or employees of
Seller or their Related Parties is, directly or indirectly, interested in any
Assumed Contract.   (b) Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 5.09(B)(I), as of
the date of this Agreement, (i) there are no intercompany liabilities or
obligations relating to the Business between any of Seller, the Principals,
their Affiliates, their shareholders or Related Persons, (ii) no shareholder
of Seller causes to be provided, or has any interest in any agreement for the
provision of, any assets, services or facilities relating to the Business,
(iii) neither Seller nor either of the Principals provides, or has any
interest in any agreement for the provision of, any assets, services or
facilities to the Business and (iv) none of Seller, the Principals or their
Affiliates has any direct or indirect ownership interest in any Person with
which Seller has a business relationship. Each of the liabilities and
transactions listed in SCHEDULE 5.09(B)(I) was incurred or engaged in, as the
case may be, on an arm\'s-length basis. Except as disclosed in SCHEDULE
5.09(B)(II), all settlements of intercompany liabilities relating to the
Business between Seller, the Principals, and any of their Affiliates have
been made, and all allocations of intercompany expenses have been applied, in
the Ordinary Course of Business consistent with past practice. As of the date
hereof and as of the Closing Date, neither the Principals nor their
Affiliates have or will have any claims against Seller, except for
claims arising out of the Contemplated Transactions.   5.10. LITIGATION;
INVESTIGATIONS.   Except as set forth in SCHEDULE 5.10, there have not been
in the past three (3) years, nor are there currently, any actions, suits or
proceedings pending or, to the Seller Parties\' Knowledge, actions, suits,
investigations or proceedings Threatened against the Seller Parties (i) with
respect to the Purchased Assets or the Business, (ii) with respect to the
Agreement, the Transaction Documents or Contemplated Transactions, (iii)
which may result, either individually or in the aggregate, in a Material
Adverse Effect, (iv) which may result in any change in the current ownership
of Seller, or (v) involving any of Seller\'s employees, directors or officers
(current or former), including, but not limited to, healthcare staffing
personnel of the Business in their capacity as such. None of the Seller
Parties or any of their Affiliates is a party or subject to the provisions of
any order, writ, injunction, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority
related to the Business. There is no action, suit, proceeding or
investigation brought by any Seller Party currently pending or which such
Person intends to initiate related to the Business. To Seller\'s and each
Principal\'s Knowledge, no event has occurred or circumstance exists that may
reasonably serve as a basis for the commencement of any proceeding against
Seller, the Purchased Assets or the Business.   25    To the Seller
Parties\' Knowledge, there are no pending or Threatened, governmental
investigations against Seller or the Business.   5.11. ABSENCE OF CHANGES OR
EVENTS. Since December 31, 2002, the Business has been conducted only in the
Ordinary Course of Business. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, since December 31, 2002, Seller has not: (a) suffered any material
adverse change which has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, a
Material Adverse Effect, and to the Knowledge of the Seller Parties, no other
event has occurred or circumstances exist that would reasonably be expected
to cause a Material Adverse Effect; (b) suffered any damage, destruction or
casualty loss (whether or not covered by insurance) which has had, or would
reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect on the Business or
the Purchased Assets; (c) converted any Current Assets of the Business into
non-current assets other than in the Ordinary Course of Business consistent
with past practice; (d) written down the value of any inventory of the
Business or written off as uncollectible any notes or Accounts Receivable
of the Business other than in the Ordinary Course of Business consistent with
past practice; (e) canceled any debts of the Business or waived any material
claims or rights relating to the Business other than in the Ordinary Course
of Business; (f) sold, transferred, leased or otherwise disposed of any of
its properties or assets relating to the Business, except in the Ordinary
Course of Business and consistent with past practice; (g) except as set forth
on SCHEDULE 5.11, disposed of, abandoned or permitted to lapse any rights to
the use of any Seller IP; (h) agreed, whether in writing or otherwise, to
take any action described in this Section 5.11; (i) made any material change
in the accounting methods of Seller relating to the Business; (j) failed to
pay or satisfy any of its debts, obligations or liabilities as the same
become due and owing; or (k) agreed to do any of the foregoing. In addition,
without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except as set forth on
SCHEDULE 5.11 and other than in the Ordinary Course of Business, since
December 31, 2002, Seller has not: (i) granted any increase in the rate or
terms of compensation payable or to become payable to any officers, directors
or employees of the Business or granted any extraordinary bonus or
compensation to any employee of Seller during the year ended December 31,
2002 that was not paid in full during such year; (ii) granted any increase in
the rate or terms of any bonus, insurance, pension or other employee benefit
plan payment or arrangement relating to the Business; (iii) entered into any
employment bonus or deferred compensation agreement with any employee of the
Business; (iv) entered into any agreement (including but not limited to, any
borrowing, capital expenditure or capital financing of more than $50,000),
material to the Business, except agreements in the Ordinary Course
of Business; (v) made any change in accounting methods, principles or
practices relating to Seller or the Business; (vi) paid, discharged or
satisfied any claim, liability or obligation relating to the Business other
than the payment, discharge or satisfaction of liabilities and obligations
reflected or reserved against in the Financial Statements, or incurred in the
Ordinary Course of Business and consistent with past practice; (vii) prepaid
any obligation relating to the Business having a fixed maturity of more than
ninety (90) days from the date such obligation was issued or incurred, or not
paid, within a reasonable date of when due, consistent with past practice, an
account payable relating to the Business, or sought the extension of the
payment date of any account payable relating to the Business, other than an
account payable that was   26   being contested in good faith; (viii)
made any capital expenditures or commitments in excess of $50,000 in the
aggregate for repairs or additions to Tangible Assets or other property
relating to the Business; (ix) permitted or allowed any of its property or
assets relating to the Business to be subjected to any Lien, other than
Permitted Liens; or (x) agreed, whether in writing or otherwise, to take any
action described in this Section 5.11. Since December 31, 2002, there has not
been any damage to or destruction or loss of any Purchased Asset or property
of Seller or the Leased Premises, whether or not covered by insurance,
materially and adversely affecting the Purchased Assets, the Business,
financial condition or prospects of Seller, taken as a whole.   5.12.
INSURANCE. SCHEDULE 5.12 is a true, correct and complete list of the
insurance coverage (including insured, insurer, amount deductible,
premium, expiration date) maintained by Seller or any of its Affiliates for
the Business and the Purchased Assets, together with a list of all claims
made under each such Insurance Policy. None of the Seller Parties nor any of
their Affiliates have received any notice from, or on behalf of, any
insurance carrier issuing to their Insurance Policies to the effect that: (a)
insurance rates with respect to the Business or the Purchased Assets will be
substantially increased; (b) there will be no renewal of existing policies;
or (c) material modification of any aspect of the Business will be required.
The insurance policies required to be disclosed on SCHEDULE 5.12 (i) are in
full force and effect in accordance with their terms, (ii) no notice of
cancellation, no restriction from relocating or suspension, modification or
amendment to any Insurance Policy has been received, and, to the Seller
Parties\' Knowledge, there is no existing default or event which, with the
giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default
thereunder, (iii) such Insurance Policies provide coverage in amounts and
upon terms that are reasonable and adequate for people having
similar business, operations and property, (iv) all premiums to date have
been paid in full to the extent due and payable, and (v) Seller and its
Affiliates, as applicable, have not been refused any insurance, or had its
coverage limited by any insurance carrier.   5.13. FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS.   (a) Annexed hereto as SCHEDULE 5.13(A)(I) is a true and
complete copy of the Financial Statements. The Financial Statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
operations, cash flows and shareholders\' equity of the Seller as at the date
of such statements, and have been prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis, and are based
on the books, records and accounts of Seller. Except as set forth on SCHEDULE
5.13(A)(II), Seller has no liabilities or obligations of any kind (whether
accrued, absolute, direct, indirect, contingent or otherwise) which would be
required to be reflected on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles and which are not fully accrued or
reserved against in the balance sheet of Seller contained in the Financial
Statements (except for changes in the Ordinary Course of Business since
December 31, 2002) that do not and would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect). Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 5.13(A)(II), none
of the Seller Parties or any of their Affiliates has any outstanding loans
relating to the Business of any kind and none of Seller Parties\' obligations
which relate to the Business have been guaranteed by any other Person.  
27    (b) Except as set forth on the most recent balance sheet of
Seller contained in the Financial Statements, and other than as disclosed on
SCHEDULE 5.13(B), Seller does not have, and none of the Seller Parties or any
of their Affiliates, on behalf of Seller, has any liabilities (including
contingent liabilities) in excess of $50,000, except Current Liabilities
incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business. To the Seller Parties\'
Knowledge, there is no basis for the assertion against the Seller Parties\'
of any claim or liability relating to the Business that would reasonably be
expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect. No financial statements of any
Person other than Seller are required by generally accepted accounting
principles to be included in the Financial Statements. Seller has not engaged
in any transaction, maintained any bank account or used any of the funds of
Seller in the conduct of its business, except for transactions, bank accounts
and funds which have been and are reflected in the normally maintained books
and records of Seller.   5.14. EMPLOYEE AND LABOR RELATIONS.   (a)
SCHEDULE 5.14(A) includes a true and complete list of all full and part-time
employees and independent contractors of the Business and their compensation,
including the date and amount of the most recent increase in each employee\'s
compensation. There are no collective bargaining agreements with any of the
employees of the Business. There is no labor union organizing to the Seller
Parties\' Knowledge, pending or Threatened with respect to the Business, and
no restriction from relocation or closing any of its obligations. To
the Seller Parties\' Knowledge, no employee of the Business, or any
consultant with whom Seller has contracted in connection with the Business,
is in violation of any term of any employment contract, proprietary
information agreement or any other agreement relating to the right of any
such individual to be employed by, or to contract with, Seller because of the
nature of the business to be conducted by the Business; and to the Seller
Parties\' Knowledge, the continued employment by Seller of its present
employees of the Business, and the performance of Seller\'s contracts with
its independent contractors in connection with the Business, will not result
in any such violation. None of the Seller Parties have received any notice
alleging that any such violation has occurred. Seller is not bound to employ,
or to continue the employment of, any employee of the Business for any
period. Except as disclosed on SCHEDULE 5.14(A), Seller is not bound to pay
any amounts to any employee of the Business following such employee\'s
termination of employment. To the Seller Parties\' Knowledge, no officer or
Key Employee, or any group of Key Employees, intends to terminate their
employment with Seller, nor does Seller have a present intention to terminate
the employment of any officer, Key Employee or group of Key Employees, except
as contemplated by this Agreement.   (b) Except as set forth in SCHEDULE
5.14(B), there have not been in the last twelve (12) months, nor are there
currently, any actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the Seller
Parties\' Knowledge, actions, suits, investigations or proceedings Threatened
against Seller or any of its Affiliates by any employees, former employees,
employees\' collective bargaining representatives, job applicants or any
association or group of such persons, relating to employment in or with
Seller or the Business. Except as set forth in SCHEDULE 5.14(B), there are no
written personnel policies, rules or procedures applicable to any employees
of the Business. True and correct copies of all such policies, rules or
procedures set forth in SCHEDULE 5.14(B) have been provided to Buyer. Seller
and each of its Affiliates have complied in all material   28   respects
with all Laws applicable to present or former employees (or any Person found
to be a present or former employee), employees\' collective
bargaining representatives, job applicants or any association or group of
such persons, of the Business, including but not limited to any provisions
thereof relating to terms and conditions of employment, wages, hours, the
payment of social security and similar taxes and occupational safety and
health.   5.15. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS.   (a) SCHEDULE 5.15(A) sets forth a
true and complete list of all Seller Plans.   (b) Neither Seller, any ERISA
Affiliate nor any of their respective predecessors has ever contributed to,
contributes to, has ever been required to contribute to, or otherwise
participated in or participates in or in any way, directly or indirectly, has
any liability with respect to any plan subject to Section 412 of the Code,
Section 302 of ERISA or Title IV of ERISA, including, but not limited to any,
"multiemployer plan" (within the meaning of Sections 3(37) or 4001(a)(3) of
ERISA or Section 414(f) of the Code), or any single employer pension plan
(within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA) which is subject to
Sections 4063 and 4064 of ERISA.   (c) With respect to each of the Seller
Plans and to the Seller Parties\' Knowledge: (i) each Seller Plan intended to
qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code is qualified and has received a
determination letter from the IRS or is on a standardized prototype document
that is the subject of a favorable opinion letter to the effect that the
Seller Plan is qualified in form under Section 401 of the Code and any trust
maintained pursuant thereto is exempt from federal income taxation under
Section 501 of the Code and nothing has occurred or is expected to occur
through the Closing Date that caused or could cause the loss of such
qualification or exemption or the imposition of any penalty or tax liability;
(ii) all payments required by any Seller Plan, any collective bargaining
agreement or other agreement or by law (including, but not limited to, all
contributions, insurance premiums or intercompany charges) with respect to
all periods through the Closing Date shall have been made prior to
the Closing Date (on a pro rata basis where such payments are
otherwise discretionary at year end) or provided for by Seller as applicable,
by full accruals as if all targets required by such Seller Plan had been or
will be met at maximum levels) on its financial statements; (iii) no claim,
lawsuit, arbitration or other action has been Threatened, asserted,
instituted or is anticipated against the Seller Plans (other than non-
material routine claims for benefits and appeals of such claims), any trustee
or fiduciaries thereof in their capacities as trustees or fiduciaries of such
Seller Plan or, with respect to the Seller Plans, against, Seller, any ERISA
Affiliate, or any director, officer or employee thereof or any of the assets
of any trust of the Seller Plans; (iv) the Seller Plan complies and has been
maintained and operated in accordance with its terms and applicable law,
including, but not limited to, ERISA and the Code; (v) no "prohibited
transaction" within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code and Section 406
of ERISA, has occurred or is expected to occur with respect to the Seller
Plan (and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
will not constitute or directly or indirectly result in such a "prohibited
transaction"); (vi) no Seller Plan is under audit or investigation by the
IRS, U.S. Department of Labor or any other governmental authority and no such
completed audit, if any, has resulted in the imposition of any tax or penalty
that has not been paid as of the Closing Date; and (vii) with respect to each
Seller Plan that is funded mostly or partially   29   through an
insurance policy, neither Seller nor any ERISA Affiliate has any liability in
the nature of retroactive rate adjustment, loss sharing arrangement or other
actual or contingent liability arising wholly or partially out of events
occurring on or before the Closing Date.   (d) Except for liability under
Part 6 of Title I of ERISA and Section 203 of ERISA and as set forth on
SCHEDULE 5.15(D), to the Seller Parties\' Knowledge, the consummation of the
Contemplated Transaction will not give rise to any liability arising under
any of the Seller Plans, including, but not limited to, liability for
severance pay, unemployment compensation, termination pay or withdrawal
liability or accelerate the time of payment or vesting or increase the amount
of compensation or benefits due to any employee or shareholder of Seller
(whether current, former or retired) or their beneficiaries solely by reason
of such transactions or by reason of a termination following such
transactions. Neither Seller nor any ERISA Affiliate maintains, contributes
to or in any way provides for any benefits of any kind whatsoever (other than
under Section 4980B of the Code, the Federal Social Security Act or a plan
qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code) to any current or future retiree
or terminee. None of Seller, any ERISA Affiliate or any officer, member or
employee thereof, has made any promises or commitments to create any
additional plan, agreement or arrangement or to modify or change any existing
Seller Plan, except as set forth in Sections 12.03 and 12.04 herein or in
SCHEDULE 2.01(A)(II) attached hereto. Except as set forth in Section
204(g) of ERISA and Section 411(d)(6) of the Code, no event, condition or
circumstance exists that would prevent the amendment or termination of any
Seller Plan.   (e) Seller has delivered to Buyer true, correct and complete
copies of:   (i) all documents (and amendments or modifications
thereto) that set forth the terms of each Seller Plan, including (A) all
plan descriptions and summary plan descriptions of Seller Plans for which
Seller is required to prepare, file and distribute plan descriptions and
summary plan descriptions, and (B) all summaries and descriptions furnished
to participants and beneficiaries regarding Seller Plans, for which a plan
description or summary plan description is not required;   (ii) all current
personnel, payroll and employment manuals and policies;   (iii) all
collective bargaining agreements pursuant to which contributions have been
made or obligations incurred (including both pension and welfare benefits) by
Seller and the ERISA Affiliates of Seller, if any, and all collective
bargaining agreements pursuant to which contributions are being made or
obligations are owed by such entities;   (iv) a written description of any
Seller Plan that is not otherwise in writing;   (v) all registration
statements filed with respect to any Seller Plan;   (vi) all current
Insurance Policies purchased by or to provide benefits under any Seller
Plan;   30    (vii) all current contracts with third party
administrators, actuaries, investment managers, consultants and other
independent contractors that relate to any Seller Plan;   (viii) the Form
5500 filed in each of the most recent three plan years with respect to the
Seller Plan, including all schedules thereto and the opinions of independent
accountants, if applicable;   (ix) all notices that were given by Seller or
any Seller Plan to the IRS or any participant or beneficiary, pursuant to
statute, within the three years preceding the date of this Agreement; and  
(x) all notices that were given by the IRS, the PBGC, or the Department of
Labor to Seller or any Seller Plan within the four years preceding the date
of this Agreement.   5.16. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS; PERMITS.   (a) The use,
operation, ownership and possession of the Purchased Assets by Seller and its
Affiliates and the operation of the Business are in compliance with all
applicable Laws, including, but not limited to, all Occupational Safety and
Health Administration Laws. Neither Seller, nor either of the Principals has
received any notification, demand, subpoena or inquiry (whether oral or
written) relating to any present or past failure by the Business to comply
with any Laws or any order, writ, injunction, judgment or decree of any
Governmental Authority nor, to the Seller Parties\' Knowledge, has the
Business been the subject of any inquiry or investigation by any Governmental
Authority regarding any such present or past failure. Except as set forth on
SCHEDULE 5.16(A), Seller is not a party to any contract that would require
Seller to comply with federal affirmative action Laws.   (b) Seller has all
Permits necessary for the conduct of the Business where the failure to do so
would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect and each of such Permits is listed on SCHEDULE
5.16(B) and each is in full force and effect; there are no proceedings
pending or, to the Seller Parties\' Knowledge, Threatened that may result in
the revocation, cancellation, suspension or modification of any Permit. The
Permits listed on SCHEDULE 5.16(B) constitute all of the Permits necessary
for Seller to lawfully conduct and operate the Business in the manner it
currently conducts and operates the Business and to permit Seller to own
and use the Purchased Assets in the manner in which it currently owns and
uses such assets.   (c) (i) Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 5.16(C)(I), to
the Seller Parties\' Knowledge, no event has occurred or circumstance exists
that (with or without notice or lapse of time) (A) would be reasonably likely
to result in a material violation by Seller of, or a failure on the part of
Seller to comply with, any Law, or (B) would be reasonably likely to give
rise to any obligation on the part of Seller to undertake, or to bear all or
any portion of the cost of, any remedial action of any nature; and   (ii)
Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 5.16(C)(II), none of the Seller Parties have
received any notice or other communication (whether oral or written) from any
Governmental Authority or any other Person regarding (A) any  
31   actual, alleged, possible or potential violation of, or failure to
comply with, any Law, or (B) any actual, alleged, possible or potential
obligation on the part of Seller to undertake, or to bear all or any portion
of the cost of, any remedial action of any nature.   5.17. INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY.   (a) The Seller IP comprises all intellectual property and
intellectual property rights necessary for or used in the Business as
currently conducted. Except for Licensed IP and OTS Software, Seller is the
sole and exclusive owner of all of Seller IP, free and clear of all Liens
other than Permitted Liens which shall be discharged prior to the Closing
Date. Except for Licensed IP and OTS Software, all Seller IP has been (i)
developed, created or invented by Seller\'s employees in the normal course of
their employment or (ii) acquired by Seller from third parties pursuant to
valid and enforceable acquisition agreements, assignments and/or work-for-
hire agreements. SCHEDULE 5.17(A) attached hereto is a true and correct list
of all Seller IP. SCHEDULE 5.17(A) attached hereto is a true and correct list
of all Seller IP in respect of which Seller has registered or applied for
registration, including, but not limited to, all trademark, copyright and
patent registrations and registration applications. All registrations
disclosed on SCHEDULE 5.17(A) are valid, subsisting and in full force and
effect.   (b) SCHEDULE 5.17(B) is a true and correct list of all Seller IP
that the Business uses and/or has a right to use under license or other
authorization from a third party ("Licensed IP"). SCHEDULE 5.17(B) also sets
forth the name and address of the grantor with respect to each item of
Licensed IP ("License Agreements"). Except as disclosed on SCHEDULE 5.17(B),
none of the Licensed IP has been incorporated into or made a part of any
Seller IP or any other Licensed IP. Seller has not received notice of
cancellation, termination or refusal to renew. Except as set forth on
SCHEDULE 5.17(B), Seller is not in breach of any Licensed IP.   (c)
SCHEDULE 5.17(C) is a true and correct list of all off-the-shelf software
that is used by the Business ("OTS Software"). Except as disclosed
on SCHEDULE 5.17(C), Seller obtained all OTS Software pursuant to a shrink-
wrap, cling-wrap or similar agreement between licensor and Seller (each, an
"OTS Software License").   (d) SCHEDULE 5.17(D) attached hereto sets forth
a true and correct list of all agreements pursuant to which Seller grants to
any one or more third parties the license, sublicense, right, authorization
or other consent to access and/or use, for whatever purpose, any part or all
of Seller IP, Licensed IP or OTS Software (the "Seller Grants"). SCHEDULE
5.17(D) also sets forth the name and address of the grantee and a summary of
the material terms and conditions of each Seller Grant. Seller has not
received notice of cancellation, termination or refusal to renew. Seller is
not in breach of any Seller Grants.   (e) SCHEDULE 5.17(E) attached hereto
lists all of Seller\'s registered and unregistered tradenames, service names
and/or assumed names (collectively, "Tradenames") that are currently used,
intended to be used or have been used in connection with the Business.  
32    (f) Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 5.17(F), Seller has taken
all measures reasonably necessary to maintain and protect its right, title
and/or interest in and to each item of Seller IP, including in response to
any action taken by Governmental Authorities. Expressly, but without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, Seller has taken all measures reasonably
necessary to protect the confidentiality of that part of Seller IP that is
comprised of the trade secrets of Seller or of Seller\'s licensors. Seller
has not disclosed Seller IP to any person, or is contractually obligated to
disclose such Seller IP except as set forth on SCHEDULE 5.17(F).   (g) In
connection with the Business, Seller has not infringed on, violated and/or
misappropriated and, to Seller Parties\' Knowledge, is not infringing on,
violating and/or misappropriating, the rights of any third party, including,
but not limited to, any copyright, patent rights, trademark rights, trade
secret rights, other intellectual property rights, or rights of privacy
or publicity, except as set forth on SCHEDULE 5.17(G) (collectively,
"Seller Infringement"). Seller has no reason to believe that continued
operation of the Business will interfere with, infringe upon or
misappropriate intellectual property of any other person, except as set forth
on SCHEDULE 5.17(G). No claim of Seller Infringement has been asserted or, to
Seller Parties\' Knowledge, Threatened by any Person in connection with the
Business. Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 5.17(G), Seller has not agreed to
indemnify any Person for or against any interference, infringement,
misappropriation or other conflict with respect to any one or more items of
Seller IP.   (h) Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 5.17(H), no claims have
been asserted or, to the Seller Parties\' Knowledge, Threatened by any
Person, nor, to the Seller Parties\' Knowledge, is there any basis for any
bona fide claims challenging the ownership, legality, use, validity and/or
enforceability of the Seller IP, and/or Seller\'s rights under the License
Agreements and the OTS Software Licenses.   (i) To Seller Parties\'
Knowledge, no Person (including, but not limited to, any employee or former
employee of the Business) has infringed upon, violated, misappropriated or
otherwise used without the consent of Seller any part or all of Seller
IP.   (j) Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 5.17(J), all patents and
trademarks have been registered with the United States Patent and Trademark
Office, if any, are currently in compliance with all formal legal
requirements (including the timely post-registration filing of affidavits of
use and incontestability and renewal applications), are valid and
enforceable, and are not subject to any maintenance fees or taxes or actions
falling due within ninety (90) days after the Closing Date.   5.18.
ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE. Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 5.18, all of the
Accounts Receivable reflected on the Financial Statements (i) represent sales
actually made in the Ordinary Course of Business for goods or
services delivered or rendered in bona fide arm\'s length transactions, (ii)
are or will be as of the Closing Date current and collectible and are payable
on ordinary trade terms, (iii) are current (i.e., outstanding fewer than
ninety (90) days past the day of invoice), (iv) are legal, valid and binding
obligations of the respective debtors enforceable in accordance with their
terms, (v) are not subject to any valid set-off or counterclaim, (vi) are
collectible in the   33   Ordinary Course of Business in the aggregate
recorded amounts thereof, net of any applicable reserve reflected in the most
recent balance sheet included in the Interim Financial Statements and (vii)
are not the subject of any actions, suits or proceedings brought by or on
behalf of the Seller Parties or their Affiliates.   5.19. TAXES.   (a)
Seller has timely filed (or had filed on its behalf) with appropriate tax
authorities all Tax Returns required to be filed by it; Seller has delivered
to Buyer copies of all Tax Returns filed by it since the year ending 1999; to
the Seller Parties\' Knowledge, all such Tax Returns are true, correct and
complete in all material respects; and Seller has timely paid or accrued (or
had paid or accrued on its behalf) all Taxes due for all periods ending on or
prior to the Closing Date; (b) all amounts required to be withheld or
collected by Seller from customers or from or on behalf of employees
or independent contractors with respect to the Business for income, social
security and unemployment insurance Taxes have been collected or withheld and
either paid to the appropriate governmental agency or set aside and, to the
extent required by law, held in accounts for such purpose; (c) there are no
pending actions or proceedings by any applicable taxing authority for the
assessment, collection, adjustment or deficiency of Taxes against Seller
relating to the Business and, to the Seller Parties\' Knowledge, there are no
pending Tax audits of Seller; (d) there are no outstanding agreements or
waivers extending the statutory period of limitation applicable to any
assessment of Tax or audit of any Tax Return of Seller for any period; and
(e) Seller throughout its existence has been classified as a corporation for
federal tax purposes. An extension of time to file any Tax Return that has
not been filed has not been required or granted. Seller has paid all Taxes
that have or may have become due pursuant to those Tax Returns or otherwise,
or pursuant to any assessment received by Sellers through the date of this
Agreement. To the Seller Parties\' Knowledge, there is no dispute as to Taxes
payable by Seller that could have or result in any adverse effect on the
Purchased Assets, the Business or, after the Closing Date, the Buyer. There
is no tax sharing agreement that will require any payment by Seller after the
date of this Agreement. There are no liens for Taxes (other than for current
Taxes not yet due and payable) on the Purchased Assets.   5.20. FINDERS.
Neither the Seller Parties nor anyone acting on their behalf, has taken any
action that, directly or indirectly, would obligate Seller to anyone other
than Goldman Sachs and Co. acting as broker, finder, financial advisor or in
any similar capacity in connection with this Agreement or any of the
Contemplated Transactions hereby.   5.21. ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS.   (a) All
of the current and past operations of the Purchased Assets and the Business,
including any operations at or from any real property presently or formerly
owned, used, leased, occupied, managed or operated by Seller in connection
with the Business (the "Real Property"), comply and have at all
times complied, in all material respects, with all applicable Environmental
Laws. Neither Seller, nor to any Seller Parties\' Knowledge, any other
Person, has engaged in, authorized, allowed or suffered any operations or
activities upon any of the Real Property, for the purpose of or in any way
involving the handling, manufacture, treatment, processing, storage, use,
generation, release, discharge, spilling, emission, dumping or disposal of
any Hazardous Substances   34   at, on, under or from the Real Property,
except in full compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws.   (b) To
the Seller Parties\' Knowledge, neither the Purchased Assets nor the Real
Property contain any Hazardous Substances in, on, over, under or at it, in
concentrations which violate any applicable Environmental Laws or would
be reasonably likely to result in the imposition of a material
Environmental Liability on the owner, lessee, manager or operator of the Real
Property under any applicable Environmental Laws, including any liability or
obligations for the investigation, corrective action, remediation or
monitoring of Hazardous Substances in, on, over, under.   (c) To the Seller
Parties\' Knowledge, none of the Real Property is listed or proposed for
listing on the National Priorities List pursuant to the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act ("CERCLA"), 42 U.S.C.
9601 et seq., or any similar inventory of sites requiring investigation,
monitoring or remediation maintained by any state or locality. Seller has not
received any notice from any Governmental Authority or other Person of any
actual or Threatened Environmental Liabilities with respect to the Real
Property, the Business or the Purchased Assets.   (d) Seller has all the
permits, licenses, authorizations and approvals materially necessary in
connection with the Business and for the operations on, in or at the
Purchased Assets and the Real Property (the "Environmental Permits"), that
are required under applicable Environmental Laws. Seller is materially in
full compliance with the terms and conditions of all such Environmental
Permits.   (e) Seller has not contractually nor, to Seller Parties\'
Knowledge, by operation of law (including the Environmental Laws) or
otherwise, assumed or succeeded to any Environmental Liabilities of any
predecessors or any other person or entity except for Environmental
Liabilities not related to the Real Property, the Business or the Purchased
Assets.   5.22. QUESTIONABLE PAYMENTS. In connection with the Business,
neither the Seller Parties nor any officer or director of Seller, nor to the
Seller Parties\' Knowledge, any agent, employee, or any other Person acting
on behalf of the Seller Parties has, directly or indirectly, used any company
funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful
expenses; made any unlawful payment to government officials or employees or
to political parties or campaigns; established or maintained any unlawful
fund of corporate monies or other assets; made or received any bribe or any
unlawful rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other payment; given
any favor or gift which is not deductible for federal income tax purposes; or
made any bribe, kickback or other payment of a similar or comparable nature,
to any governmental or non-governmental Person, regardless of form, whether
in money, property, or services, to obtain favorable treatment in securing
business or to obtain special concessions or to pay for favorable treatment
for business or for special concessions secured.   5.23. BOOKS AND RECORDS.
The books of account, minute books, stock record books, sales records,
payment records, invoices, shipment records, production records, customer
complaint and recall records, purchasing records and any and all formulations
(including, but not limited to, governmental   35   formulations) of
Seller, all of which have been made available to Buyer, are true, complete
and correct in all material respects and have been maintained in accordance
with sound business practices and on a consistent basis.   5.24. NO
SUBSIDIARIES. Seller does not own, either of record, beneficially or
equitably, any capital stock or other securities or any other direct or
indirect interest in any firm, corporation or other entity (including any
joint venture or partnership) other than short-term investments.   5.25.
CLIENTS AND SUPPLIERS. SCHEDULE 5.25 contains a list setting forth the twenty
(20) largest per diem nurse clients of Seller and the twenty (20) largest
travel nurse clients of Seller, by dollar amount of revenues over each of the
12-month periods ended December 31, 2000, 2001 and 2002. All commitments by
Seller to provide services to each of its clients or to receive services from
its suppliers have been made in the Ordinary Course of Business, and Seller
has made no payments to any client, supplier or their representatives other
than pursuant to invoices prepared or received by Seller in the
Ordinary Course of Business.   5.26. FULL DISCLOSURE. This Agreement, the
Schedules and Exhibits hereto and the Transaction Documents do not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact nor, to the Seller Parties\'
Knowledge, omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the
statements contained herein or therein not misleading. To the Seller
Parties\' Knowledge, there are no facts which (individually or in the
aggregate) would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
that have not been set forth in the Agreement, the Schedules or the Exhibits
hereto, or in the Transaction Documents.   ARTICLE VI.  BUYER\'S AND
PARENT\'S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES   With the understanding that
Seller and the Principals intend to rely hereon, Buyer and Parent, jointly
and severally, represent and warrant to Seller and each of the Principals
(which warranties and representations shall survive the Closing to the extent
set forth in Section 14.01 herein regardless of what examinations,
inspections, audits and other investigations Seller and the Principals have
made or may hereafter make, with respect to such warranties
and representations), as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date as
follows: Seller and Parent, jointly and severally, represent and warrant to
Buyer and the Principals as follows:   6.01. CORPORATE STATUS AND
AUTHORITY. Each of the Buyer Parties is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware with
full corporate power and authority to own its properties and to carry on its
business as presently conducted. Each of the Buyer Parties has full corporate
power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under
this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is or will be a
party.   6.02. AUTHORIZATION. The execution and delivery by each of the
Buyer Parties of this Agreement and, as applicable, the Transaction Documents
to which it is or will be a party, and its performance of its obligations
hereunder and thereunder, have been duly authorized by all required corporate
action and no   36   other corporate proceedings are necessary to approve
and authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Transaction
Documents or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby.   6.03. EXECUTION AND DELIVERY. Each of the Buyer Parties has duly
and validly executed and delivered this Agreement and, as applicable,
the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and which are being executed
and delivered simultaneously with this Agreement; and, this Agreement and
such Transaction Documents, as applicable, are valid and binding obligations
of each of the Buyer Parties, enforceable against them in accordance with
their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other
similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors\' rights generally and
general principles of equity (whether or not considered in a proceeding at
law or in equity). The remaining Transaction Documents to which each of the
Buyer Parties will be a party, when executed and delivered at the Closing,
will be duly and validly executed and delivered by each of the Buyer Parties,
and upon such execution and delivery, will be legal, valid and binding
obligations of each of the Buyer Parties, enforceable against them in
accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be
limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or
other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors\' rights generally
and general principles of equity (whether or not considered on a proceeding
at law or in equity).   6.04. NO CONFLICT. The execution and delivery by
each of the Buyer Parties of the Transaction Documents to which it is or will
be a party, and such party\'s performance of its obligations hereunder and
thereunder, does not and will not, directly or indirectly (with or without
notice or lapse of time): (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the
Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws, shareholders\' agreement or other
organizational documents of the Buyer Parties; (ii) except for the consent
from our Lender, conflict with or violate, result in a breach of or
constitute a default (or an event which, with or without notice, lapse of
time or both, would constitute a default) under or result in the invalidity
of, or accelerate the performance required by or cause or give rise to any
right of acceleration, termination or modification of any right or obligation
pursuant to any agreement or contract to which any of the Buyer Parties is a
party or by which any of them (or any of their respective assets) is subject
or bound, which event, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be
expected to have a material adverse effect; (iii) conflict with, or result in
a violation of, or give any Governmental Body or other Person the right to
challenge the Contemplated Transactions or to exercise any remedy or obtain
any relief under, any legal requirement or any order to which the
Buyer Parties or are subject or (iv) except for the approval of its Lenders
and pursuant to the HSR Act, require any authorization, consent, approval or
waiver from any Person.   6.05. LITIGATION AND PROCEEDINGS. There are no
claims, actions, suits, proceedings or investigations, judicial or
administrative, pending or, to the Knowledge of either Buyer Party,
Threatened against or involving Buyer or Parent that seek to restrain,
prohibit or invalidate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or
that might materially adversely affect the ability of the parties to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.   37    6.06. FINDERS.
Neither the Buyer Parties nor anyone acting on their behalf, has taken any
action that, directly or indirectly, would obligate Buyer to anyone acting as
broker, finder, financial advisor or in any similar capacity in connection
with this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby.  
ARTICLE VII.  NONCOMPETITION; NONSOLICITATION COVENANTS   7.01.
NONCOMPETITION.   (a) Seller and each of the Principals hereby acknowledge
that: (i) the agreements and covenants they are providing in this Section
7.01 are reasonable and necessary to the protection of the Buyer Group\'s
legitimate interests in the undertakings contemplated by this Agreement; (ii)
Seller and each of the Principals have certain Knowledge of the business
operations that may be required to ensure the effective and successful
conduct of the Business, (iii) Buyer will be irreparably damaged and its
substantial investment in the undertakings contemplated by this Agreement
materially impaired if Seller and/or the Principals were to enter into an
activity competing or interfering with the businesses of the Buyer Group in
violation of the terms of this Section 7.01 or if they were to disclose or
make unauthorized use of any confidential information concerning the Business
or the Purchased Assets; (iv) the scope and length of the term of this
Section 7.01 and the geographical restrictions contained herein are fair and
reasonable and not the result of overreaching, duress or coercion of any kind
and the full, uninhibited and faithful observance of each of the agreements
and covenants contained in this Section 7.01 will not cause Seller or either
Principal any undue hardship, financial or otherwise, and enforcement of each
of the covenants contained in this Section 7.01 will not impair either
Principal\'s ability, if he so desires, to engage in other business ventures
acceptable to him or otherwise obtain income required for his profitable
operation and the satisfaction of the needs of his creditors.   (b) Seller
and each of the Principals covenant and agree that they will not, and will
cause their Affiliates not to, directly or indirectly, at any time from the
date of this Agreement and continuing for a period of five (5) years after
the Closing Date, compete with Buyer or any of its Affiliates in the United
States of America, directly or indirectly, whether for its own account
or otherwise. As used in this Article VII, to "compete" shall mean to,
directly or indirectly, own, manage, operate, join, control, be employed by,
or become a director, officer, employee, agent, broker, consultant,
representative or shareholder of a corporation or an owner of an interest in
or an employee, agent, broker, consultant, representative or partner of a
partnership or in any other capacity whatsoever of any other form of business
association, sole proprietorship or partnership, or otherwise be connected in
any manner with the ownership, management or operation of any Person that
engages in a business similar to the Business; provided, however, that
nothing herein shall prevent Seller, the Principals or their Affiliates from
(i) engaging in the temporary placement business of information technology
personnel (including, but not limited to, such personnel as computer
programmers or other similarly skilled individuals engaged in similar lines
of work) or (ii) acquiring up to five percent (5%) of the securities of any
company listed on a national securities exchange or quoted on the Nasdaq
Stock Market.   38    7.02. NONSOLICITATION. For a period commencing on
the Closing Date and ending on the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date,
neither Seller, the Principals nor any of their Affiliates shall, unless
acting with the express written consent of Buyer, directly or indirectly, in
any capacity, (i) solicit, induce or employ any Person who is or was, at the
time of such solicitation, inducement or employment by Seller or its
Affiliates, an employee, subcontractor or consultant of the Business, or a
Buyer Entity to leave such position or to accept a position with Seller, the
Principals or any of its Affiliates, or (ii) tortiously interfere with any
Buyer Entity\'s relationship with, or solicit any business that is a
competing business from, any of its subcontractors, customers or
employees.   7.03. GENERAL. With respect to the covenants contained in this
Article VII, Seller and each of the Principals agree that any remedy at law
for any breach of said covenants may be inadequate and that Buyer and/or
Parent shall be entitled to specific performance or any other mode of
injunctive or other equitable relief to enforce their rights hereunder or any
other relief a court might award. The existence of any claim or cause of
action, which Seller or either Principal or any other Person may have against
any Buyer Entity, shall not constitute a defense or bar to the enforcement of
any of the covenants contained in this Article VII. In the event this Article
VII shall be more restrictive than permitted by applicable law, the
restrictions in this Article VII shall be limited to the minimum extent
required to make them enforceable. It is specifically agreed that the periods
stated in this Article VII shall be computed by excluding from such
computation any time during which the Principals and/or their Affiliates are
determined by final and unappealable judicial decision to be in violation of
any provision of this paragraph.   ARTICLE VIII.  COVENANTS   8.01.
ACCESS AND INQUIRY; HSR FILING.   (a) Seller has furnished to Buyer true,
correct and complete copies of all records, documentation and other
information in its possession (or in the possession of Seller\'s attorneys or
other representatives) as Buyer has reasonably requested concerning the
ownership, use, operation and condition of the Business and the Assets.
Seller has given Buyer reasonable access to its facilities, books, properties
and records relating to the Business during normal business hours upon
reasonable notice and without undue interruption and Buyer will be permitted
to contact and make reasonable inquiry of employees and customers and
suppliers of the Business regarding the Purchased Assets and Assumed
Liabilities.   (b) Buyer and Seller have prepared and filed all
notifications and documents required to be filed for the Contemplated
Transactions to comply with the HSR Act, if necessary. Buyer and Seller shall
each be responsible for all of their own costs, filing fees and expenses
(including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys\' fees) associated with
the preparation and filing of all documents required under the HSR Act,
except that Buyer shall pay the filing fee for the requisite filing under the
HSR Act.   8.02. BULK TRANSFER. The parties agree to waive compliance with
any bulk transfer law applicable to any of the transactions contemplated
hereby. Seller and the Principals hereby agree, jointly and severally, to
indemnify and   39   hold harmless Buyer against liability, cost and
expense (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys\' fees) arising
out of noncompliance with applicable bulk transfer laws.   8.03.
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.   (a) The Seller Parties acknowledge that in the
course of negotiations and discussions in connection with this Agreement and
transactions contemplated hereby, the Seller Parties will have and have had
access to confidential or proprietary data or information relating to the
Business or to the businesses of the Buyer or Parent. For a period commencing
on the date of this Agreement and ending on the fifth anniversary of the
Closing Date, the Seller Parties shall not, in any capacity, divulge,
communicate, disclose or make available to any Person, nor shall any Seller
Party direct, or permit, any of its employees, officers, representatives or
Affiliates to divulge, communicate, disclose or make available to any Person
(other than to a Person bound by confidentiality obligations similar to those
contained herein and other than as necessary in performing such Seller
Party\'s duties hereunder) or use to the detriment of Buyer and/or Parent or
for the benefit of any other Person, any of such data or information. The
provisions of this Section 8.03 shall survive the termination of this
Agreement hereunder, whether by the normal expiration thereof or otherwise.
As used in this Section 8.03, the term "confidential or proprietary data or
information" shall mean information relating to Buyer and/or Parent
not generally available to the public or generally known. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Section 8.03, the term
"confidential or proprietary data or information" shall not include any
information which (i) has been rightly received from a third party without
restriction or breach of this Agreement, (ii) is required to be disclosed by
Law or court order, provided, however, that the Seller Parties shall provide
the Buyer Group with written notice at least thirty (30) days prior to the
disclosure of such information, (iii) is already known by the Seller Parties
without any confidentiality undertaking, or (iv) is or becomes publicly known
through no fault of the Seller Parties.   (b) In the event the Contemplated
Transactions in this Agreement are not consummated such that the Closing does
not occur, the provisions of Section 8.03(a) shall apply with equal force and
effect to the Buyer Group to protect the confidential or proprietary data or
information of the Seller Parties.   (c) The terms and conditions set forth
in this Section 8.03 shall supersede the terms and conditions set forth in
the Confidentiality Agreement entered into between Seller and Parent (the
"Confidentiality Agreement"), and the Confidentiality Agreement shall cease
to be of force and effect as of the date of this Agreement.   8.04. USE OF
NAME. On the Closing Date, Seller shall change its name to a name not
confusingly similar to Med-Staff, Inc. and shall cease doing business under
any assumed name or tradenames listed on SCHEDULE 5.17(E). On the
Closing Date, Seller shall deliver to Buyer any and all required instruments
deemed necessary by any and all applicable Governmental Authorities to
terminate any previously filed assumed name or tradenames listed on SCHEDULE
5.17(E). Promptly after any such filing, Buyer shall deliver proof of said
filings to Seller.   40    8.05. NO SOLICITATION, ETC. Seller and any
Affiliate, officer, employee or representative thereof and each of the
Principals (collectively, the "Covered Parties") shall immediately cease and
terminate any existing solicitation, initiation, encouragement, activity,
discussion or negotiation with any parties conducted heretofore by the
Covered Parties with respect to an Acquisition Proposal (as defined herein)
regarding the Purchased Assets and/or the Business. From the date hereof, the
Covered Parties shall not, directly or indirectly, encourage, solicit or
initiate any inquiries or the making of any proposal that constitutes or may
reasonably be expected to lead to an Acquisition Proposal from any Person, or
engage in any discussion or negotiations relating thereto or accept any
Acquisition Proposal.   8.06. FULFILLMENT OF CONDITIONS. Each of the Seller
Parties and the Buyer Parties shall use its commercially reasonable efforts
to cause the conditions to Closing in Articles X and XI, respectively, to be
fulfilled in a timely manner after the date hereof.   8.07. CONSENTS. The
Seller Parties shall use their reasonable efforts to obtain and deliver to
Buyer (a) the consents, approvals, waivers or acknowledgments listed on
SCHEDULE 8.07, and (b) any and all Permits, consents, or declarations to or
filings with, any Governmental Authority required in connection with the
Contemplated Transactions and the Transaction Documents, duly executed by all
parties other than Buyer prior to Closing, without the imposition on Buyer of
any material condition, restriction or required undertaking.   8.08.
AFFILIATE TRANSACTIONS. Immediately prior to the Closing, all liabilities
relating to the Business or, the Purchased Assets and payable to
any Affiliate of Seller and/or the Principals shall be satisfied and
discharged in full and all liabilities of any employee, officer, director or
Affiliate of Seller and/or the Principals due and owing to Seller shall be
satisfied and discharged in full.   8.09. PUBLICITY. Each of the Seller
Parties, on the one hand, and each of the Buyer Parties, on the other hand,
covenants and agrees, jointly and severally, that all written publicity and
notices to third parties (other than such party\'s lenders) concerning the
sale of the Business and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement shall be subject to the prior written approval of (x) Buyer, in the
case of written publicity or notices to third parties by any Seller Party and
(y) Seller, in the case of written publicity or notices to third parties by
any Buyer Party; provided, however, this Section 8.09 shall not apply to
disclosure and reporting requirements of the Buyer Parties under applicable
securities laws or regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market, which the Buyer
Parties agree to provide to the Seller Parties as soon as reasonably
practicable.   8.10. UPDATE NOTICES. The Seller Parties, on the one hand,
and the Buyer Parties, on the other hand, shall deliver to the other, as soon
as practicable after obtaining Knowledge that any representation or warranty
made by it is not true and correct, a notification of such fact.   8.11.
TAX COVENANTS. No new elections with respect to Taxes or any changes in
current elections with respect to Taxes affecting the Purchased Assets and/or
the Business shall be made before the Closing Date without the prior written
consent of Buyer. At or prior to Closing, Seller shall furnish Buyer an
affidavit, stating under penalty of perjury, the transferor\'s United  
41   States taxpayer identification number and that the transferor is not a
foreign person, pursuant to ss. 1445(b)(2) of the Code.   8.12. MED-STAFF
NAME. On or prior to the Closing Date, Seller shall have resolved any and all
pending claims against Med-Staff regarding the use and/or ownership of the
name "Med-Staff" or "Med-Staff, Inc." in any form (domain name or
otherwise).   8.13. ACCRUAL FOR PROFESSIONAL LIABILITY INSURANCE.
Professional liability insurance expense shall be accrued by Seller on its
Financial Statements at the rate of $0.35 for each hour worked by
healthcare professionals, commencing on January 1, 2003 to March 31, 2003.
Commencing on April 1, 2003 and continuing until the Closing Date,
professional liability insurance expense of the acquired business shall be
accrued at the rate of $0.50 for each hour worked by healthcare
professionals.   8.14 FINANCING. The Buyer Parties shall use their
commercially reasonable efforts to complete the $200,000,000 financing
contemplated by the Commitment Letter provided to Seller on the date
hereof.   ARTICLE IX  CONDUCT OF THE BUSINESS   9.01. From the date
hereof and until the Closing Date, except as contemplated by this Agreement
or expressly consented to in writing signed by Buyer, Seller and the
Principals shall, and shall cause their Affiliates to: (i) conduct the
Business only in the Ordinary Course of Business, (ii) maintain and preserve
the Business\'s properties in good repair, working order and
condition, including but not limited to, performing maintenance in a manner
and on a basis consistent with past practice, (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to preserve the Business\'s operations and organizations
intact, (iv) use commercially reasonable efforts to keep available the
services of the Business\'s current officers, (v) use commercially reasonable
efforts to preserve the Business\'s current business relationships,
including, but not limited to, the goodwill of its customers and suppliers
and others having business relationships with it, (vi) except as set forth on
Schedule 9 attached hereto, not change the rate or terms of compensation
payable, or to become payable, to any of the Business\'s officers or
employees, except in the Ordinary Course of its Business, (vii) not grant any
change in the rate or terms of any Seller Plan, (viii) not enter into any
agreement or make any other commitment in connection with the Business or the
Purchased Assets involving an amount in excess of $50,000, (ix) not sell,
lease (as lesser), transfer, license (as licensor), encumber, grant or create
a Lien on, any of the Purchased Assets, other than in a manner and on a basis
consistent with past practice, (x) not terminate or amend any
Assumed Contract, (xi) refrain from doing, or causing to be done, anything
which would cause the representations and warranties set forth in Article V
of this Agreement from not being true, complete and correct on the Closing
Date as if made on such date, (xii) continue to insure itself and the
Purchased Assets and all property owned by Seller in accordance with the
manner disclosed in this Agreement, and to use, operate, maintain and repair
the Purchased Assets consistent with past practices, (xiii) not enter into
any agreement to sell Purchased Assets or supply services to others without
Buyer\'s prior written consent, except in the Ordinary Course of Business,
(xiv) refrain from doing any act or omitting to do any act, or permitting any
act or omission to act, which will cause a breach of any contract, commitment
or obligation of Seller related   42   to the Business, the Purchased
Assets or the Assumed Liabilities, (xv) promptly notify Buyer in writing of
any written or Threatened investigation or proceeding by or relating to
Seller, the Purchased Assets, the Business or this Agreement before any court
or governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or
instrumentality, (xvi) refrain from doing any act or omitting to do any
act, or permitting any act or omission to act, which will cause any of the
Purchased Assets to be depleted or any of the Accounts Receivables or trade
payables to be collected on an accelerated basis, other than in the Ordinary
Course of Business, (xvii) use its best efforts to cause all of the
conditions to the obligations of Seller under this Agreement to be satisfied
on or prior to the Closing Date and (xviii) not terminate any of its
employees without the prior written consent of Buyer, other than in the
Ordinary Course of Business; (xix) not dispose of or modify or alter the
Purchased Assets, other than in the Ordinary Course of Business, or incur,
create or assume any Lien (other than Permitted Liens, which must be
discharged on or prior to the Closing Date) on any Purchased Asset; or (xx)
take any action which could reasonably be expected to prevent or materially
delay the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions.   ARTICLE X. 
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO BUYER\'S OBLIGATIONS   All obligations of the Buyer
Parties under this Agreement are subject, at the Buyer Parties\' sole and
absolute discretion, to the fulfillment prior to or at the Closing, of each
of the following conditions.   10.01. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
ACCURATE. The representations and warranties of the Seller Parties contained
in this Agreement shall be true and correct (a) in all respects with regard
to representations and warranties limited by materiality qualifications or
references to Material Adverse Effect and (b) in all material respects with
regard to all other representations and warranties, as of the date of this
Agreement and as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect as though
made on and as of the Closing Date.   10.02. PERFORMANCE OF COVENANTS AND
AGREEMENTS. Each Seller Party shall have performed in all material respects
the covenants and agreements required to be performed by it/him at or prior
to the Closing pursuant to this Agreement.   10.03. CONSENTS. Seller shall
have delivered to Buyer at or prior to the Closing all consents from
governmental and regulatory agencies, landlords, mortgagees, secured parties
or other third parties that, individually or in the aggregate, could have a
Material Adverse Effect on the Business or the Purchased Assets subsequent to
Closing if not obtained and all such consents shall be in full force and
effect on the Closing Date, without the imposition upon Buyer or the Business
of any new conditions, restrictions or required undertakings.   10.04. NO
MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE. There shall not have occurred any material adverse
change in the business, assets, operations, properties, condition (financial
or otherwise), contingent liabilities, prospects or material agreements of
Seller since December 31, 2002.   43    10.05. EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS.  
(a) Each of Davis and Rodden shall have executed an employment agreement with
Buyer in the form attached hereto as EXHIBIT 10.05(A)(I) and EXHIBIT
10.05(A)(II), respectively.   (b) Each of the Key Employees of Seller
identified on SCHEDULE 10.05(B) shall have executed an employment agreement
with Buyer in the form attached hereto as EXHIBIT 10.05(B).   (c) Each of
the persons listed on SCHEDULE 10.05(C) shall have
executed confidentiality/non-compete agreements with Buyer in the form
attached hereto as EXHIBIT 10.05(C).   10.06. FINANCING COMMITMENT. The
Buyer Parties shall have received financing of no less than $200,000,000
having terms no less favorable to them than are contained in the Commitment
Letter provided to Seller on the date hereof, as necessary to consummate the
Contemplated Transactions.   10.07. LITIGATION. There shall not be in effect
on the Closing Date any order, writ, judgment, decree or similar order or any
Law, of any Governmental Authority restraining, enjoining or questioning the
validity of, or otherwise prohibiting or making illegal the consummation of,
any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. There
shall not be pending or Threatened on the Closing Date any action or
proceeding that questions the validity or legality of this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or that seeks injunctive relief
in connection therewith.   10.08. OPINION OF SELLER\'S COUNSEL. Seller shall
have delivered to Buyer an opinion of Ballard Spahr Andrews and Ingersoll, LLP
dated the Closing Date in a form mutually agreed upon by the parties.  
10.09. SELLER PARTIES\' DELIVERIES. Each Seller Party, as applicable, shall
deliver on the Closing Date the following items and documents to Buyer:  
(a) Physical delivery of all Tangible Assets by making them available at
Seller\'s offices, together with any and all warranties, manuals,
instructions and other literature in the possession of Seller relating to the
ownership or operation of the Tangible Assets. In addition, such notices to
telephone companies, internet service providers and others required to
transfer Seller\'s telephone and facsimile numbers, e-mail addresses,
intellectual property addresses and domain addresses, used in the Business to
Buyer and physical delivery of all books, files and records concerning the
Purchased Assets.   (b) Such instruments of assignment, transfer or
conveyance executed by Seller, as Buyer may reasonably request in order to
assign, convey and transfer to Buyer good and marketable title to all of the
Purchased Assets, free and clear of all Liens, other than Permitted Liens,
including, but not limited to, a bill of sale reasonably satisfactory to
Buyer.   44    (c) Certificates, on behalf of each of the Seller Parties,
executed by the President or Trustee, as applicable, of each of the Seller
Parties, dated the Closing Date, certifying that the conditions set forth in
Sections 10.01 through 10.04 have been satisfied; and   (d) Physical
delivery of all original or certified copies of documentation concerning the
Seller IP, including, but not limited to, registrations and applications of
any patents, copyrights, trade marks or service marks, original artwork, data
bases, computer programs, notes, sketches, flowcharts, diagrams and
software.   10.10. GOVERNANCE.   Seller shall deliver to Buyer the
following corporate documentation with respect to Seller:   (a) Seller
shall deliver to Buyer the following corporate documentation:   (i)
Seller\'s Articles of Incorporation, certified as of a date within ten (10)
days prior to the Closing Date by the Department of State of the Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania and Seller\'s Bylaws, both certified as of the Closing Date
by the President or Secretary of Seller as being in full force
and effect;   (ii) Subsistence Certificate with respect to Seller,
certified as of a date within ten (10) days prior to the Closing Date from
the Secretary of State of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and Good Standing
Certificates in each other state in which Seller is qualified to do
business;   (iii) Resolutions of the Board of Directors of Seller and
each of the Principals in their capacities as sole shareholders, approving
this Agreement and all the transactions contemplated hereby on behalf of
Seller and certified by the President or Secretary of Seller, respectively,
as being in full force and effect and unmodified;   (iv) An incumbency and
specimen signature certificate with respect to the officers of Seller
executing this Agreement and any Transaction Documents to which Seller is a
party.   (b) Seller shall deliver to Buyer the following other
documentation:   (i) A confidentiality/non-compete agreement between Buyer
and Dave Gorelick in the form attached hereto as EXHIBIT 10.10(B)(I);  
(ii) such other documents, instruments or certificates as shall be reasonably
requested by Purchaser or its counsel to consummate the Contemplated
Transactions;   (iii) the Trust\'s governing documents, certified as of a
date within five (5) days prior to the Closing Date by the Trustee as being
in full force and effect; and   45    (iv) A resolution of the Trust
approving this Agreement and the Contemplated Transactions.   10.11. OTHER
TRADENAME CHANGE Seller shall deliver to Buyer evidence that Seller has
changed its name and any and all required instruments deemed necessary by any
and all applicable Governmental Authorities to terminate any previously filed
assumed name or similar certificates regarding such tradenames listed on
SCHEDULE 5.17.   10.12. TRANSITIONAL SERVICES AGREEMENT; ESCROW AGREEMENT.
Seller shall execute and deliver to Buyer the Transitional Services Agreement
and an Escrow Agreement having terms and conditions mutually agreed upon by
the parties.   10.13. ESTOPPEL LETTERS. Seller shall deliver to Buyer
estoppel letters in a form reasonably acceptable to Buyer and dated not more
than ten (10) days prior to the Closing Date, with respect to (a) the Leased
Real Property, (b) those Assumed Contracts listed on SCHEDULE 10.13 attached
hereto and (c) the Indebtedness set forth on SCHEDULE 10.13, executed by the
landlord of each respective Leased Real Property, the hospital facility of
each such Assumed Contract and the bank(s), as applicable.   10.14.
TERMINATION OF LIENS. Seller shall deliver to Buyer evidence, in form and
substance satisfactory to Buyer in its sole and absolute discretion, of the
full and unconditional release of any Liens, other than Permitted Liens,
on the Purchased Assets.   10.15. HSR ACT. All filings required under the
HSR Act, if any, shall have been made and any required waiting period under
the laws applicable to the Contemplated Transactions shall have expired or
earlier terminated.   10.16 WORKER\'S COMPENSATION INSURANCE. Seller shall
have delivered to Buyer an Estoppel Letter from AIG regarding Seller\'s
workers\' compensation insurance in a form reasonably acceptable to Buyer and
dated not more than ten (10) days prior to the Closing Date.   10.17.
SUBLEASE. Buyer and Drexel Technical, Inc., shall have entered into a
Sublease pursuant to which Drexel Technical, Inc. subleases space from Buyer
at the Facility.   10.18. INDEBTEDNESS. All funded debt of the Seller as
well as any amounts due to any Related Person of the Seller or any of the
Principals shall have been paid in full and Seller shall have delivered to
Buyer, evidence, satisfactory to Buyer, to such effect.   10.19 FAILURE TO
OBTAIN CONSENTS, LICENSES, PERMITS AND APPROVALS. Without restricting
Buyer\'s right not to proceed to the Closing if the conditions in Article X
are not satisfied, to the extent that the rights of Seller under any
contract, license, permit or approval or other Purchased Asset or Assumed
Liability to be assigned to Buyer under this Agreement may not be assigned
without the consent of another person or entity which,
notwithstanding Seller\'s use of its best efforts to obtain any such required
consent(s) as promptly as possible, have not been obtained by the Closing
Date, Buyer may elect that this Agreement not constitute an agreement to
assign the same if an   46   attempted assignment would constitute a
breach thereof or be unlawful and, instead, proceed with Closing, provided
Buyer indemnifies for same pursuant to Article XIV.   ARTICLE XI. 
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE SELLER PARTIES\' OBLIGATIONS   All obligations
of the Seller Parties under this Agreement are subject, at the Seller
Parties\' option, to the fulfillment prior to or at the Closing, of each of
the following conditions:   11.01. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES ACCURATE.
The representations and warranties of the Buyer Parties contained in this
Agreement shall be true and correct (x) in all respects with regard to
representations and warranties limited by materiality qualifications or
references to Material Adverse Effect and (y) in all material respects with
regard to all other representations and warranties, as of the date of this
Agreement and as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect as though
made on and as of the Closing Date.   11.02. PERFORMANCE OF COVENANTS AND
AGREEMENTS. Each Buyer Party shall have performed, in all material respects,
all of the covenants and agreements required to be performed by such Buyer
Party at or prior to the Closing pursuant to this Agreement.   11.03.
LITIGATION. There shall not be in effect on the Closing Date any order, writ,
judgment, decree or similar order or any Law, of any Governmental Authority
restraining, enjoining or questioning the validity of, or
otherwise prohibiting or making illegal the consummation of, any of the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. There shall not be
pending or Threatened on the Closing Date any action or proceeding that
questions the validity or legality of this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or that seeks injunctive relief in connection
therewith.   11.04. BUYER\'S AND PARENT\'S DELIVERIES. Each of the Buyer
Parties shall have delivered to Seller a certificate, dated the Closing Date,
signed by its respective Chief Executive Officer or President, certifying to
the effect that, in the case of Buyer, the conditions set forth in Sections
11.01, 11.02 and 11.06 have been satisfied, and, in the case of Parent, that
the conditions set forth in Sections 11.01 and 11.02 have been satisfied.  
11.05. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. Each of the Buyer Parties shall have delivered
the following corporate documentation to Seller on its respective behalf:  
(a) Good Standing certificate with respect to itself, certified as of a date
within five (5) days prior to the Closing Date by the Secretary of State
of Delaware.   (b) Resolutions of its Board of Directors, approving this
Agreement and all the transactions contemplated hereby on behalf of such
party, certified by its President or Secretary as being in full force and
effect and unmodified.   (c) An incumbency and specimen signature
certificate with respect to the officers of Buyer executing this Agreement
and any Transaction Documents to which Buyer is a party.   47    (d) An
incumbency and specimen signature certificate with respect to the officers of
Parent executing this Agreement and any Transaction Documents to which Parent
is a party.   11.06. HSR ACT. All filings required under the HSR Act, if
any, shall have been made and any required period under the laws applicable
to the Contemplated Transactions shall have expired or earlier
terminated.   11.07. EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS.   (a) Buyer shall have
executed the employment agreements with Davis and Rodden in the form attached
hereto as EXHIBIT 10.04(A)(I) and EXHIBIT 10.04(A)(II), respectively.   (b)
Buyer shall have executed employment agreements with each of the Key
Employees of Seller in the form attached hereto as EXHIBIT 10.04(B).  
11.08. TRANSITIONAL SERVICES AGREEMENT; ESCROW AGREEMENT. Buyer shall execute
and deliver to Seller the Transitional Services Agreement and the Buyer and
Parent shall execute and deliver to Seller the Escrow Agreement having
terms and conditions mutually acceptable to the parties.   ARTICLE XII. 
EMPLOYEE MATTERS   12.01. EMPLOYMENT. On or prior to the Closing Date, Buyer
shall make an offer of employment to each Transferred Employee of Seller;
provided, however, that any such offer of employment shall be contingent on
the consummation of the Closing. Seller consents to Buyer contacting the
Transferred Employees with respect to the desire of such employees to enter
the employ of Buyer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall be
construed as to prevent Buyer from terminating the employment of any
Transferred Employee at any time after the Closing Date for any reason (or no
reason). Seller shall deliver to Buyer as of the Closing Date all personnel
files relating to Transferred Employees who have signed authorizations and
releases permitting Seller to deliver such files. Buyer will give credit to
the Transferred Employees subsequent to the Closing Date for their years of
service to Seller prior to the Closing Date with respect to vacation and sick
time.   12.02. COBRA. Seller agrees that it shall be Seller\'s (or
its Affiliates\') sole responsibility to provide the required notices under
Part 6 of Title I of ERISA ("COBRA") to all MandA; Qualified Beneficiaries (as
defined in Treas. Reg. Section 54.4980B-9, QandA; 4), and that it shall provide
coverage under COBRA to such individuals and be responsible for all
obligations and liabilities relating to or arising under the COBRA
continuation coverage requirements.   12.03 401(K). On or before June 1,
2003, Seller shall cause a "spin-off" of the assets and liabilities of the
Med-Staff/Drexel Technical Associates, Inc. 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan (the
"Seller 401(k) Plan") resulting in the division of the Seller 401(k) Plan
into two separate, identical, component plans and trusts, in accordance with
applicable law (including,   48   without limitation, Section 414(l) of
the Code), covering, respectively (i) Transferred Employees and their
beneficiaries (the "New 401(k) Plan") and (ii) all other Seller 401(k) Plan
participants (and their beneficiaries) (the "Drexel 401(k) Plan"). Seller
shall cause the sponsorship of the Drexel 401(k) Plan to be transferred to
Drexel Technical Associates, Inc. on or before the Closing Date. Seller shall
draft the appropriate documents in a form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to Buyer and use its best efforts to take all actions necessary,
to the extent possible, to effectuate the intent of this Section 12.03.
Effective as of the Closing Date, Buyer shall assume the sponsorship of the
New 401(k) Plan subject to, and conditioned upon, the Closing. In the
event that the Closing Date occurs on or after June 1, 2003, the Seller
represents and warrants that it will maintain and operate the New 401(k) Plan
in compliance with applicable law, including, without limitation, ERISA and
the Code, and that the representations and warranties set forth in Section
5.15 shall be true and accurate as of the Closing Date.   12.04. WELFARE
PLANS.   (a) As of the Closing Date, Buyer shall assume and maintain for
the benefit of the Transferred Employees the New Welfare Plans (defined
below) and the Seller Plans which cover solely Transferred Employees listed
on SCHEDULE 12.04(A) (collectively, the "Assumed Seller Plans").   (b)
Immediately prior to, and subject to, the Closing, Seller shall cause all of
the Seller Plans that are "employee welfare benefit plans" which cover
Transferred Employees as well as other employees of the Seller and
its Affiliates ("Seller Welfare Plans") to be divided into separate,
identical component plans covering respectively (i) Transferred Employees
(and their beneficiaries) (the "New Welfare Plans") and (ii) all other Seller
Welfare Plan participants (and their beneficiaries), including without
limitation, MandA; Qualified Beneficiaries (the "Drexel Welfare Plans").
Immediately prior to, and subject to, the Closing, Seller shall cause the
Drexel Welfare Plans to be transferred to Drexel Technical Associate, Inc.
Prior to the Closing, Seller shall draft the appropriate documents in a form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to Buyer and use its best efforts to
take all actions necessary, to the extent possible, to effectuate the intent
of this Section 12.04(b). Effective as of the Closing Date, Buyer shall
assume the New Welfare Plans subject to, and conditioned upon, the
Closing.   (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that Buyer
provides similar benefits under a different plan, nothing contained in this
Section 12.04 shall cause or result in the Transferred Employees receiving,
or being eligible to receive, duplicate benefits or, until December 31, 2003,
if the Transferred Employees (and their beneficiaries) are eligible to
participate at substantially similar terms in the Buyer\'s different plan(s)
providing similar benefits, require the Buyer to continue such Assumed Seller
Plans or New Welfare Plans for any period of time following the Closing Date,
or (iii) preclude the Buyer from terminating, amending or suspending the
Assumed Seller Plans or the New Welfare Plans.   49    ARTICLE XIII. 
TERMINATION   13.01. RIGHTS TO TERMINATE. This Agreement may be terminated
and the transactions contemplated hereby may be abandoned at any time before
the Closing by prompt written notice given in accordance with Section
19.01:   (a) by mutual written instrument signed by Buyer and Seller;  
(b) at any time after June 30, 2003 by either Buyer or Seller, if the Closing
shall not have occurred on or before such date and such failure to consummate
is not caused by a breach of this Agreement by the terminating party (or its
Affiliates);   (c) by Buyer, upon a material breach of any representation,
warranty or covenant on the part of any of the Seller Parties set forth
herein (as determined in accordance with Section 14.07 herein), if such
breach is not cured to the satisfaction of Buyer (in its sole and absolute
discretion) within fifteen (15) days after delivery of a written notice from
Buyer to the Seller Parties specifically describing such breach, or if any
representation or warranty of any of the Seller Parties shall have become
untrue, in either case such that the conditions set forth in Sections 10.01
through 10.04 would not be satisfied (a "Terminating Seller Event");   (d)
by Seller, upon a material breach of any representation, warranty or covenant
on the part of Buyer or Parent set forth herein if such breach is not cured
to the satisfaction of the Seller Parties (in their sole and
absolute discretion) within fifteen (15) days after delivery of a written
notice from the Seller Parties to the Buyer Parties specifically describing
such breach or if any representation or warranty of Buyer or Parent shall
have become untrue, in either case such that the conditions set forth in
Section 11.01 or 11.02 would not be satisfied (a "Terminating Buyer
Event").   13.02. PROCEDURE AND EFFECT OF TERMINATION. In the event of
termination of this Agreement by either or both parties pursuant to Section
13.01 hereof, written notice thereof shall forthwith be given to the other
party specifying the provision hereof pursuant to which such termination is
made, and this Agreement shall forthwith become void and there shall be no
liability on the part of the parties hereto (or their respective officers,
directors, members or Affiliates), except as set forth in Sections 8.03
(Confidential Information) and 18.01 (Expenses); provided, however, that if
this Agreement is terminated by a party because of the breach of the
Agreement by the other party or because one or more of the conditions
precedent to the terminating party\'s obligations under this Agreement is not
satisfied as a result of the other party\'s failure to comply with its
obligations under this Agreement, the terminating party\'s right to pursue
all legal remedies will survive such termination unimpaired.   50   
ARTICLE XIV.  SURVIVAL; INDEMNIFICATION   14.01. SURVIVAL OF
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, COVENANTS AND AGREEMENTS.   (a)
Notwithstanding any right of Buyer and Parent (whether or not exercised) to
investigate the affairs of Seller and the Business or any right of any party
(whether or not exercised) to investigate the accuracy of the representations
and warranties of the other party contained in this Agreement, Seller and
Buyer have the right to rely fully upon the representations, warranties,
covenants and agreements of the other contained in this Agreement. Except as
provided in the next sentence, the representations, warranties, covenants and
agreements of the Seller Parties and the Buyer Parties contained in this
Agreement will survive the Closing (i) indefinitely with respect to
the representations and warranties contained in Sections 5.01, 5.02, 5.03,
5.07, 5.15, 5.21, 6.01, 6.02 and 6.03 contained in this Agreement; (ii) until
thirty (30) calendar days after the expiration of the applicable statutes of
limitation (including all periods of extension, whether automatic or
permissive) with respect to matters covered by Section 5.19; and (iii) until
the date that is eighteen (18) months after the Closing Date in the case of
all other representations and warranties; provided, however, that any
representation, warranty, covenant or agreement that would otherwise
terminate in accordance with clause (ii) or (iii) above will continue to
survive with respect to any Claim if a notice shall have been timely given
under Section 14.04 on or prior to such termination date, until the related
Claim for indemnification has been satisfied or otherwise resolved.   (b)
The representations and warranties contained in Article V and Article VI
hereof are the only representations and warranties made by the parties in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and supersede
any and all previous written or oral statements made by any of
the parties.   14.02. SELLER PARTIES\' INDEMNIFICATION OF BUYER. Subject to
the terms and limitations of this Article, from and after the Closing, the
Seller Parties shall, jointly and severally, indemnify Buyer and Parent and
their respective directors, officers, employees, shareholders, members,
partners, agents, successors and permitted assigns (collectively, "Buyer
Claimants") against any Damages which are caused by or arise out of: (i) the
failure to perform or fulfill any covenant or agreement to be performed or
fulfilled by the Seller Parties under any of the Transaction Documents, (ii)
any inaccuracy in any representation or breach of any warranty made by any of
the Seller Parties herein or in any certificate, document or instrument
delivered pursuant hereto, (iii) the Retained Liabilities, (iv) the Retained
Assets, (v) except for the Assumed Liabilities, the ownership of the
Purchased Assets or the operation of the Business prior to the Closing Date,
(vi) any Taxes imposed on Buyer attributable to the revenue or income Seller
earned prior to the Closing Date, the revenue or income the Business earned
prior to the Closing Date, or any Taxes imposed on the Purchased Assets or
the Business with respect to the period on or prior to the Closing Date and
(vii) the waiver of compliance with applicable Uniform Commercial Code bulk
transfer requirements and (viii) any brokerage commission, finders\' fee or
similar alleged payments alleged to be payable relating to the Contemplated
Transactions.   51    14.03. BUYER PARTIES\' INDEMNIFICATION OF SELLER.
Subject to the terms and limitations of this Article, from and after the
Closing, the Buyer Parties shall, jointly and severally, indemnify Seller and
each of its officers, partners, agents, successors and permitted assigns and
the Principals (collectively, "Seller Claimants") against any Damages which
are caused by or arise out of: (i) the failure to perform or fulfill any
covenant or agreement to be performed or fulfilled by the Buyer Parties under
any of the Transaction Documents, (ii) any inaccuracy in any representation
or breach of any warranty made by any of the Buyer Parties herein or in any
certificate, document or instrument delivered pursuant hereto, (iii) the
Assumed Liabilities, (iv) the operation of the Business or ownership of the
Purchased Assets by Buyer on or after the Closing Date, (iv) any brokerage
commission, finders\' fee or similar payments alleged to be payable relating
to the Contemplated Transactions or (v) Buyer\'s involvement in the
resolution of any Claim subject to the provisions of Section 14.08, whether
or not Buyer acts reasonably (such action being conclusively presumed to be
for the benefit of Buyer).   14.04. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF INDEMNIFICATION.
The respective obligations and liabilities of the Seller Parties and of the
Buyer Parties to indemnify each other pursuant to this Article XIV shall be
subject to the following terms and conditions:   (a) The party seeking
indemnification (the "Claimant") must promptly give the party or parties from
which it is seeking indemnification (collectively, the "Indemnitor"), written
notice of any such Claim. The Claimant\'s failure to give prompt notice,
however, shall not serve to eliminate or limit the Claimant\'s right to
indemnification hereunder except to the extent such failure materially
prejudices the rights of the Indemnitor. Any indemnity notice (an "Indemnity
Notice") shall state (with reasonable specificity) the basis on which any
indemnification is being sought, set forth the amount of Damages for which
indemnification is being sought, and in the case of third party claims, be
accompanied by copies of all relevant pleadings, demands and other papers
served on the Claimant.   (b) The respective obligations and liabilities of
the Seller Parties and the Buyer Parties to indemnify pursuant to this
Article XIV in respect of any Claim or assertion of liability by a third
party shall be subject to the following additional terms and conditions:  
(i) The Indemnitor shall have the right to undertake, by counsel of its own
choosing reasonably satisfactory to Claimant, the defense, compromise and
settlement of such Claim.   (ii) In the event that the Indemnitor shall
elect not to undertake such defense, or within a reasonable time after notice
of any such Claim from the Claimant shall fail to defend, the Claimant (upon
further written notice to the Indemnitor) shall have the right to undertake
the defense, compromise or settlement of such Claim, by counsel of its own
choosing, on behalf of and for the account and risk of the Indemnitor
(subject to the right of the Indemnitor to assume defense of such Claim at
any reasonable time prior to settlement, compromise or final determination
thereof).   52    (iii) Anything in this Section 14.04 to the
contrary notwithstanding, (a) if there is a reasonable probability that a
Claim may materially and adversely affect the Claimant other than as a result
of money damages or other money payments, the Claimant shall have the right,
at its own cost and expense, to participate in the defense, compromise or
settlement of the Claim, (b) the Indemnitor shall not, without the
Claimant\'s written consent, settle or compromise any Claim or consent to
entry of any judgment which does not include as an unconditional term thereof
the giving by the claiming party or the plaintiff to the Claimant of a
release from all liability in respect of such Claim, (c) the Indemnitor shall
not, without the Claimant\'s written consent, consent to the entry of any
order with respect to a Claim, or compromise or settle any Claim, on terms
imposing any obligation on the Claimant other than the payment of money in a
single installment (which amount shall be paid by Indemnitor), (d) except as
set forth in subsection (iv) below, the Claimant shall not, without the
Indemnitor\'s written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld,
consent to the entry of an order with respect to a Claim, or compromise or
settle any Claim and (e) in the event that the Indemnitor undertakes the
defense of any Claim, the Claimant by counsel or other representative of its
own choosing and at its sole cost and expense, shall have the right to
consult with the Indemnitor and its counsel or other representatives
concerning such Claim and the Indemnitor and the Claimant and their
respective counsel or other representatives shall cooperate with respect to
such Claim.   (iv) If the Indemnitor fails to pay, compromise or settle
the Claim within sixty (60) days of the date of receipt of the notice
thereof pursuant to Section 14.04(a) or to commence to contest the Claim
within such 60-day period and thereafter to prosecute such contest
diligently, the Claimant may pay the Claim and the Indemnitor shall promptly,
upon written demand of Claimant, reimburse Claimant for the full amount of
such payment, plus interest from the date of such payment by Claimant to the
date of reimbursement by Indemnitor at the publicly announced base interest
rate of Citibank, N.A. (or any successor bank) in effect from time to time
during such period.   14.05. LIMIT ON INDEMNIFICATION.   (a) The amount of
Damages for which indemnification is provided under this Article XIV shall be
net of any amounts recovered by the Claimant under Insurance Policies on its
behalf (after giving effect to any deductibles) with respect to such Damages.
A Claimant will be required to use reasonable commercial efforts to pursue
collection under any of its Insurance Policies, as applicable. For purposes
of this Agreement, "Damages" shall be deemed to include the portion of any
increases in insurance premiums shown to be attributed to Claims for which
indemnification was to be provided under this Agreement but for recovery by
the Claimant under Insurance Policies on its behalf.   (b) Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Seller Parties shall not be required
to indemnify a Buyer Claimant under Section 14.02(ii) or Section 14.02(v)
unless, and only to the extent that, the aggregate cumulative sum of all
Claims for which indemnity would otherwise be due under Section 14.02 exceeds
$900,000. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Buyer Parties
shall not be required to indemnify a Seller Claimant under Section 14.03(ii)
unless, and only to the extent that, the aggregate cumulative   53   sum
of all claims for which indemnity would otherwise be due under Section
14.03 exceeds $900,000. This Section 14.05 shall not apply to any claims of
fraud.   (c) The total amount of indemnification to be paid jointly
and severally by the Seller Parties on the one hand, and the Buyer Parties on
the other hand pursuant to this Article XIV shall be limited to fifty percent
(50%) of the Purchase Price actually paid to the Seller Parties.   14.06
EXCLUSIVE REMEDY. The indemnification in this Article XIV shall be the
exclusive remedy of the parties hereto with respect for claims for Damages;
provided, however, in no event will this Article XIV limit any rights to
injunctive or other equitable relief pursuant to the terms herein.   14.07.
QUALIFICATIONS. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement,
for purposes of the application of the indemnity provisions in this Article
XIV, the determination of whether a breach of any representation, warranty or
covenant in this Agreement has occurred and the amount of any Damages
resulting therefrom shall be determined without giving effect to
any "Material Adverse Effect" qualification or any other materiality or
similar qualification contained in the representations, warranties, covenants
or agreements herein.   14.08 OTHER CLAIMS. Each of the parties hereto
acknowledges and agrees that in the event Seller is Threatened with or
receives written notice of the commencement of any proceeding against Seller
by any of its former healthcare facility customers that is also a client of
Buyer and/or its Affiliates, Seller will promptly notify Buyer in writing of
the same. Such notice shall identify (i) the name of the healthcare facility,
(ii) copies of all notices and documentation delivered to Seller by the
healthcare facility or its Representatives, (iii) a detailed description of
the alleged event(s) leading to the Claim and (iv) a summary of Seller\'s
position regarding such Claim. Because any such Claim could adversely affect
the relationship between Buyer and such healthcare facility, the Principals
agree not to consent to the entry of any order with respect to any such Claim
or compromise or settle any such Claim without first obtaining Buyer\'s
written consent (which will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), subject
to Buyer\'s indemnification obligation arising if Buyer\'s involvement
increases the cost to Seller of the resolution of such Claim.   ARTICLE
XV.  INDEMNITY HOLDBACK AMOUNT ARRANGEMENTS   15.01. INDEMNITY HOLDBACK
PAYMENT.   (a) If Buyer delivers to Seller an Indemnity Notice and Seller
does not give written notice of its objection on or before the twentieth
Business Day thereafter (the "Indemnity Claim Objection Period"), the
Indemnity Holdback Amount will be reduced, as set forth in Section
15.01(b)(ii)(x), by the amount of such Claim (the amount of each such
reduction being an "Indemnity Holdback Payment Deduction") and shall be
considered to be paid to Buyer in satisfaction of the Claim set forth in the
Indemnity Notice. If Seller gives written notice of its objection to an
Indemnity Notice during the Indemnity Claim Objection Period, the Claim will
not give rise to an Indemnity Holdback Payment Deduction until Seller gives
written notice of its consent to such Claim or as provided in  
54   Section 15.01(c). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Agreement, Seller\'s obligations under Section 14.02 will not be limited to
the Indemnity Holdback Amount.   (b) On the date eighteen (18) months after
the Closing Date (the "Indemnity Holdback Payment Date"), Buyer and Seller
shall direct the Escrow Agent to release an amount of cash (the "Indemnity
Holdback Payment") to Buyer, equal to (i) the Indemnity Holdback Amount minus
(ii) the sum of (x) any Indemnity Holdback Payment Deductions and (y) the
amount of any additional Claims made by Buyer pursuant to an Indemnity Notice
that are pending or unresolved as of the Indemnity Holdback Payment Date.  
(c) If, on the Indemnity Holdback Payment Date, any amounts are withheld from
Seller under Section 15.01(b)(ii)(y) ("Withheld Amounts"), Buyer and Seller
shall direct the Escrow Agent to deliver such amounts to Seller when and to
the extent (i) Buyer gives written notice of its consent to make
such payments, (ii) Seller, in the case of Claims other than Third-Party
Claims, delivers to Buyer a final order of a court of competent jurisdiction
(a "Final Order"), or, if the parties agree to arbitration, an arbitrator
agreed to by the parties, with respect to such Claim ordering such payment or
(iii) in the case of Third-Party Claims, Buyer receives a Final Order
determining that the amounts payable by Buyer with respect to such Claims are
less than the Withheld Amounts with respect thereto. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Article XV, Seller will not be entitled to any
Withheld Amounts with respect to which Seller does not commence litigation,
or, if arbitration is agreed to by the parties, arbitration, on or before the
date six months after the Indemnity Holdback Payment Date other than Withheld
Amounts relating to Claims to the extent they arise from third-party claims
commenced against Buyer (or Buyer and Seller) ("Third-Party Claims").   (d)
Buyer shall, in any Indemnity Notice it delivers prior to the Indemnity
Holdback Payment Date, set forth the sum of (x) all Indemnity
Holdback Payment Deductions and (y) all additional Claims made by Buyer
pursuant to an Indemnity Notice that are pending or remain unresolved. In
addition, up to once per calendar quarter, upon the written request of
Seller, Buyer shall deliver a statement, signed by an officer of Buyer,
setting forth the sum remaining in the Indemnity Holdback Amount. Any amount
of the Indemnity Holdback Payment not required to be released by the Escrow
Agent to Seller under this Section 15.01 shall be released to Buyer on the
Indemnity Holdback Payment Date.   ARTICLE XVI.  COOPERATION IN VARIOUS
MATTERS   16.01. MUTUAL COOPERATION. After the Closing, the Seller Parties
and Buyer shall cooperate with each other as reasonably requested between
them in connection with the prosecution or defense of any claims or other
matters relating to the Business or the Purchased Assets. Such cooperation
shall include the furnishing of testimony and other evidence as reasonably
requested, permitting access to employees during normal business hours, upon
reasonable notice and without undue interruption and providing information
regarding the whereabouts of former employees.   55    16.02.
PRESERVATION OF SELLER PARTIES\' FILES AND RECORDS. For a period of six (6)
years after the Closing, the Seller Parties shall, and shall cause their
Subsidiaries, if any, to, preserve all files and records in their possession
relating directly and primarily to the Business, allow the Buyer Group access
to such files and records and the right to make copies and extracts therefrom
at the Buyer Group\'s expense at any time during normal business hours and
upon reasonable notice, and not dispose of any thereof, except that at
any time after the Closing, any Seller Party may, but shall not be required
to, give Buyer written notice of its intention to dispose of any records that
are more than six (6) years old, specifying the items to be disposed of in
reasonable detail. Any Buyer Entity may, within a period of sixty (60) days
after receipt of any such notice, notify such Seller Party of the Buyer
Group\'s desire to retain one or more of the items to be disposed of. Such
Seller Party shall, upon receipt of such a notice from the Buyer Group,
deliver such items as reasonably requested, at the Buyer Group\'s
expense.   ARTICLE XVII.  POST-CLOSING MATTERS   17.01. INFORMATION FOR
REPORTS. At the reasonable request of Seller, Buyer shall provide to Seller
on a timely basis, in such form as Seller may reasonably request, such
information relating to Seller and the Business for periods ending on or
prior to the Closing Date as Seller may require in order to enable it to
prepare financial, Tax and other reports and statements for such periods.  
17.02. FURTHER COOPERATION AND ASSISTANCE.   (a) The parties hereto will, at
any time and from time to time after the Closing Date, execute, acknowledge
and deliver, or cause to be executed, acknowledged and delivered, all such
further deeds, assignments, powers of attorney, instruments of conveyance,
transfer and license, and take such additional actions, as the other party or
their successor and/or assigns, may reasonably request, to effect,
consummate, confirm or evidence the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, including for the better assigning, transferring, granting,
conveying, assuring and confirming to Buyer any Purchased Assets.   (b) The
Seller Parties shall, after the Closing Date, cooperate and provide
assistance to Buyer on the terms and conditions set forth in the Transitional
Services Agreement.   (c) After the Closing Date, unless Buyer shall
otherwise agree in writing, Seller shall: accurately prepare and file in the
time periods prescribed therefor all Tax Returns with respect to income
attributable to the Business in the period prior to the Closing Date, and pay
when due all Taxes due and owing with respect thereto to the extent they may
create any encumbrance on any Asset, discharge all Retained Liabilities in
the Ordinary Course of Business in accordance with past practices and not use
the Seller IP.   17.03. PAYMENTS RECEIVED BY SELLER SUBSEQUENT TO THE
CLOSING DATE. From and after the Closing, Buyer shall have the right and
authority to endorse without recourse the name of Seller on any check or any
other evidences of indebtedness received by Buyer on account of the Business,
the Purchased Assets or the Assumed Liabilities. After the Closing, Seller
will hold and promptly   56   transfer and deliver to Buyer (in no event
later than five (5) days after receipt), from time to time, as and when
received, any cash, checks with appropriate endorsements or other property
that Seller may receive on or after the Closing which properly belongs to
Buyer and will account to Buyer for all such receipts.   17.04. PENDING
DISPUTES. Except as listed on SCHEDULE 17.04, from and after the Closing
Date, Buyer shall have complete control over the payment, settlement or other
disposition of, or any dispute involving, any customer of the Business and
any Purchased Asset, obligation or liability of Seller acquired or assumed by
Buyer pursuant hereto, and Buyer shall have the right to conduct and control
all negotiations and proceedings with respect thereto upon disclosing to and
consulting with Seller. Seller shall notify Buyer immediately of any claim
made with respect to any such customer, asset, obligation or liability and
shall not, except with the prior written consent of Buyer, make any payment
of, or settle or offer to settle, or consent to any compromise with respect
to, any such obligation or liability. Seller shall cooperate with Buyer in
any reasonable manner requested by Buyer in connection with any
negotiations or proceedings involving any such obligation or liability.  
ARTICLE XVIII.  EXPENSES   18.01. BUYER\'S AND SELLER PARTIES\' EXPENSES.
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Buyer Parties, on their
behalf, and the Seller Parties, on their behalf, shall pay the expenses
incurred by or on behalf of such party in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including, but not limited to, expenses in
connection with the preparation, authorization, execution and performance of
this Agreement and the Transaction Documents and all fees and expenses of
such party\'s brokers, finders, agents, representatives, counsel and
accountants.   18.02. TRANSFER TAXES. Buyer shall pay the cost of any sales,
transfer, value added, excise, recording, registration or similar Taxes (but
excluding any capital gains taxes or similar Taxes) applicable to the
transfer of the Purchased Assets pursuant to this Agreement.   ARTICLE
XIX.  NOTICES   19.01. NOTICES. All notices, requests, demands and other
communications required or permitted to be given under this Agreement or any
of the Transaction Documents shall be deemed to have been duly given if in
writing and delivered personally, delivered by facsimile transmission (upon
telephonic confirmation of receipt), or delivered by overnight courier or
first-class, postage prepaid, registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, addressed as follows:   57   If to the Seller
Parties:  Seller: Med-Staff, Inc. 4 Aronwold Lane Newtown Square, PA
19073 Attn: Mr. William G. Davis Fax No.: (610) 353-7850 E-mail address:
bdavis@medstaffinc.com  Shareholders: Mr. William G. Davis 4 Aronwold
Lane Newtown Square, PA 19073 Attn: Mr. William G. Davis Fax No.: (610)
353-7850 E-mail address: bdavis@medstaffinc.com  Davis Family Electing
Small Business Trust 4 Aronwold Lane Newtown Square, PA 19073 Attn: Mr.
William G. Davis Fax No.: (610) 353-7850 E-mail address:
bdavis@medstaffinc.com  And  Mr. Timothy Rodden 18 Castle Rock
Drive Havertown, PA 19083 Fax No.: (610) 353-7850 E-mail address:
trodden@medstaffinc.com  With, in any such case, a mandatory copy
to:  Ballard Spahr Andrews and Ingersoll, LLP 1735 Market Street, 51st
Floor Philadelphia, PA 19103 Attn: John B. Wright, II, Esquire Fax No.:
(215) 864-8999 E-mail address: wrightj@ballardspahr.com   58     ~~
   If to the Buyer Parties: With a copy to:  c/o Cross Country, Inc.
Proskauer Rose LLP 6551 Park of Commerce Blvd., N.W. 1585 Broadway Suite 200
New York, New York 10036 Boca Raton, FL 33487 Attn: Victor Kalafa Fax: (800)
565 9774 Attn: Stephen W. Rubin, Esq. Fax No.: (800) 551-7782 Fax No.: (212)
969-2900 E-mail address: vkalafa@crosscountry.com E-mail address:
srubin@proskauer.com   Any party may change the address to which such
communications are to be directed to it by giving written notice to the other
party in the manner provided above.   ARTICLE XX.  MISCELLANEOUS   20.01.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement and the Transaction Documents set forth the
entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof and thereof and supersede the Letter of Intent and all prior
agreements, arrangements and understandings relating thereto.
No representation, promise, inducement or statement of intention relating to
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement has been made by any party or
any Related Person which is not set forth in this Agreement or in the
Transaction Documents.   20.02. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New
York, excluding any conflict-of-laws provisions thereof that would otherwise
require the application of the law of any other jurisdiction.   20.03.
SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. This Agreement shall not be transferred or assigned
by any of the Seller Parties without the prior written consent of Buyer or by
Parent without the prior written consent of Seller. Any permitted assignee
shall assume, and shall agree to be bound by, all obligations of the assignor
to be performed under this Agreement from and after the date of
such assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns.   20.04. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVER. This Agreement may be amended,
superseded or canceled, and any of the terms hereof may be waived, only by a
written instrument specifically referring to this Agreement and specifically
stating that it amends, supersedes or cancels this Agreement or waives any of
its terms, executed by each of the Buyer Parties and each of the Seller
Parties. Failure of any party to insist upon strict compliance with any of
the terms of this Agreement in one or more instances shall not be deemed to
be a waiver of its rights to insist upon such compliance in the future, or
upon compliance with other terms hereof.   20.05. CAPTIONS. The captions
used in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not be
considered in the interpretation of the provisions hereof.   59   
20.06. EXPENSES. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement,
each party to this Agreement will bear its respective expenses incurred in
connection with the preparation, execution and performance of this Agreement
and the Contemplated Transactions, including all fees and expenses of agents,
representatives, counsel and accountants.   20.07. BINDING EFFECT. All of
the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to
the benefit of, and be enforceable by the parties and their respective legal
representatives, heirs, successors and permitted assigns, whether so
expressed or not.   20.08. THIRD PARTIES. Unless expressly stated herein to
the contrary, nothing in this Agreement, whether express or implied, is
intended to confer any rights or remedies under or by reason of this
Agreement on any persons other than the parties hereto and their respective
legal representatives, successors and permitted assigns. Nothing in this
Agreement is intended to relieve or discharge the obligation or liability of
any third persons to any party to this Agreement, nor shall any provision
give any third persons any right of subrogation or action over or against any
party to this Agreement.   20.09. SCHEDULES INCLUDED IN EXHIBITS;
INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE. Any reference to an Exhibit to this Agreement
contained herein shall be deemed to include any Schedules to such Exhibit.
Each of the Exhibits referred to in this Agreement (including Schedules
thereto), and each Schedule to this Agreement is hereby incorporated by
reference in this Agreement as if such Exhibits and Schedules were set out in
full in the text of this Agreement.   20.10. ARBITRATION. Any controversy or
claim between the Seller Parties and the Buyer Parties with respect to the
subject matter of this Agreement will be determined by binding arbitration in
accordance with the Federal Arbitration Act (or if not applicable, the
applicable state law) and the Expedited Procedures under the Commercial
Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association or such other rules
and procedures as the parties to the dispute may hereafter consent to in
writing. Judgment upon any arbitration award may be entered into in any court
having jurisdiction. Any party to this Agreement may bring an action,
including a summary or expedited proceeding, to compel arbitration of any
controversy or claim under this Agreement in any court having jurisdiction
over such action. The arbitration will be conducted in New York, New York by
a three-person panel and administered by the American
Arbitration Association. All arbitration hearings will commence within ninety
(90) days of the demand for arbitration. One arbitrator shall be appointed by
the Seller Parties and one arbitrator shall be appointed by the Buyer Parties
and, such arbitrators shall use commercially reasonable efforts to jointly
appoint a third arbitrator who has either a knowledge of the staffing
industry or knowledge of the healthcare industry. Further, the arbitrators
will only, upon a showing of cause, be permitted to extend the commencement
of such hearing for up to an additional sixty (60) days. Notwithstanding the
above, any party may seek equitable relief permitted by this Agreement from
any court of competent jurisdiction. The dispute that is the subject of such
request for equitable relief shall be submitted to arbitration in accordance
with this Section 20.10.   20.11. SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this
Agreement or any other agreement entered into pursuant hereto is contrary to,
prohibited by or deemed invalid under applicable law or regulation, such
provision shall be inapplicable   60   and deemed omitted to the extent
so contrary, prohibited or invalid, but the remainder hereof shall not be
invalidated thereby and shall be given full force and effect so far as
possible. If any provision of this Agreement may be construed in two or more
ways, one of which would render the provision invalid or otherwise voidable
or unenforceable and another of which would render the provision valid and
enforceable, such provision shall have the meaning which renders it valid and
enforceable.   20.12. COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in one or
more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of
which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
Confirmation of execution by electronic transmission of a facsimile signature
page shall be binding upon any party so confirming.   20.13. NO
CONSTRUCTION AGAINST DRAFTSMEN. The parties acknowledge that this is a
negotiated agreement, and that in no event shall the terms hereof
be construed against either party on the basis that such party, or its
counsel, drafted this Agreement.   20.14. ENFORCEMENT COSTS. If any civil
action, arbitration or other legal proceeding is brought for the enforcement
of this Agreement, or because of an alleged dispute, breach, default or
misrepresentation in connection with any provision of this Agreement, the
successful or prevailing party or parties shall be entitled to recover
reasonable attorneys\' fees, sales and use taxes, court costs and all
expenses even if not taxable as court costs (including, but not limited to,
all such fees, taxes, costs and expenses incident to arbitration, appellate,
bankruptcy and post-judgment proceedings), incurred in that civil action,
arbitration or legal proceeding, in addition to any other relief to which
such party or parties may be entitled. Attorneys\' fees shall include,
but not limited to, paralegal fees, investigative fees, administrative costs,
sales and use taxes and all other charges billed by the attorney to the
prevailing party.   20.15. EQUITABLE REMEDIES. Each of the parties
acknowledges that the parties will be irreparably damaged (and damages at law
would be an inadequate remedy) if this Agreement is not specifically
enforced. Therefore, in the event of a breach or Threatened breach by any
party of any provision of this Agreement, then the other parties shall be
entitled, in addition to all other rights or remedies, to an injunction
restraining such breach, without being required to show any actual damage or
to post an injunction bond, and/or to a decree for specific performance of
the provisions of this Agreement.   61    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.  CROSS
COUNTRY NURSES, INC.   By: /s/ Joseph A. Boshart 
----------------------- Name: Joseph A. Boshart Title: President  CROSS
COUNTRY, INC.  By: /s/ Joseph A. Boshart  ----------------------- Name:
Josheph A. Boshart Title: President  MED-STAFF, INC.   By: /s/ William
G. Davis  ----------------------- Name: William G. Davis Title:
CEO/President  DAVIS FAMILY SMALL BUSINESS ELECTING TRUST  By: /s/ William
G. Davis  ----------------------- Name: William G. Davis Title:
Trustee  /s/ William G. Davis --------------------------- William G.
Davis, individually   /s/ Timothy
Rodden --------------------------- Timothy Rodden, individually  
62    DAVIS FAMILY SMALL BUSINESS ELECTING TRUST  /s/ Deborah A.
Davis --------------------------- Deborah A. Davis  /s/ James
Davis --------------------------- James Davis      '

