 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER     EXECUTION
COPY        AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   DATED AS OF   APRIL 28,
2002   AMONG   ANTHEM, INC.,   AI SUB ACQUISITION CORP.   AND  
TRIGON HEALTHCARE, INC.       TABLE OF CONTENTS   PAGE   ARTICLE I
THE MERGER..........................................................1   1.1.
THE MERGER............................................................1  1.2.
CLOSING...............................................................2  1.3.
EFFECTIVE TIME........................................................2  1.4.
EFFECTS OF THE MERGER.................................................2  1.5.
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION.............................................2  1.6.
BY-LAWS...............................................................2  1.7.
OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS OF SURVIVING CORPORATION.......................2  1.8.
EFFECT ON CAPITAL STOCK...............................................3  1.9.
EXCHANGE AGENT........................................................3 
1.10. COMPANY STOCK OPTIONS AND RESTRICTED
STOCK............................3  1.11. CERTAIN
ADJUSTMENTS...................................................4  ARTICLE II
EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES...........................................5   2.1.
EXCHANGE FUND.........................................................5  2.2.
EXCHANGE PROCEDURES...................................................5  2.3.
DISTRIBUTIONS WITH RESPECT TO UNEXCHANGED SHARES......................6  2.4.
NO FURTHER OWNERSHIP RIGHTS IN COMPANY COMMON STOCK...................6  2.5.
NO FRACTIONAL SHARES OF PURCHASER COMMON STOCK........................6  2.6.
TERMINATION OF EXCHANGE FUND..........................................7  2.7.
NO LIABILITY..........................................................7  2.8.
INVESTMENT OF THE EXCHANGE FUND.......................................7  2.9.
LOST CERTIFICATES.....................................................7 
2.10. WITHHOLDING
RIGHTS....................................................7  2.11. FURTHER
ASSURANCES....................................................8  2.12. STOCK
TRANSFER BOOKS..................................................8  ARTICLE
III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES....................................8  
3.1. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER...........................8 
3.2. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF COMPANY............................15 
3.3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER  AND MERGER
SUB.....................................................30  ARTICLE IV
COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS.........................31   4.1.
CONDUCT OF BUSINESS OF COMPANY PENDING THE MERGER....................31  4.2.
CONDUCT OF BUSINESS OF PURCHASER PENDING THE MERGER..................34  4.3.
OPERATIONAL
MATTERS..................................................35  ARTICLE V
ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS..............................................36   5.1.
PREPARATION OF FORM S-4 AND THE JOINT PROXY STATEMENT;  STOCKHOLDERS
MEETINGS..............................................36  5.2. ACCOUNTANT\'S
LETTERS.................................................38  5.3. ACCESS TO
INFORMATION................................................38  5.4.
REASONABLE BEST EFFORTS..............................................39  5.5.
NO SOLICITATION OF TRANSACTIONS......................................40  5.6.
EMPLOYEE BENEFITS MATTERS............................................41  5.7.
DIRECTORS\' AND OFFICERS\' INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE...............43 
5.8. NOTIFICATION OF CERTAIN MATTERS......................................44 
5.9. PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS.................................................44 
5.10. LISTING OF SHARES OF PURCHASER COMMON
STOCK..........................44     PAGE   5.11.
AFFILIATES...........................................................45 
5.12. TRANSITION
TEAM......................................................45  5.13.
MANAGEMENT RESPONSIBILITIES..........................................45 
5.14. TAX-FREE REORGANIZATION
TREATMENT....................................45  5.15. REPRESENTATION ON
PURCHASER BOARD....................................45  5.16. OTHER
OBLIGATIONS....................................................46  ARTICLE
VI CONDITIONS PRECEDENT..............................................46  
6.1. CONDITIONS TO EACH PARTY\'S OBLIGATION TO EFFECT THE
MERGER...........46  6.2. ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF PURCHASER
AND  MERGER SUB.........................................................47 
6.3. ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF
COMPANY......................48  ARTICLE VII TERMINATION AND
AMENDMENT........................................49   7.1.
TERMINATION..........................................................49  7.2.
EFFECT OF TERMINATION................................................51  7.3.
FEES AND
EXPENSES....................................................51  ARTICLE VIII
GENERAL PROVISIONS..............................................53   8.1.
NON-SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AGREEMENTS...........53  8.2.
NOTICES..............................................................53  8.3.
INTERPRETATION.......................................................54  8.4.
COUNTERPARTS.........................................................54  8.5.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT; NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES.......................54  8.6.
GOVERNING LAW........................................................55  8.7.
SEVERABILITY.........................................................55  8.8.
AMENDMENT............................................................55  8.9.
EXTENSION; WAIVER....................................................55 
8.10.
ASSIGNMENT...........................................................55 
8.11. SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION;
WAIVERS..................................56  8.12.
ENFORCEMENT..........................................................56 
8.13.
DEFINITIONS..........................................................56    
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of April 28, 2002 (this "Agreement"),
among Anthem, Inc., an Indiana corporation ("Purchaser"), AI Sub Acquisition
Corp., an Indiana corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of
Purchaser ("Merger Sub"), and Trigon Healthcare, Inc., a Virginia
corporation ("Company").   WITNESSETH:   WHEREAS, the respective Boards
of Directors of Company and Purchaser deem it advisable and in the best
interests of each corporation and its respective stockholders that Company
and Purchaser engage in a business combination in order to advance the long-
term strategic business interests of Company and Purchaser;   WHEREAS, the
combination of Company and Purchaser shall be effected by the terms of this
Agreement through a merger as outlined below (the "Merger");   WHEREAS, in
furtherance thereof, the respective Boards of Directors of Company, Purchaser
and Merger Sub have approved or adopted this Agreement, pursuant to which
Company will be merged with and into Merger Sub on the terms and subject to
the conditions set forth in this Agreement, with each share of Class A common
stock, $0.01 par value, of Company ("Company Common Stock") issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (as defined in Section
1.3), other than Company Treasury Shares (as defined in Section 1.8(a)) and
shares of Company Common Stock owned by Purchaser or Merger Sub,
being converted into (as such amount may be increased as set forth in Section
7.1(i) hereof) the right to receive (i) $30.00 cash and (ii) 1.062 shares of
common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Purchaser ("Purchaser Common
Stock");   WHEREAS, for federal income tax purposes, it is intended that
the Merger shall qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section
368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations
promulgated thereunder (the "Code") and that this Agreement shall constitute
a plan of reorganization within the meaning of Sections 354 and 361 of the
Code; and   WHEREAS, as an inducement to and condition of Purchaser\'s
willingness to enter into this Agreement, Company and Purchaser have entered
into the Stock Option Agreement ("Option Agreement") in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit A.   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and
the respective representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set
forth in this Agreement, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the
parties hereto agree as follows:   ARTICLE I  THE MERGER   1.1. The
Merger. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement, and in accordance with the Virginia Stock Corporation
Act      ("VSCA") and the Indiana Business Corporation Law ("IBCL"),
Company shall be merged with and into Merger Sub at the Effective Time. Upon
consummation of the Merger, the separate corporate existence of Company shall
cease and Merger Sub shall continue as the surviving corporation (the
"Surviving Corporation") and shall change its name to Trigon Healthcare,
Inc.   1.2. Closing. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the
closing of the Merger and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
(the "Closing") will take place on the second Business Day after the
satisfaction or waiver (subject to applicable law) of the conditions set
forth in Article VI (other than any such conditions which by their terms
cannot be satisfied until the Closing Date, which shall be required to be so
satisfied or waived (subject to applicable law) on the Closing Date), unless
another time or date is agreed to in writing by the parties hereto (the
actual time and date of the Closing being referred to herein as the "Closing
Date"). The Closing shall be held at the offices of Baker and Daniels, 300
North Meridian Street, Suite 2700, Indianapolis, Indiana, unless another
place is agreed to in writing by the parties hereto.   1.3. Effective Time.
At the Closing, the parties shall file appropriate articles of merger (the
"Articles of Merger") in such form as is required by and executed in
accordance with the respective relevant provisions of the VSCA and the IBCL.
The Merger shall become effective at such time as the last to be filed of the
Articles of Merger are duly filed with the State Corporation Commission of
the Commonwealth of Virginia and the Secretary of State of the State
of Indiana or at such subsequent time as Purchaser and Company shall agree
and as shall be specified in the Articles of Merger (the date and time the
Merger becomes effective being the "Effective Time").   1.4. Effects of the
Merger. At and after the Effective Time, the Merger will have the effects set
forth in the VSCA and the IBCL. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time all the property,
rights, privileges, powers and franchises of Company and Merger Sub shall be
vested in the Surviving Corporation, and all debts, liabilities and duties of
Company and Merger Sub shall be the debts, liabilities and duties of the
Surviving Corporation.   1.5. Articles of Incorporation. Except as
contemplated by Section 1.1, the articles of incorporation of Merger Sub, as
in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the articles of
incorporation of the Surviving Corporation, until thereafter changed or
amended as provided therein or by applicable law.   1.6. By-Laws. At the
Effective Time and without any further action on the part of Company and
Merger Sub, the by-laws of Merger Sub shall be the by-laws of the Surviving
Corporation, until thereafter changed or amended or repealed as provided
therein or the articles of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation and by
applicable law.   1.7. Officers and Directors of Surviving Corporation. The
officers of Company as of the Effective Time shall be the officers of the
Surviving Corporation, until the earlier of their death, resignation or
removal or otherwise ceasing to be an officer or until their respective  
-2-    successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case may be. The
directors of Merger Sub as of the Effective Time shall serve as directors of
the Surviving Corporation until the earlier of their death, resignation or
removal or otherwise ceasing to be a director or until their respective
successors are duly elected and qualified.   1.8. Effect on Capital Stock.
As of the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on
the part of the holder of any shares of Company Common Stock:   (a) All
shares of Company Common Stock that are owned by Company  as treasury stock
(the "Company Treasury Shares") or by Purchaser or  Merger Sub shall be
canceled and retired and shall cease to exist and  no cash, Purchaser Common
Stock or other consideration shall be  delivered in exchange therefor.  
(b) Each share of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding  immediately
prior to the Effective Time (other than the Company  Treasury Shares and
shares of Company Common Stock owned by Purchaser  or Merger Sub), shall be
converted at the Effective Time into the right  to receive (as such amounts
may be increased as set forth in Section  7.1(i) hereof) (i) $30.00 in cash
(the "Cash Consideration") and (ii)  1.062 shares (the "Exchange Ratio") of
Purchaser Common Stock (the  "Merger Consideration"). Upon such conversion,
all such shares of  Company Common Stock shall no longer be outstanding and
shall  automatically be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and 
each Company Certificate (as defined in Section 1.9) shall thereafter 
represent the right to receive the Merger Consideration, cash for  fractional
shares in accordance with Section 2.5 and any dividends or  other
distributions pursuant to Section 2.3 upon the surrender of the  Company
Certificate in accordance with the terms hereof.   (c) Each share of common
stock, par value $0.01, of Merger Sub  (the "Merger Sub Common Stock")
outstanding immediately prior to the  Effective Time shall remain outstanding
and unchanged following the  Effective Time as shares of the Surviving
Corporation.   1.9. Exchange Agent. Prior to the Effective Time, Purchaser
shall appoint an exchange agent (the "Exchange Agent") for the purpose of
exchanging certificates which immediately prior to the Effective Time
evidenced shares of Company Common Stock (the "Company Certificates") for the
Merger Consideration.   1.10. Company Stock Options and Restricted Stock.
Company and Purchaser shall take all action reasonably necessary so that each
employee or director stock option exercisable for shares of Company Common
Stock (the "Company Stock Options") outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall have vested and become exercisable by the Effective Time
and shall be converted automatically at the Effective Time into an option to
purchase a number of shares of Purchaser Common Stock (a "Converted Option")
equal to the product of the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject
to such Company Stock Option multiplied by the Option Exchange Ratio
(provided that any fractional share resulting from such multiplication  
-3-    shall be rounded to the nearest whole share). The Option Exchange
Ratio shall mean the sum of (i) 1.062 (as such amount may be increased as set
forth in Section 7.1(i) hereof) and (ii) a fraction the numerator of which is
30 (as such amount may be increased as set forth in Section 7.1(i) hereof)
and the denominator of which is the closing trading price of Purchaser Common
Stock on the NYSE, as reported in the Wall Street Journal, Eastern Edition
(or such other source as the parties shall agree in writing), on the Business
Day prior to the Effective Time. The terms and conditions of the Converted
Option shall otherwise remain the same as the terms and conditions of the
Company Stock Option, except that the exercise price per share of each
Converted Option shall equal the exercise price per share of such Company
Stock Option divided by the Option Exchange Ratio (provided that such
exercise price shall be rounded to the nearest whole cent). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, each Company Stock Option which is intended to be an
"incentive stock option" (as defined under Section 422 of the Code) shall be
adjusted in accordance with the requirements of Section 424 of the Code.
Purchaser shall, as of the Effective Time, assume the obligations of Company
under all plans and agreements pursuant to which a Company Stock Option has
been issued and shall take all corporate action necessary to reserve for
issuance a sufficient number of shares of Purchaser Common Stock for delivery
upon exercise of the Converted Options. Purchaser shall use its reasonable
best efforts to cause the registration of the shares of Purchaser Common
Stock subject to the Converted Options to become effective as part of a
registration statement on Form S-8, no later than the Effective Time; and,
thereafter, Purchaser shall file one or more registration statements
on appropriate forms with respect to shares of Purchaser Common Stock subject
to the Converted Options and shall use its reasonable best efforts to
maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement or registration
statements, including the current status of any related prospectus, for so
long as the Converted Options remain outstanding. Company and Purchaser shall
take all such steps within their control as may be required to cause the
transactions contemplated by this Section 1.10 and any other deemed
dispositions of Company equity securities (including derivative securities)
or deemed acquisitions of Purchaser equity securities (including derivative
securities) in connection with this Agreement by each individual who (i) is a
director or officer of Company or (ii) at the Effective Time will become a
director or officer of Purchaser, to become exempt from liability under
Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act pursuant to Rule 16b-3 thereunder. As soon
as practicable after the Effective Time, Purchaser shall deliver or cause to
be delivered to each holder of Converted Options an appropriate notice
setting forth such holder\'s rights pursuant to any stock option or similar
plan of the Company (the "Company Stock Option Plans") and agreements
evidencing the grants of such Converted Options, after giving effect to the
transactions hereunder. All shares of restricted Company Common Stock held by
current or former employees or directors of Company immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall vest automatically at the Effective Time.   1.11.
Certain Adjustments. If, between the date of this Agreement and the Effective
Time, the outstanding Purchaser Common Stock or Company Common Stock shall
have been changed into a different number of shares or different class by
reason of any reclassification, recapitalization, stock split, split-up,
combination or exchange of shares or a stock dividend or dividend payable in
any other securities shall be declared with a record date within such period,
or any similar event shall have occurred, the Merger Consideration and the
Option Exchange Ratio shall be appropriately adjusted to provide to
the holders of Company Common Stock and    -4-    Company Stock
Options the same economic effect as contemplated by this Agreement prior to
such event.    ARTICLE II  EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES   2.1. Exchange
Fund. At or prior to the Effective Time, Purchaser shall deposit with the
Exchange Agent, in trust for the benefit of holders of shares of Company
Common Stock, (i) certificates representing the Purchaser Common Stock
issuable pursuant to Section 1.8 and (ii) cash sufficient to pay the
cash portion of the Merger Consideration. Purchaser agrees to make available
to the Exchange Agent from time to time as needed, additional cash sufficient
to pay cash in lieu of fractional shares pursuant to Section 2.5 and any
dividends and other distributions pursuant to Section 2.3. Any cash and
certificates of Purchaser Common Stock deposited with the Exchange Agent
shall hereinafter be referred to as the "Exchange Fund."   2.2. Exchange
Procedures. Within five Business Days after the Effective Time, the Surviving
Corporation shall cause the Exchange Agent to mail to each holder of a
Company Certificate (i) a letter of transmittal which shall specify that
delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the
Company Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of the Company
Certificates to the Exchange Agent, and which letter shall be in customary
form and have such other provisions as Purchaser may reasonably specify and
(ii) instructions for effecting the surrender of such Company Certificates in
exchange for the Merger Consideration. Upon surrender of a Company
Certificate to the Exchange Agent together with such letter of transmittal,
duly executed and completed in accordance with the instructions thereto, and
such other documents as may reasonably be required by the Exchange Agent, the
holder of such Company Certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange
therefor (A) one or more shares of Purchaser Common Stock (which shall be in
uncertificated book-entry form unless a physical certificate is requested)
representing, in the aggregate, the whole number of shares that such holder
has the right to receive pursuant to Sections 1.8 and (B) a check for the
cash portion of the Merger Consideration and for the cash that such holder
has the right to receive pursuant to the provisions of this Article II,
including cash in lieu of any fractional shares of Purchaser Common Stock
pursuant to Section 2.5 and dividends and other distributions pursuant to
Section 2.3. No interest will be paid or will accrue on any cash payable for
the cash portion of the Merger Consideration or pursuant to Section 2.3 or
Section 2.5. In the event of a transfer of ownership of Company Common Stock
which is not registered in the transfer records of Company, one or more
shares of Purchaser Common Stock evidencing, in the aggregate, the proper
number of shares of Purchaser Common Stock and a check for the cash portion
of the Merger Consideration, the cash in lieu of any fractional shares of
Purchaser Common Stock pursuant to Section 2.5 and any dividends or
other distributions to which such holder is entitled pursuant to Section 2.3,
may be issued with respect to such Company Common Stock to such a transferee
if the Company Certificate representing such shares of Company Common Stock
is presented to the Exchange Agent, accompanied by all documents required
to evidence and effect such transfer and to evidence that any applicable
stock transfer taxes have been paid.   -5-     2.3. Distributions with
Respect to Unexchanged Shares. No dividends or other distributions declared
or made with respect to shares of Purchaser Common Stock with a record date
after the Effective Time shall be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered
Company Certificate with respect to the shares of Purchaser Common Stock that
such holder would be entitled to receive upon surrender of such Company
Certificate until such holder shall surrender such Company Certificate in
accordance with Section 2.2. Subject to the effect of applicable laws,
following surrender of any such Company Certificate, there shall be paid to
such holder of shares of Purchaser Common Stock issuable in
exchange therefor, without interest, (a) promptly after the time of such
surrender, the amount of dividends or other distributions with a record date
after the Effective Time but prior to such surrender and a payment date prior
to such surrender payable with respect to such shares of Purchaser Common
Stock and (b) at the appropriate payment date, the amount of dividends or
other distributions with a record date after the Effective Time but prior to
such surrender and a payment date subsequent to such surrender payable with
respect to such shares of Purchaser Common Stock.   2.4. No Further
Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock. All shares of Purchaser Common
Stock issued and cash paid upon conversion of shares of Company Common Stock
in accordance with the terms of Article I and this Article II (including any
cash paid pursuant to Sections 2.3 or 2.5) shall be deemed to have been
issued or paid in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to the shares of
Company Common Stock. Until surrendered as contemplated by this Article II,
each Company Certificate shall be deemed at any time after the Effective Time
to represent only the right to receive upon such surrender the Merger
Consideration (and any cash to be paid pursuant to Sections 2.3 or 2.5).  
2.5. No Fractional Shares of Purchaser Common Stock.   (a) No certificates
or scrip or shares of Purchaser Common Stock  representing fractional shares
of Purchaser Common Stock or book-entry  credit of the same shall be issued
upon the surrender for exchange of  Company Certificates and such fractional
share interests will not  entitle the owner thereof to vote or to have any
rights of a  stockholder of Purchaser or a holder of shares of Purchaser
Common  Stock.   (b) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement,
each  holder of shares of Company Common Stock exchanged pursuant to the 
Merger who would otherwise have been entitled to receive a fraction of  a
share of Purchaser Common Stock (after taking into account all  Company
Certificates delivered by such holder) shall receive, in lieu  thereof, cash
(without interest) in an amount equal to the product of  (i) such fractional
part of a share of Purchaser Common Stock  multiplied by (ii) the closing
price for a share of Purchaser Common  Stock on the New York Stock Exchange,
Inc. ("NYSE") Composite  Transactions Tape on the date of the Effective Time
or, if such date is  not a Business Day, the Business Day immediately before
the date on  which the Effective Time occurs. As promptly as practicable
after the  determination of the amount of cash, if any, to be paid to holders
of  fractional interests, the Exchange Agent shall so notify Purchaser, and 
Purchaser shall cause the Surviving Corporation to deposit such amount  with
the Exchange Agent and shall cause the Exchange Agent to forward  
-6-     payments to such holders of fractional interests subject to and
in  accordance with the terms hereof.   2.6. Termination of Exchange Fund.
Any portion of the Exchange Fund which remains undistributed to the holders
of Company Certificates twelve months after the Effective Time shall be
delivered to Purchaser or otherwise on the instruction of Purchaser and any
holders of the Company Certificates who have not theretofore complied with
this Article II shall thereafter look only to the Surviving Corporation and
Purchaser for the Merger Consideration with respect to the shares of Company
Common Stock formerly represented thereby to which such holders are entitled
pursuant to Section 1.8 and Section 2.2, any cash in lieu of fractional
shares of Purchaser Common Stock to which such holders are entitled pursuant
to Section 2.5 and any dividends or distributions with respect to shares of
Purchaser Common Stock to which such holders are entitled pursuant to Section
2.3.   2.7. No Liability. None of Purchaser, Merger Sub, Company,
the Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent shall be liable to any Person
in respect of any Merger Consideration from the Exchange Fund delivered to a
public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or
similar law.   2.8. Investment of the Exchange Fund. The Exchange Agent
shall invest any cash included in the Exchange Fund as directed by Purchaser
on a daily basis. Any interest and other income resulting from such
investments shall promptly be paid to Purchaser.   2.9. Lost Certificates.
If any Company Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon
the making of an affidavit of that fact by the Person claiming such Company
Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by the Surviving
Corporation, the posting by such Person of a bond in such reasonable amount
as the Surviving Corporation may direct as indemnity against any claim that
may be made against it with respect to such Company Certificate, the Exchange
Agent will deliver in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Company
Certificate the applicable Merger Consideration with respect to the shares of
Company Common Stock formerly represented thereby, any cash in lieu of
fractional shares of Purchaser Common Stock, and unpaid dividends and
distributions on shares of Purchaser Common Stock deliverable in respect
thereof, in each case, pursuant to this Agreement.   2.10. Withholding
Rights. Each of the Surviving Corporation and Purchaser shall be entitled to
deduct and withhold from the consideration otherwise payable pursuant to this
Agreement to any holder of shares of Company Common Stock such amounts as it
is required to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such payment
under the Code, or any provision of state, local or foreign tax law. To the
extent that amounts are so withheld by the Surviving Corporation or
Purchaser, as the case may be, such withheld amounts shall be treated for all
purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the holder of the shares of
Company Common Stock in respect of which such deduction and withholding was
made by the Surviving Corporation or Purchaser, as the case may be, and such
amounts shall be delivered by the Surviving Corporation or Purchaser, as the
case may be, to the applicable taxing authority.   -7-     2.11. Further
Assurances. At and after the Effective Time, the officers and directors of
the Surviving Corporation will be authorized to execute and deliver, in the
name and on behalf of Company or Merger Sub, any deeds, bills of sale,
assignments or assurances and to take and do, in the name and on behalf
of Company or Merger Sub, any other actions and things to vest, perfect or
confirm of record or otherwise in the Surviving Corporation any and all
right, title and interest in, to and under any of the rights, properties or
assets acquired or to be acquired by the Surviving Corporation as a result
of, or in connection with, the Merger.   2.12. Stock Transfer Books. The
stock transfer books of Company shall be closed immediately upon the
Effective Time and there shall be no further registration of transfers of
shares of Company Common Stock thereafter on the records of Company. On or
after the Effective Time, any Company Certificates presented to the Exchange
Agent or Purchaser for any reason shall be converted into the Merger
Consideration with respect to the shares of Company Common Stock formerly
represented thereby, any cash in lieu of fractional shares of
Purchaser Common Stock to which the holders thereof are entitled pursuant to
Section 2.5 and any dividends or other distributions to which the holders
thereof are entitled pursuant to Section 2.3.    ARTICLE III 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES   3.1. Representations and Warranties of
Purchaser. Purchaser represents and warrants to Company as follows:   (a)
Organization, Standing and Power; Subsidiaries. Each of  Purchaser and each
of its material Subsidiaries (as defined in Section  8.13) is a corporation
duly organized, validly existing and in good  standing under the laws of its
respective jurisdiction of incorporation  or organization, has the requisite
power and authority to own, lease  and operate its properties and to carry on
its business as now being  conducted, except where the failure to be so
organized, existing and in  good standing or to have such power and authority
would not reasonably  be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,
a Material  Adverse Effect on Purchaser, and is duly qualified and in good
standing  to do business in each jurisdiction in which the nature of its
business  or the ownership or leasing of its properties makes such
qualification  necessary, other than in such jurisdictions where the failure
so to  qualify or to be in good standing would not reasonably be expected
to  have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on 
Purchaser. The copies of the articles of incorporation and by-laws of 
Purchaser which were previously furnished or made available to Company  are
true, complete and correct copies of such documents as in effect on  the date
of this Agreement.   (b) Capital Structure. The authorized capital stock of
Purchaser  consists of (i) 900,000,000 shares of Purchaser Common Stock of
which  103,323,299 shares were issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2002
and  (ii) 100,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, without par value, none of 
which are outstanding. Since March 31, 2002 to the date of this  Agreement,
there have been no issuances of shares of the capital stock   -8-     of
Purchaser or any other securities of Purchaser other than issuances  of
shares pursuant to the demutualization of Purchaser\'s Subsidiary and 
pursuant to options or rights outstanding as of March 31, 2002 under  the
Benefit Plans (as defined in Section 8.13) of Purchaser. All issued  and
outstanding shares of the capital stock of Purchaser are duly  authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and no class  of capital stock
is entitled to (or has been issued in violation of)  preemptive rights. There
were outstanding as of March 31, 2002 no  options, warrants or other rights
to acquire capital stock from  Purchaser other than options, restricted stock
and share equivalents  representing in the aggregate the right to purchase no
more than  1,500,000 shares of Purchaser Common Stock and contracts included
in  Purchaser\'s 6% Equity Security Units issued on November 2, 2001 to 
purchase up to 6,394,000 shares of Purchaser Common Stock. All shares  of
Purchaser Common Stock to be issued in connection with the Merger  and the
other transactions contemplated hereby (including without  limitation all
shares of Purchaser Common Stock to be issued upon  exercise of the Converted
Options) will, when issued in accordance with  the terms hereof, have been
duly authorized, validly issued, full paid  and non-assessable, free and
clear of all Liens. Section 3.1(b) of the  Purchaser Disclosure Schedule
delivered by Purchaser to Company prior  to the execution of this Agreement
(each section of which qualifies the  correspondingly numbered representation
and warranty or covenant to the  extent specified therein and any other
representation and warranty to  which its relevance is reasonably apparent)
(the "Purchaser Disclosure  Schedule") sets forth a complete and correct
list, as of the date  hereof, of the number of shares of Purchaser Common
Stock subject to  options or other rights to purchase or receive Purchaser
Common Stock  granted under Benefit Plans of Purchaser. As of the date
hereof, there  are no stockholder agreements, voting trusts or other
agreements or  understandings to which Purchaser is a party or by which it is
bound  relating to the voting of any shares of the capital stock of 
Purchaser, other than proxies outstanding in connection with  Purchaser\'s
annual meeting of stockholders to be held in May of 2002.   (c) Authority,
No Conflicts.   (i) Purchaser has all requisite corporate power and
authority  to enter into this Agreement and the Option Agreement and to 
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby,  including,
without limitation, the issuance of the shares of  Purchaser Common Stock to
be issued in the Merger (the "Share  Issuance") and upon the exercise of
Converted Options, subject in  the case of the consummation of the Share
Issuance to the Required  Purchaser Vote (as defined in Section 3.1(g)). The
execution and  delivery of this Agreement and the Option Agreement and the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby  have been
duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the  part of Purchaser,
subject in the case of the consummation of the  Share Issuance to the
Required Purchaser Vote. This Agreement and  the Option Agreement have been
duly executed and delivered by  Purchaser and, assuming that this Agreement
and the Option  Agreement constitute the valid and binding agreements of
Company,  constitute valid and binding agreements of Purchaser,
enforceable   -9-     against it in accordance with their respective
terms, except as  such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency,  reorganization, moratorium and similar laws relating to or 
affecting creditors generally or by general equity principles  (regardless of
whether such enforceability is considered in a  proceeding in equity or at
law) or by an implied covenant of good  faith and fair dealing.   (ii) The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the  Option Agreement by
Purchaser does not or will not, as the case  may be, and the consummation by
Purchaser of the Merger and the  other transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby will not,  conflict with, or result in any violation of, or
constitute a  default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both)
under,  or give rise to a right of termination, amendment, cancellation or 
acceleration of any obligation or the loss of a material benefit  under, or
the creation of a Lien on any assets (any such conflict,  violation, default,
right of termination, amendment, cancellation  or acceleration, loss or
creation, is hereinafter referred to as a  "Violation") pursuant to: (A) any
provision of the articles of  incorporation or by-laws of Purchaser or any
material Subsidiary  of Purchaser or (B) except as set forth in Section
3.1(c) of the  Purchaser Disclosure Schedule or as would not reasonably be 
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material  Adverse
Effect on Purchaser, and subject to obtaining or making  the consents,
approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations,  declarations and filings
referred to in paragraph (iii) below, any  loan or credit agreement, note,
mortgage, bond, indenture, lease,  benefit plan or other agreement,
obligation, instrument, permit,  concession, franchise, license, judgment,
order, decree, statute,  law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to
Purchaser or any  material Subsidiary of Purchaser, or their respective
properties  or assets.   (iii) No consent, approval, order or authorization
of, or  registration, declaration or filing with, any supranational, 
national, state, municipal, local or foreign government, any 
instrumentality, subdivision, court, administrative agency or  commission or
other authority thereof, or any quasi-governmental  or private body
exercising any regulatory, taxing, importing or  other governmental or quasi-
governmental authority (a  "Governmental Entity"), is required by or with
respect to  Purchaser or any Subsidiary of Purchaser in connection with the 
execution and delivery of this Agreement by Purchaser or Merger  Sub, the
Option Agreement by Purchaser or the consummation of the  Merger and the
other transactions contemplated hereby or thereby,  except for those required
under or in relation to (A) the  Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act
of 1976, as amended  (the "HSR Act"), (B) state securities or "blue sky" laws
(the  "Blue Sky Laws"), (C) the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and  the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the "Securities  Act"), (D) the
Exchange Act; (E) the VSCA and the IBCL with  respect to the filing of the
Articles of Merger, (F) rules and  regulations of the NYSE, (G) the Virginia
State Corporation  Commission and the Indiana Department of Insurance and (H)
such  consents, approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations, 
declarations and filings the failure of which to make   -10-     or
obtain would not reasonably be expected to have, individually  or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Purchaser.  Consents, approvals,
orders, authorizations, registrations,  declarations and filings required
under or in relation to any of  the foregoing clauses (A) through (G) are
hereinafter referred to  as "Necessary Consents."   (d) Reports and
Financial Statements.   (i) Purchaser has filed or will file prior to
Closing all  required registration statements, prospectuses, reports, 
schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be  filed by it
with the SEC since January 1, 2001 until the Closing  (collectively,
including all exhibits thereto, the "Purchaser SEC  Reports"). No Subsidiary
of Purchaser is required to file any  form, report, registration statement,
prospectus or other  document with the SEC. None of the Purchaser SEC
Reports, as of  their respective dates (and, if amended or superseded by a
filing  prior to the date of this Agreement or the Closing Date, then on 
the date of such filing), contained or will contain any untrue  statement of
a material fact or omitted or will omit to state a  material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary to make  the statements therein, in light of
the circumstances under which  they were made, not misleading. Each of the
financial statements  (including the related notes) included in the Purchaser
SEC  Reports presents fairly, in all material respects, the  consolidated
financial position and consolidated results of  operations and cash flows of
Purchaser and its Subsidiaries as of  the respective dates or for the
respective periods set forth  therein, all in conformity with generally
accepted accounting  principles ("GAAP") applied on a consistent basis
throughout the  periods involved except as otherwise noted therein, and
subject,  in the case of the unaudited interim financial statements, to 
normal and recurring adjustments that were not or are not  expected to be
material in amount, and lack of footnote  disclosure. All of such Purchaser
SEC Reports, as of their  respective dates (and as of the date of any
amendment to the  respective Purchaser SEC Report), complied as to form in
all  material respects with the applicable requirements of the  Securities
Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations  promulgated
thereunder.   (ii) Except (A) to the extent reflected in the balance sheet 
of Purchaser included in the Purchaser SEC Reports last filed  prior to the
date hereof, (B) as set forth in Section 3.1(d) of  the Purchaser Disclosure
Schedule or (C) incurred in the ordinary  course of business since the date
of the balance sheet referred to  in the preceding clause (A), Purchaser does
not have any  liabilities or obligations of any nature, whether known or 
unknown, absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise and whether  due or to
become due, that have or would reasonably be expected to  have, individually
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect  on Purchaser.  
-11-     (e) Information Supplied.   (i) None of the information
supplied or to be supplied by  Purchaser or Merger Sub for inclusion or
incorporation by  reference in (A) the registration statement on Form S-4 to
be  filed with the SEC by Purchaser in connection with the Share  Issuance,
or any of the amendments or supplements thereto  (collectively, the "Form
S-4") will, at the time the Form S-4 is  filed with the SEC, at any time it
is amended or supplemented or  at the time it becomes effective under the
Securities Act, contain  any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any  material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make 
the statements therein not misleading, and (B) the joint proxy  statement for
use relating to the approval by the stockholders of  Company of this
Agreement and by the stockholders of Purchaser  approving the Share Issuance,
or any of the amendments or  supplements thereto (collectively, the "Joint
Proxy Statement")  will, on the date it is first mailed to Company
stockholders and  Purchaser stockholders or at the time of the Company
Stockholders  Meeting (as defined in Section 5.1(b)) and the Purchaser 
Stockholders Meeting (as defined in Section 5.1(e)), contain any  untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material  fact required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make  the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which  they were made, not misleading. The
Form S-4 will comply as to  form in all material respects with the
requirements of the  Exchange Act and the Securities Act and the rules and
regulations  of the SEC thereunder.   (ii) Notwithstanding the foregoing
provisions of this Section  3.1(e), no representation or warranty is made by
Purchaser with  respect to statements made or incorporated by reference in
the  Form S-4 or the Joint Proxy Statement based on information  supplied by
Company.   (f) Board Approval. The Board of Directors of Purchaser, by 
resolutions duly adopted at a meeting duly called and held and not 
subsequently rescinded or modified in any way (the "Purchaser Board 
Approval"), has unanimously approved this Agreement and the Option  Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby,  including the
Merger.   (g) Vote Required. The affirmative vote of a majority of the 
votes cast by the holders of Purchaser Common Stock at the Purchaser 
Stockholders Meeting, provided that the total vote cast represents over  50%
in interest of all securities entitled to vote, in favor of the  Share
Issuance ("Required Purchaser Vote") is the only vote of the  holders of any
class or series of Purchaser capital stock necessary to  consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby.   (h) Brokers or Finders. No agent,
broker, investment banker,  financial advisor or other firm or Person is or
will be entitled to any  broker\'s or finder\'s fee or any other similar
commission or fee in  connection with any of the transactions
contemplated   -12-     by this Agreement, based upon arrangements made
by or on behalf of  Purchaser, except Goldman, Sachs and Co. (the "Purchaser
Financial  Advisor"), whose fees and expenses will be paid by Purchaser in 
accordance with Purchaser\'s agreement with such firm.   (i) Company Stock.
Neither Purchaser nor any of its Subsidiaries  (including Merger Sub) is, nor
at any time during the last three years  has any of such been, an "interested
shareholder" of Company as defined  in Article 14 of the VSCA. Neither
Purchaser nor any of its  Subsidiaries (including Merger Sub) owns, (directly
or indirectly,  beneficially or of record) and none of them is a party to
any  agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose of acquiring, 
holding, voting or disposing of, in each case, any shares of capital  stock
of Company (other than as contemplated by this Agreement and the  Option
Agreement).   (j) Litigation, Compliance with Laws.   (i) Except as
disclosed in the Purchaser SEC Reports filed  prior to the date of this
Agreement or as set forth in Section  3.1(j) of the Purchaser Disclosure
Schedule, there is no suit,  action, investigation or proceeding pending or,
to the knowledge  of Purchaser, threatened, against or affecting Purchaser or
any  Subsidiary of Purchaser having, or which would reasonably be  expected
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material  Adverse Effect on
Purchaser, nor is there any judgment, decree,  injunction, rule or order of
any Governmental Entity or arbitrator  outstanding against Purchaser or any
Subsidiary of Purchaser  having, or which reasonably would be expected to
have,  individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on 
Purchaser.   (ii) Except as disclosed in the Purchaser SEC Reports filed 
prior to the date of this Agreement and except as would not  reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,  a Material Adverse
Effect on Purchaser, Purchaser and its  Subsidiaries hold all permits,
licenses, variances, exemptions,  orders and approvals of all Governmental
Entities necessary for  the operation of the businesses of Purchaser and its
Subsidiaries,  taken as a whole (the "Purchaser Permits"). Purchaser and
its  Subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms of the Purchaser 
Permits, except where the failure to so comply would not  reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,  a Material Adverse
Effect on Purchaser. Except as disclosed in the  Purchaser SEC Reports filed
prior to the date of this Agreement,  the businesses of Purchaser and its
Subsidiaries are not being  conducted in violation of, and Purchaser has not
received any  notices of violations with respect to, any law, ordinance or 
regulation of any Governmental Entity, except for possible  violations which
would not reasonably be expected to have,  individually or in the aggregate,
a Material Adverse Effect on  Purchaser.   (iii) Purchaser is in compliance
in all material respects  with all material rules and regulations of the
BCBSA.   -13-     (k) Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Except for
liabilities  incurred in connection with this Agreement and the Option
Agreement or  the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, since December
31,  2001 there has not been any change, circumstance or event which has 
had, or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the 
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Purchaser.   (l) Opinion of
Purchaser Financial Advisor. The Board of Directors  of Purchaser has
received the opinion of Purchaser Financial Advisor,  dated the date of this
Agreement, to the effect that, as of such date,  the Merger Consideration is
fair, from a financial point of view, to  Purchaser, a copy of which opinion
will promptly be made available to  Company after receipt by Purchaser.  
(m) Taxes. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have,  individually
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on  Purchaser, or as set forth
in Section 3.1(m) of the Purchaser  Disclosure Schedule, Purchaser and each
of its Subsidiaries (i) have  prepared in good faith and duly and timely
filed (taking into account  any extension of time within which to file) all
Tax Returns (as defined  below) required to be filed by any of them and all
such filed Tax  Returns are complete and accurate in all material respects;
(ii) have  paid all Taxes that are shown as due and payable on such filed
Tax  Returns or that Purchaser or any of its Subsidiaries are obligated to 
pay without the filing of a Tax Return; (iii) have paid all other 
assessments received to date in respect of Taxes other than those being 
contested in good faith for which provision has been made in accordance  with
GAAP on the most recent balance sheet included in Purchaser\'s  Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001; (iv)  have withheld from
amounts owing to any employee, creditor or other  Person all Taxes required
by law to be withheld and have paid over to  the proper governmental
authority in a timely manner all such withheld  amounts to the extent due and
payable; (v) have not waived any  applicable statute of limitations with
respect to United States federal  or state income or franchise Taxes and have
not otherwise agreed to any  extension of time with respect to a United
States federal or state  income or franchise Tax assessment or deficiency;
(vi) have never been  members of any consolidated group for United States
federal income tax  purposes other than the consolidated group of which
Purchaser is the  common parent; and (vii) are not parties to any tax sharing
agreement  or arrangement other than with each other. Except as would not 
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a  Material
Adverse Effect on Purchaser, no liens for Taxes exist with  respect to any of
the assets or properties of Purchaser or its  Subsidiaries, except for
statutory liens for Taxes not yet due or  payable or that are being contested
in good faith. Purchaser has made  available to Company true and correct
copies of all material federal,  state and local Tax Returns filed by
Purchaser and its Subsidiaries on  which the statute of limitations has not
expired. None of Purchaser or  its Subsidiaries has been a party to a Section
355 transaction that  could give rise to a Tax liability pursuant to Section
355(e) of the  Code. Except as set forth in Section 3.1(m) of the Purchaser
Disclosure  Schedule, there are not being conducted or threatened in writing
any  material audits, examinations, investigations, litigation, or other 
proceedings in respect of Taxes of Purchaser or any Subsidiary; and  none of
Purchaser or its Subsidiaries has any material deferred gains   -14-    
created by any other transaction, or has any material excess loss  accounts.
Purchaser is not aware of any fact or circumstance that could  reasonably be
expected to prevent the Merger from qualifying as a  reorganization within
the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.   (n) Financing. Purchaser has
provided to Company a copy of an  executed financing commitment letter
related to this Agreement and the  transactions contemplated hereby.
Purchaser will have available to it  on the Closing Date sufficient funds to
enable it to consummate the  transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  
(o) Accounting and Financial Matters. Since January 1, 2001,  Purchaser has
not received written notice from the SEC or any other  Governmental Entity
that any of its accounting policies or practices  are or may be the subject
of any review, inquiry, investigation or  challenge by the SEC or other
Governmental Entity other than comments  received from the staff of the SEC
in connection with the initial  public offering of Purchaser Common Stock.
Since January 1, 2001,  Purchaser\'s independent public accounting firm has
not informed  Purchaser that it has any material questions, challenges or 
disagreements regarding or pertaining to Purchaser\'s accounting  policies or
practices. Since January 1, 2001, no officer or director of  Purchaser has
received, or is entitled to receive, any material  compensation from any
entity that has engaged in or is engaging in any  material transaction with
the Purchaser or any of its Subsidiaries. Set  forth on Section 3.1(o) of the
Purchaser Disclosure Schedule is a list  of all off-balance sheet special
purpose entities and financing  arrangements of Purchasers and its
Subsidiaries.   3.2. Representations and Warranties of Company. Company
represents and warrants to Purchaser as follows:   (a) Organization,
Standing and Power; Subsidiaries.   (i) Each of Company and each of its
Subsidiaries is a  corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing  under the laws of its respective jurisdiction of incorporation or 
organization, has the requisite power and authority to own, lease  and
operate its properties and to carry on its business as now  being conducted,
except where the failure to be so organized,  existing and in good standing
or to have such power and authority  would not reasonably be expected to
have, individually or in the  aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on
Company, and is duly  qualified and in good standing to do business in each
jurisdiction  in which the nature of its business or the ownership or leasing
of  its properties makes such qualification necessary, other than in  such
jurisdictions where the failure so to qualify or to be in  good standing
would not reasonably be expected to have,  individually or in the aggregate,
a Material Adverse Effect on  Company. The copies of the articles of
incorporation and by-laws  of Company and its material Subsidiaries which
were previously  furnished or made available to Purchaser are true, complete
and  correct copies of such documents as in effect on the date of this 
Agreement.   -15-     (ii) Except as set forth in Section 3.2(a) of the
Company  Disclosure Schedule delivered by Company to Purchaser prior to the 
execution of this Agreement (each section of which qualifies the 
correspondingly numbered representation and warranty or covenant  to the
extent specified therein and any other representation and  warranty to which
its relevance is reasonably apparent) (the  "Company Disclosure Schedule"),
all the outstanding shares of  capital stock of, or other equity interests
in, each Subsidiary  have been validly issued and are fully paid and
nonassessable and  are owned directly or indirectly by Company, free and
clear of all  Liens and free of any other restriction (including any
restriction  on the right to vote, sell or otherwise dispose of such
capital  stock or other ownership interests). Except as explicitly set 
forth in the Company SEC Reports (as defined in Section 3.2(d)) or  in
Section 3.2(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither  Company nor any
of its Subsidiaries directly or indirectly owns  any equity or similar
interest in, or any interest convertible  into or exchangeable or exercisable
for, any corporation,  partnership, joint venture or other business
association or  entity, that is or would reasonably be expected to be
material to  Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.   (b) Capital
Structure.   (i) The authorized capital stock of Company consists of (A) 
300,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock, of which 35,786,194  shares were
outstanding (which amount includes all shares of  restricted Company Common
Stock outstanding) as of the date  hereof, (B) 300,000,000 shares of Class B
common stock, par value  $0.01 per share, of which no shares are outstanding,
(C)  75,000,000 shares of Class C common stock par value $0.01 per  share,
of which no shares are outstanding, and (D) 50,000,000  shares of Preferred
Stock, without par value, none of which are  outstanding and 3,000,000 shares
of which have been designated  Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock
and reserved for  issuance upon exercise of the rights (the "Company
Rights")  distributed to the holders of Company Common Stock pursuant to
the  Rights Agreement, dated as of July 16, 1997 (the "Company Rights 
Agreement"), between Company and First Chicago Trust Company of  New York, as
Rights Agent. All issued and outstanding shares of  the capital stock of
Company are duly authorized, validly issued,  fully paid and nonassessable,
and no capital stock is entitled to  (or was issued in violation of)
preemptive rights. Other than  shares of Company Common Stock reserved for
issuance under the  Option Agreement and 725,912 shares of Company Common
Stock  reserved for issuance under the Company ESPP, there were  outstanding
as of the date hereof no options, warrants or other  rights to acquire
capital stock from Company other than the  Company Rights and Company Stock
Options representing in the  aggregate the right to purchase no more than
3,522,415 shares of  Company Common Stock under the Company Stock Option
Plans. Section  3.2(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a
complete  and correct list of (x) as of March 31, 2002, the number of
shares  of Company Common Stock subject to Company Stock Options  
-16-     or other rights to purchase or receive Company Common Stock 
granted under the Company Stock Option Plans or otherwise, and the  dates of
grant, vesting dates, expiration dates, exercise prices  and holders of each
such Company Stock Option, (y) as of March 31,  2002, the number of shares of
restricted Company Common Stock  outstanding, and the dates of grant, vesting
dates, expiration  dates and holders of each such share of restricted Company
Common  Stock and (z) the total amount of deductions withheld for the pay 
period ending April 15, 2002, with respect to purchases to be made  pursuant
to the Company ESPP. The shares of Company Common Stock  issuable pursuant to
the Option Agreement have been duly reserved  for issuance by Company, and
upon any issuance of such shares of  Company Common Stock in accordance with
the terms of the Option  Agreement or as set forth in Section 3.2(b) of the
Company  Disclosure Schedule, such shares of Company Common Stock will be 
duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and  free and
clear of any Lien, pledge, security interest, claim or  other
encumbrance.   (ii) No bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness of 
Company having the right to vote on any matters on which  stockholders may
vote are issued or outstanding.   (iii) Except as otherwise set forth in
this Section 3.2(b),  as of the date of this Agreement, there are no
securities,  options, warrants, calls, rights, commitments, agreements, 
arrangements or undertakings of any kind to which Company or any  of its
Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them is bound  obligating Company
or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, deliver or  sell, or cause to be issued,
delivered or sold, additional shares  of capital stock or other voting
securities of Company or any of  its Subsidiaries or obligating Company or
any of its Subsidiaries  to issue, grant, extend or enter into any such
security, option,  warrant, call, right, commitment, agreement, arrangement
or  undertaking. Except as contemplated by the Option Agreement or as  set
forth in Section 3.2(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule,  there are no
outstanding obligations of Company or any of its  Subsidiaries to repurchase,
redeem or otherwise acquire any shares  of capital stock of Company or any of
its Subsidiaries.   (c) Authority; No Conflicts.   (i) Company has all
requisite corporate power and authority  to enter into this Agreement and the
Option Agreement and to  consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby,  subject to the approval of this Agreement by the Required Company 
Vote (as defined in Section 3.2(h)). The execution and delivery of  this
Agreement and the Option Agreement and the consummation of  the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly  authorized by all necessary
corporate action on the part of  Company, subject to the approval of this
Agreement by the Required  Company Vote. This Agreement and the Option
Agreement have been  duly executed and delivered by   -17-     Company
and, assuming that this Agreement and the Option Agreement  constitute the
valid and binding agreements of Purchaser and, in  the case of this
Agreement, Merger Sub, constitute valid and  binding agreements of Company,
enforceable against it in  accordance with their respective terms, except as
such  enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization, moratorium and similar laws relating to or  affecting
creditors generally or by general equity principles  (regardless of whether
such enforceability is considered in a  proceeding in equity or at law) or by
an implied covenant of good  faith and fair dealing.   (ii) The execution
and delivery of this Agreement and the  Option Agreement by Company does not
or will not, as the case may  be, and the consummation by Company of the
Merger and the other  transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not,
conflict  with, or result in a Violation pursuant to: (A) any provision of 
the articles of incorporation or by-laws of Company or any  Subsidiary of
Company or (B) except as set forth in Section 3.2(c)  of the Company
Disclosure Schedule or would not reasonably be  expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material  Adverse Effect on Company, and
subject to obtaining or making the  consents, approvals, orders,
authorizations, registrations,  declarations and filings referred to in
paragraph (iii) below, any  loan or credit agreement, note, mortgage, bond,
indenture, lease,  benefit plan or other agreement, obligation, instrument,
permit,  concession, franchise, license, judgment, order, decree, statute, 
law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to Company or any  Subsidiary
of Company or their respective properties or assets.   (iii) No consent,
approval, order or authorization of, or  registration, declaration or filing
with, any Governmental Entity  is required by or with respect to Company or
any Subsidiary of  Company in connection with the execution and delivery of
this  Agreement or the Option Agreement by Company or the consummation  of
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby and  thereby,
except the Necessary Consents and such consents,  approvals, orders,
authorizations, registrations, declarations and  filings the failure of which
to make or obtain would not  reasonably be expected to have, individually or
in the aggregate,  a Material Adverse Effect on Company.   (d) Reports and
Financial Statements.   (i) Company has filed or will file prior to Closing
all  required registration statements, prospectuses, reports,  schedules,
forms, statements and other documents required to be  filed by it with the
SEC since January 1, 1999 until the Closing  (collectively, including all
exhibits thereto, the "Company SEC  Reports"). No Subsidiary of Company is
required to file any form,  report, registration statement or prospectus or
other document  with the SEC. None of the Company SEC Reports, as of their 
respective dates (and, if amended or   -18-     superseded by a filing
prior to the date of this Agreement or the  Closing Date, then on the date of
such filing), contained or will  contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omitted or will  omit to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or  necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the 
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Each of  the
financial statements (including the related notes) included in  the Company
SEC Reports presents fairly, in all material respects,  the consolidated
financial position and consolidated results of  operations and cash flows of
Company and its Subsidiaries as of  the respective dates or for the
respective periods set forth  therein, all in conformity with GAAP applied on
a consistent basis  throughout the periods involved except as otherwise noted
therein,  and subject, in the case of the unaudited interim financial 
statements, to normal and recurring adjustments that were not or  are not
expected to be material in amount, and lack of footnote  disclosure. All of
such Company SEC Reports, as of their  respective dates (and as of the date
of any amendment to the  respective Company SEC Report), complied as to form
in all  material respects with the applicable requirements of the 
Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations 
promulgated thereunder.   (ii) Except (A) to the extent reflected in the
balance sheet  of Company included in the Company SEC Report last filed prior
to  the date hereof, (B) as set forth in Section 3.2(d) of the Company 
Disclosure Schedule or (C) incurred in the ordinary course of  business since
the date of the balance sheet referred to in the  preceding clause (A),
Company does not have any liabilities or  obligations of any nature, whether
known or unknown, absolute,  accrued, contingent or otherwise and whether due
or to become due,  that have or would reasonably be expected to have,
individually or  in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company.  
(e) Reserves. The loss reserves and other actuarial amounts of  Company and
its Subsidiaries recorded in their respective financial  statements contained
in the Company SEC Reports and all statutory  reports as of December 31,
2001, as of such date: (i) were determined  in accordance in all material
respects with generally accepted  actuarial standards consistently applied
(except as otherwise noted in  such financial statements), (ii) were fairly
stated in all material  respects in accordance with sound actuarial
principles, (iii) satisfied  all applicable Laws and the requirements of the
BCBSA in all material  respects and have been computed on the basis of
methodologies  consistent in all material respects with those used in
computing the  corresponding reserves in the prior fiscal years, except as
otherwise  noted in the financial statements and notes thereto included in
the  Company SEC Reports or the statutory reports and related actuarial 
opinions for the Company and its Subsidiaries for the 2001 fiscal year,  and
(iv) include provisions for all actuarial reserves and related  items which
ought to be established in accordance with applicable laws  and regulations
and in accordance, in all material respects, with  prudent insurance
practices generally followed in the insurance  industry. Company is not aware
of any facts or circumstances which  would necessitate any material adverse
change in the statutorily  required reserves or reserves above those
reflected in the most recent  balance sheet (other than increases consistent
with past   -19-     experience resulting from increases in enrollment
with respect to  services provided by Company or its Subsidiaries). The
capital and  surplus for each insurance and health maintenance organization 
Subsidiary of Company is now, and immediately prior to the Closing will  be,
not less than 200% of the authorized control level as defined in  NAIC Risk-
Based Capital Guidelines required by applicable law.   (f) Information
Supplied.   (i) None of the information supplied or to be supplied by 
Company or any of its Subsidiaries for inclusion or incorporation  by
reference in (A) the Form S-4 will, at the time the Form S-4 is  filed with
the SEC, at any time it is amended or supplemented or  at the time it becomes
effective under the Securities Act, contain  any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any  material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make  the statements therein not misleading, and (B)
the Joint Proxy  Statement will, on the date it is first mailed to Company 
stockholders and to Purchaser stockholders or at the time of the  Company
Stockholders Meeting and the Purchaser Stockholders  Meeting, contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit  to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or  necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the  circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. The  Joint Proxy Statement will comply as to form in all
material  respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the 
Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.   (ii)
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section  3.2(f), no
representation or warranty is made by Company with  respect to statements
made or incorporated by reference in the  Form S-4 or the Joint Proxy
Statement based on information  supplied by Purchaser or Merger Sub.   (g)
Board Approval. The Board of Directors of Company, by  resolutions duly
adopted at a meeting duly called and held and not  subsequently rescinded or
modified in any way (the "Company Board  Approval"), has unanimously (i)
determined that this Agreement and the  Merger are advisable, fair to and in
the best interests of Company and  its stockholders, and (ii) adopted this
Agreement and approved the  Option Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby.  The Board of Directors of Company has taken
all actions necessary to  exempt Purchaser and Merger Sub from the threshold
restrictions on  Company Common Stock ownership in Company\'s articles of
incorporation  and to make any applicable Virginia corporate takeover
statutes or  other similar statutes inapplicable to the transactions
contemplated by  this Agreement and the Option Agreement, including the
Merger.   (h) Vote Required. The affirmative vote of the holders of more 
than 66-2/3% of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock to  approve
this Agreement (the "Required Company Vote") is the only vote  of the holders
of any class or series of   -20-     Company capital stock necessary to
consummate the transactions  contemplated hereby and by the Option
Agreement.   (i) Litigation, Compliance with Laws.   (i) Except as
disclosed in the Company SEC Reports filed  prior to the date of this
Agreement or as set forth in Section  3.2(i) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, there is no suit,  action, investigation or proceeding pending or,
to the knowledge  of Company, threatened, against or affecting Company or
any  Subsidiary of Company having, or which would reasonably be  expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material  Adverse Effect on
Company, nor is there any judgment, decree,  injunction, rule or order of any
Governmental Entity or arbitrator  outstanding against Company or any
Subsidiary of Company having,  or which reasonably would be expected to have,
individually or in  the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company.  
(ii) Except as disclosed in the Company SEC Reports filed  prior to the date
of this Agreement and except as would not  reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate,  a Material Adverse Effect on Company or
materially impair the  ability of Company to consummate the transactions
contemplated by  the Option Agreement, Company and its Subsidiaries hold
all  permits, licenses, variances, exemptions, orders and approvals of  all
Governmental Entities necessary for the operation of the  businesses of
Company and its Subsidiaries, as conducted on the  date hereof, taken as a
whole (the "Company Permits"). Company and  its Subsidiaries are in
compliance with the terms of the Company  Permits, except where the failure
to so comply would not  reasonably be expected to have, individually or in
the aggregate,  a Material Adverse Effect on Company. Except as disclosed in
the  Company SEC Reports filed prior to the date of this Agreement, the 
businesses of Company and its Subsidiaries are not being conducted  in
violation of, and Company has not received any notices of  violations with
respect to, any law, ordinance or regulation of  any Governmental Entity,
except for possible violations which  would not reasonably be expected to
have, individually or in the  aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company
or materially  impair the ability of Company to consummate the transactions 
contemplated by the Option Agreement.   (iii) Company is in compliance in
all material respects with  all material rules and regulations of the
BCBSA.   (j) Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Except for liabilities 
incurred in connection with this Agreement or the Option Agreement or  the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby or as set forth in  Section
3.2(j) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, since December 31,  2001, Company
and its Subsidiaries have conducted their business only  in the ordinary
course and there has not been (i) any change,  circumstance or event which
has had, or would reasonably be expected to  have,   -21-    
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company  or
(ii) any action taken by Company or any of its Subsidiaries during  the
period from December 31, 2001 through the date of this Agreement  that, if
taken during the period from the date of this Agreement  through the
Effective Time without the consent of Purchaser, would  constitute a breach
of Section 4.1(c), (d), (e), (j)(only with respect  to the sixteen Company
executives with executive continuity  agreements), (k) or (q).   (k)
Environmental Matters. Except as would not reasonably be  expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse  Effect on Company or as
disclosed on Section 3.2(k) of the Company  Disclosure Schedule, (i) the
operations of Company and its Subsidiaries  have been and are in compliance
with all applicable Environmental Laws  and with all Environmental Permits,
(ii) there are no pending or, to  the knowledge of Company, threatened,
actions, suits, claims,  investigations or other proceedings under or
pursuant to Environmental  Laws against Company or its Subsidiaries or, to
the knowledge of  Company, involving any real property currently or formerly
owned,  operated or leased by Company or its Subsidiaries, (iii) Company
and  its Subsidiaries are not subject to any Environmental Liabilities and, 
to the knowledge of Company, no facts, circumstances or conditions  relating
to, arising from, associated with or attributable to any real  property
currently or formerly owned, operated or leased by Company or  its
Subsidiaries or operations thereon would reasonably be expected to  result in
Environmental Liabilities, (iv) all real property owned and  all real
property operated or leased by Company or its Subsidiaries is  free of
Hazardous Materials in conditions and concentrations that would  reasonably
be expected to have an adverse effect on human health or the  environment and
none of Company or any of its Subsidiaries has disposed  of any Hazardous
Materials on or about such premises, (v) no release,  discharge, spillage or
disposal of any Hazardous Material and no soil,  water or air contamination
by any Hazardous Material has occurred or is  occurring in, from or on such
premises, and (vi) Company has made  available to Purchaser the most recent
Environmental Report, dated  February 2002.   As used in this Agreement,
"Environmental Laws" means any and all  laws, rules, orders, regulations,
statutes, ordinances, guidelines,  codes, decrees, or other legally
enforceable requirements (including,  without limitation, common law) of any
international authority, foreign  government, the United States, or any
state, local, municipal or other  Governmental Entity, regulating, relating
to or imposing liability or  standards of conduct concerning protection of
the environment or of  human health, including without limitation the
Comprehensive  Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, 42
U.S.C.  sections 9601 et seq., the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act,
49  U.S.C. sections 1801 et seq., the Resource Conservation and Recovery 
Act, 42 U.S.C. sections 6901 et seq., the Clean Water Act, 33 U.S.C. 
sections 1251 et seq., the Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C. sections 7401 et  seq.,
the Toxic Substances Control Act, 15 U.S.C. sections 2601 et  seq., the
Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act, 7 U.S.C.,  sections 136
et seq. and the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, 33 U.S.C.  sections 2701 et seq.,
as such laws have been amended or supplemented,  and the regulations
promulgated pursuant thereto, and all analogous  state or local statutes.
As   -22-     used in this Agreement, "Environmental Liabilities" with
respect to any  person means any and all liabilities of or relating to such
person or  any of its Subsidiaries (including any entity which is, in whole
or in  part, a predecessor of such person or any of such Subsidiaries), 
whether vested or unvested, contingent or fixed, actual or potential,  known
or unknown, which (i) arise under applicable Environmental Laws  or with
respect to Hazardous Materials, and (ii) relate to actions  occurring or
conditions existing, on or prior to the Closing Date. As  used in this
Agreement, "Environmental Permits" means any and all  permits, consents,
licenses, approvals, registrations, notifications,  exemptions and any other
authorization required under any applicable  Environmental Law. As used in
this Agreement, "Environmental Report"  means any report, study, assessment,
audit, or other similar document  that addresses any issue of noncompliance
with, or liability under, any  Environmental Law that may affect Company or
any of its Subsidiaries.  As used in this Agreement, "Hazardous Materials"
means any gasoline or  petroleum (including crude oil or any fraction
thereof) or petroleum  products, polychlorinated biphenyls, urea-formaldehyde
insulation,  asbestos, pollutants, contaminants, radioactivity, and any
other  substances of any kind, whether or not any such substance is defined
as  hazardous or toxic under any Environmental Law, that is regulated 
pursuant to or could give rise to liability under any applicable 
Environmental Law.   (l) Intellectual Property. Except as would not
reasonably be  expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse  Effect on Company or as disclosed on Section 3.2(l) of the Company 
Disclosure Schedule, (a) Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns, or  is
licensed to use (in each case, free and clear of any Liens), all 
Intellectual Property used in or necessary for the conduct of its  business
as currently conducted; (b) to the knowledge of Company, the  use of any
Intellectual Property by Company and its Subsidiaries does  not infringe on
or otherwise violate the rights of any Person and is in  accordance with any
applicable license pursuant to which Company or any  Subsidiary acquired the
right to use any Intellectual Property; (c) to  the knowledge of Company, no
Person is challenging or infringing on or  otherwise violating any right of
Company or any of its Subsidiaries  with respect to any Intellectual Property
owned by or licensed to  Company or its Subsidiaries; and (d) neither Company
nor any of its  Subsidiaries has received any written notice of any pending
claim with  respect to any Intellectual Property used by Company and its 
Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of Company, no Intellectual Property 
owned or licensed by Company or its Subsidiaries is being used or  enforced
in a manner that would result in the abandonment, cancellation  or
unenforceability of such Intellectual Property.   For purposes of this
Agreement, "Intellectual Property" shall mean  trademarks, service marks,
brand names, certification marks, trade  dress and other indications of
origin, the goodwill associated with the  foregoing and registrations in any
jurisdiction of, and applications in  any jurisdiction to register, the
foregoing, including any extension,  modification or renewal of any such
registration or application;  inventions, discoveries and ideas, whether
patentable or not, in any  jurisdiction; patents, applications for patents
(including, without  limitation, divisions, continuations, continued
prosecution  applications, continuations in part and renewal applications),
and any  renewals,   -23-     extensions or reissues thereof, in any
jurisdiction; know-how, trade  secrets and confidential information and
rights in any jurisdiction to  limit the use or disclosure thereof by any
person; writings and other  works, whether copyrightable or not, in any
jurisdiction; registrations  or applications for registration of copyrights
in any jurisdiction, and  any renewals or extensions thereof; and any similar
intellectual  property or proprietary rights.   (m) Brokers or Finders. No
agent, broker, investment banker,  financial advisor or other firm or Person
is or will be entitled to any  broker\'s or finder\'s fee or any other
similar commission or fee in  connection with any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement,  based upon arrangements made by or on behalf
of Company, except Bear  Stearns and Company, Inc. (the "Company Financial
Advisor"), whose fees  and expenses will be paid by Company in accordance
with Company\'s  agreements with such firm, copies of which have been
provided to  Purchaser.   (n) Taxes. Except as would not reasonably be
expected to have,  individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect on Company,  or as set forth in Section 3.2(n) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule,  Company and each of its Subsidiaries (i) have prepared
in good faith  and duly and timely filed (taking into account any extension
of time  within which to file) all Tax Returns required to be filed by any
of  them and all such filed Tax Returns are complete and accurate in all 
material respects; (ii) have paid all Taxes that are shown as due and 
payable on such filed Tax Returns or that Company or any of its  Subsidiaries
are obligated to pay without the filing of a Tax Return;  (iii) have paid all
other assessments received to date in respect of  Taxes other than those
being contested in good faith for which  provision has been made in
accordance with GAAP on the most recent  balance sheet included in Company\'s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the  year ended December 31, 2001; (iv) have
withheld from amounts owing to  any employee, creditor or other Person all
Taxes required by law to be  withheld and have paid over to the proper
governmental authority in a  timely manner all such withheld amounts to the
extent due and payable;  (v) have not waived any applicable statute of
limitations with respect  to United States federal or state income or
franchise Taxes and have  not otherwise agreed to any extension of time with
respect to a United  States federal or state income or franchise Tax
assessment or  deficiency; (vi) have never been members of any consolidated
group for  United States federal income tax purposes other than the
consolidated  group of which Company is the common parent; and (vii) are not
parties  to any tax sharing agreement or arrangement other than with each
other.  Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or
in  the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company, no liens for Taxes 
exist with respect to any of the assets or properties of Company or its 
Subsidiaries, except for statutory liens for Taxes not yet due or  payable or
that are being contested in good faith. Company has made  available to
Purchaser true and correct copies of all material federal,  state and local
Tax Returns filed by Company and its Subsidiaries on  which the statute of
limitations has not expired. None of Company or  its Subsidiaries has been a
party to a Section 355 transaction that  could give rise to a Tax liability
pursuant to Section 355(e) of the  Code. Except as set forth in Section
3.2(n) of the Company Disclosure  Schedule, there are not   -24-    
being conducted or threatened in writing any material audits,  examinations,
investigations, litigation, or other proceedings in  respect of Taxes of
Company or any Subsidiary; and none of Company or  its Subsidiaries has any
material deferred gains created by any other  transaction, or has any
material excess loss accounts. Company is not  aware of any fact or
circumstance that could reasonably be expected to  prevent the Merger from
qualifying as a reorganization within the  meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Code.   (o) Certain Contracts.   (i) Section 3.2(o)(i) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule  lists, as of the date hereof, each of the following
contracts,  agreements or arrangements to which Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries is a party or by which it is bound: (i) any "material  contract"
(as such term is defined in Item 601(b)(10) of  Regulation S-K under the
Exchange Act), (ii) the ten largest  provider and the ten largest customer
contracts measured in terms  of payments to or receipts from Company and its
Subsidiaries,  (iii) any contract that involves annual premiums, premium 
equivalents or payments greater than $50 million and that, by its  terms,
does not terminate within one year after the date of such  contract and is
not cancelable during such period without penalty  or without payment (other
than customer agreements that are not  terminable within one year solely as a
result of Health Insurance  Portability and Accountability Act of 1996
("HIPAA") or other  statutory or regulatory requirements), (iv) promissory
notes,  loans, agreements, indentures, evidences of indebtedness or other 
instruments providing for the lending of money, whether as  borrower, lender
or guarantor in amounts greater than $5,000,000  (it being understood that
trade payables, ordinary course  business funding mechanisms between Company
and its customers and  providers, and guarantees of indebtedness by the
Company and its  Subsidiaries to the Company and its Subsidiaries shall not
be  considered indebtedness for purposes of this provision), (v) any 
contract or other agreement expressly restricting the payment of  dividends
or the repurchase of stock or other equity, (vi)  collective bargaining
contracts, (vii) material joint venture,  partnership agreements or other
similar agreements, (viii) any  contract for the pending acquisition,
directly or indirectly (by  merger or otherwise), of any entity or business,
if the  acquisition price (including the assumption of any debt or 
liabilities) exceeds $10 million, (ix) any contract, agreement or  policy for
reinsurance with a third party, (x) leases for real or  personal property
involving any annual expense in excess of  $600,000 and not cancelable by
Company (without premium or  penalty) within twelve months or (xi) any non-
competition  agreement or any other agreement or arrangement that by its 
express terms (x) materially limits or otherwise materially  restricts
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any successor  thereto or (y) would,
after the Effective Time, materially limit  or otherwise materially restrict
Purchaser or any of its  Subsidiaries (including the Surviving Corporation),
in each case,  from engaging or competing in any line of business material
to  Company and its affiliates (taken as a whole), the Purchaser and  its
affiliates (taken as a whole), as   -25-     applicable, or in any
geographic area material to the Company and  its Subsidiaries (taken as a
whole) or to the Purchaser and its  Subsidiaries (taken as a whole), as
applicable (other than  exclusivity provisions or arrangements with providers
of  healthcare services) (collectively, the "Material Contracts").   (ii)
Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is, or has  received any written
notice that any other party is, in default  (or would be in default but for
the lapse of time or the giving of  notice or both) in any respect under any
such Material Contract,  except for those defaults which would not reasonably
be expected  to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse 
Effect on Company.   (p) Employee Benefit Plans.   (i) Section 3.2(p) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule  contains a true and complete list of each
material Benefit Plan,  stock purchase, stock option, severance, employment,
change in  control, fringe benefit, collective bargaining agreement, bonus, 
incentive, deferred compensation, and all other material employee  benefit
plans, agreements, programs, policies or other  arrangements, whether or not
subject to ERISA, whether formal or  informal, oral or written, legally
binding or not under which any  employee or former employee of Company or any
of its Subsidiaries  has any present or future right to benefits and under
which  Company or any of its Subsidiaries has any present or future 
liability. All such plans, agreements, programs, policies and  arrangements
shall be collectively referred to as the "Company  Plans"; provided, however,
that for purposes of this Section  3.2(p), the terms Benefit Plans and
Company Plans shall not  include any benefit plans, agreements, policies,
programs or  arrangements sold or marketed by Company or its
Subsidiaries.   (ii) With respect to each material Company Plan, Company
has  delivered or made available to Purchaser a current, accurate and 
complete copy (or, to the extent no such copy exists, an accurate 
description) thereof and, to the extent applicable, (A) any  related trust
agreement, annuity contract or other funding  instrument; (B) the most recent
determination letter; (C) any  summary plan description and other written
communications (or a  description of any oral communications) by Company or
any of its  Subsidiaries to its employees concerning the extent of the 
benefits provided under a Company Plan; and (D) for the most  recent year:
(I) the Form 5500 and attached schedules; (II)  audited financial statements;
(III) actuarial valuation reports;  and (IV) attorney responses to auditors\'
requests for information.   (iii) Except as would not reasonably be expected
to have a  Material Adverse Effect on Company, (A) each Company Plan has
been  established and administered in accordance with its terms, and in 
material compliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the  Code and
other applicable laws, rules and   -26-     regulations and if intended
to be qualified within the meaning of  Section 401(a) of the Code is so
qualified; (B) with respect to  any Company Plan, no actions, suits or claims
(other than routine  claims for benefits in the ordinary course) are pending
or  threatened; (C) neither Company nor any other party has engaged in  a
prohibited transaction, as such term is defined under Section  4975 of the
Code or Section 406 of ERISA, which would subject  Company, the Surviving
Corporation or any of their Subsidiaries to  any taxes, penalties or other
liabilities under Section 4975 of  the Code or Section 409 or 502(i) of ERISA
and Company has no  other liability under the Code with respect to any
Company Plan,  including liability under any other provision of Chapter 43 of
the  Code; (D) no Company Plan provides for an increase in benefits on  or
after the Closing Date; and (E) each Company Plan may be  amended or
terminated without additional obligation or liability  as a result of such
termination or amendment (other than those  obligations and liabilities which
have accrued as of the time  immediately prior to such termination or
amendment in accordance  with the terms of such Company Plan).   (iv)
Except as disclosed in Section 3.2 (p)(iv) of the  Company Disclosure
Schedule, neither Company nor any member of its  Controlled Group has ever
maintained, sponsored, administered or  contributed to an employee benefit
plan subject to Title IV of  ERISA, a multiemployer plan (within the meaning
of Section  4001(a)(3) of ERISA) or a welfare benefit plan that provides 
coverage or benefits to former employees (other than benefit  continuation
rights under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget  Reconciliation Act of 1985, as
amended).   (v) Except as disclosed in Section 3.2(p)(v) of the Company 
Disclosure Schedule, no Company Plan exists which would reasonably  be
expected to result in the payment to any employee of Company or  any of its
Subsidiaries of any cash payment or other property or  rights or accelerate
or provide any other rights or benefits to  any such employee as a result of
the transactions contemplated by  this Agreement. Except as disclosed on
Section 3.2(p) of the  Company Disclosure Schedule, there is no contract or
agreement,  plan or arrangement by Company or its Subsidiaries covering any 
person that, individually or collectively, could give rise to the  payment of
any amount that would not be deductible by Company or  its Subsidiaries by
reason of Section 280G of the Code or would  constitute compensation in
excess of the limitation set forth in  Section 162(m) of the Code.   (vi)
Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a  Material Adverse Effect
on Company, all individuals who are or  have been eligible to participate in
the Company Plans based upon  the eligibility provisions set forth therein or
under applicable  law have been provided with a timely opportunity to
participate.   -27-     (q) Labor Matters. (1) Neither Company nor any
of its Subsidiaries  is a party to, or bound by, any collective bargaining
agreement,  contract or other agreement or understanding with a labor union
or  labor organization (other than contracts or other agreements or 
understandings with labor unions or labor organizations in connection  with
products and services offered and sold to such unions and  organizations by
Company or its Subsidiaries); (2) except as would not  be reasonably likely
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a  Material Adverse Effect on
Company, neither Company nor any of its  Subsidiaries is the subject of any
proceeding asserting that it or any  Subsidiary has committed an unfair labor
practice or sex, age, race or  other discrimination or seeking to compel it
to bargain with any labor  organization as to wages or conditions of
employment; (3) there are no  current or, to the knowledge of Company,
threatened organizational  activities or demands for recognition by a labor
organization seeking  to represent employees of Company or any Subsidiary, or
labor strike  and no such activities have occurred during the past 24 months;
(4)  except as would not be reasonably likely to have, individually or in 
the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company, no grievance, 
arbitration, complaint or investigation relating to labor or employment 
matters is pending or, to the knowledge of Company, threatened against 
Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (5) except as would not be  reasonably
likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material  Adverse Effect
on Company, Company and each Subsidiary is in compliance  with all applicable
laws (domestic and foreign), agreements, contracts,  and policies relating to
employment, employment practices, wages,  hours, and terms and conditions of
employment; (6) Company has complied  in all material respects with its
payment obligations to all employees  of Company and its Subsidiaries in
respect of all wages, salaries,  commissions, bonuses, benefits and other
compensation due and payable  to such employees under any Company policy,
practice, agreement, plan,  program or any statute or other law; (7) Except
as would not be  reasonably likely to have, individually or in the aggregate,
a Material  Adverse Effect, Company is not liable for any severance pay or
other  payments to any employee or former employee arising from the 
termination of employment under any benefit or severance policy,  practice,
agreement, plan, or program of Company, nor will Company have  any liability
which exists or arises, or may be deemed to exist or  arise, under any
applicable law or otherwise, as a result of or in  connection with the
transactions contemplated hereunder or as a result  of the termination by
Company of any persons employed by Company or any  of its Subsidiaries on or
prior to the Effective Time of the Merger  except as required by Code Section
4980B; and (8) Company is in  compliance with its obligations pursuant to the
Worker Adjustment and  Retraining Notification Act of 1988 ("WARN") and part
6 and 7 of Title  I of ERISA, to the extent applicable, and all other
employee  notification and bargaining obligations arising under any
collective  bargaining agreement or statute.   (r) Affiliate Transactions.
Except as disclosed in the Company  SEC Reports or as disclosed in Section
3.2(r) of the Company Disclosure  Schedule, there are no material (determined
with respect to either  counterparty thereto) contracts, commitments,
agreements, arrangements  or other transactions between Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, on  the one hand, and any (i) officer or director of Company or
any of its  Subsidiaries, (ii) record or beneficial owner of five percent or
more  of the voting   -28-     securities of Company or (iii) affiliate
(as such term is defined in  Rule 12b-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act)
of any such officer,  director or beneficial owner, on the other hand.  
(s) Statutory Financial Statements. Except as otherwise set forth  therein,
the annual statements and the quarterly statements filed by  Company or any
of its Subsidiaries with the Virginia State Corporation  Commission ("VSCC")
for the years ended December 31, 1999, 2000 and  2001, and for each quarterly
period ending after December 31, 2001 and  prior to the Closing Date (the
"VSCC Filings") and the statutory  balance sheets and income statements
included in such VSCC Filings  fairly present, or will fairly present, in all
material respects the  statutory financial condition and results of
operations of Company or  such Subsidiaries, as applicable, as of the date
and for the periods  indicated therein and have been prepared, or will be
prepared, in all  material respects, in accordance with applicable statutory
accounting  principles consistently applied throughout the periods
indicated,  except as may be reflected in the notes thereto, or the
statutory  reports and related actuarial opinions for Company or its
Subsidiaries  for the 2001 fiscal year, and subject to the absence of notes
required  by statutory accounting principles and to normal year-end
adjustments.   (t) Insurance. Company has provided or made available to 
Purchaser true, correct and complete copies of its primary director and 
officer and employee and officer insurance policies and will make  available
to Purchaser, prior to the Closing Date, true and complete  copies of all
material policies of insurance to which Company or its  Subsidiaries is a
party or is a beneficiary or named insured. Company  and its Subsidiaries
maintain insurance coverage with reputable  insurers in such amounts and
covering such risks as are in accordance  with normal industry practice for
companies engaged in businesses  similar to that of Company or its
Subsidiaries (taking into account the  cost and availability of such
insurance).   (u) Rights Agreement. The Rights Agreement has been amended
so  that Purchaser and Merger Sub, with respect to the transactions 
contemplated hereby and by the Option Agreement, are each exempt from  the
definition of "Acquiring Person" contained in the Company Rights  Agreement,
no "Stock Acquisition Date" or "Distribution Date" or  "Triggering Event" (as
such terms are defined in the Company Rights  Agreement) will occur as a
result of the execution and delivery of this  Agreement and the Option
Agreement or the consummation of any of the  transactions contemplated hereby
or thereby, including the Merger. The  Company Rights Agreement will expire
immediately prior to the Effective  Time, and the Company Rights Agreement,
as so amended, has not been  further amended or modified. Copies of all such
amendments to the  Company Rights Agreement have been previously provided or
made  available to Purchaser.   (v) No Dissenters\' Rights. Company
stockholders are not entitled  to any dissenters\' or appraisal rights in
connection with the Merger  under the VSCA or Company\'s articles of
incorporation or by-laws.   -29-     (w) Opinion of Company Financial
Advisor. The Board of Directors  of Company has received the opinion of the
Company Financial Advisor,  dated the date of this Agreement, to the effect
that, as of such date,  the Merger Consideration is fair, from a financial
point of view, to  the holders of Company Common Stock, a copy of which
opinion will  promptly be made available to Purchaser after receipt by
Company.   (x) Accounting and Financial Matters. Since January 1, 2001, 
Company has not received written notice from the SEC or any other 
Governmental Entity that any of its accounting policies or practices  are or
may be the subject of any review, inquiry, investigation or  challenge by the
SEC or other Governmental Entity. Since January 1,  2001, Company\'s
independent public accounting firm has not informed  Company that it has any
material questions, challenges or disagreements  regarding or pertaining to
Company\'s accounting policies or practices.  Since January 1, 2001, no
officer or director of Company has received,  or is entitled to receive, any
material compensation from any entity  that has engaged in or is engaging in
any material transaction with the  Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Set
forth on Section 3.2(x) of the  Company Disclosure Schedule is, among other
things, a list of all  off-balance sheet special purpose entities and
financing arrangements  of Company and its Subsidiaries.   3.3.
Representations and Warranties of Purchaser and Merger Sub. Purchaser and
Merger Sub represent and warrant to Company as follows:   (a) Organization.
Merger Sub is a corporation duly incorporated,  validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of Indiana. Merger  Sub is a direct wholly-owned
subsidiary of Purchaser.   (b) Corporate Authorization. Merger Sub has all
requisite  corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and
to  consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution, 
delivery and performance by Merger Sub of this Agreement and the 
consummation by Merger Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby have  been
duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of  Merger Sub.
Purchaser, in its capacity as sole stockholder of Merger  Sub, has approved
this Agreement and the other transactions  contemplated hereby as required by
the IBCL. This Agreement has been  duly executed and delivered by Merger Sub
and, assuming that this  Agreement constitutes the valid and binding
agreement of Company,  constitutes a valid and binding agreement of Merger
Sub, enforceable  against it in accordance with its terms, except as such
enforceability  may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium  and other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors
generally or  by general equity principles (regardless of whether such
enforceability  is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law) or by an
implied  covenant of good faith and fair dealing.   (c) Non-Contravention.
The execution, delivery and performance by  Merger Sub of this Agreement and
the consummation by Merger Sub of the  transactions   -30-    
contemplated hereby do not and will not contravene or conflict with the 
articles of incorporation or by-laws of Merger Sub.   (d) No Business
Activities. Merger Sub has not conducted any  activities other than in
connection with the organization of Merger  Sub, the negotiation and
execution of this Agreement and the  consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby. Merger Sub has no  Subsidiaries.    ARTICLE IV 
COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS   4.1. Conduct of Business of
Company Pending the Merger. Company covenants and agrees that, during the
period from the date hereof to the Effective Time and except as otherwise
agreed to in writing by Purchaser or as expressly contemplated by this
Agreement, the businesses of Company and its Subsidiaries shall be conducted
only in, and Company and its Subsidiaries shall not take any action except
in, the ordinary course of business and in a manner consistent with past
practice and in compliance with applicable laws; and Company and its
Subsidiaries, except as expressly contemplated by this Agreement, shall each
use its commercially reasonable efforts to preserve substantially intact the
business organization of Company and its Subsidiaries, to keep available the
services of the present officers, employees and consultants of Company and
its Subsidiaries and to preserve the present relationships of Company and its
Subsidiaries with such of the customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees, or
distributors with which Company or any of its Subsidiaries has significant
business relations. By way of amplification and not limitation, without the
prior written consent of Purchaser (which shall not be unreasonably withheld
or delayed) neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall, between the
date of this Agreement and the Effective Time, except as set forth in Section
4.1 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, directly or indirectly do, or propose
or commit to do, any of the following:   (a) Amend its articles of
incorporation or by-laws or equivalent  organizational documents;   (b)
Issue, deliver, sell, pledge, dispose of or encumber, or  authorize or commit
to the issuance, sale, pledge, disposition or  encumbrance of, any shares of
capital stock of any class, or any  options, warrants, convertible securities
or other rights of any kind  to acquire any shares of capital stock, or any
other ownership interest  (including but not limited to stock appreciation
rights or phantom  stock), of Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except for
(i) the  issuance of securities issuable pursuant to options outstanding as
of  the date hereof under the Option Agreement or any Benefit Plans of 
Company (including the Company Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("Company 
ESPP")) and (ii) grants of equity or equity-based awards in accordance  with
Section 4.1(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule.   (c) Declare, set aside,
make or pay any dividend or other  distribution, payable in cash, stock,
property or otherwise, with  respect to any of its capital stock, other
than   -31-     dividends payable by a directly or indirectly wholly-
owned Subsidiary  of Company to Company or another directly or indirectly
wholly-owned  Subsidiary of Company;   (d) Reclassify, combine, split,
subdivide or redeem, purchase or  otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly,
any of its capital stock,  stock options or debt securities;   (e) Acquire
(by merger, consolidation or acquisition of stock or  assets) any
corporation, partnership or other business organization or  division or line
of business;   (f) Modify its current investment policies or investment
practices  in any material respect except to accommodate changes in
applicable  law;   (g) Transfer, lease, mortgage, or otherwise dispose of
or subject  to any Lien any of its assets, including capital stock of
Subsidiaries,  with a fair market value in excess of $10 million individually
or $25  million in the aggregate (except (i) by incurring Permitted Liens;
(ii)  in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; and 
(iii) equipment and property no longer used in the operation of  Company\'s
or any Subsidiaries\' business);   (h) (I) Repay or retire any indebtedness
for borrowed money or  repurchase or redeem any debt securities, except (x)
upon the maturity  date of such indebtedness or as otherwise required by the
terms of such  indebtedness or securities or (y) as permitted by Section
5.16, (II)  incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or issue any debt
securities  or (III) assume, guarantee or endorse, or otherwise as an
accommodation  become responsible for, the obligations of any person, or make
any  loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments in, any 
other person in excess of $5 million individually or $10 million in the 
aggregate (it being understood that trade payables, ordinary course  business
funding mechanisms between Company and its customers and  providers and
guarantees of indebtedness by the Company and its  Subsidiaries to the
Company and its Subsidiaries shall not be  considered indebtedness for
purposes of this provision);   (i) Enter into or amend any Material
Contract, any other contract  or agreement (with "other contract or
agreement" being defined for  purposes of this subsection as a contract or
agreement which involves  Company incurring a liability in excess of $10
million individually or  $25 million in the aggregate and which is not
terminable by Company  without penalty upon one year or less notice (other
than (x) contracts  or amendments issued or entered into in the ordinary
course of business  with customers or providers of Company or its
Subsidiaries, (y)  customer agreements that are not terminable within one
year solely as a  result of HIPAA or other statutory or regulatory
requirements or (z) as  required by law)) or, except for any agreement in the
ordinary course  of business and that is not inconsistent with Section 5.16,
agreement  with an affiliate of Company;   (j) Except (A) to the extent
required under this Agreement or as  set forth on Section 4.1(j) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, (B)  pursuant to applicable law or (C) pursuant
to existing obligations  under the Company Plans or collective
bargaining    -32-     agreements, increase the compensation or fringe
benefits of any of its  directors, officers or employees, except for
increases in salary or  wages of officers and employees of Company or its
Subsidiaries in the  ordinary course of business in accordance with past
practice, or grant  any severance or termination pay not currently required
to be paid  under existing severance plans or enter into, or amend, any
employment,  change-in-control or similar arrangement, consulting or
severance  agreement or arrangement (except, other than with respect to the 
sixteen Company executives with executive continuity agreements,  pursuant to
separation agreements and severance agreements entered into  in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice) with  any present or former
director, officer or other employee of Company or  any of its Subsidiaries,
or establish, adopt, enter into or amend or  terminate any collective
bargaining, bonus, profit sharing, thrift,  compensation, stock option,
restricted stock, pension, retirement,  deferred compensation, employment,
termination, welfare, severance or  other plan, agreement, trust, fund,
policy or arrangement for the  benefit of any directors, officers or
employees;   (k) Except as may be required as a result of a change in law
or  in generally accepted accounting or actuarial principles, make any 
material change to the accounting practices or principles or reserving  or
underwriting practices or principles used by it;   (l) Knowingly take, or
knowingly permit any of its Subsidiaries  to take, any action that would
prevent the Merger from qualifying as a  reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Code;   (m) Settle or compromise any pending or
threatened suit, action  or claim involving a payment by Company or its
Subsidiaries in excess  of $1,000,0000 or agree to any settlement or
compromise in respect  thereof, if such settlement or compromise would be
reasonably likely to  be (i) a settlement or compromise which is the first
settlement or  compromise effected by the Company or its Subsidiaries with
regards to  any particular type of conduct or complaint or (ii) a settlement
or  compromise which would be substantially different than prior 
settlements of the Company or its Subsidiaries with regards to any 
particular type of conduct or complaint, which in either the case of  (i) or
(ii) would create an adverse precedent for claims, actions or  proceedings
that would be material to Company and its Subsidiaries,  taken as whole;  
(n) Adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, 
restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization of Company or  any of
its Subsidiaries;   (o) Effectuate a "plant closing" or "mass layoff", as
those terms  are defined in WARN, affecting in whole or in part any site of 
employment, facility, operating unit or employee of Company or any of  its
Subsidiaries;   (p) Fail to use reasonable commercial efforts to maintain in
full  force and effect the existing insurance policies covering Company or 
its Subsidiaries or their    -33-     respective properties, assets and
businesses or comparable replacement  policies to the extent available for a
cost not exceeding 150% of the  current cost of such policy;   (q)
Authorize or make capital expenditures other than aggregate  capital
expenditures not to exceed an amount equal to the aggregate  capital
expenditures contemplated to be made between the date of this  Agreement and
the Closing in the capital expenditure plan previously  provided to Purchaser
in writing plus $2 million;   (r) Expand its marketing efforts beyond those
states in which its  products are offered as of the date of this
Agreement;   (s) Make any material Tax election or settle or compromise
any  material federal, state, local or foreign Tax liability, change any 
method of Tax accounting in any material respect, enter into any  closing
agreement relating to any material amount of Tax, or surrender  any right to
claim a material Tax refund;   (t) (i)(x) Amend or alter any of the Company
Stock Option Plans  or any award agreements thereunder or (y) waive any
provision of such  plans or agreements or (z) exercise any discretionary
right or take any  discretionary action under or in relation to such plans or
agreements,  in any case, to provide that the Company shall be obligated or
required  to pay optionholders any difference between the applicable
exercise  price of such option and any other value (including any fair
market  value of Company Common Stock or the Merger Consideration) (any
such  payment, a "Cash-Out Payment") or (ii) make any Cash-Out Payment or 
make any loan or guarantee to any optionholders to fund the exercise  price
of any options (other than (I) prior to the approval of the  Company\'s
stockholders of this Agreement at Company Stockholders  Meeting, aggregate
Cash-Out Payments in respect of an immaterial  number of options and (II)
share withholding upon the exercise of  options, for purposes of paying
applicable withholding tax); or   (u) Take, or offer or propose to take, or
agree to take in  writing or otherwise, any of the actions described in
Sections 4.1(a)  through 4.1(t).   4.2. Conduct of Business of Purchaser
Pending the Merger. Purchaser shall not, between the date of this Agreement
and the Effective Time, except as set forth in Section 4.2 of the Purchaser
Disclosure Schedule or as may be consented to beforehand in writing by
Company (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), directly
or indirectly do, or propose or commit to do, any of the following:   (a)
Amend its articles of incorporation or by-laws or equivalent  organizational
documents in a manner adverse to Company or its  stockholders (as a
group);   (b) Knowingly take, or knowingly permit any of its Subsidiaries
to  take, any action that would prevent the Merger from qualifying as a 
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code;   
-34-     (c) Issue, deliver, sell, pledge, dispose of or encumber, or 
authorize or commit to the issuance, sale, pledge, disposition or 
encumbrance of, any shares of capital stock of any class, or any  options,
warrants, convertible securities or other rights of any kind  to acquire any
shares of capital stock, or any other ownership interest  (including but not
limited to stock appreciation rights or phantom  stock), of Purchaser or any
of its Subsidiaries, except for (i) the  issuance of securities issuable
pursuant to options outstanding as of  the date hereof under any Benefit
Plans of Purchaser (including the  Purchaser Employee Stock Purchase Plan
("Purchaser ESPP")), (ii) grants  of equity or equity-based awards in the
ordinary course of business and  the issuance of securities in settlement
thereof, (iii) the issuance of  any securities as contemplated by Section 4.2
of Purchaser Disclosure  Schedule, (iv) any issuance of any shares of
Purchaser Common Stock  related to the demutualization of Purchaser\'s
Subsidiary and (v) the  issuance of any securities (other than those
contemplated by clauses  (i) through (iv) above) in registered primary
offerings or in  connection with business combinations up to a maximum
aggregate value  of $100 million;   (d) Declare, set aside, make or pay any
dividend or other  distribution (other than repurchases of Purchaser Common
Stock),  payable in cash, stock, property or otherwise, with respect to any
of  its capital stock;   (e) Adopt a plan of complete or partial
liquidation, dissolution,  restructuring, recapitalization or other
reorganization of Purchaser;   (f) Merge or consolidate with, or acquire a
material amount of  assets or capital stock of, any other person, if such
merger,  consolidation or acquisition would reasonably be expected to
materially  impair, materially delay or prevent consummation of the
transactions  contemplated hereby, including the Merger; or   (g) Take, or
offer or propose to take, or agree to take in  writing or otherwise, any of
the actions described in Sections 4.2(a)  through (f) or any action which
would result in any of the conditions  set forth in Article VI not being
satisfied or materially delay the  Closing.   4.3. Operational Matters.
From the date of this Agreement until the Effective Time, each of Purchaser
and Company shall (a) confer on a regular and frequent basis with the other
and (b) report (to the extent permitted by law or regulation or any
applicable confidentiality agreement) on operational matters. Company and
Purchaser shall file all reports required to be filed by each of them with
the SEC (and all other Governmental Entities) between the date of
this Agreement and the Effective Time and each of Purchaser and Company shall
(to the extent any report, announcement and publication relates to this
Agreement and the Merger, and to the extent permitted by law or regulation or
applicable confidentiality agreement) deliver to the other party copies of
all such reports, announcements and publications promptly after the same are
filed.    -35-     ARTICLE V  ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS   5.1.
Preparation of Form S-4 and the Joint Proxy Statement; Stockholders
Meetings.   (a) Promptly following the date of this Agreement, Company and 
Purchaser shall prepare and file with the SEC the Joint Proxy  Statement, and
Purchaser shall prepare and file with the SEC the Form  S-4, in which the
Joint Proxy Statement will be included as a  prospectus. Each of Company and
Purchaser shall use its reasonable best  efforts to have the Form S-4
declared effective under the Securities  Act as promptly as practicable after
such filing. Each of Company and  Purchaser will use its reasonable best
efforts to cause the Joint Proxy  Statement to be mailed to its stockholders
as promptly as practicable  after the Form S-4 is declared effective under
the Securities Act.  Purchaser shall also take any action (other than
qualifying to do  business in any jurisdiction in which it is not now so
qualified)  required to be taken under any applicable state securities law
in  connection with the Share Issuance, and Company shall furnish all 
information concerning Company and the holders of Company Common Stock  and
rights to acquire Company Common Stock pursuant to the Company  Stock Option
Plans as may be reasonably required in connection with any  such action. Each
of Purchaser and Company shall furnish all  information concerning itself to
the other as may be reasonably  requested in connection with any such action
and the preparation,  filing and distribution of the Form S-4 and the
preparation, filing and  distribution of the Joint Proxy Statement. Company,
Purchaser and  Merger Sub each agree to promptly correct any information
provided by  it for use in the Form S-4 or the Joint Proxy Statement that
shall have  become false or misleading.   (b) Company, acting through its
Board of Directors, shall, subject  to and in accordance with its articles of
incorporation and by-laws,  promptly and duly call, give notice of, convene
and hold as soon as  practicable following the date upon which the Form S-4
becomes  effective a meeting of the holders of Company Common Stock (the 
"Company Stockholders Meeting") for the purpose of voting to approve  this
Agreement, and (i) except as otherwise provided in the following  sentence,
recommend approval of this Agreement and include in the Joint  Proxy
Statement such recommendation and (ii) use its reasonable best  efforts to
solicit and obtain such approval. In the event that prior to  the approval of
this Agreement by the Company\'s stockholders, the Board  of Directors of
Company receives a Superior Proposal (as defined in  Section 8.13) and the
Board of Directors of Company determines in good  faith by resolution duly
adopted after consultation with its outside  counsel that the failure to take
such action would reasonably be  expected to constitute a breach of its
fiduciary duties under Virginia  law, the Board of Directors of Company may
withdraw, amend or modify,  in a manner adverse to Purchaser, its
recommendation, provided that  before withdrawing, amending or modifying its
recommendation, it gives  Purchaser five business days\' prior written notice
of its intention to  do so and during such time, Company, if requested by
Purchaser, shall  have engaged in good faith negotiations to amend this
Agreement such  that the Board of Directors of Company may continue to
recommend the  approval of this Agreement. The    -36-     parties
agree that nothing in this Section 5.1 shall in any way limit  or otherwise
affect Purchaser\'s right to terminate this Agreement  pursuant to Section
7.1(c) at such time as the requirements of such  subsection have been met.
Any such withdrawal, amendment or  modification of the recommendation shall
not (x) change the adoption of  this Agreement or any other approval of the
Board of Directors of  Company in any respect that would have the effect of
causing the  threshold restrictions on Company Common Stock ownership in
Company\'s  articles of incorporation, the Company Rights Agreement and any 
Virginia corporate takeover statute or other similar statute to be 
applicable to the transactions contemplated hereby, including the  Merger, or
the transactions contemplated by the Option Agreement, or  (y) change the
obligation of Company to present this Agreement for  approval at the Company
Stockholders Meeting on the earliest  practicable date. At any such meeting
following any withdrawal,  amendment or modification of Company\'s
recommendation of this  Agreement, Company may submit this Agreement to its
stockholders  without recommendation (although the adoption of this Agreement
by the  Board of Directors of Company may not be rescinded or amended), in 
which event the Board of Directors of Company may communicate the basis  for
its lack of a recommendation to its stockholders in the Joint Proxy 
Statement or an appropriate amendment or supplement thereto to the  extent
required by law. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall  prohibit Company
from taking and disclosing to its stockholders a  position contemplated by
Rule 14e-2(a) promulgated under the Exchange  Act or from making disclosure
of the fact that a proposal for an  Alternative Transaction has been made,
the identity of the party making  the proposal or the material terms of such
proposal in the Form S-4 or  the Joint Proxy Statement, to the extent
disclosure of such facts,  identity or terms is advisable under applicable
law (and the disclosure  of such facts, by itself, shall not be deemed a
withdrawal or adverse  modification or amendment of its approval or
recommendation to  stockholders of the Merger).   (c) During the term of
this Agreement, Company shall not take any  actions to exempt any Person
other than Purchaser and Merger Sub from  the Company Rights Agreement, the
threshold restrictions on Company  Common Stock ownership in Company\'s
articles of incorporation, or make  any Virginia state takeover statute or
similar statute inapplicable to  any Alternative Transaction unless, in any
such case, the Board of  Directors of Company determines in good faith after
consultation with  its outside counsel that failure to take such action would
reasonably  be expected to constitute a breach of its fiduciary duties
under  Virginia law.   (d) Company will cause its transfer agent to make
stock transfer  records relating to Company available to the extent
reasonably  necessary to effectuate the intent of this Agreement.   (e)
Purchaser, acting through its Board of Directors, shall,  subject to and in
accordance with its articles of incorporation and  by-laws, promptly and duly
call, give notice of, convene and hold as  soon as practicable following the
date on which the Form S-4 becomes  effective, a meeting of the holders of
Purchaser Common Stock (the  "Purchaser Stockholders Meeting") for the
purpose of voting to approve  the Share    -37-     Issuance.
Purchaser shall recommend such approval to its stockholders  and use its
reasonable best efforts to solicit and obtain such  approval. The Board of
Directors of Purchaser shall not withhold,  withdraw, amend or modify in any
manner adverse to Company its  recommendation referred to in the preceding
sentence (or announce  publicly its intention to do so). Nothing contained in
this Agreement  shall prohibit Purchaser from making any factual disclosure
regarding  this Agreement, the Option Agreement, the parties hereto, or any
of the  transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, if such disclosure is 
advisable under applicable law (and the disclosure of such information,  by
itself, shall not be deemed a withdrawal or adverse modification or 
amendment of its approval or recommendation to its stockholders of the  Share
Issuance).   (f) Company and Purchaser shall endeavor to hold the Company 
Stockholder Meeting and the Purchaser Stockholder Meeting as closely 
together in time as practicable and, to the extent possible, on the  same
date.   5.2. Accountant\'s Letters.   (a) Purchaser shall use its
reasonable best efforts to cause to be  delivered to Company a letter from
Purchaser\'s independent public  accountants, dated (i) the date on which the
Form S-4 shall become  effective, and (ii) the Closing Date, addressed to
Purchaser, in form  and substance reasonably satisfactory to Company and
customary in scope  and substance for comfort letters delivered by
independent public  accountants in connection with registration statements
similar to the  Form S-4.   (b) Company shall use its reasonable best
efforts to cause to be  delivered to Purchaser a letter from Company\'s
independent public  accountants, dated (i) the date on which the Form S-4
shall become  effective, and (ii) the Closing Date, addressed to Company
and  Purchaser, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Purchaser 
and customary in scope and substance for comfort letters delivered by 
independent public accountants in connection with registration  statements
similar to the Form S-4.   5.3. Access to Information. Upon reasonable
notice, each party shall (and shall cause its Subsidiaries to) afford to the
officers, employees, accountants, counsel, financial advisors and other
representatives of the other party reasonable access during normal business
hours, during the period prior to the Effective Time, to such of its
properties, books, contracts, commitments, records, officers and employees as
the other party may reasonably request and, during such period, such party
shall (and shall cause its Subsidiaries to) furnish promptly to the other
party (a) a copy of each report, schedule, registration statement and other
document filed, published, announced or received by it during such period
pursuant to the requirements of Federal or state securities laws, as
applicable (other than documents which such party is not permitted to
disclose under applicable law), and (b) consistent with its legal
obligations, all other information concerning it and its business, properties
and personnel as such other party may reasonably request; provided, however,
that either party may restrict the foregoing access to the extent that any
law, treaty, rule or regulation of any Governmental Entity applicable to such
party requires such party or its Subsidiaries to restrict access to
any properties or information (but only if such    -38-    party shall
have used commercially reasonable efforts to get any such restriction
waived). The parties will hold any such information which is non-public in
confidence to the extent required by, and in accordance with, the provisions
of the confidentiality agreement between Company and Purchaser
(the "Confidentiality Agreement"). Any investigation by Purchaser or Company
shall not affect the representations and warranties of Company or Purchaser,
as the case may be.   5.4. Reasonable Best Efforts.   (a) Subject to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, each  party will use its reasonable
best efforts to prepare and file as  promptly as practicable all
documentation to effect all necessary  applications, notices, petitions,
filings, tax ruling requests and  other documents and to obtain as promptly
as practicable all consents,  waivers, licenses, orders, registrations,
approvals, permits, tax  rulings and authorizations necessary or advisable to
be obtained from  any third party and/or any Governmental Entity in order to
consummate  the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by
this  Agreement or any transaction contemplated by the Option Agreement.
Upon  the terms and subject to the conditions hereof, each party will use
its  reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, to 
do, or cause to be done, all things reasonably necessary to satisfy the 
conditions to Closing set forth herein and to consummate the  transactions
contemplated hereby.   (b) In furtherance and not in limitation of the
foregoing, each  party hereto agrees to make an appropriate filing of a
Notification and  Report Form pursuant to the HSR Act with respect to the
transactions  contemplated hereby and by the Option Agreement as promptly
as  practicable after the date hereof and to supply as promptly as 
practicable any additional information and documentary material that  may be
requested pursuant to the HSR Act. Each of Purchaser and Company  shall
cooperate in all respects with each other in connection with any  filing or
submission and in connection with any investigation or other  inquiry under
the HSR Act.   (c) In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing,
the  parties agree that Purchaser shall make as promptly as practicable
such  filings as are required in connection with this Agreement and the 
transactions contemplated hereby on its behalf, including the "Form A" 
regulatory filings to be made with the Virginia State Corporation  Commission
and shall, in consultation with Company, coordinate the  conduct of any
hearing or hearings before the Virginia State  Corporation Commission in
connection with such filings. Company and  Purchaser will reasonably
cooperate with regard to the content of the  filings referred to in the first
sentence of this Section 5.4(c).  Company and Purchaser, as the case may be,
shall submit all such  filings and hearing testimony, witness lists and other
similar  materials relating to any hearing to the other for its review prior
to  filing and shall incorporate the reasonable comments of the other 
party.   (d) Nothing contained in this Section 5.4 shall be construed as 
requiring Purchaser to agree to any conditions which would impose (i)  any
limitations on Purchaser\'s ownership or operation of all or any  portion of
its, any of its Subsidiaries\', or    -39-     Company\'s (or any of
its Subsidiaries\') business or assets, or to  compel Purchaser or any of its
Subsidiaries to dispose of or hold  separate all or any portion of its, any
of its Subsidiaries\' or  Company\'s or any of its Subsidiaries\' business or
assets, (ii) any  limitations on the ability of Purchaser to acquire or hold
or to  exercise full rights of ownership of the Company Common Stock, (iii) 
any obligations on Purchaser or any of its Subsidiaries or Company or  any of
its Subsidiaries to maintain facilities, operations, places of  business,
employment levels, products or businesses or (iv) any other  obligation,
restriction, limitation, qualification or other conditions,  which, in the
case of any of clauses (i) through (iv) above, would be  reasonably likely to
have a material and adverse effect on Purchaser  and its Subsidiaries, taken
as a whole, have a material and adverse  effect on Company and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or materially  impair the long-term benefits
sought to be derived from the Merger.   5.5. No Solicitation of
Transactions. Company agrees that, during the term of this Agreement, it
shall not, and shall not authorize or permit any of its Subsidiaries or any
of its or its Subsidiaries\' directors, officers, employees, agents or
representatives (including any investment banker, attorney or accountant
retained by it or any of its Subsidiaries), directly or indirectly, to
solicit, initiate, encourage or facilitate, or furnish or disclose non-public
information in furtherance of, any inquiries or the making of any proposal
with respect to any Alternative Transaction (as defined in Section 8.13), or
negotiate, explore or otherwise engage in discussions with any Person (other
than Purchaser, Merger Sub or their respective directors, officers,
employees, agents and representatives) with respect to any
Alternative Transaction or enter into any agreement, arrangement or
understanding requiring it to abandon, terminate or fail to consummate the
Merger or any other transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Option
Agreement; provided that, at any time prior to the approval of this Agreement
by Company\'s stockholders, Company may furnish information to, and negotiate
or otherwise engage in discussions with, any party who delivers a bona fide
written proposal for an Alternative Transaction which was not solicited or
encouraged after the date of this Agreement, if and so long as the Board of
Directors of Company determines in good faith by resolution duly adopted
after consultation with its outside legal counsel that the failure to provide
such information or engage in such negotiations or discussions is or would
reasonably be expected to constitute a breach of the directors\' fiduciary
duties under Virginia law and determines in good faith that such a proposal
is a Superior Proposal. Company shall notify Purchaser promptly of such
inquiries, proposals or offers received by, or any such discussions or
negotiations sought to be initiated or continued with, any of its
representatives, indicating the name of such Person and providing to
Purchaser a copy of such written proposal or offer for an Alternative
Transaction. Prior to providing any information or data to, or entering into
any negotiations or discussions with, any Person in connection with a
proposal or offer for an Alternative Transaction, Company shall (i) give to
Purchaser five business days\' prior written notice of its intention to do
so, and during such time shall, if requested by Purchaser, engage in good
faith negotiations to amend this Agreement such that the Board of Directors
of Company will not be required to provide such information pursuant to its
fiduciary duties, and (ii) receive from such Person an executed
confidentiality agreement containing terms and provisions at least as
restrictive as those contained in the Confidentiality Agreement (which shall
not preclude discussions or negotiations relating to the proposal or offer
from such Person). Company agrees that it will keep Purchaser   
-40-    informed, on a prompt basis, of the status and terms of any such
proposals or offers and the status of any such discussions or negotiations
and that it will deliver to Purchaser copies of (or, if oral, summaries of)
any changes to any proposals or offers. Company agrees that it will
immediately cease and cause to be terminated any existing activities,
discussions or negotiations with any parties conducted prior to the date of
this Agreement with respect to any Alternative Transaction and will not waive
any rights under any standstill or confidentiality agreements entered into
with such parties.   5.6. Employee Benefits Matters.   (a) Continuation
and Comparability of Benefits. From the Effective  Time until December 31,
2003 (the "Benefits Continuation Period"), the  Surviving Corporation shall
provide compensation and Benefits Plans to  the current and former employees
of Company and its Subsidiaries (other  than those current and former
employees whose terms and conditions of  employment are subject to a
collective bargaining agreement) that are  in the aggregate no less favorable
than those provided to the current  and former employees of the Company and
its Subsidiaries as of the  Effective Date. On or prior to January 1, 2004,
the Purchaser shall  have caused the compensation and Benefit Plans providing
compensation  and benefits to the current and former employees of Purchaser
(other  than current and former employees of the Surviving Corporation and
its  Subsidiaries) on the one hand, and the current and former employees of 
the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries, on the other hand, to  be in
the aggregate comparable for similarly situated current and  former
employees.   (b) Pre-Existing Limitations; Service Credit. With respect to
any  Benefit Plans in which any Company employees first become eligible to 
participate, on or after the Effective Time, and which are plans that  the
Company employees did not participate in prior to the Effective  Time (the
"New Company Plans"), Purchaser shall: (A) waive all  pre-existing
conditions, exclusions and waiting periods with respect to  participation and
coverage requirements applicable to the Company  employees under any health
and welfare New Company Plans in which such  employees may be eligible to
participate after the Effective Time, and  deductibles, coinsurance or
maximum out-of-pocket payments made by  Company employees during the calendar
year in which the Effective Time  occurs shall reduce the amount of
deductibles, coinsurance and maximum  out-of-pocket payments under the New
Company Plans; provided that such  Company employee and covered family
members were enrolled in comparable  coverage under the Benefit Plans of
Company on the Effective Time and  continuously thereafter until the
effective time of coverage in the New  Company Plans, and (B) recognize
service of the Company employees with  Company (or otherwise credited by
Company) accrued prior to the  Effective Time for purposes of eligibility to
participate and vesting  credit (and levels of benefits) in any New Company
Plan in which such  employees may be eligible to participate after the
Effective Time, to  the extent service is taken into account under the
applicable New  Company Plan; provided, however, in no event shall any credit
be given  to the extent it would result in the duplication of benefits for
the  same period of service. Service with Company will also be recognized 
under any New Company Plan that is a   -41-     defined benefit pension
plan with a benefit formula based upon final  average compensation, with an
offset for any benefit payable for the  same period of service with Company
under any defined benefit plan of  Company.   (c) Retention Agreements.
Company and Purchaser have entered into  binding employment arrangements with
the certain executives of Company  set forth on Exhibit B hereto.   (d)
Company Plans. From and after the Effective Time, Purchaser  shall and shall
cause its affiliates (including the Surviving  Corporation and its
Subsidiaries) to honor all Company Plans in  accordance with their terms as
in effect immediately before the  Effective Time, subject to any amendment or
termination thereof that  may be permitted by such terms. Without limiting
the generality of the  foregoing sentence, Purchaser shall cause the Company
to continue (i)  its Retirement Program without modification through December
31, 2003  and shall maintain the defined benefit portion of such plan,
without  modification, through October 1, 2003; and (ii) its annual and
long  term incentive plans (the "Bonus Plans") in effect throughout the 
Benefits Continuation Period; provided that (i) the Purchaser or  Company may
modify the performance measures under the Bonus Plans to  reflect equitably
and appropriately the transactions contemplated by  this Agreement subject to
the consent of the CEO of the Company as of  the date hereof, which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld; (ii)  the target bonus as a percentage of
base salary shall not be reduced  throughout the Benefits Continuation
Period; and (iii) the Company  performance in respect of calculations made
under the Bonus Pans for  2002 and 2003 calendar years shall be calculated
without taking into  account any changes, expenses or costs associated with
or arising as a  result of the transactions contemplated by the Agreement or
any  non-recurring charges that would not reasonably be expected to have 
been incurred had the transactions contemplated by this Agreement not 
occurred, and Company may modify the Bonus Plans accordingly.   (e)
Subsequent Disposition. If Purchaser disposes of Company or  any of its
Subsidiaries or all or substantially all of their respective  assets during
the Benefits Continuation Period, Purchaser shall require  the purchaser of
Company, its Subsidiaries or their respective assets,  as the case may be, to
expressly agree to assume and perform the  provisions of this Section 5.6
through the remainder of the Benefits  Continuation Period with respect to
provision of compensation and  benefits.   (f) Employee Stock Purchase
Plan. Company shall take all action to  the extent necessary (including
amending the Company ESPP) such that  the Company ESPP will terminate
immediately prior to the Effective Time  and all participants will
automatically exercise their purchase rights  immediately prior to the
termination of the plan. Purchaser shall take  all action to the extent
necessary (including amending the Purchaser  ESPP) such that the employees of
Company or its Subsidiaries prior to  the Effective Time who become employees
of Purchaser or one of its  Subsidiaries after the Effective Time shall be
eligible to participate  in the Purchaser ESPP as soon as practicable after
the Effective Time.   -42-     5.7. Directors\' and Officers\'
Indemnification and Insurance.   (a) The Surviving Corporation shall, and
Purchaser shall cause the  Surviving Corporation to, (i) indemnify and hold
harmless, and provide  advancement of expenses to, all past and present (as
of the Effective  Time) directors, officers and employees of Company and its
Subsidiaries  (the "Indemnified Persons") to the same extent such persons
are  indemnified or have the right to advancement of expenses as of the
date  of this Agreement by Company pursuant to Company\'s articles of 
incorporation, by-laws and indemnification agreements, if any, in  existence
on the date hereof with any current or former directors,  officers and
employees of Company and its Subsidiaries (but in any  event to the fullest
extent permitted by law) for acts or omissions  occurring at or prior to the
Effective Time (including for acts or  omissions occurring in connection with
the approval of this Agreement  and the Option Agreement and the consummation
of the transactions  contemplated hereby and thereby), and (ii) purchase as
of the Effective  Time a tail policy to the current policy of directors\' and
officers\'  liability insurance and fiduciary liability insurance maintained
by  Company which tail policy shall be effective for a period from the 
Effective Time through and including the date six years after the  Closing
Date with respect to claims arising from facts or events that  occurred on or
before the Effective Time, and which tail policy shall  contain substantially
the same coverage and amounts, and contain terms  and conditions no less
advantageous, in the aggregate, as that coverage  currently provided by such
current policy; provided, however, that in  no event shall the Surviving
Corporation be required to expend, for the  entire tail policy, in excess of
400% of the annual premium currently  paid by Company for its current policy
of directors\' and officers\'  liability insurance and fiduciary liability
insurance; and, provided,  further, that if the premium of such insurance
coverage exceeds such  amount, the Surviving Corporation after consultation
with Company shall  be obligated to obtain a policy with the greatest
coverage available  for a cost not exceeding such amount.   (b) To the
extent permitted by the IBCL, the articles of  incorporation and by-laws of
the Surviving Corporation shall contain  provisions with respect to
indemnification, advancement of expenses and  exculpation from liability at
least as favorable to the Indemnified  Persons as those set forth in the
current articles of incorporation and  by-laws of Company, and for a period
of six years from the Effective  Time, those provisions shall not be repealed
or amended or otherwise  modified in any manner that would adversely affect
the rights  thereunder as of the Effective Time of the Indemnified Persons,
except  to the extent, if any, that such modification is required after the 
Effective Time by applicable law.   (c) Notwithstanding anything herein to
the contrary, if any claim,  action, suit, proceeding or investigation
(whether arising before, at  or after the Effective Time) is made against any
Indemnified Persons on  or prior to the sixth anniversary of the Effective
Time, the provisions  of this Section 5.7 shall continue in effect until the
final  disposition of such claim, action, suit, proceeding or
investigation.   -43-     (d) The covenants contained in this Section
5.7 are intended to be  for the benefit of, and shall be enforceable by, each
of the  Indemnified Persons and their respective heirs and legal 
representatives and shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights  to
which an Indemnified Persons is entitled, whether pursuant to law,  contract
or otherwise.   (e) In the event that the Surviving Corporation or any of
its  successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any other 
Person and shall not be the continuing or surviving corporation or  entity of
such consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers or conveys all  or
substantially all of its properties and assets to any Person, then,  and in
each such case, proper provision shall be made so that the  successors or
assigns of the Surviving Corporation, as the case may be,  shall succeed to
the obligations set forth in this Section 5.7.   5.8. Notification of
Certain Matters. Company shall use reasonable commercial efforts to give
prompt notice to Purchaser, and Purchaser shall use reasonable commercial
efforts to give prompt notice to Company, to the extent that either acquires
actual knowledge of (i) the occurrence or non-occurrence of any event the
occurrence or non-occurrence of which would be reasonably likely to cause any
representation or warranty contained in this Agreement to be untrue or
inaccurate and (ii) any failure of Company, Purchaser or Merger Sub, as
the case may be, to comply with or satisfy any covenant, condition or
agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it hereunder; provided,
however, that the delivery of any notice pursuant to this Section 5.8 shall
not limit or otherwise affect the remedies available hereunder to the party
receiving such notice.   5.9. Public Announcements. Purchaser and Company
shall develop a joint communications plan and each party shall (i) ensure
that all press releases and other public statements with respect to this
Agreement, the Option Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby or
thereby shall be consistent with such joint communications plan, and (ii)
unless otherwise required by applicable law or by obligations pursuant to any
listing agreement with or rules of any securities exchange, consult with each
other a reasonable time before issuing any press release or otherwise making
any public statement, and mutually agree upon any such press release or
public statement, with respect to this Agreement, the Option Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. In addition to the foregoing,
except to the extent disclosed in the Joint Proxy Statement in accordance
with the provisions of Section 5.1, neither Purchaser nor Company shall issue
any press release or otherwise make any public statement or disclosure
concerning the other party or the other party\'s business, financial
condition or results of operations without the consent of the
other party.   5.10. Listing of Shares of Purchaser Common Stock. Prior to
the Closing Date, Purchaser shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause
the shares of Purchaser Common Stock to be issued in the Merger to be
approved for listing on the NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance.  
-44-     5.11. Affiliates. Promptly after execution and delivery of
this Agreement, Company shall deliver to Purchaser a letter identifying all
persons who, in the opinion of Company, may be deemed as of the date hereof
"affiliates" of Company for purposes of Rule 145 under the Securities Act,
and such list shall be updated as necessary to reflect changes from the date
thereof. Company shall use reasonable efforts to cause each person identified
on such list to deliver to Purchaser not less than 30 days prior to the
Effective Time, a written agreement substantially in the form attached as
Exhibit C hereto (an "Affiliate Agreement").   5.12. Transition Team.
Promptly following execution of this Agreement, the parties shall establish a
transition planning team (the "Transition Team") comprised of an equal number
of representatives of Company and Purchaser. The Transition Team shall be
responsible for facilitating a transition and integration planning process to
ensure the successful combination of the operations of Company with those of
Purchaser. The Transition Team shall be responsible for developing, and
monitoring the development of, and deliverables due under, an action plan for
the combination of the businesses. The Transition Team shall also meet
regularly to review the financial performance of Company and its affiliates
and at such meetings Company shall advise the Transition Team of the status
of achieving Company\'s then current operating plan (as has been presented to
Purchaser).   5.13. Management Responsibilities; Headquarters. At the
Effective Time, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Company shall be
named the President of the Southeast Region of Purchaser with the
responsibility for Purchaser\'s health benefits operations in the Southeast
Region and shall be based in Richmond, Virginia and shall report directly to
the Chief Executive Officer of Purchaser. The headquarters and the principal
executive offices of the Southeast Region of Purchaser, and of Trigon Blue
Cross and Blue Shield, shall be in Richmond, Virginia.   5.14. Tax-Free
Reorganization Treatment. The parties hereto shall use their commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the Merger to be treated as a reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code and shall not knowingly take
or fail to take any action which action or failure to act would prevent (a)
the qualification of the Merger as a reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Code or (b) the receipt of the opinions of Tax counsel
in such form and upon such matters as described in Section 6.2(c) and Section
6.3(c). Unless required by law, each of Purchaser, Merger Sub, and Company
shall not file any Tax Return or take any position inconsistent with
the treatment of the Merger as a reorganization described in Section 368(a)
of the Code. Prior to the Effective Time, the parties shall use their
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the opinions of tax counsel in such
form and upon such matters as described in Section 6.2(c) and Section
6.3(c).   5.15. Representation on Purchaser Board. Immediately after
the Effective Time, Purchaser shall appoint three of Company\'s current
directors (none of whom shall be an employee of Company) to the Board of
Directors of Purchaser. Such directors shall be appointed to each of the
three classes of the Board of Directors of Purchaser such that their terms of
office expire at the annual meeting of stockholders of Purchaser in 2003,
2004 and 2005, respectively.   -45-    It is the current intention of
the parties that each such director shall be nominated for election upon the
expiration of his or her term of office.   5.16. Other Obligations. From and
after the date hereof, Company (i) shall use commercially reasonable efforts
to meet the goal of repurchasing, by the Closing Date, in accordance with
prudent business practices, for cash all commercial paper issued by Company
or any of its Subsidiaries (whether outstanding as of the date hereof or
issued hereafter) and (ii) shall, in accordance with prudent business
practices, pursue as a goal the existence of cash and/or cash equivalents at
Closing in an aggregate amount in accordance with disclosures made to rating
agencies prior to the date hereof with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereby. The parties acknowledge that contingencies may arise and
facts may change, including the value of Company\'s investment portfolio,
such that Company may, in its reasonable judgment, vary from the foregoing as
appropriate; provided that Company consult and cooperate with Purchaser in
good faith prior to any such variance.    ARTICLE VI  CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT   6.1. Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect the
Merger. The respective obligations of Company, Purchaser and Merger Sub to
effect the Merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver on or prior to
the Closing Date of the following conditions:   (a) No Injunctions or
Restraints, Illegality. (i) No Governmental  Entity or federal or state court
of competent jurisdiction shall have  enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced
or entered any statute, rule,  regulation, executive order, decree, judgment,
injunction or other  order (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent), in
any case which  is in effect and which prevents or prohibits consummation of
the  Merger; and (ii) no Governmental Entity shall have instituted any 
action or proceeding (which remains pending at what would otherwise be  the
Closing Date) before any United States court or other Governmental  Entity of
competent jurisdiction seeking to enjoin, restrain or  otherwise prohibit
consummation of the transactions contemplated by  this Agreement.   (b) HSR
Act. The waiting period (and any extension thereof)  applicable to the Merger
under the HSR Act shall have been terminated  or shall have expired.   (c)
NYSE Listing. The shares of Purchaser Common Stock to be  issued in the
Merger shall have been approved for listing on the NYSE,  subject to official
notice of issuance.   (d) Effectiveness of the Form S-4. The Form S-4 shall
have been  declared effective by the SEC under the Securities Act. No stop
order  suspending the effectiveness of the Form S-4 shall have been issued
by  the SEC and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been initiated 
or threatened by the SEC.   -46-     (e) Company Stockholder Approval.
This Agreement shall have been  approved by the Required Company Vote at the
Company Stockholders  Meeting.   (f) Purchaser Stockholder Approval. The
Share Issuance shall have  been approved by the Required Purchaser Vote at
the Purchaser  Stockholders Meeting.   (g) Required Governmental Consents.
The Necessary Consents shall  have been obtained, and shall be in full force
and effect.   (h) BCBSA. Any required approval of the BCBSA shall have
been  obtained, so that the right of the Company\'s Subsidiaries to use the 
Blue Cross and Blue Shield name in Company\'s Subsidiaries licensed  service
area shall remain in full force and effect after the Merger.   6.2.
Additional Conditions to Obligations of Purchaser and Merger Sub. The
obligations of Purchaser and Merger Sub to effect the Merger are subject
to the satisfaction or waiver by Purchaser, on or prior to the Closing Date,
of the following conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties. (i) The
representations and  warranties of Company set forth in the last sentence of
Section  3.2(a)(i), Section 3.2(b), Section 3.2(c)(i), Section
3.2(c)(ii)(A),  Section 3.2(g), Section 3.2(h), Section 3.2(j)(ii) (but only
with  respect to the actions contemplated by Section 4.1(c)), Section 
3.2(o)(xi), Section 3.2(u), Section 3.2(v) and Section 3.2(w) of this 
Agreement shall, in the aggregate, be true and correct in all material 
respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as 
though made on and as of the Closing Date (except to the extent that  such
representations and warranties speak as of another date); and (ii)  the
representations and warranties of Company (other than those set  forth in
clause (i) above) (in each case, read without any materiality,  material or
Material Adverse Effect qualifications) shall be true and  correct as of the
date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date  (except to the extent that
such representations and warranties speak as  of another date), other than
such failures to be true and correct that  would not reasonably be expected
to have, individually or in the  aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on
Company. Purchaser shall have  received a certificate of the chief executive
officer and the chief  financial officer of Company to such effect.   (b)
Performance of Obligations of Company. Company shall have  performed or
complied in all material respects with all agreements and  covenants required
to be performed by it under this Agreement at or  prior to the Closing Date.
Purchaser shall have received a certificate  of the chief executive officer
and the chief financial officer of  Company to such effect.   (c) Tax
Opinion. Purchaser shall have received from Baker and  Daniels, counsel to
Purchaser, on the Closing Date, a written opinion  dated such date, based on
customary representations of Company and  Purchaser that counsel to Purchaser
deems relevant, to the effect that  (i) the Merger will be treated for
federal income tax purposes as a  reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Code and  (ii) Company,   -47-     Purchaser and
Merger Sub will each be a party to the reorganization  within the meaning of
Section 368(b) of the Code.   (d) Necessary Consents. None of the Necessary
Consents shall  contain any terms or conditions that would have any of the
effects  specified in clauses (i) through (iv) of Section 5.4(d).   (e)
Accountant\'s Letter. Purchaser shall have received, in form  and substance
reasonably satisfactory to Purchaser, from Company\'s  independent public
accountants the "comfort" letter described in  Section 5.2(b).   6.3.
Additional Conditions to Obligations of Company. The obligations of Company
to effect the Merger are subject to the satisfaction of, or waiver
by Company, on or prior to the Closing Date of the following additional
conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties. (i) The representations
and  warranties of Purchaser and Merger Sub set forth in the last sentence 
of Section 3.1(a), Section 3.1(b), Section 3.1(c)(i), Section  3.1(c)(ii)(A),
Section 3.1(f), Section 3.1(h), Section 3.1(l), Section  3.1(n), Section
3.3(b), and Section 3.3(c) of this Agreement shall, in  the aggregate, be
true and correct in all material respects as of the  date of this Agreement
and as of the Closing Date as though made on and  as of the Closing Date
(except to the extent that such representations  and warranties speak as of
another date); and (ii) the representations  and warranties of Purchaser and
Merger Sub (other than those set forth  in clause (i) above) (in each case,
read without any materiality,  material or Material Adverse Effect
qualifications) shall be true and  correct as of the date of this Agreement
and as of the Closing Date  (except to the extent that such representations
and warranties speak as  of another date), other than such failures to be
true and correct that  would not reasonably be expected to have, individually
or in the  aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Purchaser. Company shall
have  received a certificate of the chief executive officer and the chief 
financial officer of Purchaser to such effect.   (b) Performance of
Obligations of Purchaser and Merger Sub.  Purchaser and Merger Sub shall have
performed or complied in all  material respects with all agreements and
covenants required to be  performed by them under this Agreement at or prior
to the Closing Date.  Company shall have received a certificate of the chief
executive  officer and the chief financial officer of Purchaser to such
effect.   (c) Tax Opinion. Company shall have received from McGuireWoods 
LLP, counsel to Company, on the Closing Date, a written opinion dated  such
date, based on customary representations of Company and Purchaser  that
counsel to Company deems relevant, to the effect that (i) the  Merger will be
treated for federal income tax purposes as a  reorganization within the
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code; and  (ii) Company, Purchaser and
Merger Sub will each be a party to the  reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(b) of the Code.   -48-     (d) Accountant\'s Letter. Company
shall have received from  Purchaser\'s independent public accountants the
"comfort" letter  described in Section 5.2(b).   (e) Termination of
Walkaway Right. Either (a) the Determination  Date shall have occurred and,
as of the Determination Date, Company  shall have no right to terminate the
Agreement pursuant to Section  7.1(i) or (b) the Determination Date shall
have occurred and any right  which Company had as of the Determination Date
to terminate this  Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1(i) shall have
terminated, lapsed,  been withdrawn or been eliminated pursuant to a
Purchaser election  pursuant to Section 7.1(i).    ARTICLE VII 
TERMINATION AND AMENDMENT   7.1. Termination. This Agreement may be
terminated and the Merger contemplated hereby may be abandoned at any time
prior to the Closing Date, whether before or after approval of matters
presented in connection with the Merger by the stockholders of Company or
Purchaser:   (a) By mutual written consent of Purchaser and Company;   (b)
By either Purchaser or Company, if the Merger shall not have  been
consummated on or before the date that is 9 months after the date  of this
Agreement (other than due principally to the failure of the  party seeking to
terminate this Agreement to perform any obligations  under this Agreement
required to be performed at or prior to the  Effective Time);   (c) By
Purchaser, if (i) the Board of Directors of Company shall  withdraw, amend or
modify its recommendation that its stockholders  approve this Agreement in a
manner adverse to Purchaser or (ii) the  Board of Directors of Company adopts
or recommends any Alternative  Transaction.   (d) By Purchaser, if any
required approval of the stockholders of  Company of this Agreement shall not
have been obtained by reason of the  failure to obtain the Required Company
Vote at the Company Stockholders  Meeting or at any adjournment thereof;  
(e) By Purchaser or Company, if any required approval of the  stockholders of
Purchaser of the Share Issuance shall not have been  obtained by reason of
the failure to obtain the Required Purchaser Vote  at the Purchaser
Stockholders Meeting or at any adjournment thereof;   (f) By Purchaser or
Company, if any court or other governmental  body of competent jurisdiction
shall have issued a final order, decree  or ruling or taken any other final
action restraining, enjoining or  otherwise prohibiting the Merger and such
order, decree, ruling or  other action is or shall have become final and
nonappealable;   -49-     (g) By Company, if (i) prior to the Closing
Date there shall have  been a breach or inaccuracy of any representation,
warranty, covenant  or agreement on the part of Purchaser or Merger Sub
contained in this  Agreement, which breach would (A) give rise to the failure
of a  condition set forth in Section 6.3 and (B) is incapable of being
cured  prior to the Closing Date by Purchaser or is not cured within 45
days  of notice of such breach, or (ii) any of the conditions set forth in 
Section 6.1 (other than 6.1(e)) shall have become incapable of 
fulfillment;   (h) By Purchaser, if (i) prior to the Closing Date there
shall  have been a breach or inaccuracy of any representation, warranty, 
covenant or agreement on the part of Company contained in this  Agreement,
which breach would (A) give rise to the failure of a  condition set forth in
Section 6.2 and (B) is incapable of being cured  prior to the Closing Date by
Company or is not cured within 45 days of  notice of such breach or (ii) any
of the conditions set forth in  Section 6.1 shall have become incapable of
fulfillment; and   (i) By Company, at any time during the five Business Day
period  commencing the day after the Determination Date, if both of the 
following conditions are satisfied:   (1) the Average Purchaser Price on the
Determination Date of  shares of Purchaser Common Stock shall be less than
$55.00;  and   (2) (i) the number obtained by dividing the Average
Purchaser  Price on the Determination Date by $70.70 (such number being 
referred to herein as the "Purchaser Common Stock Ratio")  shall be less than
(ii) the number obtained by dividing the  Index Price on the Determination
Date by the Index Price on  April 26, 2002, and subtracting 0.15 from the
quotient in this  clause (2) (ii)(such number being referred to herein as
the  "Index Ratio");   subject, however, to the following sentences of this
Section 7.1(i). If  Company elects to exercise its termination right pursuant
to the  immediately preceding sentence, it shall give prompt written notice
to  Purchaser; provided, that such notice of election to terminate may be 
withdrawn at any time within the aforementioned five Business Day  period.
During the five Business Day period commencing with its receipt  of such
notice, Purchaser shall have the option of either (I) adjusting  the Exchange
Ratio to equal a number equal to a quotient (rounded to  the nearest one-
thousandth), the numerator of which is the product of  $55.00 and the
Exchange Ratio (as then in effect) and the denominator  of which is the
Average Purchaser Price, (II) increasing the Cash  Consideration by an amount
(the "Top-Up Amount") equal to the product  of (x) the Average Purchaser
Price and (y) the positive difference  between (A) the adjusted Exchange
Ratio determined by performing (for  purposes of this clause (II) only) the
calculation set forth in the  preceding clause (I) and (B) 1.062 or (III)
increasing each of the Cash  Consideration and adjusting the Exchange Ratio
as Purchaser may  determine, so long as the sum of (i) the amount of the
increase of the  Cash Consideration and (ii) the   -50-     value of
the product of (x) the Average Purchaser Price and (y) the  Exchange Ratio as
adjusted pursuant to this clause (III) minus 1.062,  is equal to the Top-Up
Amount; provided, that Purchaser shall not be  entitled to elect to increase
the Cash Consideration pursuant to  clauses (II) or (III) unless the parties
agree (each acting reasonably  and in good faith) that the transaction, as
adjusted pursuant to this  Section 7.1(i), qualifies as a "reorganization"
within the meaning of  Section 368 of the Code. If Purchaser makes an
election contemplated by  the preceding sentence, within such five Business
Day period, it shall  give prompt written notice to Company of such election
and the revised  Exchange Ratio or the amount of the increase in the Cash
Consideration,  or both, as applicable, whereupon no termination shall be
deemed to  have occurred pursuant to this Section 7.1(i) and this Agreement
shall  remain in effect in accordance with its terms (except as the
Exchange  Ratio or the Cash Consideration, as applicable, shall have been
so  modified), and any references in this Agreement to "Exchange Ratio" or 
"Cash Consideration", as applicable shall thereafter be deemed to refer  to
the Exchange Ratio or Cash Consideration, as applicable, as adjusted 
pursuant to this Section 7.1(i).   7.2. Effect of Termination. In the event
of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1, the obligations
of the parties under this Agreement shall terminate, except for the
obligations in the confidentiality provisions of Section 5.3, and all of the
provisions of this Section 7.2, Section 7.3 and Section 8.1, and there shall
be no liability on the part of any party hereto; provided, however, that no
party hereto shall be relieved or released from any liabilities or damages
arising out of its willful breach of any provision of this Agreement. The
termination of this Agreement shall not affect the Option Agreement other
than pursuant to its terms, which shall remain in full force and effect.  
7.3. Fees and Expenses.   (a) If this Agreement is terminated pursuant
to:   (i) (x) Section 7.1(c)(i) in a case where (i) the Board of  Directors
of Company was aware of the existence of a bona fide  proposed Alternative
Transaction or the intention to propose a  bona fide Alternative Transaction
and (ii) such proposed  Alternative Transaction or intention had not been
withdrawn prior  to the taking of the actions set forth in Section 7.1(c)(i)
and  (except as provided for below in this Section 7.3(a)) at the time  of
such termination by Purchaser or (y) Section 7.1(c)(ii);   (ii) Section
7.1(d), if prior to the Company Stockholders  Meeting there has been a public
announcement of a bona fide  proposed Alternative Transaction (and such
proposed Alternative  Transaction had not been publicly withdrawn at least
two Business  Days prior to the time of such meeting); or   (iii) Section
7.1(h)(i), based on a material breach by  Company of Section 5.1(b), Section
5.1(c) or Section 5.5, in a  case where (x) the Board of Directors of Company
was aware of the  existence of a bona fide proposed Alternative Transaction
or the  intention to propose a bona fide Alternative Transaction and (y) 
such proposed   -51-     Alternative Transaction or intention had not
been withdrawn prior  to such breach,   then, (x) in the case of a
termination contemplated by Section  7.3(a)(i) (so long as (a) such
termination occurs by the end of the  first Business Day following the day on
which Purchaser receives  written notice from Company in accordance with
Section 8.2 of the  actions by the Board of Directors of Company contemplated
by Section  7.1(c)(i) or (c)(ii) and (b) the proposed Alternative Transaction
or  intention had not been withdrawn prior to the time of such termination 
by Purchaser), (I) Company shall pay to Purchaser within one Business  Day
following termination of this Agreement, a fee, in cash, of  $94,605,750.00
and (II) if Company within 12 months after such  termination either
consummates an Alternative Transaction or enters  into a definitive agreement
with respect to an Alternative Transaction,  Company shall pay to Purchaser
$94,605,750.00 simultaneously with such  consummation or entering into such
definitive agreement, as the case  may be, and (y) in the case of a
termination pursuant to any of Section  7.3(a)(i) (but (a) after the end of
the first Business Day following  the day on which Purchaser receives written
notice from Company in  accordance with Section 8.2 of the actions by the
Board of Directors of  Company contemplated by Section 7.1(c)(i) or (c)(ii)
or (b) in a case  in which the proposed Alternative Transaction or intention
had been  withdrawn prior to the time of such termination by Purchaser),
Section  7.3(a)(ii) or Section 7.3(a)(iii), if Company within 12 months
after  such termination either consummates an Alternative Transaction or 
enters into a definitive agreement with respect to an Alternative 
Transaction, Company shall pay to Purchaser $189,211,500.00  simultaneously
with such consummation or entering into such definitive  agreement, as the
case may be.   (b) Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, each
party  shall bear its own Expenses in connection with this Agreement and
the  transactions contemplated hereby, except that each Purchaser and 
Company shall bear and pay one-half of the costs and expenses incurred  in
connection with the filing, printing and mailing of the Form S-4 and  the
Joint Proxy Statement; provided, however, that if Company  withdraws, amends
or modifies its recommendation with respect to this  Agreement or the Merger,
Purchaser shall not be responsible for any  costs or expenses related to any
materials sent or delivered to  Company\'s stockholders in respect thereof.
As used in this Agreement,  "Expenses" includes all out-of-pocket expenses
(including, without  limitation, all fees and expenses of counsel,
accountants, investment  bankers, experts and consultants to a party hereto
and its affiliates)  incurred by a party or on its behalf in connection with
or related to  the authorization, preparation, negotiation, execution and
performance  of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby,
including  the preparation, printing, filing and mailing of the Form S-4 and
the  Joint Proxy Statement and the solicitation of stockholder approvals
and  all other matters related to the transactions contemplated hereby.  
-52-     ARTICLE VIII  GENERAL PROVISIONS   8.1. Non-Survival of
Representations, Warranties and Agreements. None of the representations,
warranties, covenants and other agreements in this Agreement, including any
rights arising out of any breach of such representations, warranties,
covenants and other agreements, shall survive the Effective Time or the
termination of this Agreement, as the case may be, except (a) for those
covenants and agreements contained herein that by their terms apply or are to
be performed in whole or in part after the Effective Time (including the
terms of this Article VIII) and (b) for the confidentiality provisions of
Section 5.3 and all of the provisions of Section 7.2, Section 7.3 and Section
8.1, which shall survive termination.   8.2. Notices. All notices and other
communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given
(a) on the date of delivery if delivered personally, or by telecopy upon
confirmation of receipt, (b) on the first Business Day following the date of
dispatch if delivered by a recognized next-day courier service, or (c) on the
third Business Day following the date of mailing if delivered by registered
or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. All notices
hereunder shall be delivered as set forth below, or pursuant to such other
instructions as may be designated in writing by the party to receive such
notice:   (a) if to Purchaser or Merger Sub, to   Anthem, Inc.  120
Monument Circle  Indianapolis, IN 46204  Attention: David R. Frick, General
Counsel   with a copy to   Sullivan and Cromwell  125 Broad Street  New
York,. NY 10004  Attention: Stephen M. Kotran, Esq.   and   Baker and
Daniels  300 N. Meridian Street  Suite 2700  Indianapolis, IN 46240 
Attention: James A. Aschleman, Esq.   -53-     (b) if to Company, to  
Trigon Healthcare, Inc.  2015 Staples Mill Road  Richmond, VA 23230 
Attention: Thomas R. Byrd   with a copy to   Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen and
Katz  51 West 52nd Street  New York, NY 10019  Attention: Edward D.
Herlihy, Esq.   and   McGuireWoods LLP  One James Center  901 East Cary
Street  Richmond, VA 23219-4030  Attention: R. Gordon Smith, Esq.   8.3.
Interpretation. When a reference is made in this Agreement to Sections,
Exhibits or Schedules, such reference shall be to a Section of or Exhibit or
Schedule to this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The table of contents
and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and
shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
Whenever the words "include", "includes" or "including" are used in this
Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words
"without limitation." The parties have participated jointly in the
negotiating and drafting of this Agreement and the Option Agreement. In the
event of an ambiguity or a question of intent or interpretation arises, this
Agreement and the Option Agreement shall each be construed as if drafted
jointly by the parties, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise
favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any
provisions of this Agreement or the Option Agreement.   8.4. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which
shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective
when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and
delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties need not
sign the same counterpart.   8.5. Entire Agreement; No Third Party
Beneficiaries.   (a) This Agreement, including the schedules hereto, the
Option  Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement constitute the entire 
agreement and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, both 
written and oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter 
hereof and thereof.   -54-     (b) This Agreement shall be binding upon
and inure solely to the  benefit of each party hereto, and nothing in this
Agreement, express or  implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other
Person any  right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by
reason of  this Agreement; provided, however, that Sections 1.10 and 5.7 may
be  enforced against Purchaser or the Surviving Corporation, as the case 
may be, by the Persons identified or described therein.   8.6. Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the
laws of the State of Indiana (except to the extent that Virginia law applies
to the internal and corporate affairs of Company).   8.7. Severability. If
any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or
incapable of being enforced by any law or public policy, all other terms and
provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and
effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the
transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially
adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any term or other
provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties
hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect
the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable
manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated as
originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible.   8.8. Amendment.
This Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto, by action taken or
authorized by their respective Boards of Directors, at any time before or
after approval of the matters presented in connection with the Merger by the
stockholders of Company and the stockholders of Purchaser, but, after
any such approval, no amendment shall be made which by law or in accordance
with the rules of any relevant stock exchange requires further approval by
such stockholders without such further approval. This Agreement may not be
amended except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the
parties hereto.   8.9. Extension; Waiver. At any time prior to the
Effective Time, the parties hereto, by action taken or authorized by their
respective Boards of Directors, may, to the extent legally allowed, (i)
extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts
of the other parties hereto, (ii) waive any inaccuracies in the
representations and warranties contained herein or in any document delivered
pursuant hereto or (iii) waive compliance with any of the agreements or
conditions contained herein. Any agreement on the part of a party hereto to
any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in a written
instrument signed on behalf of such party. The failure of any party to this
Agreement to assert any of its rights under this Agreement or otherwise shall
not constitute a waiver of those rights.   8.10. Assignment. Neither this
Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be
assigned by any of the parties hereto, in whole or in part (whether by
operation of law or otherwise), without the prior written consent of the
other party, and any attempt to make any such assignment without such consent
shall be null and void, except that Merger Sub may assign, in its sole
discretion, any or all of its rights, interests and obligations under this
Agreement to any direct wholly owned Subsidiary of Purchaser without the
consent of   -55-    Company, but no such assignment shall relieve
Merger Sub of any of its obligations under this Agreement. Subject to the
preceding sentence, this Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit
of and be enforceable by the parties and their respective successors and
assigns.   8.11. Submission to Jurisdiction; Waivers. Each of Purchaser
and Company irrevocably agrees that any legal action or proceeding with
respect to this Agreement or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment
in respect hereof brought by the other party hereto or its successors or
assigns shall be brought and determined in the Courts of the State of Indiana
and each of Purchaser and Company hereby irrevocably submits with regard to
any such action or proceeding for itself and in respect to its property,
generally and unconditionally, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the aforesaid
courts. Each of Purchaser and Company hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees
not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense, counterclaim or otherwise, in
any action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement, (a) any claim that
it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts
for any reason other than the failure to lawfully serve process, (b) that it
or its property is exempt or immune from jurisdiction of any such court or
from any legal process commenced in such courts (whether through service of
notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution of
judgment, execution of judgment or otherwise), and (c) to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, that (i) the suit, action or proceeding in any
such court is brought in an inconvenient forum, (ii) the venue of such suit,
action or proceeding is improper and (iii) this Agreement, or the subject
matter hereof, may not be enforced in or by such courts.   8.12.
Enforcement. The parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the
event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in
accordance with their specific terms. It is accordingly agreed that the
parties shall be entitled to specific performance of the terms hereof,
this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law
or in equity.   8.13. Definitions. As used in this Agreement.   (a)
"Alternative Transaction" means any of the following events:  (i) the
acquisition of Company by merger, consolidation, share  exchange, business
combination, reorganization, recapitalization,  liquidation, dissolution or
other similar transaction (any of the  above, a "Business Combination
Transaction") by any person other than  the Purchaser, Merger Sub or any
affiliate thereof (a "Third Party"),  (ii) Company\'s acquisition of a Third
Person in a Business Combination  Transaction in which the shareholders of
the Third Party immediately  prior to consummation of such Business
Combination Transaction will own  more than 50% of the Company\'s outstanding
capital stock immediately  following such Business Combination Transaction or
(iii) the  acquisition by a Third Party of 20% or more of the outstanding
shares  of Company Common Stock or of 20% or more of the assets of Company
and  its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, in a single transaction or a series 
of related transactions.   (b) "Average Purchaser Price" means the average
(rounded to the  nearest thousandth) of the closing trading prices of
Purchaser Common  Stock on the NYSE, as   -56-     reported in the Wall
Street Journal, Eastern Edition (or such other  source as the parties shall
agree in writing), for the 20 full trading  days ending on, and including,
the Determination Date.   (c) "BCBSA" means the Blue Cross Blue Shield
Association.   (d) "Benefit Plans" means, with respect to any Person, each 
employee benefit plan, program, arrangement and contract (including,  without
limitation, any "employee benefit plan," as defined in Section  3(3) of the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended  ("ERISA") and
any bonus, deferred compensation, stock bonus, stock  purchase, restricted
stock, stock option, employment, termination, stay  agreement or bonus,
change in control and severance plan, program,  arrangement and contract) in
effect on the date of this Agreement or  disclosed on the Company Disclosure
Schedule or the Purchaser  Disclosure Schedule, as the case may be, to which
such Person or its  Subsidiary is a party, which is maintained or contributed
to by such  Person, or with respect to which such Person could incur
material  liability under Section 4069, 4201 or 4212(c) of ERISA.   (e)
"Board of Directors" means the Board of Directors of any  specified Person
and any committees thereof.   (f) "Business Day" means any day on which
banks are not required  or authorized to close in the City of New York.  
(g) "Controlled Group" means any trade or business (whether or not 
incorporated) under common control with Company within the meaning of 
Sections 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code.   (h) "Determination Date"
means the Business Day on which the last  of the following occurs: (i) the
condition set forth in Section 6.1(e)  is satisfied, (ii) the condition set
forth in Section 6.1(f) is  satisfied, (iii) the condition set forth in
Section 6.1(h) is  satisfied, and (iv) the last of the Necessary Consents is
obtained (on  terms that satisfy Section 6.2(d)).   (i) "good standing"
means, when used with respect to the status of  any corporation domiciled or
doing business in a particular state, that  such corporation has filed its
most recent required annual report and  (i) if a domestic corporation, has
not filed articles of dissolution,  and (ii) if a foreign corporation, has
not applied for a certificate of  withdrawal and is not the subject of a
proceeding to revoke its  certificate of authority.   (j) "Index Group"
means the group of each of the health benefits  companies listed below, the
common stock of all of which shall continue  to be publicly traded and as to
which there shall not have been, on or  after April 26, 2002, and before the
Determination Date, an  announcement of a proposal for the acquisition or
sale of such company,  or an announcement that such company is considering
such a transaction.  In   -57-     the event that the common stock of
any such company ceases to be  publicly traded or any such announcement is
made with respect to any  such company, such company will be removed from the
Index Group, and  the weights (which have been determined based on the number
of  outstanding shares of common stock) redistributed proportionately for 
purposes of determining the Index Price. The relevant health benefits 
companies and the weights attributed to them are as follows:    Company
Weighting  ------- ---------   Aetna 8.5%   CIGNA 19.4%   Coventry
2.1%   First Health Group 3.8%   Health Net 4.5%   Humana 3.4%   Mid
Atlantic Medical Services 2.2%   Oxford Health Plans 5.2%   PacifiCare
Health Systems 1.1%   United Health Group 36.4%   Wellpoint Health
Networks 13.4%    If any company belonging to the Index Group or Purchaser
declares or  effects a stock dividend, reclassification, recapitalization,
split-up,  combination, exchange of shares or similar transaction between the
date  hereof and the Determination Date, the prices for the common stock of 
such company or Purchaser shall be appropriately adjusted for the  purposes
of applying Section 7.1(i).   (k) "Index Price" on a given date means the
weighted average  (weighted in accordance with the factors listed above) of
the closing  prices of the companies composing the Index Group.   (l)
"Liens" means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment,  deposit
arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), other  charge or
security interest; or any preference, priority or other  agreement or
preferential arrangement of any kind or   -58-     nature whatsoever
(including, without limitation, any conditional sale  or other title
retention agreement, or any capital lease having  substantially the same
economic effect as any of the foregoing).   (m) "Material Adverse Effect"
means, with respect to Purchaser or  Company, as the case may be, (x) any
effect that is materially adverse  to the business, assets, operations or
condition (financial or  otherwise) of Purchaser and its Subsidiaries, taken
as a whole, or  Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, respectively,
other  than any effect relating to (A) the United States or global economy
or  securities markets in general, (B) the announcement of this Agreement 
or the transactions contemplated hereby or the identity of Purchaser,  (C)
changes in applicable law or regulations or in GAAP or regulatory  accounting
principles or (D) general changes in the health benefits  business, provided,
that with respect to each of clauses (A), (C) and  (D) that such effect is
not materially more adverse with respect to the  Company and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or Purchaser and its  Subsidiaries, taken as
a whole, as the case may be, than the effect on  comparable health benefits
businesses generally, and (y) any effect  that materially impairs, materially
delays or prevents consummation of  the transactions contemplated hereby,
including the Merger.   (n) "the other party" means, with respect to
Company, Purchaser  and means, with respect to Purchaser, Company.   (o)
"Permitted Liens" means (i) any liens for taxes not yet due or  which are
being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings,  (ii) carriers\',
warehousemen\'s, mechanics\', materialmen\'s, repairmen\'s  or other similar
liens, (iii) pledges or deposits in connection with  workers\' compensation,
unemployment insurance, and other social  security legislation and (iv)
easements, rights-of-way, restrictions  and other similar encumbrances
incurred in the ordinary course of  business which, in the aggregate, are not
substantial in amount and  which do not in any case materially detract from
the value of the  property subject thereto.   (p) "Person" means an
individual, corporation, limited liability  company, partnership,
association, trust, unincorporated organization,  other entity or group (as
defined in the Exchange Act).   (q) "SEC" means the Securities and Exchange
Commission.   (r) "Subsidiary" when used with respect to any party means
any  corporation or other organization, whether incorporated or 
unincorporated, (i) of which such party or any other Subsidiary of such 
party is a general partner (excluding partnerships, the general  partnership
interests of which held by such party or any Subsidiary of  such party do not
have a majority of the voting interests in such  partnership) or (ii) at
least a majority of the securities or other  interests of which having by
their terms ordinary voting power to elect  a majority of the Board of
Directors or others performing similar  functions with respect to such
corporation or other organization is  directly or indirectly owned or  
-59-     controlled by such party or by any one or more of its
Subsidiaries, or  by such party and one or more of its Subsidiaries.   (s)
"Superior Proposal" means a bona fide written proposal made by  a Person
other than Purchaser, Merger Sub or an affiliate thereof (i)  which is for a
merger, consolidation, share exchange, business  combination, reorganization,
recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution  or other similar transaction
involving, or any purchase or acquisition  of, (A) more than fifty percent
(50%) of the voting power of Company\'s  capital stock or (B) all or
substantially all of the consolidated  assets of Company and its Subsidiaries
and (ii) which is otherwise on  terms which Company\'s Board of Directors
determines in good faith (A)  would result in a transaction that, if
consummated, is more favorable  to Company\'s stockholders, from a long-term
financial point of view,  than the Merger or, if applicable, any proposal by
the Purchaser to  amend the terms of this Agreement (based on the written
advice of a  nationally recognized investment banking firm) taking into
account all  the terms and conditions of such proposal and this Agreement and
the  relative impact of the Merger and such other proposed transaction on 
the other Persons whose interests the Board of Directors of Company may 
consider under Virginia law (to the extent they may do so), and (B) is 
reasonably capable of being completed on the terms proposed, taking  into
account all financial, regulatory, legal and other aspects of such  proposal;
provided, however, that no proposal shall be deemed to be a  Superior
Proposal if any financing required to consummate the proposal  is not
committed.   (t) "Tax" (including, with correlative meaning, the terms
"Taxes"  and "Taxable") means all federal, state, local and foreign income, 
profits, premium, franchise, gross receipts, environmental, customs  duty,
capital stock, severance, stamp, payroll, sales, employment,  unemployment,
disability, use, property, withholding, excise,  production, value added,
occupancy and other taxes, duties or  governmental levies of any nature
whatsoever, together with all  interest, penalties and additions imposed with
respect to such amounts  or filing requirements and any interest in respect
of such penalties  and additions.   (u) "Tax Return" means all returns and
reports (including  elections, declarations, disclosures, schedules,
estimates, information  returns, claims for refund, and amended returns)
relating to Taxes.   -60-     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Purchaser, Merger Sub
and Company have caused this Agreement to be signed by their respective
officers thereunto duly authorized, all as of the date first written
above.   ANTHEM, INC.    By: 
-------------------------------------------  Name: 
--------------------------------------  Title: 
-------------------------------------   AI SUB ACQUISITION CORP.    By: 
-------------------------------------------  Name: 
--------------------------------------  Title: 
-------------------------------------   TRIGON HEALTHCARE, INC.    By: 
-------------------------------------------  Name: 
--------------------------------------  Title: 
-------------------------------------           Merger Agreement
Signature Page      EXECUTION COPY  Exhibit B   EXECUTIVES WITH
RETENTION AGREEMENTS PURSUANT TO 5.6(C)   Thomas R. Byrd  Thomas G.
Snead, Jr.      EXECUTION COPY  Exhibit C   Form of Trigon Healthcare,
Inc. Affiliate Letter      April 28, 2002    Anthem, Inc. 120
Monument Circle Indianapolis, IN 46204  Ladies and Gentlemen:   I have
been advised that as of the date hereof, I may be deemed to be an "affiliate"
of Trigon Healthcare, Inc., a Virginia corporation (the "Company"), as that
term is defined for purposes of paragraphs (c) and (d) of Rule 145 of the
Rules and Regulations (the "Rules and Regulations") of the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the "Commission") under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the "Securities Act").   Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and
Plan of Merger, dated as of April 28, 2002 (as it may be amended,
supplemented or modified from time to time, the "Merger Agreement"), among
Anthem, Inc., an Indiana corporation ("Purchaser"), AI Sub Acquisition Corp.,
an Indiana corporation ("Merger Sub"), and the Company, the Company will be
merged with and into Merger Sub (the "Merger"). Capitalized terms used herein
but not defined shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in
the Merger Agreement.   In consideration of the agreements contained herein,
Purchaser\'s reliance on this letter in connection with the consummation of
the Merger and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, I hereby represent, warrant and
agree that I will not make any sale, transfer or other disposition of any
shares of Purchaser Common Stock received by me pursuant to the Merger in
violation of the Securities Act or the Rules and Regulations.   I have been
advised that the issuance of the shares of Purchaser Common Stock pursuant to
the Merger will have been registered with the Commission under the Securities
Act on a Registration Statement on Form S-4. I have also been advised,
however, that since I may be deemed to be an affiliate of the Company at the
time the Merger is submitted for a vote of the stockholders of the Company,
the Purchaser      Common Stock received by me may be disposed by me
only (i) pursuant to an effective registration under the Securities Act, (ii)
in conformity with the volume and other limitations of Rule 145 promulgated
by the Commission under the Securities Act, (iii) in reliance upon an
exemption from registration that is available under the Securities Act or
(iv) after receipt of an opinion of counsel reasonably acceptable to
Purchaser, or under a no-action or interpretative letter obtained from the
Commission, stating that, such sale, transfer or other disposition will not
violate or is otherwise exempt from registration under the Securities
Act.   I also understand that instructions will be given to
Purchaser\'s transfer agent with respect to the Purchaser Common Stock to be
received by me pursuant to the Merger and that there will be placed on the
certificates representing such shares of Purchaser Common Stock, or any
substitutes therefor, a legend stating in substance as follows:   "THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE BEEN ISSUED IN A  TRANSACTION
TO WHICH RULE 145 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF  1933, AS AMENDED,
APPLIES AND MAY ONLY BE SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED  IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE
REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 145 OR PURSUANT TO A  REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THAT
ACT OR AN EXEMPTION FROM SUCH  REGISTRATION."   It is understood and agreed
that the legend set forth above shall be removed upon surrender of
certificates bearing such legend by delivery of substitute certificates
without such legend if (i) one year shall have elapsed from the date that I
received Purchaser Common Stock in the Merger and the provisions of Rule
145(d)(2) are then applicable to me, (ii) two years shall have elapsed from
the date that I received Purchaser Common Stock in the Merger and the
provisions of Rule 145(d)(3) are then applicable to me, or (iii) I
have delivered to Purchaser an opinion of counsel, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to Purchaser, or a no-action or interpretative letter
obtained from the Commission, to the effect that such legend is not required
for purposes of the Securities Act..   I further understand and agree that
Purchaser is under no obligation to register the sale, transfer or other
disposition of Purchaser Common Stock by me or on my behalf under the
Securities Act or to take any other action necessary in order to make
compliance with an exemption from such registration available.    Neither
execution of this letter nor any provisions set forth herein should be
construed as an admission on my part that I am an "affiliate" of the Company
as described in the first paragraph of this letter, or a waiver of any right
I may have to object to any claim that I am such an affiliate on or after the
date of this letter.       By Purchaser\'s acceptance of this letter,
Purchaser hereby agrees with me that, for a period of two years after the
Effective Time (as defined in the Merger Agreement), it shall use its
reasonable efforts to (i) file, on a timely basis, all reports and data
required to be filed with the Commission by it pursuant to Section 13 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and (ii)
furnish to me upon request a written statement as to whether Purchaser has
complied with such reporting requirements during the 12 months preceding any
proposed sale of Purchaser Common Stock by me under Rule 145.   This letter
agreement constitutes the complete understanding between Purchaser and me
concerning the subject matter hereof. Any notice required to be sent to
either party hereunder shall be sent by registered or certified mail, return
receipt requested, using the addresses set forth herein or such other address
as shall be furnished in writing by the parties. This letter agreement shall
be governed by and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of
the State of Indiana.       If you are in agreement with the foregoing,
please so indicate by signing below and returning a copy of this letter to
me, at which time this letter shall become a binding agreement between
us.    Very truly yours,    -----------------------  Name:  Accepted
this ____ day of __________, 2002 by   ANTHEM,
INC.   By:_______________________  Name:_____________________ Title:____________________     '

