<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>rubadub8kex21102907.txt
<TEXT>

                                                                     Exhibit 2.1

                            STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

     STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT  ("Agreement") made this 26th day of October, 2007
by and among Rub A Dub Soap,  Inc., a Nevada  corporation  ("Parent"),  Zhongsen
International  Company Group,  Ltd.  ("the  Company") a Hong Kong ("HK") limited
liability  corporation,  and Kai  Chen,  the  sole  shareholder  of the  Company
("Seller").

                                R E C I T A L S:

        A. The  respective  Boards of  Directors  of Parent and the Company have
determined  that an  acquisition  of the  Company by Parent,  upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement,  would be fair and in the
best interests of their  respective  shareholders,  and such Boards of Directors
have approved such transaction,  pursuant to which all shares of Common Stock of
the Company ("Company Common Stock") issued and outstanding immediately prior to
the  Closing  (as defined in Section  1.03) will be  exchanged  for the right to
receive  shares  of  Common  Stock  of  Parent   representing  96.5%  of  shares
outstanding after the sale hereby (the "Sale").

        B.   Parent,   Seller   and  the   Company   desire   to  make   certain
representations,  warranties,  covenants and  agreements in connection  with the
Sale and also to prescribe various conditions to the Sale.

        C. For federal  income tax  purposes,  the parties  intend that the Sale
shall qualify as a reorganization  under the provisions of Section  368(a)(1)(B)
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code").

        NOW,  THEREFORE,  in consideration of the  representations,  warranties,
covenants  and  agreements  contained in this  Agreement,  the parties  agree as
follows:

                                    ARTICLE I
                                    THE SALE

        1.01 Stock Split. Immediately following the execution of this Agreement,
Parent shall take all actions required to affect a 2.12-for one forward split of
the  outstanding  Common  Stock of Parent,  and shall redeem for their par value
approximately 2,197 shares of Parent Common Sock from Halter Capital Corporation
("HCC"),  so that  after  such  split and  redemption  there  will be issued and
outstanding 910,000 shares of common stock.

        1.02  Transfer of Stock.  At the  Closing,  the Seller will  transfer to
Parent  10,000  shares of the Company  Common  Stock,  representing  100% of the
issued and outstanding  shares of the common stock of the Company free and clear
of all liens,  claims and encumbrances.  In exchange therefor,  the Company will
issue and convey to Seller  25,090,000  post-split  shares of common  stock (the
"Purchase  Price  Shares").  Such shares shall be restricted from transfer under
the rules and interpretations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.


<PAGE>


        1.03 Closing.  Unless this Agreement  shall have been terminated and the
transactions  herein  contemplated shall have been abandoned pursuant to Section
7.01 and subject to the  satisfaction  or waiver of the  conditions set forth in
Article  VI, the  closing of the Sale (the  "Closing")  will take place at 10:00
a.m. on the  business  day after  satisfaction  of the  conditions  set forth in
Article VI (or as soon as practicable  thereafter) (the "Closing Date"),  at the
offices of Baker & McKenzie in New York,  unless another date,  time or place is
agreed to in writing by the parties hereto.  The Sale and all other transactions
contemplated hereby shall become effective on the Closing Date.

                                   ARTICLE II
                                    RESERVED

                                   ARTICLE III
                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

        3.01 Representations and Warranties of the Company.  Except as set forth
in the Company Disclosure Schedule delivered by the Company to the Parent at the
time of  execution of this  Agreement,  the Company  represents  and warrants to
Parent as follows:

                (a)  Organization,  Standing and Corporate Power. The Company is
        duly organized,  validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
        Hong Kong and has the requisite  corporate  power and authority to carry
        on its business as now being conducted. The Company is duly qualified or
        licensed to do business and is in good standing in each  jurisdiction in
        which the  nature of its  business  or the  ownership  or leasing of its
        properties makes such qualification or licensing  necessary,  other than
        in such  jurisdictions  where the failure to be so qualified or licensed
        (individually  or in the  aggregate)  would not have a material  adverse
        effect with respect to the Company.

                (b)  Subsidiaries.  The Company  owns 100% of its  subsidiaries,
        Qingdao  (Free-Trading  Zone)  Sentaida  International  Trade Co., Ltd.,
        Qingdao  Sentaida Tires Co.,  Ltd.,  Zhongsen  Holdings Co.,  Ltd.(BVI),
        formed respectively under the laws of the People's Republic of China and
        the British Virgin Islands.

                (c)  Capital  Structure.  The  authorized  capital  stock of the
        Company  consists of 10,000  authorized  shares of Company Common Stock.
        There are 10,000  shares of Common Stock  outstanding,  all of which are
        owned by Seller.  Except as set forth above,  no shares of capital stock
        or other  equity  securities  of the Company are  issued,  reserved  for
        issuance or outstanding.  All outstanding shares of capital stock of the
        Company   are  duly   authorized,   validly   issued,   fully  paid  and
        nonassessable  and  not  subject  to  preemptive  rights.  There  are no
        outstanding  bonds,  debentures,  notes or other  indebtedness  or other
        securities of the Company having the right to vote (or convertible into,
        or exchangeable for, securities having the right to vote) on any matters
        on which  shareholders  of the  Company  may  vote.  Except as set forth
        above, there are no outstanding securities,  options,  warrants,  calls,
        rights,  commitments,  agreements,  arrangements  or undertakings of any
        kind to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound  obligating
        the Company to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued,  delivered
        or sold,  additional  shares of capital  stock or other equity or voting



                                       2
<PAGE>

        securities  of the Company or  obligating  the Company to issue,  grant,
        extend or enter into any such security,  option,  warrant,  call, right,
        commitment,   agreement,   arrangement  or  undertaking.  There  are  no
        outstanding  contractual  obligations,  commitments,  understandings  or
        arrangements of the Company to repurchase,  redeem or otherwise  acquire
        or make any  payment in  respect  of any shares of capital  stock of the
        Company.  There are no agreements or arrangements  pursuant to which the
        Company is or could be  required to  register  shares of Company  Common
        Stock or other  securities  under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
        (the "Securities Act") or other agreements or arrangements with or among
        any security  holders of the Company with respect to  securities  of the
        Company.

                (d) Authority;  Noncontravention.  The Company has the requisite
        corporate and other power and authority to enter into this Agreement and
        to  consummate  the  transactions  hereby  to which  it is a party.  The
        execution  and  delivery  of  this  Agreement  by the  Company  and  the
        consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby have
        been duly  authorized by all necessary  corporate  action on the part of
        the Company.  This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the
        Company and  constitutes a valid and binding  obligation of the Company,
        enforceable  against  the  Company in  accordance  with its  terms.  The
        execution and delivery of this Agreement do not, and the consummation of
        the transactions  contemplated by this Agreement and compliance with the
        provisions  hereof will not,  conflict  with, or result in any breach or
        violation  of, or default  (with or without  notice or lapse of time, or
        both) under,  or give rise to a right of  termination,  cancellation  or
        acceleration of or "put" right with respect to any obligation or to loss
        of a material  benefit under, or result in the creation of any lien upon
        any of the properties or assets of the Company  under,  (i) the Articles
        of  Incorporation  or  Bylaws  of the  Company,  (ii) any loan or credit
        agreement,  note, bond, mortgage,  indenture,  lease or other agreement,
        instrument,  permit, concession,  franchise or license applicable to the
        Company,  its properties or assets, or (iii) subject to the governmental
        filings and other  matters  referred to in the following  sentence,  any
        judgment,  order, decree,  statute, law, ordinance,  rule, regulation or
        arbitration  award applicable to the Company,  its properties or assets.
        No  consent,  approval,  order or  authorization  of,  or  registration,
        declaration  or filing with,  or notice to, any federal,  state or local
        government  or any court,  administrative  agency or commission or other
        governmental  authority,  agency,  domestic or foreign (a  "Governmental
        Entity"),  is required by or with  respect to the Company in  connection
        with the execution and delivery of this  Agreement by the Company or the
        consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby.

                (e) Financial  Statements  (i) The Parent has received a copy of
        the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company and Company
        Subs for the fiscal year ended  December 31, 2006 and 2005 and unaudited
        financial  statements  for the  six-months  ended June 30, 2007 and 2006
        ("Financial  Statements").  The Financial  Statements fairly present the
        financial  condition  of the  Company  at the  dates  indicated  and its
        results of their  operations  and cash flows for the periods  then ended
        and, except as indicated therein,  reflect all claims against, debts and
        liabilities of the Company, fixed or contingent, and of whatever nature.
        (ii) Since June 30, 2007 (the "Balance  Sheet Date"),  there has been no



                                       3
<PAGE>

        material adverse change in the assets or liabilities, or in the business
        or condition, financial or otherwise, or in the results of operations or
        prospects,  of the Company,  whether as a result of any  legislative  or
        regulatory  change,  revocation of any license or rights to do business,
        fire,  explosion,  accident,  casualty,  labor trouble,  flood, drought,
        riot, storm, condemnation,  act of God, public force or otherwise and no
        material adverse change in the assets or liabilities, or in the business
        or condition,  financial or otherwise, or in the results of operation or
        prospects,  of the Company  except in the  ordinary  course of business.
        (iii) Since the Balance  Sheet Date,  the Company has not  suffered  any
        damage, destruction or loss of physical property (whether or not covered
        by  insurance)  affecting  its  condition  (financial  or  otherwise) or
        operations (present or prospective), nor has the Company issued, sold or
        otherwise disposed of, or agreed to issue, sell or otherwise dispose of,
        any  capital  stock or any other  security  of the  Company  and has not
        granted  or  agreed  to grant  any  option,  warrant  or other  right to
        subscribe for or to purchase any capital stock or any other  security of
        the  Company or has  incurred  or agreed to incur any  indebtedness  for
        borrowed money.

                (f) Absence of Certain  Changes or Events.  Since June 30, 2007,
        the Company has  conducted  its  business  only in the  ordinary  course
        consistent  with past  practice,  and there is not and has not been: (i)
        any  material  adverse  change  with  respect to the  Company;  (ii) any
        condition,  event or occurrence  which  individually or in the aggregate
        could  reasonably be expected to have a material  adverse effect or give
        rise to a material adverse change with respect to the Company; (iii) any
        event  which,  if it had taken place  following  the  execution  of this
        Agreement,  would not have been  permitted by Section 4.01 without prior
        consent of Parent;  or (iv) any  condition,  event or  occurrence  which
        could reasonably be expected to prevent,  hinder or materially delay the
        ability of the Company to consummate the  transactions  contemplated  by
        this Agreement.

                (g) Litigation; Labor Matters; Compliance with Laws.

                        (i)  There  is  no  suit,   action  or   proceeding   or
                investigation  pending  or,  to the  knowledge  of the  Company,
                threatened against or affecting the Company or any basis for any
                such   suit,   action,   proceeding   or   investigation   that,
                individually or in the aggregate,  could  reasonably be expected
                to have a material adverse effect with respect to the Company or
                prevent,  hinder or materially  delay the ability of the Company
                to consummate the  transactions  contemplated by this Agreement,
                nor is there any judgment, decree, injunction,  rule or order of
                any Governmental  Entity or arbitrator  outstanding  against the
                Company  having,  or  which,  insofar  as  reasonably  could  be
                foreseen by the  Company,  in the future  could  have,  any such
                effect.

                        (ii) The  Company  is not a party to,  or bound by,  any
                collective bargaining agreement,  contract or other agreement or
                understanding with a labor union or labor  organization,  nor is
                it the subject of any proceeding asserting that it has committed
                an unfair labor practice or seeking to compel it to bargain with
                any labor  organization  as to wages or conditions of employment
                nor is there any strike,  work  stoppage or other labor  dispute
                involving it pending or, to its  knowledge,  threatened,  any of
                which could have a material  adverse  effect with respect to the
                Company.



                                       4
<PAGE>


                        (iii)  The  conduct  of  the  business  of  the  Company
                complies  with  all  statutes,  laws,  regulations,  ordinances,
                rules,   judgments,   orders,   decrees  or  arbitration  awards
                applicable thereto.

                (h) Benefit Plans.  The Company is not a party to any collective
        bargaining  agreement or any bonus,  pension,  profit sharing,  deferred
        compensation,  incentive compensation,  stock ownership, stock purchase,
        phantom  stock,  retirement,   vacation,  severance,  disability,  death
        benefit,   hospitalization,   medical  or  other  plan,  arrangement  or
        understanding  (whether or not legally  binding) under which the Company
        currently has an obligation to provide benefits to any current or former
        employee,  officer or director of the  Company  (collectively,  "Benefit
        Plans").

                (i) Certain Employee Payments. The Company is not a party to any
        employment  agreement  which could result in the payment to any current,
        former or future  director  or  employee  of the Company of any money or
        other  property or rights or  accelerate  or provide any other rights or
        benefits  to  any  such   employee  or  director  as  a  result  of  the
        transactions  contemplated  by this  Agreement,  whether or not (i) such
        payment,   acceleration  or  provision  would  constitute  a  "parachute
        payment"  (within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code), or (ii) some
        other  subsequent  action  or event  would  be  required  to cause  such
        payment, acceleration or provision to be triggered.

                (j) Tax Returns and Tax  Payments.  The Company has timely filed
        all Tax  Returns  required  to be filed by it, has paid all Taxes  shown
        thereon to be due and has provided  adequate  reserves in its  financial
        statements  for any Taxes that have not been paid,  whether or not shown
        as being due on any returns. No material claim for unpaid Taxes has been
        made or become a lien  against  the  property of the Company or is being
        asserted against the Company,  no audit of any Tax Return of the Company
        is being  conducted by a tax authority,  and no extension of the statute
        of  limitations  on the  assessment of any Taxes has been granted by the
        Company and is currently in effect.  As used herein,  "taxes" shall mean
        all  taxes  of any  kind,  including,  without  limitation,  those on or
        measured by or referred to as income,  gross  receipts,  sales,  use, ad
        valorem, franchise, profits, license, withholding,  payroll, employment,
        excise, severance,  stamp, occupation,  premium value added, property or
        windfall profits taxes, customs, duties or similar fees,, assessments or
        charges  of any kind  whatsoever,  together  with any  interest  and any
        penalties,  additions  to  tax  or  additional  amounts  imposed  by any
        governmental  authority,  domestic  or  foreign.  As used  herein,  "Tax
        Return" shall mean any return,  report or statement required to be filed
        with any governmental authority with respect to Taxes.

                (k) Environmental Matters. The Company is in compliance with all
        applicable Environmental Laws. "Environmental Laws" means all applicable
        federal,  state  and local  statutes,  rules,  regulations,  ordinances,
        orders,  decrees and common law relating in any manner to contamination,
        pollution or protection of human health or the environment,  and similar
        state laws.

                (l) Material Contract  Defaults.  The Company is not, or has not
        received  any notice or has any  knowledge  that any other  party is, in
        default in any respect  under any Material  Contract;  and there has not



                                       5
<PAGE>

        occurred  any event  that with the lapse of time or the giving of notice
        or both would constitute such a material  default.  For purposes of this
        Agreement,  a  Material  Contract  means  any  contract,   agreement  or
        commitment that is effective as of the Closing Date to which the Company
        is a party  (i) with  expected  receipts  or  expenditures  in excess of
        $100,000,  (ii)  requiring  the Company to indemnify  any person,  (iii)
        granting exclusive rights to any party, (iv) evidencing indebtedness for
        borrowed  or  loaned  money in  excess of  $100,000  or more,  including
        guarantees  of such  indebtedness,  or (v)  which,  if  breached  by the
        Company in such a manner  would (A) permit any other  party to cancel or
        terminate  the same (with or  without  notice of passage of time) or (B)
        provide a basis  for any  other  party to claim  money  damages  (either
        individually  or in the aggregate  with all other such claims under that
        contract)  from the Company or (C) give rise to a right of  acceleration
        of any material  obligation  or loss of any material  benefit  under any
        such contract, agreement or commitment.

                (m) Properties. The Company has good, clear and marketable title
        to all the  tangible  properties  and tangible  assets  reflected in the
        latest balance sheet as being owned by the Company or acquired after the
        date thereof which are,  individually  or in the aggregate,  material to
        the Company's  business (except properties sold or otherwise disposed of
        since the date thereof in the  ordinary  course of  business),  free and
        clear of all material liens.

                (n)  Trademarks and Related  Contracts.  To the knowledge of the
        Company:

                        (i) As used in this  Agreement,  the  term  "Trademarks"
                means trademarks,  service marks,  trade names,  Internet domain
                names, designs, slogans, and general intangibles of like nature;
                the term "Trade  Secrets"  means  technology;  trade secrets and
                other confidential information, know-how, proprietary processes,
                formulae,  algorithms,  models,  and  methodologies;   the  term
                "Intellectual Property" means patents,  copyrights,  Trademarks,
                applications  for any of the foregoing,  and Trade Secrets;  the
                term "Company License  Agreements" means any license  agreements
                granting  any  right to use or  practice  any  rights  under any
                Intellectual   Property   (except   for  such   agreements   for
                off-the-shelf products that are generally available or less than
                $25,000),   and  any   written   settlements   relating  to  any
                Intellectual  Property,  to  which  the  Company  is a party  or
                otherwise  bound;  and the  term  "Software"  means  any and all
                computer    programs,    including    any   and   all   software
                implementations of algorithms, models and methodologies, whether
                in source code or object code.

                        (ii)  To the  knowledge  of  the  Company,  none  of the
                Company's  Intellectual  Property or Company License  Agreements
                infringe  upon the rights of any third  party that may give rise
                to a cause  of  action  or  claim  against  the  Company  or its
                successors.

                (o) Board Recommendation.  The Board of Directors of the Company
        has unanimously determined that the terms of the Sale are fair to and in
        the best interests of the  shareholders  of the Company and  recommended
        that the Seller execute this Agreement.



                                       6
<PAGE>


        3.02 Representations and Warranties of Company Subs. Except as set forth
in the Company Disclosure Schedule delivered by the Company to the Parent at the
time of  execution of this  Agreement,  the Company  represents  and warrants to
Parent as follows:

                (a) Organization, Standing and Corporate Power. Company Subs are
        duly organized,  validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
        the People's  Republic of China, the State of California and the British
        Virgin Islands and have the requisite  corporate  power and authority to
        carry on their respective business as now being conducted.  Company Subs
        are duly  qualified or licensed to do business and are in good  standing
        in each  jurisdiction  in which  the  nature  of their  business  or the
        ownership or leasing of their  properties  makes such  qualification  or
        licensing necessary,  other than in such jurisdictions where the failure
        to be so qualified or licensed  (individually or in the aggregate) would
        not have a material  adverse  effect (as  defined in Section  9.02) with
        respect to Company Subs.

                (b) Subsidiaries. The Company Subs are 100% owned by the Company
        and shall remain wholly owned  subsidiaries of the Company following the
        Sale.

                (c)  Capital  Structure.  Except as set  forth in the  Financial
        Statements,  no shares of capital  stock or other equity  securities  of
        Company  Subs are issued,  reserved  for  issuance or  outstanding.  All
        outstanding   equity  ownership   interest  in  Company  Subs  are  duly
        authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and not subject
        to preemptive rights. There are no outstanding bonds, debentures,  notes
        or other  indebtedness  or other  securities  of Company Subs having the
        right to vote (or  convertible  into, or  exchangeable  for,  securities
        having  the  right to  vote) on any  matters  on which  shareholders  of
        Company Subs may vote.  The Company  Disclosure  Schedule sets forth the
        outstanding  Capitalization  of Company Subs. Except as set forth above,
        there are no outstanding securities,  options,  warrants, calls, rights,
        commitments,  agreements,  arrangements  or  undertakings of any kind to
        which  Company  Subs are a party or by which  they are bound  obligating
        Company Subs to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered
        or sold,  additional  shares of capital  stock or other equity or voting
        securities of Company Subs or obligating  Company Subs to issue,  grant,
        extend or enter into any such security,  option,  warrant,  call, right,
        commitment,   agreement,   arrangement  or  undertaking.  There  are  no
        outstanding  contractual  obligations,  commitments,  understandings  or
        arrangements of Company Subs to repurchase,  redeem or otherwise acquire
        or make any payment in respect of any shares of capital stock of Company
        Subs. There are no agreements or arrangements  pursuant to which Company
        Subs are or could be required to register shares of Company Common Stock
        or other  securities  under the  Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
        "Securities  Act") or other agreements or arrangements with or among any
        security  holders of Company Subs with respect to  securities of Company
        Subs.

                (d)  Authority;  Noncontravention.  Each of the Company Subs has
        the requisite corporate and other power and authority to enter into this
        Agreement  and  to  make  the  representations  contained  herein.  This
        Agreement  has been duly  executed  and  delivered  by Company  Subs and
        constitutes a valid and binding obligation of Company Subs,  enforceable
        against  Company Subs in  accordance  with its terms.  The execution and



                                       7
<PAGE>

        delivery  of  this  Agreement  do  not,  and  the  consummation  of  the
        transactions  contemplated  by this  Agreement and  compliance  with the
        provisions  hereof will not,  conflict  with, or result in any breach or
        violation  of, or default  (with or without  notice or lapse of time, or
        both) under,  or give rise to a right of  termination,  cancellation  or
        acceleration of or "put" right with respect to any obligation or to loss
        of a material  benefit under, or result in the creation of any lien upon
        any of the properties or assets of Company Subs under,  (i) the Articles
        of  Incorporation  or Bylaws of  Company  Subs,  (ii) any loan or credit
        agreement,  note, bond, mortgage,  indenture,  lease or other agreement,
        instrument,  permit,  concession,  franchise  or license  applicable  to
        Company  Subs,  its  properties  or  assets,  or  (iii)  subject  to the
        governmental  filings and other  matters  referred  to in the  following
        sentence, any judgment,  order, decree,  statute, law, ordinance,  rule,
        regulation  or  arbitration  award  applicable  to Company  Subs,  their
        properties or assets. No consent,  approval,  order or authorization of,
        or registration,  declaration or filing with, or notice to, any federal,
        state  or  local  government  or any  court,  administrative  agency  or
        commission or other governmental authority,  agency, domestic or foreign
        (a  "Governmental  Entity"),  is required by or with  respect to Company
        Subs in connection  with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by
        Company Subs or the  consummation  by Company  Subs of the  transactions
        contemplated  hereby,  except,  as set forth in the  Company  Disclosure
        Schedule.

                (e) Absence of Certain  Changes or Events.  Since June 30, 2007,
        other  than  the  ownership   interest  transfer  to  the  Company,   if
        applicable,  each of the Company Subs has conducted its business only in
        the ordinary course consistent with past practice,  and there is not and
        has not been:  (i) any material  adverse  change with respect to Company
        Subs; (ii) any condition,  event or occurrence which  individually or in
        the aggregate  could  reasonably be expected to have a material  adverse
        effect or give rise to a material adverse change with respect to Company
        Subs;  (iii)  any  event  which,  if it had taken  place  following  the
        execution of this  Agreement,  would not have been  permitted by Section
        4.01 without prior consent of Parent;  or (iv) any  condition,  event or
        occurrence  which could  reasonably  be  expected to prevent,  hinder or
        materially   delay  the  ability  of  Company  Subs  to  consummate  the
        transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

                (f) Litigation; Labor Matters; Compliance with Laws.

                        (i)  There  is  no  suit,   action  or   proceeding   or
                investigation  pending  or, to the  knowledge  of Company  Subs,
                threatened  against or  affecting  Company Subs or any basis for
                any  such  suit,  action,   proceeding  or  investigation  that,
                individually or in the aggregate,  could  reasonably be expected
                to have a material  adverse  effect with respect to Company Subs
                or prevent,  hinder or  materially  delay the ability of Company
                Subs  to  consummate  the  transactions   contemplated  by  this
                Agreement, nor is there any judgment, decree,  injunction,  rule
                or order of any  Governmental  Entity or arbitrator  outstanding
                against  Company Subs having,  or which,  insofar as  reasonably
                could be foreseen by Company Subs, in the future could have, any
                such effect.

                        (ii)  None of the  Company  Subs is a party to, or bound
                by,  any  collective  bargaining  agreement,  contract  or other
                agreement  or   understanding   with  a  labor  union  or  labor



                                       8
<PAGE>

                organization, nor is any the subject of any proceeding asserting
                that it has  committed  an unfair  labor  practice or seeking to
                compel it to bargain with any labor  organization as to wages or
                conditions of employment nor is there any strike,  work stoppage
                or  other  labor  dispute   involving  it  pending  or,  to  its
                knowledge,  threatened,  any of  which  could  have  a  material
                adverse effect with respect to Company Subs.

                        (iii)  The  conduct  of the  business  of  Company  Subs
                complies  with  all  statutes,  laws,  regulations,  ordinances,
                rules,   judgments,   orders,   decrees  or  arbitration  awards
                applicable thereto.

                (g) Benefit  Plans.  None of the Company  Subs is a party to any
        collective bargaining agreement or any bonus,  pension,  profit sharing,
        deferred compensation,  incentive compensation,  stock ownership,  stock
        purchase, phantom stock, retirement,  vacation,  severance,  disability,
        death benefit,  hospitalization,  medical or other plan,  arrangement or
        understanding  (whether or not legally binding) under which it currently
        has an obligation to provide benefits to any current or former employee,
        officer or director of Company Subs (collectively, "Benefit Plans").

                (h) Certain  Employee  Payments.  None of the Company  Subs is a
        party to any employment  agreement  which could result in the payment to
        any  current,  former or future  director or employee of Company Subs of
        any money or other property or rights or accelerate or provide any other
        rights or benefits  to any such  employee or director as a result of the
        transactions  contemplated  by this  Agreement,  whether or not (i) such
        payment,   acceleration  or  provision  would  constitute  a  "parachute
        payment"  (within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code), or (ii) some
        other  subsequent  action  or event  would  be  required  to cause  such
        payment, acceleration or provision to be triggered.

                (i) Tax Returns and Tax  Payments.  Each of the Company Subs has
        timely  filed all Tax  Returns  required to be filed by it, has paid all
        Taxes shown thereon to be due and has provided  adequate reserves in its
        financial  statements for any Taxes that have not been paid,  whether or
        not shown as being due on any  returns.  No  material  claim for  unpaid
        Taxes has been made or become a lien  against  the  property  of Company
        Subs or is being  asserted  against  Company  Subs,  no audit of any Tax
        Return of Company  Subs is being  conducted by a tax  authority,  and no
        extension of the statute of  limitations  on the assessment of any Taxes
        has been granted by Company  Subs and is  currently  in effect.  As used
        herein,  "taxes"  shall mean all taxes of any kind,  including,  without
        limitation,  those on or measured  by or  referred  to as income,  gross
        receipts,   sales,  use,  ad  valorem,   franchise,   profits,  license,
        withholding,  payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation,
        premium value added, property or windfall profits taxes, customs, duties
        or  similar  fees,,  assessments  or  charges  of any  kind  whatsoever,
        together  with  any  interest  and any  penalties,  additions  to tax or
        additional  amounts imposed by any governmental  authority,  domestic or
        foreign. As used herein,  "Tax Return" shall mean any return,  report or
        statement  required  to be filed with any  governmental  authority  with
        respect to Taxes.



                                       9
<PAGE>


                (j)  Environmental  Matters.  Each  of the  Company  Subs  is in
        material   compliance   with   all   applicable    Environmental   Laws.
        "Environmental  Laws"  means  all  applicable  federal,  state and local
        statutes, rules, regulations, ordinances, orders, decrees and common law
        relating in any manner to  contamination,  pollution  or  protection  of
        human health or the environment, and similar state laws.

                (k) Material Contract Defaults. None of the Company Subs is, nor
        have they received any notice or has any knowledge  that any other party
        is, in default in any respect under any Material Contract; and there has
        not  occurred  any event  that  with the lapse of time or the  giving of
        notice or both would constitute such a material default. For purposes of
        this  Agreement,  a Material  Contract means any contract,  agreement or
        commitment  that is effective  as of the Closing  Date to which  Company
        Subs is a party (i) with expected  receipts or expenditures in excess of
        $100,000,  (ii)  requiring  Company Subs to indemnify any person,  (iii)
        granting exclusive rights to any party, (iv) evidencing indebtedness for
        borrowed  or  loaned  money in  excess of  $100,000  or more,  including
        guarantees of such  indebtedness,  or (v) which,  if breached by Company
        Subs in such a manner  would (A)  permit  any  other  party to cancel or
        terminate  the same (with or  without  notice of passage of time) or (B)
        provide a basis  for any  other  party to claim  money  damages  (either
        individually  or in the aggregate  with all other such claims under that
        contract) from Company Subs or (C) give rise to a right of  acceleration
        of any material  obligation  or loss of any material  benefit  under any
        such contract, agreement or commitment.

                (l)  Properties.  Each of the Company  Subs has good,  clear and
        marketable  title to all the tangible  properties  and  tangible  assets
        reflected in the latest  balance sheet as being owned by Company Subs or
        acquired  after  the date  thereof  which  are,  individually  or in the
        aggregate,  material to Company Subs's business (except  properties sold
        or otherwise  disposed of since the date thereof in the ordinary  course
        of business), free and clear of all material liens.

                (m)  Trademarks  and  Related  Contracts.  To the  knowledge  of
        Company Subs:

                        (i) As used in this  Agreement,  the  term  "Trademarks"
                means trademarks,  service marks,  trade names,  Internet domain
                names, designs, slogans, and general intangibles of like nature;
                the term "Trade  Secrets"  means  technology;  trade secrets and
                other confidential information, know-how, proprietary processes,
                formulae,  algorithms,  models,  and  methodologies;   the  term
                "Intellectual Property" means patents,  copyrights,  Trademarks,
                applications  for any of the foregoing,  and Trade Secrets;  the
                term "Company License  Agreements" means any license  agreements
                granting  any  right to use or  practice  any  rights  under any
                Intellectual   Property   (except   for  such   agreements   for
                off-the-shelf products that are generally available or less than
                $25,000),   and  any   written   settlements   relating  to  any
                Intellectual  Property,  to  which  Company  Subs is a party  or
                otherwise  bound;  and the  term  "Software"  means  any and all
                computer    programs,    including    any   and   all   software
                implementations of algorithms, models and methodologies, whether
                in source code or object code.



                                       10
<PAGE>


                        (ii) To the knowledge of Company  Subs,  none of Company
                Subs's  Intellectual  Property  or  Company  License  Agreements
                infringe  materially upon the rights of any third party that may
                give rise to a cause of action or claim against  Company Subs or
                their successors.

        3.03  Representations  and Warranties of Parent.  Except as set forth in
the  disclosure  schedule  delivered  by  Parent to the  Company  at the time of
execution  of  this  Agreement  (the  "Parent  Disclosure   Schedule"),   Parent
represents and warrants to the Company as follows:

                (a) Organization,  Standing and Corporate Power.  Parent is duly
        organized,  validly  existing and in good standing under the laws of the
        State of Nevada, and has the requisite  corporate power and authority to
        carry on its business as now being  conducted.  Parent is duly qualified
        or licensed to do business and is in good standing in each  jurisdiction
        in which the nature of its  business or the  ownership or leasing of its
        properties makes such qualification or licensing  necessary,  other than
        in such  jurisdictions  where the failure to be so qualified or licensed
        (individually  or in the  aggregate)  would not have a material  adverse
        effect with respect to Parent.

                (b) Subsidiaries. The Parent has no subsidiaries.

                (c) Capital  Structure.  The authorized  capital stock of Parent
        consists of 100,000,000 shares of Parent Common Stock, par value $0.001,
        of which 430,282 shares are issued and  outstanding  (the "Parent Common
        Stock"). No shares of Parent Common Stock are issuable upon the exercise
        of  outstanding  warrants,  convertible  notes,  options and  otherwise.
        Except as set forth  above,  no shares of capital  stock or other equity
        securities of Parent are issued,  reserved for issuance or  outstanding.
        All  outstanding  shares of capital  stock of Parent are, and all shares
        which may be issued  pursuant to this  Agreement  will be, when  issued,
        duly  authorized,  validly  issued,  fully paid and  nonassessable,  not
        subject  to  preemptive  rights,  and  issued  in  compliance  with  all
        applicable state and federal laws concerning the issuance of securities.
        There are no outstanding bonds, debentures,  notes or other indebtedness
        or other  securities of Parent having the right to vote (or  convertible
        into, or exchangeable  for,  securities having the right to vote) on any
        matters on which  shareholders  of Parent may vote.  Except as set forth
        above, there are no outstanding securities,  options,  warrants,  calls,
        rights,  commitments,  agreements,  arrangements  or undertakings of any
        kind to which  Parent  is a party  or by  which  it is bound  obligating
        Parent to issue,  deliver or sell,  or cause to be issued,  delivered or
        sold,  additional  shares of capital stock or other equity securities of
        Parent or  obligating  Parent to issue,  deliver or sell, or cause to be
        issued,  delivered or sold,  additional shares of capital stock or other
        equity securities of Parent or obligating Parent to issue, grant, extend
        or  enter  into  any  such  security,   option,  warrant,  call,  right,
        commitment,   agreement,   arrangement  or  undertaking.  There  are  no
        outstanding  contractual  obligations,  commitments,  understandings  or
        arrangements  of Parent to  repurchase,  redeem or otherwise  acquire or
        make any payment in respect of any shares of capital stock of Parent.

                (d)  Authority;  Noncontravention.   Parent  has  all  requisite
        corporate  authority to enter into this  Agreement and to consummate the



                                       11
<PAGE>

        transactions  contemplated by this Agreement. The execution and delivery
        of this  Agreement  by  Parent  and the  consummation  by  Parent of the
        transactions  contemplated  by this  Agreement  have been (or at Closing
        will have been) duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the
        part of Parent.  This  Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by
        and  constitutes a valid and binding  obligation of Parent,  enforceable
        against each such party in accordance with its terms.  The execution and
        delivery  of  this  agreement  do  not,  and  the  consummation  of  the
        transactions  contemplated  by this  Agreement and  compliance  with the
        provisions of this Agreement  will not,  conflict with, or result in any
        breach or violation of, or default  (with or without  notice or lapse of
        time,  or  both)  under,  or  give  rise  to  a  right  of  termination,
        cancellation  or  acceleration  of or "put"  right  with  respect to any
        obligation  or to loss of a  material  benefit  under,  or result in the
        creation  of any lien  upon any of the  properties  or  assets of Parent
        under (i) the articles of  incorporation  or bylaws of Parent,  (ii) any
        loan or credit  agreement,  note, bond,  mortgage,  indenture,  lease or
        other agreement,  instrument,  permit, concession,  franchise or license
        applicable to Parent or its  respective  properties or assets,  or (iii)
        subject to the governmental filings and other matters referred to in the
        following  sentence,   any  judgment,   order,  decree,   statute,  law,
        ordinance, rule, regulation or arbitration award applicable to Parent or
        its respective  properties or assets, other than, in the case of clauses
        (ii) and (iii),  any such  conflicts,  breaches,  violations,  defaults,
        rights,  losses or liens that individually or in the aggregate could not
        have a  material  adverse  effect  with  respect  to Parent or could not
        prevent,  hinder or materially delay the ability of Parent to consummate
        the transactions  contemplated by this Agreement. No consent,  approval,
        order or authorization of, or registration,  declaration or filing with,
        or notice to, any Governmental  Entity is required by or with respect to
        Parent in connection  with the execution and delivery of this  Agreement
        by Parent  or the  consummation  by  Parent  of any of the  transactions
        contemplated by this Agreement.

                (e) SEC Documents; Undisclosed Liabilities. Parent has filed all
        reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents as required by
        the  Securities  and Exchange  Commission  (the  "SEC"),  and Parent has
        delivered  or made  available  to the  Company all  reports,  schedules,
        forms,  statements and other documents filed with the SEC (collectively,
        and in each case  including  all  exhibits  and  schedules  thereto  and
        documents   incorporated   by   reference   therein,   the  "Parent  SEC
        Documents").  As of their  respective  dates,  the Parent SEC  Documents
        complied  in  all  material   respects  with  the  requirements  of  the
        Securities Act or the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as the case may
        be,  and the rules and  regulations  of the SEC  promulgated  thereunder
        applicable  to such  Parent  SEC  documents,  and none of the Parent SEC
        Documents  (including  any and  all  consolidated  financial  statements
        included  therein) as of such date  contained any untrue  statement of a
        material  fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated
        therein or necessary in order to make the statements  therein,  in light
        of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.  Except
        to the extent revised or superseded by a subsequent  filing with the SEC
        (a copy of which has been  provided to the Company  prior to the date of
        this Agreement),  none of the Parent SEC Documents,  to the knowledge of
        Parent's management, contains any untrue statement of a material fact or
        omits to state any  material  fact or omitted  to state a material  fact
        required  to be  stated  therein  or  necessary  in  order  to make  the
        statements  therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
        made, not misleading.  The consolidated  financial  statements of Parent



                                       12
<PAGE>

        included in such Parent SEC Documents  comply as to form in all material
        respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules
        and regulations of the SEC with respect  thereto,  have been prepared in
        accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (except, in the
        case of unaudited  consolidated  quarterly  statements,  as permitted by
        Form 10-QSB of the SEC) applied on a consistent basis during the periods
        involved  (except as may be indicated  in the notes  thereto) and fairly
        present  the   consolidated   financial   position  of  Parent  and  its
        consolidated  subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the  consolidated
        results of  operations  and changes in cash flows for the  periods  then
        ended (subject, in the case of unaudited quarterly statements, to normal
        year-end  audit  adjustments  as  determined  by  Parent's   independent
        accountants).  Except as set forth in the Parent SEC  Documents,  at the
        date of the most recent  financial  statements of Parent included in the
        Parent  SEC  Documents,  Parent  had not  incurred  any  liabilities  or
        obligations  of any nature  (whether  accrued,  absolute,  contingent or
        otherwise) which, individually or in the aggregate,  could reasonably be
        expected to have a material adverse effect with respect to Parent.

                (f) Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Except as disclosed in
        the Parent SEC  Documents,  since the date of the most recent  financial
        statements  included in the Parent SEC  Documents,  Parent has conducted
        its business only in the ordinary  course  consistent with past practice
        in light of its current business circumstances, and there is not and has
        not been: (i) any material  adverse change with respect to Parent;  (ii)
        any  condition,  event  or  occurrence  which,  individually  or in  the
        aggregate,  could  reasonably  be  expected  to have a material  adverse
        effect or give rise to a material adverse change with respect to Parent;
        (iii) any event which,  if it had taken place following the execution of
        this  Agreement,  would not have been  permitted by Section 4.01 without
        the  prior  consent  of the  Company;  or (iv) any  condition,  event or
        occurrence  which could  reasonably  be  expected to prevent,  hinder or
        materially  delay the ability of Parent to consummate  the  transactions
        contemplated by this Agreement.

                (g) Litigation; Labor Matters; Compliance with Laws.

                        (i)  There  is  no  suit,   action  or   proceeding   or
                investigation pending or, to the knowledge of Parent, threatened
                against  or  affecting  Parent or any  basis for any such  suit,
                action, proceeding or investigation that, individually or in the
                aggregate,  could  reasonably  be  expected  to have a  material
                adverse  effect  with  respect to Parent or  prevent,  hinder or
                materially  delay  the  ability  of  Parent  to  consummate  the
                transactions  contemplated by this  Agreement,  nor is there any
                judgment, decree, injunction,  rule or order of any Governmental
                Entity or  arbitrator  outstanding  against  Parent  having,  or
                which, insofar as reasonably could be foreseen by Parent, in the
                future could have, any such effect.

                        (ii)  Parent  is  not a  party  to,  or  bound  by,  any
                collective bargaining agreement,  contract or other agreement or
                understanding with a labor union or labor  organization,  nor is
                it the subject of any proceeding asserting that it has committed
                an unfair labor practice or seeking to compel it to bargain with
                any labor  organization  as to wages or conditions of employment
                nor is there any strike,  work  stoppage or other labor  dispute
                involving it pending or, to its  knowledge,  threatened,  any of



                                       13
<PAGE>

                which  could  have a material  adverse  effect  with  respect to
                Parent.

                        (iii) The  conduct of the  business  of Parent  complies
                with  all  statutes,  laws,  regulations,   ordinances,   rules,
                judgments,  orders,  decrees or  arbitration  awards  applicable
                thereto.

                (h) Benefit  Plans.  Parent is not a party to any  Benefit  Plan
        under which Parent  currently has an  obligation to provide  benefits to
        any current or former employee, officer or director of Parent.

                (i)  Certain  Employee  Payments.  Parent  is not a party to any
        employment  agreement  which could result in the payment to any current,
        former or future  director  or  employee of Parent of any money or other
        property or rights or accelerate or provide any other rights or benefits
        to any  such  employee  or  director  as a  result  of the  transactions
        contemplated  by  this  Agreement,  whether  or not  (i)  such  payment,
        acceleration or provision would constitute a "parachute payment" (within
        the meaning of Section 280G of the Code), or (ii) some other  subsequent
        action or event would be required to cause such payment, acceleration or
        provision to be triggered.

                (j) Tax Returns and Tax  Payments.  Parent has timely  filed all
        Tax Returns required to be filed by it, has paid all Taxes shown thereon
        to be due and has provided adequate reserves in its financial statements
        for any Taxes that have not been paid, whether or not shown as being due
        on any  returns.  No  material  claim for unpaid  Taxes has been made or
        become a lien  against  the  property  of  Parent  or is being  asserted
        against Parent,  no audit of any Tax Return of Parent is being conducted
        by a tax  authority,  and no extension of the statute of  limitations on
        the  assessment of any Taxes has been granted by Parent and is currently
        in effect.

                (k) Environmental Matters. Parent is in material compliance with
        all applicable Environmental Laws.

                (l)  Material  Contract  Defaults.  Parent  is not,  or has not,
        received  any notice or has any  knowledge  that any other  party is, in
        default in any respect  under any Material  Contract;  and there has not
        occurred  any event  that with the lapse of time or the giving of notice
        or both would constitute such a material  default.  For purposes of this
        Agreement,  a  Material  Contract  means  any  contract,   agreement  or
        commitment that is effective as of the Closing Date to which Parent is a
        party (i) with expected  receipts or  expenditures in excess of $10,000,
        (ii) requiring Parent to indemnify any person,  (iii) granting exclusive
        rights to any party, (iv) evidencing indebtedness for borrowed or loaned
        money in  excess  of  $10,000  or  more,  including  guarantees  of such
        indebtedness, or (v) which, if breached by Parent in such a manner would
        (A)  permit  any other  party to cancel or  terminate  the same (with or
        without  notice of passage of time) or (B) provide a basis for any other
        party to claim money damages  (either  individually  or in the aggregate
        with all other such claims under that  contract) from Parent or (C) give
        rise to a right of  acceleration  of any material  obligation or loss of
        any material benefit under any such contract, agreement or commitment.



                                       14
<PAGE>


                (m) Properties.  Parent has good,  clear and marketable title to
        all the tangible  properties and tangible assets reflected in the latest
        balance  sheet as being  owned by  Parent  or  acquired  after  the date
        thereof  which  are,  individually  or in  the  aggregate,  material  to
        Parent's business (except properties sold or otherwise disposed of since
        the date thereof in the ordinary course of business),  free and clear of
        all material liens.

                (n) Trademarks and Related  Contracts.  Parent does not hold any
        Trademarks, Trade Secrets, or Intellectual Property, and is not party to
        any license agreements regarding such.

                (o) Board  Recommendation.  The Board of Directors of Parent has
        unanimously  determined that the terms of this Agreement are fair to and
        in the best interests of the shareholders of Parent.

        3.04   Representations   and  Warranties  of  the  Seller.   The  Seller
represents,  warrants and undertakes to the Parent that,  except as set forth in
the Disclosure Schedule:

                (a) Transfer of Title.  Seller shall  transfer all right,  title
        and  interest in and to the Company  Common Stock to the Parent free and
        clear of all liens, security interests, pledges, encumbrances,  charges,
        restrictions,  demands  and  claims,  of any kind or nature  whatsoever,
        whether direct or indirect or contingent.

                        (i) Due Execution. This Agreement has been duly executed
                and delivered by the Seller.

                        (ii) Valid Agreement.  This Agreement  constitutes,  and
                upon  execution  and  delivery  thereof  by  the  Seller,   will
                constitute,   a  valid  and  binding  agreement  of  the  Seller
                enforceable against the Seller in accordance with its terms.

                        (iii)   Authorization.   The  execution,   delivery  and
                performance  by the Seller of this Agreement and the delivery by
                the  Seller  of the  Company  Common  Stock  have  been duly and
                validly  authorized  by the Company,  and no further  consent or
                authorization  of  the  Seller,   the  Company,   its  Board  of
                Directors, or its stockholders is required.

                        (iv)  Seller's  Title to the Company  Common  Stock;  No
                Liens or Preemptive  Rights;  Valid Issuance.  Seller has and at
                the  Closing  will have good and valid  title and control of the
                Company  Common Stock;  there will be no existing  impediment or
                encumbrance  to the sale and  transfer  of such  Company  Common
                Stock  to the  Parent;  and on  delivery  to the  Parent  of the
                Company  Common  Stock,  good and valid title to all the Company
                Common  Stock will pass to Parent and all of the Company  Common
                Stock  will be free and  clear  of all  taxes,  liens,  security
                interests,  pledges, rights of first refusal or other preference
                rights, encumbrances,  charges, restrictions, demands, claims or
                assessments of any kind or any nature whatsoever whether direct,
                indirect or  contingent  and shall not be subject to  preemptive
                rights,  tag-along  rights,  or  similar  rights  of  any of the
                stockholders of the Company.  The Company Common Stock have been
                legally and validly  issued in  compliance  with all  applicable



                                       15
<PAGE>

                U.S.  federal and state  securities laws, and are fully paid and
                non-assessable  shares of the Company's  common  stock;  and the
                Company Common Stock have all been issued under duly  authorized
                resolutions  of the Board of Directors  of the  Company.  At the
                Closing,   Seller  shall  deliver  to  the  Parent  certificates
                representing  the  Company  Common  Stock  free and clear of all
                liens,  security  interests,  pledges,  encumbrances,   charges,
                restrictions,  demands or claims in any other  party  whatsoever
                with appropriate stock powers with medallion guarantees.

                (b) No Governmental Action Required.  The execution and delivery
        by the  Seller  of  this  Agreement  does  not  and  will  not,  and the
        consummation of the transactions  contemplated  hereby will not, require
        any action by or in respect of, or filing with, any  governmental  body,
        agency or governmental official.

                (c) Compliance with Applicable Law and Corporate Documents.  The
        execution  and delivery by the Seller and the Company of this  Agreement
        does not and will not, and the sale by the Seller of the Company  Common
        Stock and the  consummation  of the other  transactions  contemplated by
        this  Agreement does not and will not contravene or constitute a default
        under or violation of (i) any provision of applicable law or regulation,
        or (ii) any  agreement,  judgment,  injunction,  order,  decree or other
        instrument binding upon the Seller or the Company's assets, or result in
        the creation or imposition of any lien on any asset of the Seller.

                (d) Not a Voting Trust:  No Proxies.  None of the Company Common
        Stock is or will be subject to any voting trust or agreement.  No person
        holds or has the right to receive any proxy or similar  instrument  with
        respect  to the  Company  Common  Stock.  Except  as  provided  in  this
        Agreement,  the Seller is not a party to any  agreement  which offers or
        grants to any person the right to purchase or acquire any of the Company
        Common Stock.  There is no applicable local, state or federal law, rule,
        regulation,  or decree which would, as a result of the sale contemplated
        by this  Agreement,  impair,  restrict  or delay any voting  rights with
        respect to the Company Common Stock.

                (e) Adoption of Company's Representations. The Seller adopts and
        remakes  as  its  own  each  and  every  representation,   warranty  and
        undertaking  made by the Company and the Company  Subs in Sections  3.01
        and  3.02  as  if it  had  made  such  representations,  warranties  and
        undertakings to the Parent directly.

                (f) Brokers. No broker,  finder or investment banker is entitled
        to any  brokerage,  finder's or other fee or  commission  payable by the
        Parent or the  Company  or Seller in  connection  with the  transactions
        contemplated by this Agreement.

                (g) Investment  Intent.  Seller  represents that it is acquiring
        and will acquire, as the case may be, the Purchase Price Shares issuable
        pursuant hereto solely for its own account for investment  purposes only
        and not with a view toward  resale or  distribution  thereof  other than
        pursuant to an effective  registration statement or applicable exemption
        from the  registration  requirements  of the  Securities Act of 1933, as
        amended (the "Securities  Act").  Seller  understands that such Purchase
        Price  Shares  will be issued in  reliance  upon an  exemption  from the
        registration requirements of the Securities Act and that subsequent sale



                                       16
<PAGE>

        or transfer of such  securities is  prohibited  absent  registration  or
        exemption  from the  provisions  of the  Securities  Act.  Seller hereby
        agrees  that it will not sell,  assign,  transfer,  pledge or  otherwise
        convey any of the Purchase Price Shares issuable pursuant hereto, except
        in  compliance  with  the  provisions  of  the  Securities  Act  and  in
        accordance with any transfer  restrictions or similar terms set forth on
        the  certificates  representing  such  securities or otherwise set forth
        herein.  Seller acknowledges  receiving copies of the most recent Parent
        SEC Documents.

                                   ARTICLE IV
                    COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS
                                PRIOR TO CLOSING

        4.01 Conduct of Company and Parent.  From the date of this Agreement and
until the Closing, or until the prior termination of this Agreement, Company and
Parent shall not, unless mutually agreed to in writing:

                (a) engage in any transaction, except in the normal and ordinary
        course  of  business,  or  create  or  suffer to exist any Lien or other
        encumbrance  upon any of their  respective  assets or which  will not be
        discharged in full prior to the Closing;

                (b) sell,  assign or otherwise  transfer any of their assets, or
        cancel or compromise any debts or claims relating to their assets, other
        than for fair value, in the ordinary course of business,  and consistent
        with past practice;

                (c) fail to use  reasonable  efforts to  preserve  intact  their
        present  business  organizations,  keep  available the services of their
        employees  and  preserve  its  material  relationships  with  customers,
        suppliers,  licensors,  licensees,  distributors and others,  to the end
        that its good will and on-going  business  not be impaired  prior to the
        Closing;

                (d) except for matters related to complaints by former employees
        related to wages,  suffer or permit any material adverse change to occur
        with respect to Company and Parent or their business or assets; or

                (e) make any material  change with respect to their  business in
        accounting or bookkeeping  methods,  principles or practices,  except as
        required by GAAP.

        4.02 Access to Information; Confidentiality.

                (a) The Company shall, and shall cause its officers,  employees,
        counsel,  financial  advisors and other  representatives  to,  afford to
        Parent and its representatives  reasonable access during normal business
        hours  during  the  period  prior to the  Closing  to its and to Company
        Subs's properties, books, contracts, commitments,  personnel and records
        and,  during such  period,  the Company  shall,  and shall cause its and
        Company  Subs's  officers,  employees and  representatives  to,  furnish
        promptly to Parent all information concerning their respective business,
        properties,  financial condition, operations and personnel as such other
        party may from time to time  reasonably  request.  For the  purposes  of
        determining  the accuracy of the  representations  and warranties of the
        Parent set forth herein and compliance by the Parent of its  obligations



                                       17
<PAGE>

        hereunder,  during the period prior to the Closing, Parent shall provide
        the Company and its representatives with reasonable access during normal
        business  hours  to  its  properties,  books,  contracts,   commitments,
        personnel  and  records as may be  necessary  to enable  the  Company to
        confirm the accuracy of the representations and warranties of Parent set
        forth herein and compliance by Parent of its obligations hereunder, and,
        during such  period,  Parent  shall,  and shall cause its  subsidiaries,
        officers,  employees and  representatives  to,  furnish  promptly to the
        Company  upon  its  request  (i)  a  copy  of  each  report,   schedule,
        registration statement and other document filed by it during such period
        pursuant to the  requirements  of federal or state  securities  laws and
        (ii)  all  other  information   concerning  its  business,   properties,
        financial  condition,  operations  and personnel as such other party may
        from time to time reasonably request. Except as required by law, each of
        the  Company  and  Parent  will  hold,  and will  cause  its  respective
        directors, officers, employees, accountants, counsel, financial advisors
        and  other   representatives  and  affiliates  to  hold,  any  nonpublic
        information in confidence.

                (b) No investigation  pursuant to this Section 4.02 shall affect
        any   representations  or  warranties  of  the  parties  herein  or  the
        conditions to the obligations of the parties hereto.

        4.03 Best  Efforts.  Upon the terms and  subject to the  conditions  set
forth in this  Agreement,  each of the parties agrees to use its best efforts to
take, or cause to be taken, all actions,  and to do, or cause to be done, and to
assist and  cooperate  with the other  parties in doing,  all things  necessary,
proper or advisable to consummate and make  effective,  in the most  expeditious
manner  practicable,  the Sale and the other  transactions  contemplated by this
Agreement. Parent and the Company will use their best efforts and cooperate with
one another (i) in promptly  determining  whether any filings are required to be
made or consents,  approvals, waivers, permits or authorizations are required to
be obtained  (or,  which if not  obtained,  would result in an event of default,
termination  or  acceleration  of any  agreement  or any  put  right  under  any
agreement)  under any  applicable  law or  regulation  or from any  governmental
authorities or third parties, including parties to loan agreements or other debt
instruments  and promptly  making any such filings,  in  furnishing  information
required  in  connection  therewith  and in timely  seeking  to obtain  any such
consents,  approvals,  permits or  authorizations  and (ii) in facilitating each
other's due  diligence  investigations.  Parent and the Company  shall  mutually
cooperate in order to  facilitate  the  achievement  of the benefits  reasonably
anticipated from the Sale.

        4.04 Public Announcements.  Parent, on the one hand, and the Company, on
the other hand,  will consult with each other before  issuing,  and provide each
other the  opportunity  to review and comment  upon,  any press release or other
public  statements  with  respect  to  the  transactions  contemplated  by  this
Agreement  and shall not issue any such press  release  or make any such  public
statement  prior to such  consultation,  except as may be required by applicable
law or court  process.  The  parties  agree that the  initial  press  release or
releases  to be issued with  respect to the  transactions  contemplated  by this
Agreement  shall  be  mutually  agreed  upon  prior  to  the  issuance  thereof.
Notwithstanding  the foregoing,  Company may disclose the  contemplated  Sale as
required in filings with the SEC.

        4.05 No Solicitation.  Except as previously  agreed to in writing by the
other  party,  neither  Company or Parent  shall  authorize or permit any of its
officers,  directors,  agents,  representatives,  or  advisors  to (a)  solicit,



                                       18
<PAGE>

initiate  or  encourage  or take any  action to  facilitate  the  submission  of
inquiries, proposals or offers from any person relating to any matter concerning
any merger,  consolidation,  business  combination,  recapitalization or similar
transaction   involving  Company  or  Parent,   respectively,   other  than  the
transaction  contemplated  by  this  Agreement  or  any  other  transaction  the
consummation of which would or could reasonably be expected to impede, interfere
with,  prevent or delay the Sale or which  would or could be  expected to dilute
the benefits to the Company of the transactions  contemplated hereby. Company or
Parent  will  immediately   cease  and  cause  to  be  terminated  any  existing
activities,  discussions and negotiations with any parties conducted  heretofore
with respect to any of the foregoing.

                                    ARTICLE V
                                OTHER AGREEMENTS

        5.01 Expenses.  All costs and expenses  incurred in connection with this
Agreement and the  transactions  contemplated  hereby shall be paid by the party
incurring such expenses.

        5.02  Directors  and  Officers.  Upon  the  Closing,  all  officers  and
directors  of the Parent  shall resign and Parent shall have taken all action to
cause the people nominated by the Company to be elected as and to serve in their
capacity as the Chairman of its Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer,
the  Chief  Financial  Officer,  as  the  Chief  Operation  Officer,  and as the
Directors of the Parent.

        5.03   Registration   Rights.   Parent  shall  include   Halter  Capital
Corporation  and  its  affiliates   ("HCC")  as  selling   shareholders  in  any
registration  statements filed during the three years following the Closing that
register for resale  shares of Parent  Common Stock issued in private  placement
financing  transactions  during such period. HCC shall be entitled to all of the
rights and  remedies as shall be set forth in a  registration  rights  agreement
and/or  subscription  agreement executed between the Parent and the investors in
such placements.

        5.04  Transfer  Agent.  Following  the Closing,  the Parent shall retain
Securities  Transfer  Corporation  for a period of three  years as the  transfer
agent and registrar for the Parent.

                                   ARTICLE VI
                              CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

        6.01  Conditions  to Each Party's  Obligation to Close.  The  respective
obligation of each party hereto is subject to the  satisfaction  or waiver on or
prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:

                (a)  Opinions  of  Counsel.   Execution   and  delivery  of  the
        following: (i) to the Company, an opinion of counsel from Parent's legal
        counsel  that the terms,  conditions  and  structure of the Sale satisfy
        Nevada law; (ii) to the Parent, an opinion of counsel from the Company's
        legal  counsel  that the terms,  conditions  and  structure  of the Sale
        satisfy  Hong Kong law;  and (iii) to the Parent,  an opinion of counsel
        from  Company  Subs's  legal  counsel  that the  terms,  conditions  and
        structure of the Sale satisfy the People's Republic of China law.



                                       19
<PAGE>


                (b) No  Injunctions  or  Restraints.  No  temporary  restraining
        order,  preliminary or permanent injunction or other order issued by any
        court of competent  jurisdiction or other legal restraint or prohibition
        preventing the consummation of the Sale shall be in effect.

        6.02  Conditions to Obligations of Parent.  The obligations of Parent to
effect the Sale are further subject to the following conditions:

                (a)  Representations  and Warranties.  The  representations  and
        warranties of the Company and Seller set forth in this  Agreement  shall
        be true and  correct in all  material  respects,  in each case as of the
        date of this  Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on and
        as of the Closing Date. Parent shall have received a certificate  signed
        on behalf of the Company by the president of the Company to such effect.

                (b)  Performance of Obligations of the Company.  The Company and
        Seller shall have performed the obligations  required to be performed by
        it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date (except for such
        failures to perform as have not had or could not reasonably be expected,
        either  individually  or in the  aggregate,  to have a material  adverse
        effect with  respect to the Company or  adversely  affect the ability of
        the  Company to  consummate  the  transactions  herein  contemplated  or
        perform its  obligations  hereunder),  and Parent shall have  received a
        certificate  signed on behalf of the  Company  by the  president  of the
        Company to such effect.

                (c) Consents,  etc. Parent shall have received evidence, in form
        and  substance  reasonably  satisfactory  to  it,  that  such  licenses,
        permits, consents, approvals, authorizations,  qualifications and orders
        of  governmental  authorities  and other third  parties as  necessary in
        connection with the transactions contemplated hereby have been obtained.

                  (d) No Litigation. There shall not be pending or threatened by
         any Governmental Entity any suit, action or proceeding (or by any other
         person any suit, action or proceeding which has a reasonable likelihood
         of success), (i) challenging or seeking to restrain or prohibit the
         consummation of the Sale or any of the other transactions contemplated
         by this Agreement or seeking to obtain from Parent any damages that are
         material in relation to Parent taken as a whole, (ii) seeking to
         prohibit or limit the ownership or operation by the Company, Company
         Subs or Parent of any material portion of the business or assets of the
         Company, Company Subs or Parent, or to dispose of or hold separate any
         material portion of the business or assets of the Company, Company Subs
         or Parent, as a result of the Sale or any of the other transactions
         contemplated by this Agreement, (iii) seeking to impose limitations on
         the ability of Parent to acquire or hold, or exercise full rights of
         ownership of, any shares of Company Common Stock, including, without
         limitation, the right to vote the Company Common Stock on all matters
         properly presented to the shareholders of the Company, or (iv) seeking
         to prohibit Parent from effectively controlling in any material respect
         the business or operations of the Company.



                                       20
<PAGE>

                (e) Due Diligence Investigation.  Parent shall be satisfied with
        the  results  of its due  diligence  investigation  of the  Company  and
        Company Subs in its sole and absolute discretion.

                (f) Form 8-K.  The  Company  shall  file a Form 8-K with the SEC
        within  four  business  days  of the  Closing  Date  containing  Form 10
        information  about the combined Parent and Company and audited financial
        statements of the Company as required by  Regulation  S-B. Such Form 8-K
        shall be in form and  substance  acceptable  to Parent  and its  counsel
        prior to Closing.

        6.03  Conditions  to Obligation  of the Company.  The  obligation of the
Company to effect the Sale is further subject to the following conditions:

                (a)  Representations  and Warranties.  The  representations  and
        warranties  of  Parent  set  forth in this  Agreement  shall be true and
        correct in all  material  respects,  in each case as of the date of this
        Agreement  and as of the  Closing  Date as though  made on and as of the
        Closing Date.  The Company  shall have received a certificate  signed on
        behalf of Parent by the president of Parent to such effect.

                (b)  Performance  of  Obligations  of Parent.  Parent shall have
        performed  the  obligations  required to be  performed  by it under this
        Agreement at or prior to the Closing  Date (except for such  failures to
        perform  as have not had or could not  reasonably  be  expected,  either
        individually or in the aggregate, to have a material adverse effect with
        respect  to  Parent  or  adversely  affect  the  ability  of  Parent  to
        consummate  the   transactions   herein   contemplated  or  perform  its
        obligations   hereunder),   and  the  Company   shall  have  received  a
        certificate  signed on behalf  of Parent by the  president  of Parent to
        such effect.

                (c) No Litigation.  There shall not be pending or threatened any
        suit,  action or  proceeding  before any court,  Governmental  Entity or
        authority  (i)  pertaining  to the  transactions  contemplated  by  this
        Agreement  or (ii)  seeking  to  prohibit  or  limit  the  ownership  or
        operation  by the Company,  Company Subs or Parent,  or to dispose of or
        hold  separate  any  material  portion of the  business or assets of the
        Company, Company Subs or Parent.

                (d) Consents, etc. Company shall have received evidence, in form
        and  substance  reasonably  satisfactory  to  it,  that  such  licenses,
        permits, consents, approvals, authorizations,  qualifications and orders
        of  governmental  authorities  and other third  parties as  necessary in
        connection with the transactions contemplated hereby have been obtained.

                (e)  Resignations.  Parent shall deliver to the Company  written
        resignations  of all of the  officers  and  directors  of the Parent and
        evidence  of  election of those new  directors  and  officers as further
        described in Section 5.02 herein.

                (f) Form 8-K.  The  Company  shall  file a Form 8-K with the SEC
        within  four  business  days  of the  Closing  Date  containing  Form 10
        information  about the combined Parent and Company and audited financial
        statements of the Company as required by  Regulation  S-B. Such Form 8-K



                                       21
<PAGE>

        shall be inform and substance acceptable to Parent and its counsel prior
        to Closing.

                (g) Section 14(f)  Compliance.  Parent shall have filed with the
        SEC an Information Statement pursuant to Section 14(f) of the Securities
        Exchange  Act of 1934 and mailed same to its  shareholders  at least ten
        days prior to Closing.

                                   ARTICLE VII
                        TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

        7.01 Termination.  This Agreement may be terminated and abandoned at any
time prior to the Closing:

                (a) by mutual written consent of Parent and the Company;

                (b) by either Parent or the Company if any  Governmental  Entity
        shall have issued an order,  decree or ruling or taken any other  action
        permanently enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting the Sale and
        such order,  decree,  ruling or other action shall have become final and
        nonappealable; and

                (c) if the  Closing  shall not have  occurred  for any reason by
        December 31, 2007.

        7.02  Effect  of  Termination.  In the  event  of  termination  of  this
Agreement  by either the  Company or Parent as provided  in Section  7.01,  this
Agreement shall forthwith become void and have no effect,  without any liability
or  obligation on the part of Parent or the Company.  Nothing  contained in this
Section  shall  relieve  any  party  for  any  breach  of  the  representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement.

        7.03  Amendment.  This  Agreement  may  not  be  amended  except  by  an
instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the parties.

        7.04 Extension; Waiver. Subject to Section 7.01(c), at any time prior to
the Closing,  the parties may (a) extend the time for the  performance of any of
the obligations or other acts of the other parties,  (b) waive any  inaccuracies
in the  representations  and  warranties  contained in this  Agreement or in any
document delivered pursuant to this Agreement,  or (c) waive compliance with any
of the agreements or conditions  contained in this  Agreement.  Any agreement on
the part of a party to any such  extension  or waiver shall be valid only if set
forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such party. The failure of
any party to this  Agreement to assert any of its rights under this Agreement or
otherwise shall not constitute a waiver of such rights.

        7.05  Procedure  for  Termination,  Amendment,  Extension  or Waiver.  A
termination  of this  Agreement  pursuant to Section  7.01, an amendment of this
Agreement  pursuant to Section 7.03 or an extension or waiver of this  Agreement
pursuant to Section 7.04 shall, in order to be effective, require in the case of
Parent or the Company, action by its Board of Directors.



                                       22
<PAGE>


        7.06 Return of Documents.  In the event of termination of this Agreement
for any  reason,  Parent and  Company  will return to the other party all of the
other party's  documents,  work papers,  and other materials  (including copies)
relating to the  transactions  contemplated in this Agreement,  whether obtained
before or after execution of this Agreement. Parent and Company will not use any
information  so obtained  from the other party for any purpose and will take all
reasonable steps to have such other party's information kept confidential.

                                  ARTICLE VIII
                               GENERAL PROVISIONS

        8.01  Notices.  All  notices,   requests,   claims,  demands  and  other
communications  under this  Agreement  shall be in  writing  and shall be deemed
given  if  delivered  personally  or  sent by  facsimile,  electronic  mail,  or
overnight courier  (providing proof of delivery) to the parties at the following
addresses  (or at such other  address for a party as shall be  specified by like
notice):

                  (a) if to Parent or Parent Representative, to:

                  2591 Dallas Pkwy, Suite 102
                  Frisco, Texas 75034
                  Attention:  Kevin B. Halter, Jr.

                  (b) if to the Company, to:

                  No. 177 Chengyang Section
                  308 National Highway
                  Danshan Industrial Area
                  Quingdao 266109
                  China
                  Attention: Kai Chen

        8.02 Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement:

                (a) an  "affiliate"  of any person  means  another  person  that
        directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is
        controlled by, or is under common control with, such first person;

                (b)  "material  adverse  change" or  "material  adverse  effect"
        means, when used in connection with the Company or Parent, any change or
        effect that either  individually or in the aggregate with all other such
        changes or  effects  is  materially  adverse  to the  business,  assets,
        properties,  condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operations
        of such party and its subsidiaries taken as a whole (after giving effect
        in the case of Parent to the consummation of the Sale);

                (c)  "person"  means an  individual,  corporation,  partnership,
        joint venture, association,  trust, unincorporated organization or other
        entity; and

                (d) a "subsidiary" of any person means another person, an amount
        of the voting  securities,  other voting ownership or voting partnership



                                       23
<PAGE>

        interests  of which is  sufficient  to elect at least a majority  of its
        board of  Directors  or other  governing  body (or, if there are no such
        voting interests, fifty percent (50%) or more of the equity interests of
        which) is owned directly or indirectly by such first person.

        8.03  Interpretation.  When a reference  is made in this  Agreement to a
Section,  Exhibit or Schedule,  such  reference  shall be to a Section of, or an
Exhibit or Schedule to, this Agreement unless otherwise indicated.  The headings
contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect
in any way the meaning or interpretation  of this Agreement.  Whenever the words
"include",  "includes" or "including" are used in this Agreement,  they shall be
deemed to be followed by the words "without limitation".

        8.04 Entire Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries.  This Agreement and
the other agreements  referred to herein  constitute the entire  agreement,  and
supersede all prior agreements and understandings,  both written and oral, among
the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement
is not  intended to confer upon any person  other than the parties any rights or
remedies.

        8.05 Governing  Law. This Agreement  shall be governed by, and construed
in accordance with, the laws of the State of Nevada, regardless of the laws that
might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of laws thereof.

        8.06 Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests
or obligations  under this Agreement shall be assigned,  in whole or in part, by
operation of law or otherwise  by any of the parties  without the prior  written
consent of the other parties.  Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement
will be  binding  upon,  inure to the  benefit  of, and be  enforceable  by, the
parties and their respective successors and assigns.

        8.07 Severability.  Whenever possible,  each provision or portion of any
provision  of  this  Agreement  will be  interpreted  in  such  manner  as to be
effective and valid under  applicable law but if any provision or portion of any
provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid,  illegal or  unenforceable in
any  respect  under  any  applicable  law  or  rule  in any  jurisdiction,  such
invalidity,  illegality or unenforceability  will not affect any other provision
or portion of any provision in such  jurisdiction,  and this  Agreement  will be
reformed,  construed  and  enforced  in such  jurisdiction  as if such  invalid,
illegal or  unenforceable  provision or portion of any  provision had never been
contained herein.

        8.08  Counterparts.  This  Agreement  may be  executed  in  one or  more
identical  counterparts,  all of  which  shall  be  considered  one and the same
instrument and shall become effective when one or more such  counterparts  shall
have been executed by each of the parties and delivered to the other parties.

        8.09  Survival.  The  representations  and  warranties  herein shall not
survive the Closing.  All  covenants and  agreements  that by their terms extend
past the Closing  shall  survive the Closing for the full period of  limitations
applicable to such agreements.

                            [Signature Page Follows]




                                       24
<PAGE>



         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused their duly authorized
officers to execute this Agreement as of the date first above written.

                                              RUB A DUB SOAP, INC.



                                              By: /s/ Kevin Halter, Jr.
                                                  ---------------------
                                              Kevin Halter, Jr., President & CEO


                                              ZHONGSEN INTERNATIONAL COMPANY
                                              GROUP, LTD.



                                              By:  /s/ Kai Chen
                                                   ------------
                                              Name:  Kai Chen
                                              Title:  President



                                              /s/ Kai Chen
                                              ------------
                                              KAI CHEN, Seller
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
