   Exhibit 10.1   STOCK EXCHANGE AGREEMENT 
--------------------------   This STOCK EXCHANGE AGREEMENT (this
"Agreement") is dated as of January 13, 2005, by and among National Parking
Systems, Inc., a Nevada corporation ("Purchaser" or "NPS"), Marc Ebersole
("Ebersole") and the several holders of the preferred stock of ABS Holding
Company, Inc. and BH Holding Company, Inc. appearing on the signature page
hereto (collectively the "Preferred Holders," and, together with Ebersole,
the "Sellers").   WHEREAS, ABS Holding Company, Inc. ("ABS"), BH Holding
Company, Inc. ("BH," and, together with ABS, the "Company") and the Sellers
have determined that it is in the best interest of the Company and its
shareholders to arrange for the sale of all of the issued and outstanding
shares of capital stock of the Company, including all issued and outstanding
shares of common stock (the "Seller Common Stock"), and all issued and
outstanding shares of Preferred stock (the "Seller Preferred Stock," and,
together with the Seller Common Stock, the "Securities").  NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the foregoing and other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties
hereto agree as follows:   ARTICLE I   PURCHASE AND SALE OF COMPANY
STOCK  ---------------------------------------   Section 1.1 Sale of Stock.
Subject to the terms and conditions herein  --------------- stated, the
Sellers each hereby sell to Purchaser, and the Purchaser hereby purchases
from the Sellers, (i) 1,000 shares of Seller Preferred Stock of ABS, and (ii)
1,000 shares of Seller Preferred Stock of BH, and (iii) all issued
and outstanding Seller Common Stock of BH and ABS.   Section 1.2 Purchase
Price. On the Closing Date, Purchaser shall deliver  -------------- to the
Sellers in accordance with Schedule 1, the following consideration
(the "Purchase Price"):   a. Common Stock Purchase Price.  i. In exchange
for the Seller Common Stock, NPS shall issue  32,600,000 shares of NPS common
stock (the "Management Common  Stock"), which shall be restricted shares, and
which shall be  subject to a two-year lock-up agreement.  ii. Mr. Ebersole
shall enter into a non-competition agreement with  the Company providing that
Mr. Ebersole shall not engage in the  business of valet parking, vehicle
immobilization, or any other  parking-related business in which the Company
operates during the  period of Mr. Ebersole\'s employment with the Company.
The term of  such non-competition agreement shall extend to the date which
is  the later of three years from the Closing Date, or one year from  the
last day upon which Mr. Ebersole remains employed by the  Company.     b.
Preferred Stock Purchase Price. In exchange for the Seller Preferred  Stock,
NPS shall issue the following securities (the "Preferred Stock  Purchase
Securities"):  i. 7,750,000 shares of NPS common stock; and  ii. A Debenture
in the amount of $86,750 which bear no interest, and  shall be in the form
attached hereto as Schedule A.   c. Assumption of Debt. Purchaser shall
become a party to, and the Company  and Purchaser shall re-execute, that
certain Senior Secured  Convertible Debenture owed by the Company, which has
a current  principal balance of $285,000, and shall execute and perfect
such  security instruments, including without limitation UCC-1 Financing 
Statements, as shall be required by the holder of such debenture.   Section
1.3 Closing. The closing of the transactions referred to in  ------- Section
1.1 hereof (the "Closing") shall take place as of the date hereof, or at such
other time as the parties may agree upon. Such time and date are
herein referred to as the "Closing Date."   Section 1.4 Tax Free Transfers.
The transactions referred to in Sections 1.1 and 1.2 hereof, are intended to
qualify for tax free treatment pursuant to Section 351 of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and applicable Nevada provisions.
Immediately following the transfers described in Sections 1.1 and 1.2 hereof,
the Sellers will own in excess of eighty percent of the total combined voting
power of all classes of stock entitled to vote and in excess of eighty
percent of the total number of shares of all other classes of stock
of NPS.   ARTICLE II   REPRESENTATIONS OF COMPANY 
----------------------------   Ebersole hereby represents and warrants, with
respect to BH, as follows, and with respect to ABS, to his best knowledge
after due inquiry, as follows:   Section 2.1 Company Stock. All of the
shares of capital stock of the  -------------- Company have been duly
authorized. The Sellers respectively own the Securities free and clear of any
liens or encumbrances of any type or nature whatsoever, and each has full
right, power and authority to exchange the Securities that are owned by each
hereunder without qualification. There are no outstanding options, warrants
or calls pursuant to which any person has the right to purchase any capital
stock or other securities of ABS or BH, or any of their respective
subsidiaries, except for those which will be cancelled on or prior to the
Closing Date.  Section 2.2. Corporate Status. Each of ABS and BH is a
corporation duly  ----------------- incorporated, validly existing and in
good standing under the laws of the State of Nevada and is licensed or
qualified as a foreign corporation in all states in which the nature of their
respective businesses or the character or ownership of their respective
properties makes such licensing or qualification necessary.     Section
2.3 Authorization and Validity of Agreement. The Company has full 
--------------------------------------- power and authority (corporate or
otherwise) to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform its obligations
hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming
the due execution of this Agreement by Purchaser, is a valid and binding
obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with
its terms, except to the extent that its enforceability may be subject to
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization and similar laws affecting
the enforcement of creditors\' rights generally and to general equitable
principles.   Section 2.4 Consents and Approvals; No Violations. The
execution and  ----------------------------------------- delivery of this
Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the purchase
and sale of the Securities as contemplated herein and the other transactions
contemplated hereby (a) will not violate the provisions of the Articles of
Incorporation or bylaws of the Company, (b) will not violate any statute,
rule, regulation, order or decree of any public body or authority by which
the Company is bound or by which any of their respective properties or assets
are bound, (c) will not require any filing with, or permit, consent
or approval of, or the giving of any notice to, any United States
governmental or regulatory body, agency or authority on or prior to the
Closing Date (as defined in Section 1.3), and (d) will not result in a
violation or breach of, conflict with, constitute (with or without due notice
or lapse of time or both) a default (or give rise to any right of
termination, cancellation, payment or acceleration) under, or result in the
creation of any Encumbrance upon any of the properties or assets of the
Company under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond,
mortgage, indenture, license, franchise, permit, agreement, lease, franchise
agreement or any other instrument or obligation to which the Company is a
party, or by which they or any of its properties or assets may be bound.  
Section 2.5 Financial Statements. The financial statements of 
--------------------- the Company furnished to the Purchaser, consisting of
unaudited interim financial statements for the period ended December 31,
2002, December 31, 2003 and June 30, 2004, are correct and fairly present the
financial condition of the Company as of these dates and for the periods
involved; such statements were prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles consistently applied, and no material change has
occurred in the matters disclosed therein. These financial statements do not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.   Section 2.6
Undisclosed Liabilities. Except as set forth on 
------------------------ Schedule 2.6, the Company has no material
liabilities of any nature except to the extent reflected or reserved against
in its balance sheets, whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise,
including, without limitation, tax liabilities and interest due or to become
due.     Section 2.7 Interim Changes. Except as set forth in Schedule 
---------------- 2.7, since the dates of its balance sheet, there have been
no (i) changes in the financial condition, assets, liabilities or business of
the Company, which in the aggregate, have been materially adverse; (ii)
damages, destruction or loss of or to the property of the Company, payment of
any dividend or other distribution in respect of the capital stock of the
Company or any direct or indirect redemption, purchase or other acquisition
of any such stock; or (iii) increases paid or agreed to in the compensation,
retirement benefits or other commitments to their employees.   Section 2.8
Title to Property. The Company has good and  ------------------- marketable
title to all properties and assets, real and personal, proprietary
or otherwise, reflected in its balance sheets, and the properties and assets
of the Company are subject to no mortgage, pledge, lien or encumbrance,
except as reflected in the financial statements of the Company, with respect
to which no default exists.   Section 2.9 Litigation. Except as set forth
in Schedule 2.9,  ---------- here is no litigation or proceeding pending, or
to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, against or relating to the
Company or its properties or business, except litigation which is not
expected to have any material adverse effect on the Company. Further, no
officer, director or person who may be deemed to be an affiliate of the
Company is party to any material legal proceeding which could have an adverse
effect on the Company (financial or otherwise), and none is party to any
action or proceeding wherein any has an interest adverse to the Company.  
Section 2.10 Books and Records. From the date of this Agreement 
----------------- to the Closing, Sellers will cause Company to (i) give to
NPS and its representatives full access during normal business hours to all
of Company offices, books, records, contracts and other corporate documents
and properties so that NPS may inspect and audit them; and (ii) furnish such
information concerning the properties and affairs of Company as NPS may
reasonably request.   Section 2.11 Tax Returns. Except as set forth in
Schedule 2.11,  ----------- Company has filed all federal and state income
or franchise tax returns that have been required to be filed by it or has
received currently effective extensions of the required filing dates.  
Section 2.12 Confidentiality. Until the Closing (and 
--------------- continuously if there is no Closing), NPS and their
representatives will keep confidential any information which they obtain from
Sellers concerning their properties, assets and business.   Section 2.13
Environmental Matters. Company and the Sellers have 
--------------------- no knowledge of any assertion by any governmental
agency or other regulatory authority of any environmental lien, action or
proceeding, or of any cause for any such lien, action or proceeding related
to the business operations of Company or its predecessors. "Hazardous
Materials" means any oil or petrochemical products, PCB\'s, asbestos, urea
formaldehyde, flammable explosives, radioactive materials, solid or hazardous
wastes, chemicals, toxic substances or related materials, including, without
limitation, any substances defined as or included in the definition of
"hazardous substances," "hazardous wastes," " hazardous materials" or "toxic
substances" under any applicable federal or state laws or regulations.
"Hazardous Materials Regulations" means any regulations governing the use,
generation, handling, storage, treatment, disposal or release of hazardous
materials, including, without limitation, the Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation and Liability Act, the Resource Conservation and
Recovery Act and the Federal Water Pollution Control Act.     Section
2.14 Access to Information Regarding NPS. The Company and 
---------------------------------- the Sellers acknowledge that NPS has
delivered them copies of what has been represented to be documentation
containing all material information respecting NPS and its present and
contemplated business operations, potential acquisitions, management and
other factors, by personal delivery to them and/or by notification of access
to the reports and registration statements of NPS that contain such
information in the EDGAR Archives of the Securities and Exchange Commission
at www.sec.gov; that they have had a reasonable opportunity to review such
documentation and to discuss it, to the extent desired, with their
legal counsel, directors and executive officers; that they have had, to the
extent desired, the opportunity to ask questions of and receive responses
from the sole director and executive officer of NPS, and with the legal and
accounting firms of NPS, with respect to such documentation; and that to the
extent requested, all questions raised have been answered to their complete
satisfaction.   ARTICLE III   INVESTMENT AND PURCHASER REPRESENTATIONS 
-------------------------------------------   Section 3.1. To the best of
NPS\'s actual knowledge, NPS hereby represents and warrants to the Sellers
that:   (a) Common Stock. All of the common stock of the Purchaser upon
issuance  ------------- will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid
and are non-assessable. Upon issuance, the Common Stock and other purchase
consideration shall be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-
assessable.   (b) Authorization and Validity of Agreement. The Purchaser has
full power  --------------------------------------- and authority (corporate
or otherwise) to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform its
obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.
This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Purchaser and,
assuming the due execution of this Agreement by each of the Sellers, is a
valid and binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable against the
Purchaser in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that
its enforceability may be subject to applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization and similar laws affecting the enforcement of
creditors\' rights generally and to general equitable principles.   (c)
Consents and Approvals; No Violations. The execution and delivery of 
-------------------------------------- this Agreement by the Purchaser and
the consummation by the Purchaser of the purchase and sale of the Securities
as contemplated herein and the other transactions contemplated hereby (a)
will not violate the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of
the Purchaser, (b) will not violate any statute, rule, regulation, order or
decree of any public body or authority by which the Purchaser is bound or by
which any of its properties or assets are bound, (c) will not require any
filing with, or permit, consent or approval of, or the giving of any notice
to, any United States governmental or regulatory body, agency or authority on
or prior to the Closing Date (as defined in Section 1.3), and (d) will not
result in a violation or breach of, conflict with, constitute (with or
without due notice or lapse of time or both) a default (or give rise to any
right of termination, cancellation, payment or acceleration) under, or result
in the creation of any Encumbrance upon any of the properties or assets of
the Purchaser under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any note,
bond, mortgage, indenture, license, franchise, permit, agreement, lease,
franchise agreement or any other instrument or obligation to which
the Purchaser is a party, or by which they or any of its properties or assets
may be bound.     (d) Organization and Good Standing. NPS is a
corporation duly organized,  --------------------------------- validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of Nevada and is qualified to do
business as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction where the failure to
be so qualified would have a material adverse effect on NPS.   (e)
Capitalization. NPS\'s authorized capital stock consists of 300,000,000 
-------------- shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share, and
10,000,000 shares of preferred stock. A total of 43,425,000 shares of common
stock will be issued and outstanding after consummation of the transactions
set forth herein, and no shares of preferred stock are issued. All of the
issued and outstanding shares of NPS common stock were or will be duly
authorized for issuance and are validly issued, fully paid and non-
assessable. There are no options, warrants, convertible securities, any
rights of first refusal, any preemptive rights or any other right to acquire
equity securities of NPS outstanding, except for those which will be
cancelled on or prior to the Closing Date.   (f) Subsidiaries. NPS does not,
or at closing will not, directly or  ------------ indirectly, own any shares
of any capital stock or other equity interest in, has not made any investment
in, and does not control or have any proprietary interest in, any
corporation, partnership, joint venture or other business association or
entity.   (g) SEC Documents. NPS has filed reports required to be filed by
it under  -------------- the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
"Securities Act") and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
"Exchange Act"), including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for
the three years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as NPS was
required by law to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including
the exhibits thereto, being collectively referred to herein as the "SEC
Reports"). The SEC Documents constitute all of the documents and reports that
NPS filed with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder by the SEC since January 1, 2004. As of
their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects
with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder and none of the SEC Documents contained an
untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The
financial statements of NPS included in the SEC Documents comply as to form
in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the
published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, have been
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the
United States ("U.S. GAAP") (except, in the case of unaudited statements, as
permitted by the applicable form under the Exchange Act) applied on a
consistent basis during the periods involved (except as may be indicated in
the notes thereto) and fairly present the financial position of NPS as of the
dates thereof and its statements of operations, shareholders\' equity and
cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited
statements, to normal and recurring year-end audit adjustments which were and
are not expected to have a material adverse effect on NPS, its business,
financial condition or results of operations). Except as and to the extent
set forth on the consolidated balance sheet of NPS June 30, 2004, NPS has no
liability or obligation of any nature (whether accrued, absolute, contingent
or otherwise and whether required to be reflected on a balance sheet or not);
provided, that as of or prior to the Closing Date, all liabilities reflected
in such balance sheet shall have been settled, and NPS will complete the
divestiture of its wholly-owned subsidiary as of the Closing Date.    
(h) Financial Statements.  ----------------------   (1) Included in the SEC
Documents are the audited balance sheets of NPS December 31, 2003 and 2002,
and the related consolidated statements of operations and shareholders\'
deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and for the period January
1, 2002 through December 31, 2003, together with the report thereon (except
with respect to continuation as a going concern) of NPS\'s independent
auditor (collectively, "NPS\'s Audited Financials").   (2) NPS\'s Audited
Financials are (i) in accordance with the books and records of NPS, (ii)
correct and complete, (iii) fairly present the financial position and results
of operations of NPS as of the dates indicated, and (iv) prepared in
accordance with U.S. GAAP (except that (x) unaudited financial statements may
not be in accordance with U.S. GAAP because of the absence of footnotes
normally contained therein, and (y) interim (unaudited) financials are
subject to normal year-end audit adjustments that in the aggregate will not
have a material adverse effect on NPS, its business, financial condition or
results of operations).   (i) Public Listing of NPS. NPS has never been
listed on any national stock exchange or national market system in the United
States or elsewhere except the NASD OTC Bulletin Board ("OTCBB"), and its
common stock is currently quoted on the OTCBB. Since its last application for
quotation on the OTCBB was approved, NPS has not received notice from the
OTCBB to the effect that NPS is not in compliance with the listing or
maintenance requirements of the OTCBB. NPS is, and has no reason to believe
that it will not, in the foreseeable future, continue to be, in compliance
with all such listing and maintenance requirements. The market price for
NPS\'s common stock is arbitrary, and does not reflect the actual value of
its common stock, and NPS expects this to be the case for the foreseeable
future until such time, if ever, as a liquid market shall develop for NPS\'s
common stock and NPS receives proper analyst coverage. There can be no
assurance that there will ever be a liquid market for NPS\'s securities or
that NPS will ever receive any analyst coverage.     (j) Litigation. Other
than as disclosed in the SEC Reports, there is no  ---------- suit, action,
proceeding, investigation, claim or order pending or, to the knowledge of
NPS, threatened against NPS, or to which NPS is otherwise a party, before any
court, or before any governmental department, commission, board, agency, or
instrumentality; nor to the knowledge of NPS is there any reasonable basis
for any such action, proceeding or investigation.   (k) Governmental
Consents. All consents, approvals, orders, authorizations 
--------------------- or registrations, qualifications, designations,
declarations or filings with any U.S., federal or state governmental
authority on the part of NPS required in connection with the consummation of
the transactions contemplated herein shall have been obtained prior to and be
effective as of the Closing.   (l) Third Party Consents. All third party
consents, approvals, orders or  ---------------------- authorizations
required to be obtained by NPS in connection with the consummation of the
transactions contemplated herein have been obtained.   (m) No Disagreements
with Accountants and Lawyers. There are no disagreements of any kind
presently existing, or reasonably anticipated by NPS to arise, between the
accountants and lawyers presently employed by NPS and NPS is current with
respect to any fees owed to its accountants and lawyers.   (n) Disclosure.
The representations and warranties and statements of  ---------- fact made
by NPS in this Agreement are accurate, correct and complete in all material
respects and do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements
and information contained herein not false or misleading.   Section 3.2
Investment Representations. The Purchaser hereby represents to the Sellers
that:   (a) Purchaser has such knowledge and experience in financial
and business matters so as to be capable of evaluating and understanding, and
has evaluated and understood, the merits and risks of an investment in the
Company and the acquisition of securities of the Company, and Purchaser has
been given the opportunity to (i) obtain information and to examine all
documents relating to the Company and the Company\'s business, to (ii) ask
questions of, and to receive answers from, the Company concerning the
Company, the Company\'s business and the terms and conditions of an
investment in the Company, and to (iii) obtain any additional information, to
the extent the Company possesses such information or could acquire such
information without unreasonable effort or expense, necessary to verify the
accuracy of any information previously furnished. All such questions have
been answered to Purchaser\'s full satisfaction, and all information and
documents, records and books pertaining to an investment in the Company which
Purchaser has requested have been made available to Purchaser.     (b)
Purchaser is able to bear the substantial economic risks of Purchaser\'s
investment in the Company and the purchase of securities of the Company in
that, among other factors, Purchaser can afford to hold securities of the
Company for an indefinite period and can afford a complete loss
of Purchaser\'s investment in the Company.   (c) No material adverse change
in Purchaser\'s financial condition has taken place during the past twelve
(12) months, and Purchaser will have sufficient liquidity with respect to
Purchaser\'s net worth for an adequate period of time to provide for
Purchaser\'s needs and contingencies.   (d) Purchaser is relying on the
representations and warranties contained herein, and on the information
provided by the Sellers with respect to an investment in the Company and the
acquisition of securities of the Company, and has neither received nor relied
on any communication from the Company, the Company\'s officers or the
Company\'s agents regarding any tax advice relating to an investment in the
Company and the acquisition of securities of the Company.   (e) Purchaser
recognizes that investments in the Company involve substantial risks in that,
among other factors: (i) successful operation of the Company depends on
factors beyond the control of the Company; (ii) an investment in the Company
is a speculative investment and involves a high degree of risk of loss; (iii)
the Company is engaged in an industry which is highly competitive and subject
to substantial risks relating to rapid technological change,
fierce competition, uncertain markets and an uncertain customer base; (iv)
retention of key employees is critical to the Company\'s business; (v) the
Company has a limited amount of working capital available to it; and (vi)
there will be no public market for securities of the Company acquired by
Purchaser hereunder and, accordingly, it may not be possible to liquidate an
investment in the Company in case of immediate need of funds or any other
emergency, if at all. Purchaser has taken full cognizance of, and
understands, such risks and has obtained sufficient information to evaluate
the merits and risks of an investment in the Company and the acquisition of
securities of the Company.   (f) Purchaser confirms that none of the
Company\'s officers nor any of the Company\'s agents have made any warranties
concerning an investment in the Company, including, without limitation, any
warranties concerning anticipated financial results, or the likelihood of
success of the operations, of the Company.   (g) Securities of the Company
are acquired by Purchaser for Purchaser\'s own account, for investment and
not with a view to, or in connection with, any public offering or
distribution of the same and without any present intention to sell the same
at any particular event or circumstances. Purchaser has no agreement or other
arrangement with any person to sell, transfer or pledge any part of
securities of the Company which would guarantee Purchaser any profit
or provide any guarantee to Purchaser against any loss with respect to
securities of the Company.     (h) Purchaser understands that no federal,
state or other governmental agency of the United States or any other
territory or nation has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement
of an investment in securities of the Company.   (i) Purchaser understands
that securities of the Company have not been registered under the United
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Act") or applicable state or
other securities laws, and securities of the Company are offered and sold
under an exemption from registration provided by such laws and the rules and
regulations thereunder; further, Purchaser understands that the Company is
under no obligation to register securities of the Company or to comply with
any applicable exemption under any applicable securities laws with respect to
securities of the Company. Purchaser must bear the economic risks of an
investment in the Company for an indefinite period of time because it is not
anticipated that there will be any market for securities of the Company and
because securities of the Company cannot be resold unless subsequently
registered under applicable securities laws or unless an exemption from such
registration is available. Purchaser also understands that the exemption
provided by Rule 144 under the Act may not be available because of
the conditions and limitations of such Rule, and that in the absence of
the availability of such Rule, any disposition by Purchaser of any portion
of securities of the Company may require compliance with some other exemption
under the Act.   (j) Purchaser has been informed that legends referring to
the restrictions indicated herein are placed on the certificate(s)
evidencing securities of the Company held by Purchaser.   (k) Purchaser
agrees that the foregoing representations and warranties will survive the
sale of securities of the Company to Purchaser, as well as any investigation
made by any party relying on same.   Section 3.3 Seller Investment
Representations. The Sellers each hereby represent to the Purchaser, jointly
but not severally, that:   (a) Each Seller has such knowledge and experience
in financial and business matters so as to be capable of evaluating and
understanding, and has evaluated and understood, the merits and risks of an
investment in the Purchaser and the acquisition of securities of the
Purchaser, and Seller has been given the opportunity to (i) obtain
information and to examine all documents relating to the Purchaser and the
Purchaser\'s business, to (ii) ask questions of, and to receive answers from,
the Purchaser concerning the Purchaser, the Purchaser\'s business and the
terms and conditions of an investment in the Purchaser, and to (iii) obtain
any additional information, to the extent the Purchaser possesses such
information or could acquire such information without unreasonable effort or
expense, necessary to verify the accuracy of any information
previously furnished. All such questions have been answered to Seller\'s full
satisfaction, and all information and documents, records and books pertaining
to an investment in the Purchaser which Shareholder has requested have been
made available to Seller.   10    (b) Each Seller is able to bear the
substantial economic risks of Seller\'s investment in the Purchaser and the
purchase of securities of the Purchaser in that, among other factors, Seller
can afford to hold securities of the Purchaser for an indefinite period and
can afford a complete loss of Seller\'s investment in the Purchaser.   (c)
No material adverse change in Seller\'s financial condition has taken place
during the past twelve (12) months, and Seller will have sufficient liquidity
with respect to Seller\'s net worth for an adequate period of time to provide
for Seller\'s needs and contingencies.   (d) Each Seller is relying solely
on Seller\'s own decision or the advice of Seller\'s own advisor(s) with
respect to an investment in the Purchaser and the acquisition of securities
of the Purchaser, and has neither received nor relied on any communication
from the Purchaser, the Purchaser\'s officers or the Purchaser\'s agents
regarding any legal, investment or tax advice relating to an investment in
the Purchaser and the acquisition of securities of the Purchaser.   (e)
Securities of the Purchaser are acquired by Seller for Seller\'s own account,
for investment and not with a view to, or in connection with, any public
offering or distribution of the same and without any present intention
to sell the same at any particular event or circumstances. Seller has no
agreement or other arrangement with any person to sell, transfer or pledge
any part of securities of the Purchaser which would guarantee Seller any
profit or provide any guarantee to Seller against any loss with respect to
securities of the Purchaser.   (f) Each Seller understands that no federal,
state or other governmental agency of the United States or any other
territory or nation has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement
of an investment in securities of the Purchaser.   (g) Each Seller
understands that securities of the Purchaser have not been registered under
the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Act") or
applicable state or other securities laws, and securities of the Purchaser
are offered and sold under an exemption from registration provided by such
laws and the rules and regulations thereunder; further, Seller
understands that the Purchaser is under no obligation to register securities
of the Purchaser or to comply with any applicable exemption under any
applicable securities laws with respect to securities of the Purchaser.
Seller must bear the economic risks of an investment in the Purchaser for an
indefinite period of time because it is not anticipated that there will be
any market for securities of the Purchaser and because securities of the
Purchaser cannot be resold unless subsequently registered under applicable
securities laws or unless an exemption from such registration is available.
Seller also understands that the exemption provided by Rule 144 under the Act
may not be available because of the conditions and limitations of such Rule,
and that in the absence of the availability of such Rule, any disposition by
Shareholder of any portion of securities of the Purchaser may require
compliance with some other exemption under the Act. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, NPS agrees that it will timely file all required filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission such that Rule 144 shall at all times
remain available.   11    (h) Seller has been informed that legends
referring to the Rule 144 restrictions indicated herein are placed on the
certificate(s) evidencing securities of the Purchaser held by Seller, and a
legend referencing the lock-up agreement referred to in Article V below shall
be printed on all certificates issued to Ebersole.   (i) Seller agrees that
the foregoing representations and warranties will survive the sale of
securities of the Purchaser to Seller, as well as any investigation made by
any party relying on same.   (j) Each Seller is an "accredited investor" as
defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended.   ARTICLE IV   CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS 
---------------------------   Section 4.1 Purchaser. The purchase of the
Securities by Purchaser on the Closing Date is conditioned upon the
satisfaction or waiver, at or prior to the consummation of the sale of
Securities, of the following conditions:   (a) Truth of Representations and
Warranties. The representations and 
------------------------------------------- warranties of contained in this
Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the
Closing Date with the same effect as though such representations and
warranties have been made on and as of such date (except to the extent that
any such representation and warranty is stated in this Agreement to be made
as of a specific date, in which case such representation and warranty shall
be true and correct as of such specified date).   (b) Performance of
Agreements. All of the agreements of Company to be 
--------------------------- performed at or prior to the Closing Date
pursuant to the terms hereof shall have been duly performed in all material
respects, or waived (which waiver shall be evidenced by the occurrence of the
Closing).   (c) No Injunction. No court or other government body or public
authority  -------------- shall have issued an order which shall then be in
effect restraining or prohibiting the completion of the transactions
contemplated hereby.   (d) No Litigation. There shall not be any action,
suit or proceeding  -------------- pending or threatened that seeks to (i)
make the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby illegal or
otherwise restrict or prohibit consummation thereof or (ii) require the
divestiture by Purchaser or any of its subsidiaries or Affiliates of shares
of stock or of any business, assets or property of any of its subsidiaries or
Affiliates, or impose any material limitation on the ability of any of them
to conduct their business or to own or exercise control of such assets,
properties or stock and which, in either case, in the reasonable, good faith
determination of Purchaser has a significant likelihood of having a material
adverse effect on Purchaser.   12    (e) Non-Competition. Ebersole will
enter into a three year employment  --------------- agreement with NPS,
pursuant to which Mr. Ebersole will receive $120,000 per year in
compensation, health benefits and an automobile allowance. In the event Mr.
Ebersole terminates his employment with the Company for any reason, or
the Company terminates Mr. Ebersole\'s employment for cause (as defined in
the employment agreement), at any time prior to the fifth anniversary of the
Closing Date (the "Full Vesting Date"), then he will sell to the Company, and
the Company will purchase from Mr. Ebersole, for a purchase price of $0.001
per share, a number of shares of common stock equal to 540,000 multiplied by
the number of months remaining between the effective date of the termination
of Mr. Ebersole\'s employment and the Full Vesting Date. The number of months
remaining shall be rounded up to the nearest whole month.   Section 4.2
Sellers and Company. The sale of the Securities by Sellers on the Closing
Date is conditioned upon the satisfaction or waiver, at or prior to the
consummation of the sale of Securities, of the following conditions:   (a)
Truth of Representations and Warranties. The representations and 
------------------------------------------- warranties of Purchaser contained
in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects on and
as of the Closing Date with the same effect as though such representations
and warranties have been made on and as of such date (except to the extent
that any such representation and warranty is stated in this Agreement to be
made as of a specific date, in which case such representation and warranty
shall be true and correct as of such specified date).   (b) Performance of
Agreements. All of the agreements of Purchaser to be 
--------------------------- performed at or prior to the Closing Date
pursuant to the terms hereof shall have been duly performed in all material
respects, or waived (which waiver shall be evidenced by the occurrence of the
Closing).   (c) No Injunction. No court or other government body or public
authority  -------------- shall have issued an order which shall then be in
effect restraining or prohibiting the completion of the transactions
contemplated hereby.   (d) No Litigation. There shall not be any action,
suit or proceeding  -------------- pending or threatened that seeks to (i)
make the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby illegal or
otherwise restrict or prohibit consummation thereof or (ii) require the
divestiture by Purchaser or any of its subsidiaries or Affiliates of shares
of stock or of any business, assets or property of any of its subsidiaries or
Affiliates, or impose any material limitation on the ability of any of them
to conduct their business or to own or exercise control of such assets,
properties or stock and which, in either case, in the reasonable, good faith
determination of Purchaser has a significant likelihood of having a material
adverse effect on Purchaser.   13    ARTICLE V   POST-CLOSING
COVENANTS  -----------------------   Section 5.1 Audit. The NPS shall, as
soon as possible, commence an audit,  ----- with an independent certified
public accounting firm chosen by NPS, of the Company\'s 2002 and 2003 fiscal
year end income statements and balance sheets, as well as any other financial
statements that are required to be filed by NPS, within 60 days of the
closing of the acquisition of the Company by NPS.   Section 5.2 Management
Lockup. Ebersole hereby agrees, for a period (the  ----------------- "Lock-
up Period") commencing on the Closing Date and ending on the later of (i) the
second anniversary of the Closing Date, or (ii) the date upon which the right
of NPS to repurchase any shares held by Ebersole terminates, not to
sell, loan, pledge, assign, transfer, encumber, distribute, grant or
otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, or offer, contract or otherwise
agree to do any of the foregoing, any rights with respect to (a) any shares
of the common stock (the "Common Stock"), of NPS, (b) any options or warrants
to purchase any shares of Common Stock or any securities convertible into, or
exchangeable for, shares of Common Stock, or (c) any securities convertible
into or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock (collectively, the
"Securities"), in each case now owned or hereafter acquired directly or
indirectly by the undersigned or with respect to which the undersigned has or
hereafter acquires the power of disposition during the Lock-up Period
(collectively a "Disposition"), otherwise than as a bona fide gift or gifts,
provided the donee or donees thereof agree to be bound by this Lock-up
Agreement. The foregoing restriction is expressly agreed to preclude Ebersole
from engaging during the Lock-up Period in any hedging or other transaction
which is designed to, or reasonably expected to lead to or result in a
Disposition of the Securities, even if such Securities would be disposed of
by someone other than Ebersole. Furthermore, Ebersole hereby agrees and
consents to the entry of stop transfer instructions with NPS\'s
transfer agent against the transfer of the Securities held by the
undersigned, except in compliance with this Lock-up Agreement, and the
placement of an appropriate legend on the certificates representing the
Securities. It is understood that the lockup provisions in this paragraph
apply to Ebersole as the leader and CEO of NPS, and are designed to keep Mr.
Ebersole\'s interests aligned with those of NPS\'s shareholders, and to
promote long term shareholder value. Thus, this provision is specifically
agreed not to apply to any of the shares held, or to be held, by the ABS
Preferred Shareholders, and NPS shall at no time interfere with, or otherwise
restrict, hinder or delay any requested transfer of any shares by any of the
ABS Preferred Shareholders, so long as such transfer is lawful (which shall
be conclusively established by the delivery of a legal opinion at the request
of NPS). NPS shall complete any lawful transfer requested in writing by an
ABS Preferred Holder within three business days. In the event NPS breaches
this provision, the holder of the shares that have not been so transferred
shall be entitled to liquidated damages equal to the number of shares held by
such shareholder, multiplied by the closing price of NPS\'s common stock on
the date of the requested transfer, multiplied by two percent, for each month
or fraction of a month that such shares are not transferred after written
request by the shareholder. This provision is personal to the
Preferred Holders, and shall not benefit any other shareholder or transferee
of the Preferred Holders.   14    Section 5.3 Survival. The
representations and warranties of Articles II  -------- and III shall
survive the termination of this Agreement for a period of two years, and the
covenants and agreements set forth in this Article V shall survive
indefinitely.   ARTICLE VI   MISCELLANEOUS  -------------   Section 6.1
Expenses. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement,  -------- each
party to this Agreement will bear its respective fees and expenses
incurred in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution and
performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein. If
this Agreement is terminated, the obligation of each party to pay its own
fees and expenses will be subject to any rights of such party arising from a
breach of this Agreement by another party.   Section 6.2 Waiver; Remedies
Cumulative. The rights and remedies of the 
--------------------------- parties to this Agreement are cumulative and not
alternative. Neither any failure nor any delay by any party in exercising any
right, power or privilege under this Agreement or any of the documents
referred to in this Agreement will operate as a waiver of such right, power
or privilege, and no single or partial exercise of any such right, power or
privilege will preclude any other or further exercise of such right, power or
privilege or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. To the
maximum extent permitted by applicable law, (a) no claim or right arising out
of this Agreement or any of the documents referred to in this Agreement can
be discharged by one party, in whole or in part, by a waiver or renunciation
of the claim or right unless in writing signed by the other party; (b) no
waiver that may be given by a party will be applicable except in the specific
instance for which it is given; and (c) no notice to or demand on one party
will be deemed to be a waiver of any obligation of that party or of the right
of the party giving such notice or demand to take further action without
notice or demand as provided in this Agreement or the documents referred to
in this Agreement.   Section 6.3 Entire Agreement and Modification. This
Agreement  ------------------------------------ supersedes all prior
agreements, whether written or oral, between the parties with respect to its
subject matter, and constitutes a complete and exclusive statement of the
terms of the agreement between the parties with respect to its subject
matter. This Agreement may not be amended, supplemented, or
otherwise modified except by a written agreement executed by the party to be
charged with the amendment.   15    Section 6.4 Assignments, Successors
and No Third-Party Rights. No party 
------------------------------------------------- may assign any of its
rights or delegate any of its obligations under this Agreement without the
prior written consent of the other parties. Subject to the preceding
sentence, this Agreement will apply to, be binding in all respects upon and
inure to the benefit of the successors and permitted assigns of the parties.
Nothing expressed or referred to in this Agreement will be construed to give
any Person other than the parties to this Agreement any legal or equitable
right, remedy or claim under or with respect to this Agreement or
any provision of this Agreement, except such rights as shall inure to a
successor or permitted assignee pursuant to this Section.   Section 6.5
Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held 
------------ invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction,
the other provisions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect.
Any provision of this Agreement held invalid or unenforceable only in part or
degree will remain in full force and effect to the extent not held invalid
or unenforceable.   Section 6.6 Construction. The headings of Articles and
Sections in this  ------------ Agreement are provided for convenience only
and will not affect its construction or interpretation. All references to
"Articles" and "Sections" refer to the corresponding Articles and Sections of
this Agreement.   Section 6.7 Time of Essence. With regard to all dates and
time periods  --------------- set forth or referred to in this Agreement,
time is of the essence.   Section 6.8 Notices. All notices, consents,
waivers and other  ------- communications required or permitted by this
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given to a party when (a)
delivered to the appropriate address by hand or by nationally recognized
overnight courier service (costs prepaid); (b) sent by facsimile or e-mail
with confirmation of transmission by the transmitting equipment, so long as
such facsimile or e-mail is followed by a copy sent by mail; or (c) received
or rejected by the addressee, if sent by certified mail, return receipt
requested, in the case of NPS, Ebersole or the Company, to the principal
executive office set forth in NPS\'s last public filing prior to the date of
such communication, or to such other address, facsimile number, e-mail
address or person as a party may designate by notice to the
other parties).   Section 6.9 Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction. (a)
The interpretation  --------------------------------------- and construction
of this Agreement, and all matters relating hereto, shall be governed by the
laws of the State of California applicable to contracts made and to be
performed entirely within the State of California.   16    (b) Any
proceeding, action, litigation or claim (a "Proceeding") arising out of or
relating to this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated herein may
be brought in the courts of the State of California, County of Los Angeles,
City of Santa Monica, or, if it has or can acquire jurisdiction, in the
United States District Court for the Central District of California, and each
of the parties irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of each such
court in any such Proceeding, waives any objection it may now or hereafter
have to venue or to convenience of forum, agrees that all claims in respect
of the Proceeding shall be heard and determined only in any such court and
agrees not to bring any Proceeding arising out of or relating to this
Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated herein in any other court.
The parties agree that either or both of them may file a copy of
this paragraph with any court as written evidence of the knowing, voluntary
and bargained agreement between the parties irrevocably to waive any
objections to venue or to convenience of forum. Each party hereto hereby
consents to process being served in any such action or proceeding by the
mailing of a copy thereof to the address set forth opposite its name below
and agrees that such service upon receipt shall constitute good and
sufficient service of process or notice thereof. Nothing in this paragraph
shall affect or eliminate any right to serve process in any other manner
permitted by law.   Section 6.10 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. THE PARTIES HEREBY
WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO  -------------------- TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY PROCEEDING
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE CONTEMPLATED
TRANSACTIONS, WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER SOUNDING
IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT ANY OF THEM MAY FILE A
COPY OF THIS PARAGRAPH WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE KNOWING,
VOLUNTARY AND BARGAINED-FOR AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY TO WAIVE
TRIAL BY JURY AND THAT ANY PROCEEDING WHATSOEVER BETWEEN THEM RELATING TO
THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE CONTEMPLATED TRANSACTIONS SHALL INSTEAD BE
TRIED IN A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION BY A JUDGE SITTING WITHOUT A JURY.
TO THE EXTENT THIS JURY WAIVER IS NOT ENFORCEABLE, THEN ANY DISPUTE ARISING
UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING ARBITRATION
CONDUCTED IN SANTA MONICA, CALIFORNIA UNDER THE JAMS ARBITRATION RULES.  
Section 6.11 Execution of Agreement. This Agreement may be executed in 
----------------------- one or more counterparts, each of which will be
deemed to be an original copy of this Agreement and all of which, when taken
together, will be deemed to constitute one and the same agreement. The
exchange of copies of this Agreement and of signature pages by facsimile
transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this
Agreement as to the parties and may be used in lieu of the original Agreement
for all purposes. Signatures of the parties transmitted by facsimile shall be
deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes.   [SIGNATURE PAGE
FOLLOWS]   17    [Stock Exchange Agreement signature page]  IN WITNESS
WHEREOF, each of the parties have caused this Stock Purchase Agreement to be
executed all as of the day and year first above written.   THE MORPHEUS
TRUST:   By:  -----------------  Name: NATIONAL PARKING SYSTEMS, INC.,
Title: a Nevada corporation  LIVINGSTON INVESTMENTS, LTD.:  By: /s/ Marc
Ebersole ------------------------ Name: Marc Ebersole By: 
----------------- Title: CEO Name:  Title: ABS Holding Company, Inc. a
Nevada corporation BURTON PARTNERS, LLC  By: /s/ Marc Ebersole
By: ------------------------ ----------------- Name: Marc Ebersole
Name: Title: CEO Title:  BH Holding Company, Inc. PICASSO, LLC a Nevada
corporation   By:  ----------------- By: /s/Marc Ebersole
Name: ------------------------ Name: Marc Ebersole Title: Title: CEO  THE
GATEWAY REAL ESTATE Marc Ebersole INVESTMENT TRUST:  /s/ Marc Ebersole
By: ------------------------- ----------------- Marc Ebersole Name: 
Title:  ---------------------   18      '

