<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>mv5-12_exhs.txt
<DESCRIPTION>10.1
<TEXT>
                                                                  Exhibit 10.1


                   AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT


           Amendment dated as of April 22, 2003 (this "Amendment") to that Asset
Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2003 (the "Asset Purchase Agreement")
by and among Bethlehem Steel Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), the
other Sellers (as defined in the Asset Purchase Agreement), ISG Acquisition
Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Buyer"), and International Steel Group Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("ISG").

                             BACKGROUND INFORMATION

           A. Section 11.10 of the Asset Purchase Agreement provides that the
Asset Purchase Agreement may be amended by a written instrument executed by ISG,
Buyer and Parent.

           B. ISG, Buyer and Parent desire to amend the Asset Purchase
Agreement.

                             STATEMENT OF AGREEMENT

           In consideration of the premises and their respective
representations, warranties, covenants and undertakings herein contained, and
other good and valuable consideration the receipt and sufficiency of which are
hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

                             ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS

           Section 1.1 Definitions. Capitalized terms used in this Amendment and
not defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned them in the Asset
Purchase Agreement.

                             ARTICLE II AMENDMENTS

           Section 2.1 Amendment to Section 1.2(a). Schedule 1.2(a) to the Asset
Purchase Agreement is hereby amended by addition of the items listed on
Exhibit A.

           Section 2.2 Amendment to Section 1.3. Section 1.3(h) of the Asset
Purchase Agreement is hereby amended by adding the words "and the subsidiaries
of Keystone Railroad LLC which are Sellers" after the words "Railroad
Subsidiaries".

           Section 2.3 Amendment to Section 1.6(f). Section 1.6(f) of the Asset
Purchase Agreement is hereby amended (i) to replace the words "either or both"
with the words "any or all" and to insert ", the RZB Loan" after the words "the
CCC Loan", all in the first sentence, and (ii) to insert ", the RZB Loan" after
the words "the CCC Loan" in each place where such words appear in the second
sentence.

           Section 2.4 Amendment to Section 2.2. Section 2.2(a) of the Asset
Purchase Agreement is hereby amended (i) by deletion of the word "or" and
insertion of a "," immediately prior to "(y)" and (ii) by the insertion of the
phrase "or (z) The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September
29, 2000, among Buyer, RZB Finance LLC and each other financial institution that
may from time to time become a party thereto as lender, and RZB Finance LLC, as

<PAGE>
Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, as amended from time to time in
accordance with its terms (the "RZB Loan").

           Section 2.5 Amendment to Section 5.3.

           (a) Section 5.3(c) of the Asset Purchase Agreement is hereby amended
by the addition of the following sentences:

                     "In lieu of the release described in clause (i)(D) above,
           Buyer may obtain an assignment of the Claims, Liens and rights
           described therein to ISG or any of its Affiliates. If prior to the
           confirmation of a plan of liquidation or a plan of reorganization for
           Parent ISG (or its Affiliates) receives any amount in respect of any
           claims against any Seller assigned by the PBGC to ISG (or its
           Affiliates), ISG (or its Affiliates) shall promptly pay such amount
           to Parent for payment of claims that are or will be entitled to
           secured or priority treatment under section 506 or 507 of the
           Bankruptcy Code or payment to Buyer as provided in Section 2.3."

           (b) Section 5.3(i) of the Asset Purchase Agreement is hereby deleted.

           (c) A new Section 5.3(k) is hereby added to the Asset Purchase
Agreement, which shall read as follows:

                     "(k) Miscellaneous Property Matters. The parties
           contemplate that, notwithstanding the provisions of Article I of this
           Agreement, certain real estate and related assets included within the
           Acquired Assets may be sold by one or more of Sellers to parties
           other than Buyer or its Affiliates before Closing, at Closing or
           after Closing. Such sales shall be undertaken, if at all, pursuant to
           separate letter agreements between Buyer and Parent and, in the event
           that any real estate or other assets are to be retained by Sellers
           and sold after the Closing, such arrangement shall be documented by
           letter agreement prior to the Closing."

           (d) A new Section 5.3(l) is hereby added to the Asset Purchase
Agreement, which shall read as follows:

                     "(l) Bethlehem Steel Foundation. The parties acknowledge
           that Bethlehem Steel Foundation ("BSF") is a nonprofit corporation
           qualified under Section 501(c)(3) of the Code. Accordingly, and
           notwithstanding Article I of this Agreement, (i) BSF shall not be
           required to transfer, or to permit the utilization of, any of its
           assets in violation of any law or court order, and (ii) the parties
           shall cooperate to identify and implement a reasonable means to
           provide Buyer with the benefit of its bargain with respect to BSF's
           assets that is not in violation of any law or any restrictions to
           which the assets to BSF are subject, whether that be by transferring
           ownership of BSF to an Affiliate of Buyer, transferring BSF's assets
           to a 501(c)(3) organization acceptable to Buyer and consistent with
           any restrictions to which the assets of BSF are subject, excluding
           such assets entirely from the Acquired Assets, or other means."


                                       2
<PAGE>
           Section 2.6 Amendment to Section 5.5. Section 5.5 of the Asset
Purchase Agreement is hereby amended by substituting the words "ISG or Buyer"
for the word "Sellers" at the beginning of the last sentence thereof.

                           ARTICLE III MISCELLANEOUS

           Section 3.1 Full Force and Effect. The Asset Purchase Agreement, as
amended by this Amendment, remains in full force and effect.

           Section 3.2 Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in
counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which together shall
constitute a single agreement.

              (The remainder of this page intentionally left blank)



















                                       3
<PAGE>
           IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to
be executed by their duly authorized officers as of the date first written
above.

                              INTERNATIONAL STEEL GROUP INC.

                              By: /s/ Rodney B. Mott
                                  -------------------------------------------
                                  Name: Rodney B. Mott
                                  Title: President / CEO



                              ISG ACQUISITION INC.

                              By: /s/ Rodney B. Mott
                                  -------------------------------------------
                                  Name: Rodney B. Mott
                                  Title: President / CEO



                              BETHLEHEM STEEL CORPORATION

                              By: /s/ Leonard M. Anthony
                                  -------------------------------------------
                                  Name: Leonard M. Anthony
                                  Title: Senior Vice President and
                                         Chief Financial Officer




                                       4

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
