 ACQUISITION AGREEMENT OF
REORGANIZATION    ACQUISITION AGREEMENT   AMONG   BEKEM METALS,
INC.   AND   KAZAKH METALS, INC.   AND   THE SHAREHOLDERS OF  
KAZAKH METALS, INC.   DATED OCTOBER 24, 2005        TABLE OF
CONTENTS    Acquisition
Agreement.........................................................1  
Agreement..................................................................1 
Section 1 - Transfer of Shares..........................................1 
Section 2 - Issuance of Exchange Stock to KAZAKH METALS Shareholders....1 
Section 3 - Closing.....................................................2 
Section 4 - Representations and Warranties by KAZAKH METALS and  Certain
Shareholders......................................5  Section 5 -
Representations and Warranties by BEKEM METALS..............9  Section 6 -
Access and Information.....................................13  Section 7 -
Covenants of KAZAKH METALS and Certain Shareholders........14  Section 8 -
Covenants of BEKEM METALS..................................15  Section 9 -
Additional Covenants of the Parties........................17  Section 10 -
Survival of Representations, Warranties and Covenants.....18  Section 11 -
Conditions Precedent to Obligations of Parties............18  Section 12 -
Termination, Amendment, Waiver............................21  Section 13 -
Miscellaneous.............................................23  Exhibit
List.................................................................27  Schedule
List................................................................27    
ACQUISITION AGREEMENT    This Acquisition Agreement ("Agreement") is
entered into as of this 24th day of October 2005 by and between BEKEM METALS
INC., a Utah corporation ("BEKEM METALS"), and KAZAKH METALS, INC., a British
Virgin Islands international business company ("KAZAKH METALS"), and those
shareholders executing Offshore Restricted Securities Agreements attached
hereto as Exhibit A and listed in Exhibit B hereto, being all of the
shareholders of KAZAKH METALS as of the date this Agreement is
executed.    PLAN OF EXCHANGE   The transaction contemplated by this
Agreement is intended to be an acquisition whereby BEKEM METALS will acquire
100% of KAZAKH METALS\'s issued and outstanding common stock, (no par value)
in exchange for 61,200,000 shares of BEKEM METALS\'s common stock, $.001 par
value (the "Exchange Stock"). Upon the consummation of the exchange
transaction and the issuance and transfer of the Exchange Stock as set forth
in Section 2 hereinbelow, KAZAKH METALS Shareholders would hold approximately
sixty-one percent (61%) of the then-outstanding common stock of BEKEM METALS
representing a controlling interest in BEKEM METALS. The Exchange Transaction
will result in KAZAKH METALS becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of BEKEM
METALS.   AGREEMENT   Section 1  Transfer of Shares  1.1 All
shareholders of KAZAKH METALS (the "Shareholders" or the "KAZAKH  METALS
Shareholders"), as of the date of Closing as such term is  defined in Section
3 herein (the "Closing" or the "Closing Date"),  shall transfer, assign,
convey and deliver to BEKEM METALS on the  Closing Date, certificates
representing one hundred percent (100%) of  the KAZAKH METALS Stock. The
transfer of the KAZAKH METALS Stock shall  be made free and clear of all
liens, mortgages, pledges, encumbrances  or charges, whether disclosed or
undisclosed, except as the KAZAKH  METALS Shareholders and BEKEM METALS shall
have otherwise agreed in  writing.    Section 2  Issuance of Exchange
Stock to KAZAKH METALS Shareholders  2.1 As consideration for the transfer,
assignment, conveyance and delivery  of the KAZAKH METALS Stock hereunder,
BEKEM METALS shall, at the  Closing issue to the KAZAKH METALS Shareholders,
pro rata in accordance  with each Shareholder\'s percentage ownership of
KAZAKH METALS   1    immediately prior to the Closing, certificates
representing 61,200,000  shares of BEKEM METALS Common Stock. The parties
intend that the  Exchange Shares being issued will be used to acquire all
outstanding  KAZAKH METALS Shares. To the extent that less than 100% of the
KAZAKH  METALS Stock is acquired, the number of shares issuable to those
KAZAKH  METALS Shareholders who have elected to participate in the exchange 
described in this Agreement (the "Exchange") shall decrease 
proportionately.  2.2 The issuance of the Exchange Stock shall be made free
and clear of all  liens, mortgages, pledges, encumbrances or charges, whether
disclosed  or undisclosed, except as the KAZAKH METALS Shareholders and
BEKEM  METALS shall have otherwise agreed in writing. As provided herein,
and  immediately prior to the Closing, BEKEM METALS shall have issued and 
outstanding: (i) not more than 38,888,888 shares of Common Stock; and  (ii)
shall have no preferred stock or other securities issued and 
outstanding.  2.3 None of the Exchange Stock issued to the KAZAKH METALS
Shareholders,  nor any of the KAZAKH METALS Stock transferred to BEKEM
METALS  hereunder shall, at the time of Closing, be registered under
federal  securities laws but, rather, shall be issued pursuant to an
exemption  therefrom and be considered "restricted stock" within the meaning
of  Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Act"). All of such shares shall bear a legend worded substantially as 
follows:   "The shares represented by this certificate have not been 
registered under the Securities Act of 1933 (the "Act") and  are `restricted
securities\' as that term is defined in Rule  144 under the Act. The shares
may not be offered for sale,  sold or otherwise transferred except pursuant
to an exemption  from registration under the Act, the availability of which
is  to be established to the satisfaction of the Company."   The respective
transfer agents of BEKEM METALS and KAZAKH METALS shall  annotate their
records to reflect the restrictions on transfer embodied  in the legend set
forth above. There shall be no requirement that BEKEM  METALS register the
Exchange Stock under the Act, nor shall KAZAKH  METALS or the Shareholders be
required to register any KAZAKH METALS  Shares under the Act.    Section
3  Closing  3.1 Closing of Transaction. Subject to the fulfillment or
waiver of the  conditions precedent set forth in Section 11 hereof, the
Closing shall  take place on the Closing Date at the offices of, Poulton and
Yordan,   2    Attorneys at Law, 324 South 400 West, Salt Lake City, Utah
84101, at  10:00 A.M., local time, or at such other time on the Closing Date
as  KAZAKH METALS and BEKEM METALS may mutually agree in writing.  3.2
Closing Date. The Closing Date of the Exchange shall take place on a  date
chosen by mutual agreement of KAZAKH METALS and BEKEM METALS  within forty-
five (45) days from the date of this Agreement, or such  later date upon
which KAZAKH METALS and BEKEM METALS may mutually agree  in writing, or as
extended pursuant to subsection 12.1(b) hereinbelow.  3.3 Deliveries at
Closing.   (a) KAZAKH METALS shall deliver or cause to be delivered to
BEKEM METALS at Closing:   (1) certificates representing all shares, or an
amount of  shares acceptable to BEKEM Metals, of the KAZAKH  METALS Stock as
described in Section 1, each endorsed  in blank by the registered owner;  
(2) an agreement from each Shareholder surrendering his  or her shares
agreeing to a restriction on the  transfer of the Exchange Stock as described
in  Section 2 hereof ("Offshore Restricted Securities  Agreement");   (3)
a copy of a consent of KAZAKH METALS\'s board of  directors authorizing
KAZAKH METALS to take the  necessary steps toward Closing the transaction 
described by this Agreement in the form set forth in  Exhibit B;   (4)
Certificates of Good Standing for KAZAKH METALS and  its Subsidairy issued
not more than thirty (30) days  prior to Closing by the regulatory
authorities of the  British Virgin Islands and Republic of Kazakhstan, 
respectively;   (5) an opinion of Mikhail Ioffe Esq., special counsel to 
KAZAKH METALS, dated the Closing Date, in a form  deemed acceptable by BEKEM
METALS and its counsel;   (6) Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of KAZAKH
METALS  and its Subsidiary certified as of the Closing Date  by the
President and Secretary of KAZAKH METALS;   (7) such other documents,
instruments or certificates as  shall be reasonably requested by BEKEM METALS
or its  counsel.   (b) BEKEM METALS shall deliver or cause to be delivered
to KAZAKH METALS at Closing:   3    (1) a copy of a consent of BEKEM
METALS\'s board of  directors authorizing BEKEM METALS to take the 
necessary steps toward Closing the transaction  described by this Agreement
in the form set forth in  Exhibit C;   (2) a copy of a Certificate of Good
Standing for BEKEM  METALS issued not more than ten (10) days prior to 
Closing by the Secretary of State of Utah;   (3) all of BEKEM METALS\'s
corporate records;   (4) stock certificate(s) or a computer listing from
BEKEM  METALS\'s transfer agent representing the Exchange  Stock to be newly
issued by BEKEM METALS under this  Agreement, which certificates shall be in
the names  of the appropriate KAZAKH METALS Shareholders, each  in the
appropriate denomination as described in  Section 2;   (5) an opinion of
Poulton and Yordan, Attorneys at Law,  counsel to BEKEM METALS, dated the
Closing Date, in a  form deemed acceptable by KAZAKH METALS and its 
counsel;   (7) Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of BEKEM METALS 
certified as of the Closing Date by the President and  Secretary of BEKEM
METALS;   (8) such other documents, instruments or certificates as  shall
be reasonably requested by KAZAKH METALS or its  counsel.  3.4 Filings;
Cooperation.   (a) Prior to the Closing, the parties shall proceed with
due  diligence and in good faith to make such filings and take such  other
actions as may be necessary to satisfy the conditions  precedent set forth in
Section 11 below.   (b) On and after the Closing Date, BEKEM METALS, KAZAKH
METALS and  the Shareholders set forth in Exhibit A shall, on request and 
without further consideration, cooperate with one another by  furnishing or
using their best efforts to cause others to  furnish any additional
information and/or executing and  delivering or using their best efforts to
cause others to  execute and deliver any additional documents and/or 
instruments, and doing or using their best efforts to cause  others to do any
and all such other things as may be  reasonably required by the parties or
their counsel to  consummate or otherwise implement the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement.   4     Section 4  Representations and
Warranties by KAZAKH METALS and Certain Shareholders  4.1 Subject to the
schedule of exceptions, attached hereto and incorporated  herein by this
reference, (which schedules shall be acceptable to BEKEM  METALS), KAZAKH
METALS and those Shareholders listed on Exhibit A  represent and warrant to
BEKEM METALS as follows:   (a) Organization and Good Standing of KAZAKH
METALS. The Articles  of Incorporation of KAZAKH METALS AND KYZYL KAIN MAMYT
LLP,  Kazakhstan limited liability partnership, its wholly owned 
subsidiary, and all Amendments thereto as presently in effect,  and the
Bylaws of KAZAKH METALS AND KYZYL KAIN MAMYT, as  presently in effect,
certified by the President and Secretary  of KAZAKH METALS AND KYZYL KAIN
MAMYT, respectively, have been  delivered to BEKEM METALS and are complete
and correct and  since the date of such delivery, there has been no
amendment,  modification or other change thereto.   (b) Capitalization.
KAZAKH METALS\'s authorized capital stock is  50,000 shares of $1.00 par
value Common Stock (defined as  "KAZAKH METALS Common Stock"), of which
50,000 shares are  issued and outstanding prior to the Closing Date, and held
of  record by approximately eighteen (18) shareholders, who are  currently
not residents of the United States. All of such  outstanding shares are
validly issued, fully paid and  non-assessable. There are no outstanding
options and warrants  for KAZAKH METALS Common Stock. All securities issued
by  KAZAKH METALS as of the date of this Agreement have been  issued in
compliance with all applicable securities laws.  Except as set forth in
Schedule 4.1(b), no other equity  securities or debt obligations of KAZAKH
METALS are  authorized, issued or outstanding.   (c) Subsidiaries. Other
than KYZYL KAIN MAMYT LLP, and as set  forth in Schedule 4.1 (c), KAZAKH
METALS has no subsidiaries  and no other investments, directly or indirectly,
or other  financial interest in any other corporation or business 
organization, joint venture or partnership of any kind  whatsoever.   (d)
Financial Statements. KAZAKH METALS will deliver to BEKEM  METALS, prior to
Closing, a copy of KAZAKH METALS\'s unaudited  financial statements for the
nine (9) months ended September  30, 2005, which will be true and complete
and will have been  prepared in conformity with generally accepted
accounting  principles and within 90 days of the date of this Agreement, 
audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended  December 31, 2004
prepared in compliance with U.S. GAAP and  GAAS. Other than changes in the
usual and ordinary conduct of  the business since September 30, 2005, there
have been and, at  the Closing Date, there will be no material adverse
changes in  such financial statements.   5    (e) Absence of Undisclosed
Liabilities. Other than as set forth in  Schedule 4.1 (e), neither KAZAKH
METALS nor its subsidiaries  has any liabilities which are not adequately
reflected or  reserved against in the KAZAKH METALS Financial Statements or 
otherwise reflected in this Agreement and KAZAKH METALS shall  not have as of
the Closing Date, any liabilities (secured or  unsecured and whether accrued,
absolute, direct, indirect or  otherwise) which were incurred after September
30, 2005, and  would be individually or in the aggregate, material to the 
results of operations or financial condition of KAZAKH METALS  as of the
Closing Date.   (f) Litigation. Except as disclosed in Schedule 4.1(f),
there are  no outstanding orders, judgments, injunctions, awards or  decrees
of any court, governmental or regulatory body or  arbitration tribunal
against KAZAKH METALS or its subsidiary  or its properties. Except as
disclosed in Schedule 4.1(f),  there are no actions, suits or proceedings
pending, or, to the  knowledge of KAZAKH METALS, threatened against or
affecting  KAZAKH METALS or its affiliated companies, any of its officers 
or directors relating to their positions as such, or any of  its properties,
at law or in equity, or before or by any  federal, state, municipal or other
governmental department,  commission, board, bureau, agency or
instrumentality, domestic  or foreign, in connection with the business,
operations or  affairs of KAZAKH METALS or its affiliated company which
might  result in any material adverse change in the operations or  financial
condition of KAZAKH METALS, or which might prevent  or materially impede the
consummation of the transactions  under this Agreement.   (g) Compliance
with Laws. To the best of its knowledge, the  operations and affairs of
KAZAKH METALS and its affiliated  companies do not violate any law,
ordinance, rule or  regulation currently in effect, or any order, writ,
injunction  or decree of any court or governmental agency, the violation  of
which would substantially and adversely affect the  business, financial
conditions or operations of such  affiliated company or KAZAKH METALS .  
(h) Absence of Certain Changes. Except as set forth in Schedule  4.1(h), or
otherwise disclosed in writing to BEKEM METALS,  since September 30,
2005,   (i) KAZAKH METALS has not entered into any material  transaction; 
(ii) there has been no change in the condition (financial  or otherwise),
business, property, prospects, assets  or liabilities of KAZAKH METALS as
shown on the  KAZAKH METALS Financial Statement, other than changes  that
both individually and in the aggregate do not  have a consequence that is
materially adverse to such  condition, business, property, prospects, assets
or  liabilities;  (iii) there has been no damage to, destruction of or
loss  of any of the properties or assets of KAZAKH METALS  (whether or not
covered by insurance) materially and   6    adversely affecting the
condition (financial or  otherwise), business, property, prospects, assets
or  liabilities of KAZAKH METALS;  (iv) KAZAKH METALS has not declared, or
paid any dividend  or made any distribution on its capital stock,  redeemed,
purchased or otherwise acquired any of its  capital stock, granted any
options to purchase shares  of its stock, or issued any shares of its
capital  stock except in conjunction with the private  placement described
in Schedule 4.1(h);  (v) there has been no material change, except in the 
ordinary course of business, in the contingent  obligations of KAZAKH METALS
by way of guaranty,  endorsement, indemnity, warranty or otherwise;  (vi)
there have been no loans made by KAZAKH METALS to its  employees, officers or
directors;  (vii) there has been no waiver or compromise by KAZAKH  METALS
of a valuable right or of a material debt owed  to it;  (viii) there has
been no extraordinary increase in the  compensation of any of KAZAKH
METALS\'s employees;  (ix) there has been no agreement or commitment by
KAZAKH  METALS to do or perform any of the acts described in  this Section
4.1(h); and  (x) there has been no other event or condition of any 
character, which might reasonably be expected either  to result in a material
and adverse change in the  condition (financial or otherwise), business, 
property, prospects, assets or liabilities of KAZAKH  METALS or to impair
materially the ability of KAZAKH  METALS to conduct the business now being
conducted.   (i) Employees. There are, except as disclosed in Schedule
4.1(i),  no collective bargaining, bonus, profit sharing, compensation,  or
other plans, agreements or arrangements between KAZAKH  METALS and any of its
directors, officers or employees and  there is no employment, consulting,
severance or  indemnification arrangements, agreements or understandings 
between KAZAKH METALS on the one hand, and any current or  former directors,
officers or employees of KAZAKH METALS on  the other hand.   (j) Assets.
All of the assets reflected on the September 30, 2005,  KAZAKH METALS
Financial Statements or acquired and held as of  the Closing Date, will be
owned by KAZAKH METALS on the  Closing Date. Except as set forth in Schedule
4.1(j), KAZAKH  METALS owns outright and has good and marketable title, or 
holds valid and enforceable leases, to all of such assets.  None of KAZAKH
METALS\'s equipment used by KAZAKH METALS in  connection with its business
has any material defects and all  of them are in all material respects in
good operating  condition and repair, and are adequate for the uses to
which  they are being put; none of KAZAKH METALS\'s equipment is in  need of
maintenance or repairs, except for ordinary, routine  maintenance and repair.
KAZAKH METALS represents that, except  to the extent disclosed in Schedule
4.1(j) to this Agreement   7    or reserved against on its balance sheet
as of September 30,  2005, it is not aware of any accounts and contracts
receivable  existing that in its judgment would be uncollectible.   (k) Tax
Matters. Other than as set forth in Schedule 4.1 (k), all  federal, foreign,
state and local tax returns, reports and  information statements required to
be filed by or with respect  to the activities of KAZAKH METALS and its
subsidiary have  been timely filed. Since September 30, 2005, KAZAKH METALS
has  not incurred any liability with respect to any federal,  foreign, state
or local taxes except in the ordinary and  regular course of business. Such
returns, reports and  information statements are true and correct in all
material  respects insofar as they relate to the activities of KAZAKH 
METALS. On the date of this Agreement, neither KAZAKH METALS  nor its
subsidiary is delinquent in the payment of any such  tax or assessment, and
no deficiencies for any amount of such  tax have been proposed or
assessed.   (l) Operating Authorities. To the best knowledge of KAZAKH
METALS,  KAZAKH METALS and its subsidiary have all material operating 
authorities, governmental certificates and licenses, permits,  authorizations
and approvals ("Permits") required to conduct  its business as presently
conducted or proposed to be  conducted. Such Permits are set forth on
Schedule 4.1(l).  Since KAZAKH METALS\'s inception, there has not been any
notice  or adverse development regarding such Permits; such Permits  are in
full force and effect; no material violations are or  have been recorded in
respect of any permit; and no proceeding  is pending or threatened to revoke
or limit any Permit.   (m) Continuation of Key Management. To the best
knowledge of  KAZAKH METALS, all key management personnel of KAZAKH METALS 
intend to continue their employment with KAZAKH METALS after  the
Closing.   (n) Books and Records. The books and records of KAZAKH METALS
and  its subsidiary are complete and correct, are maintained in  accordance
with good business practice and accurately present  and reflect, in all
material respects, all of the transactions  therein described, and there have
been no transactions  involving KAZAKH METALS or its subsidiary which
properly  should have been set forth therein and which have not been 
accurately so set forth.   (o) Authority to Execute Agreement. The Board of
Directors of  KAZAKH METALS, pursuant to the power and authority legally 
vested in it, has duly authorized the execution and delivery  by KAZAKH
METALS of this Agreement, and has duly authorized  each of the transactions
hereby contemplated. KAZAKH METALS  has the power and authority to execute
and deliver this  Agreement, to consummate the transactions hereby
contemplated  and to take all other actions required to be taken by it 
pursuant to the provisions hereof. KAZAKH METALS has taken all   8   
actions required by law, its Articles of Incorporation, as  amended, or
otherwise to authorize the execution and delivery  of this Agreement. This
Agreement is valid and binding upon  KAZAKH METALS and those Shareholders
listed in Exhibit A  hereto in accordance with its terms. Neither the
execution and  delivery of this Agreement nor the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated hereby will constitute a violation  or breach of
the Articles of Incorporation, as amended, or the  Bylaws, as amended, of
KAZAKH METALS, or any agreement,  stipulation, order, writ, injunction,
decree, law, rule or  regulation applicable to KAZAKH METALS.   (p)
Finder\'s Fees. KAZAKH METALS is not, and on the Closing Date  will not be
liable or obligated to pay any finder\'s, agent\'s  or broker\'s fee arising
out of or in connection with this  Agreement or the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.  4.2 Disclosure. At the date of this Agreement, KAZAKH
METALS and those  Shareholders listed in Exhibit A have, and at the Closing
Date they  will have, disclosed all events, conditions and facts materially 
affecting the business and prospects of KAZAKH METALS. KAZAKH METALS  and
such Shareholders have not now and will not have at the Closing  Date,
withheld knowledge of any such events, conditions or facts which  they know,
or have reasonable grounds to know, may materially affect  KAZAKH METALS\'s
business and prospects. Neither this Agreement nor any  certificate, exhibit,
schedule or other written document or statement,  furnished to BEKEM METALS
by KAZAKH METALS and/or by such Shareholders  in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement  contains or will contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or  omits or will omit to state a
material fact necessary to be stated in  order to make the statements
contained herein or therein not  misleading.    Section 5 
Representations and Warranties by BEKEM METALS  5.1 Subject to the schedule
of exceptions, attached hereto and incorporated  herein by this reference,
(which schedules shall be acceptable to  KAZAKH METALS), BEKEM METALS
represents and warrants to KAZAKH METALS  and those Shareholders listed in
Exhibit A as follows:   (a) Organization and Good Standing. BEKEM METALS is
currently a  corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good 
standing under the laws of the State of Utah and has full  corporate power
and authority to own or lease its properties  and to carry on its business as
now being conducted and as  proposed to be conducted. BEKEM METALS is
qualified to conduct  business as a foreign corporation in no other
jurisdiction,  and the failure to so qualify in any other jurisdiction
does   9    not materially, adversely affect the ability of BEKEM
METALS  to carry on its business as most recently conducted. The  Articles
of Incorporation of BEKEM METALS and all amendments  thereto as presently in
effect, certified by the Secretary of  State of Utah, and the Bylaws of BEKEM
METALS as presently in  effect, certified by the President and Secretary of
BEKEM  METALS, have been delivered to KAZAKH METALS and are complete  and
correct and since the date of such delivery, there has  been no amendment,
modification or other change thereto.   (b) Capitalization. BEKEM METALS\'s
authorized capital stock  consists of 150,000,000 shares of $.001 par value
Common stock  (defined above as "BEKEM METALS Common Stock"), of which not 
more than 38,888,888 will be issued and outstanding, prior to  Closing Date.
Except as set forth in Schedule 5.1(b), no other  equity securities or debt
obligations of BEKEM METALS are  authorized, issued or outstanding and as of
the Closing, there  will be no other outstanding options, warrants,
agreements,  contracts, calls, commitments or demands of any character, 
preemptive or otherwise, other than this Agreement, relating  to any of the
BEKEM METALS Common Stock, and there will be no  outstanding security of any
kind convertible into BEKEM METALS  Common Stock. The shares of BEKEM METALS
Common Stock are free  and clear of all liens, charges, claims, pledges,
restrictions  and encumbrances whatsoever of any kind or nature that would 
inhibit, prevent or otherwise interfere with the transactions  contemplated
hereby. All of the outstanding BEKEM METALS  Common Stock are validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable  and there are no voting trust agreements or
other contracts,  agreements or arrangements restricting or affecting voting
or  dividend rights or transferability with respect to the  outstanding
shares of BEKEM METALS Common Stock.   (c) Issuance of Exchange Stock. All
of the BEKEM METALS Common  Stock to be issued to or transferred to KAZAKH
METALS  Shareholders pursuant to this Agreement, when issued,  transferred
and delivered as provided herein, will be duly  authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable, and  will be free and clear of all liens,
charges, claims, pledges,  restrictions and encumbrances whatsoever of any
kind or  nature, except those restrictions imposed by State or Federal 
corporate and securities regulations.   (d) Shareholder Approval. BEKEM
METALS will not be required to  obtain any approval of the transaction set
forth in this  Agreement by its shareholders under the laws of the State of 
Utah.   (e) No Violation. Neither the execution and delivery of this 
Agreement nor the consummation of the transactions  contemplated hereby nor
compliance by BEKEM METALS with any of  the provisions hereof will:   (1)
violate or conflict with, or result in a breach of  any provisions of, or
constitute a default ( or an  event which, with notice or lapse of time or
both,  would constitute a default) under, any of the terms,  conditions or
provisions of the Articles of   10    Incorporation or Bylaws of BEKEM
METALS or any note,  bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, license, 
agreement or other instrument to which BEKEM METALS  is a party, or by which
it or its properties or  assets may be bound or affected; or   (2) violate
any order, writ, injunction or decree, or any  statute, rule, permit, or
regulation applicable to  BEKEM METALS or any of its properties or
assets.   (f) Subsidiaries. Except as set forth in Schedule 5.1 (f), BEKEM 
METALS has no subsidiaries and no investments, directly or  indirectly, or
other financial interest in any other  corporation or business organization,
joint venture or  partnership of any kind whatsoever.   (g) Financial
Statements. BEKEM METALS will deliver to KAZAKH  METALS prior to Closing,
copies of all of BEKEM METALS\'s  audited financial statements for the period
ended December 31,  2004 and unaudited financial statements through September
30,  2005, all of which are true and complete and have been  prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting  principles.   (h) SEC
Filings. BEKEM METALS will deliver to KAZAKH METALS prior  to Closing, copies
of all of BEKEM METALS\'s recent filings  made with the Securities and
Exchange Commission ("SEC"  including Forms 10-KSB and 10-QSB and any proxy
material).   (i) Absence of Certain Changes. Since September 30, 2005 there
has  been no material change in BEKEM METALS\'s financial  conditions,
assets or liabilities, except as set forth in  Schedule 5.1(i).   (j)
Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities. Except as disclosed in  BEKEM METALS\'s
Financial Statements, BEKEM METALS did not  have, as of the Closing Date, any
liabilities (secured or  unsecured and whether accrued, absolute, direct,
indirect or  otherwise) which were incurred after September 30, 2005, and 
would be individually or in the aggregate, material to the  results of
operation or financial condition of BEKEM METALS.   (k) Litigation. There
are no outstanding orders, judgments,  injunctions, awards or decrees of any
court, governmental or  regulatory body or arbitration tribunal against BEKEM
METALS  or its properties. There are no actions, suits or proceedings 
pending, or, to the knowledge of BEKEM METALS, threatened  against or
relating to BEKEM METALS. BEKEM METALS is not, and  on the Closing Date will
not be, in default under or with  respect to any judgment, order, writ,
injunction or decree of  any court or of any federal, state, municipal or
other  governmental authority, department, commission, board, agency  or
other instrumentality; and BEKEM METALS has, and on the   11    Closing
Date will have, complied in all material respects with  all laws, rules,
regulations and orders applicable to it, if  any.   (l) Contracts. BEKEM
METALS is not a party to any written or oral  commitment for capital
expenditures except as contemplated by  this Agreement. BEKEM METALS is not a
party to, nor is its  property bound by any written or oral, express or
implied,  agreement, contract or other contractual obligation including, 
without limitation, any real or personal property leases, any  employment
agreements, any consulting agreements any personal  services agreements or
any other agreements that require BEKEM  METALS to pay any money or deliver
any assets or services.  BEKEM METALS has in all material respects performed
all  obligations required to be performed by it to date and is not  in
default in any material respect under any agreements or  other documents to
which it was a party.   (m) Tax Matters. Except as set forth in Schedule
5.1(m), all  federal, foreign, state and local tax returns, reports and 
information statements required to be filed by or with respect  to the
activities of BEKEM METALS have been filed for all the  years and periods for
which such returns and statements were  due, including extensions thereof.
Since September 30, 2005  BEKEM METALS has not incurred any liability with
respect to  any federal, foreign, state or local taxes except in the 
ordinary and regular course of business. Such returns, reports  and
information statements are true and correct in all  material respects insofar
as they relate to the activities of  BEKEM METALS. On the date of this
Agreement, BEKEM METALS is  not delinquent in the payment of any such tax or
assessment,  and no deficiencies for any amount of such tax have been 
proposed or assessed. Any tax sharing agreement among or  between BEKEM
METALS and any affiliate thereof shall be  terminated as of the Closing
Date.   (n) Authority to Execute Agreement. The Board of Directors of 
BEKEM METALS, pursuant to the power and authority legally  vested in it, has
duly authorized the execution and delivery  by BEKEM METALS of this Agreement
and the Exchange Stock, and  has duly authorized each of the transactions
hereby  contemplated. BEKEM METALS has the power and authority to  execute
and deliver this Agreement, to consummate the  transactions hereby
contemplated and to take all other actions  required to be taken by it
pursuant to the provisions hereof.  BEKEM METALS has taken all the actions
required by law, its  Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, its Bylaws,
as  amended, applicable state law or otherwise to authorize the  execution
and delivery of the Exchange Stock pursuant to the  provisions hereof. This
Agreement is valid and binding upon  BEKEM METALS in accordance with its
terms.   (o) Finder\'s Fees. BEKEM METALS is not, and on the Closing Date, 
will not be liable or obligated to pay any finder\'s, agent\'s   12    or
broker\'s fee arising out of or in connection with this  Agreement or the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (p) Books and Records. The
books and records of BEKEM METALS are  complete and correct, are maintained
in accordance with good  business practice and accurately present and reflect
in all  material respects, all of the transactions therein described  and
there have been no transactions involving BEKEM METALS  which properly should
have been set forth therein and which  have not been accurately so set
forth.  5.2 Disclosure. BEKEM METALS has and at the Closing Date it will
have,  disclosed all events, conditions and facts materially affecting the 
business and prospects of BEKEM METALS. BEKEM METALS has not now and  will
not have at the Closing Date, withheld knowledge of any such  events,
conditions and facts which it knows, or has reasonable grounds  to know, may
materially affect BEKEM METALS\'s business and prospects.  Neither this
Agreement, nor any certificate, exhibit, schedule or other  written document
or statement, furnished to KAZAKH METALS or the KAZAKH  METALS Shareholders
by BEKEM METALS in connection with the transactions  contemplated by this
Agreement contains or will contain any untrue  statement of a material fact
or omits or will omit to state a material  fact necessary to be stated in
order to make the statements contained  herein or therein not
misleading.    Section 6  Access and Information  6.1 As to KAZAKH
METALS. Subject to the protections provided by subsection  9.4 herein, KAZAKH
METALS shall give to BEKEM METALS and to BEKEM  METALS\'s counsel,
accountants and other representatives full access  during normal business
hours throughout the period prior to the  Closing, to all of KAZAKH METALS\'s
properties, books, contracts,  commitments, and records, including
information concerning products and  customer base, and patents held by, or
assigned to, KAZAKH METALS, and  furnish BEKEM METALS during such period with
all such information  concerning KAZAKH METALS\'s affairs as BEKEM METALS
reasonably may  request.  6.2 As to BEKEM METALS. Subject to the
protections provided by subsection  9.4 herein, BEKEM METALS shall give to
KAZAKH METALS, the KAZAKH METALS  Shareholders and their counsel, accountants
and other representatives,  full access, during normal business hours
throughout the period prior  to the Closing, to all of BEKEM METALS\'s
properties, books, contracts,  commitments, and records, if any, and shall
furnish KAZAKH METALS and  the KAZAKH METALS Shareholders during such period
with all such  information concerning BEKEM METALS\'s affairs as KAZAKH
METALS and the  KAZAKH METALS Shareholders reasonably may request.  
13    Section 7  Covenants of KAZAKH METALS and Certain
Shareholders  7.1 No Solicitation. For a period of forty-five (45) days from
the date of  this Agreement, KAZAKH METALS and those Shareholders listed on
Exhibit  A, to the extent within each Shareholder\'s control, will use their
best  efforts to cause its officers, employees, agents and representatives 
not, directly or indirectly, to solicit, encourage, or initiate any 
discussions with, or indirectly to solicit, encourage, or initiate any 
discussions with, to, any person or entity other than BEKEM METALS and  its
officers, employees, and agents, concerning any merger, sale of  substantial
assets, or similar transaction involving KAZAKH METALS, or  any sale of any
of its capital stock or of the capital stock held by  such Shareholders in
excess of fifty percent (50%) of such  Shareholder\'s current stock holdings
except as otherwise disclosed in  this Agreement. KAZAKH METALS will notify
BEKEM METALS immediately upon  receipt of an inquiry, offer, or proposal
relating to any of the  foregoing. None of the foregoing shall prohibit
providing information  to others in a manner in keeping with the ordinary
conduct of KAZAKH  METALS\'s business, or providing information to government
authorities.  7.2 Conduct of Business Pending the Transaction. KAZAKH METALS
and those  Shareholders listed on Exhibit A, to the extent within each 
Shareholder\'s control, covenant and agree with BEKEM METALS that, prior  to
the consummation of the transaction called for by this Agreement,  and
Closing, or the termination of this Agreement pursuant to its  terms, unless
BEKEM METALS shall otherwise consent in writing, and  except as otherwise
contemplated by this Agreement, KAZAKH METALS and  those Shareholders listed
on Exhibit A, to the extent within each  Shareholder\'s control, will comply
with each of the following:   (a) Its business shall be conducted only in
the ordinary and usual  course. KAZAKH METALS shall use reasonable efforts to
keep  intact its business organization and good will, keep available  the
services of its respective officers and employees, and  maintain good
relations with suppliers, creditors, employees,  customers, and others having
business or financial  relationships with it, and it shall immediately notify
BEKEM  METALS of any event or occurrence which is material to, and  not in
the ordinary and usual course of business of KAZAKH  METALS.   (b) It shall
not (i) amend its Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws  or (ii) split,
combine, or reclassify any of its outstanding  securities, or declare, set
aside, or pay any dividend or  other distribution on, or make or agree or
commit to make any  exchange for or redemption of any such securities payable
in  cash, stock or property.   (c) It shall not (i) issue or agree to issue
any additional shares  of, or rights of any kind to acquire any shares of,
its  capital stock of any class, or (ii) enter into any contract,  
14    agreement, commitment, or arrangement with respect to any of  the
foregoing, except as set forth in this Agreement.   (d) It shall not create,
incur, or assume any long-term or  short-term indebtedness for money borrowed
or make any capital  expenditures or commitment for capital expenditures,
except in  the ordinary course of business and consistent with past 
practice.   (e) It shall not (i) adopt, enter into, or amend any bonus,
profit  sharing, compensation, stock option, warrant, pension,  retirement,
deferred compensation, employment, severance,  termination or other employee
benefit plan, agreement, trust  fund, or arrangement for the benefit or
welfare of any  officer, director, or employee, or (ii) agree to any
material  (in relation to historical compensation) increase in the 
compensation payable or to become payable to, or any increase  in the
contractual term of employment of, any officer,  director or employee except,
with respect to employees who are  not officers or directors, in the ordinary
course of business  in accordance with past practice, or with the written
approval  of BEKEM METALS.   (f) It shall not sell lease, mortgage,
encumber, or otherwise  dispose of or grant any interest in any of its assets
or  properties except for: (i) sales, encumbrances, and other  dispositions
or grants in the ordinary course of business and  consistent with past
practice; (ii) liens for taxes not yet  due; (iii) liens or encumbrances that
are not material in  amount or effect and do not impair the use of the
property, or  (iv) as specifically provided for or permitted in this 
Agreement.   (g) It shall not enter into any material agreement, commitment,
or  understanding, whether in writing or otherwise, with respect  to any of
the matters referred to in subparagraphs (a) through  (f) above.   (h) It
will continue properly and promptly to file when due all  federal, state,
local, foreign, and other tax returns,  reports, and declarations required to
be filed by it, and will  pay, or make full and adequate provision for the
payment of,  all taxes and governmental charges due from or payable by
it.   (i) It will comply with all laws and regulations applicable to it 
and its operations.    Section 8  Covenants of BEKEM METALS  8.1 No
Solicitation. For a period of forty-five (45) days from the date of  this
Agreement, BEKEM METALS will not discuss or negotiate with any  other
corporation, firm or other person or entertain or consider any  inquiries or
proposals relating to the possible disposition of its  shares of capital
stock, or its assets, and will conduct business only   15    in the
ordinary course. Notwithstanding the foregoing, BEKEM METALS  shall be free
to engage in activities mentioned in the preceding  sentence, which are
designed to further the mutual interests of the  parties to this
Agreement.  8.2 Conduct of BEKEM METALS Pending Closing. BEKEM METALS
covenants and  agrees with KAZAKH METALS that, prior to the consummation of
the  transactions called for by this Agreement, and Closing, or the 
termination of this Agreement pursuant to its terms, unless KAZAKH  METALS
shall otherwise consent in writing, and except as otherwise  contemplated by
this Agreement, BEKEM METALS will comply with each of  the following.   (a)
No change will be made in BEKEM METALS\'s Certificate of  Incorporation or
Bylaws or in BEKEM METALS\'s authorized or  issued shares of stock, except as
contemplated in this  Agreement or as may be first approved in writing by
KAZAKH  METALS.   (b) No dividends shall be declared, no stock options
granted and  no employment agreements shall be entered into with officers 
or directors in BEKEM METALS, except as may be first approved  in writing by
KAZAKH METALS.   (c) It shall not (i) issue or agree to issue any additional
shares  of, or rights of any kind to acquire any shares of, its  capital
stock of any class, or (ii) enter into any contract,  agreement, commitment,
or arrangement with respect to any of  the foregoing, except as set forth in
this Agreement.   (d) It shall not create, incur, or assume any long-term
or  short-term indebtedness for money borrowed or make any capital 
expenditures or commitment for capital expenditures, except in  the ordinary
course of business and consistent with past  practice.   (e) It shall not
(i) adopt, enter into, or amend any bonus, profit  sharing, compensation,
stock option, warrant, pension,  retirement, deferred compensation,
employment, severance,  termination or other employee benefit plan,
agreement, trust  fund, or arrangement for the benefit or welfare of any 
officer, director, or employee, or (ii) agree to any material  (in relation
to historical compensation) increase in the  compensation payable or to
become payable to, or any increase  in the contractual term of employment of,
any officer,  director or employee except, with respect to employees who
are  not officers or directors, in the ordinary course of business  in
accordance with past practice, or with the written approval  of BEKEM
METALS.   (f) It shall not sell lease, mortgage, encumber, or otherwise 
dispose of or grant any interest in any of its assets or  properties except
for: (i) sales, encumbrances, and other  dispositions or grants in the
ordinary course of business and   16    consistent with past practice;
(ii) liens for taxes not yet  due; (iii) liens or encumbrances that are not
material in  amount or effect and do not impair the use of the property, or 
(iv) as specifically provided for or permitted in this  Agreement.   (g) It
shall not enter into any material agreement, commitment, or  understanding,
whether in writing or otherwise, with respect  to any of the matters referred
to in subparagraphs (a) through  (f) above.   (h) It will continue properly
and promptly to file when due all  federal, state, local, foreign, and other
tax returns,  reports, and declarations required to be filed by it, and
will  pay, or make full and adequate provision for the payment of,  all
taxes and governmental charges due from or payable by it.   (i) It will
comply with all laws and regulations applicable to it  and its
operations.    Section 9  Additional Covenants of the Parties  9.1
Cooperation. Both KAZAKH METALS and BEKEM METALS will cooperate with  each
other and their respective counsel, accountants and agents in  carrying out
the transaction contemplated by this Agreement, and in  delivering all
documents and instruments deemed reasonably necessary or  useful by the other
party. Furthermore, both KAZAKH METALS and BEKEM  METALS shall collaborate on
the preparation and dissemination of an  offer, which the Board of Directors
of KAZAKH METALS shall approve and  recommend, to the KAZAKH METALS
Stockholders, to exchange their  outstanding shares of KAZAKH METALS Common
Stock for shares of BEKEM  METALS Common Stock.  9.2 Expenses. Each of the
parties hereto shall pay all of its respective  costs and expenses (including
attorneys\' and accountants\' fees, costs  and expenses) incurred in
connection with this Agreement and the  consummation of the transactions
contemplated herein.  9.3 Publicity. Prior to the Closing, any written news
releases or public  disclosure by either party pertaining to this Agreement
shall be  submitted to the other party for its review and approval prior to
such  release or disclosure, provided, however, that (a) such approval
shall  not be unreasonably withheld, and (b) such review and approval shall 
not be required of disclosures required to comply, in the judgment of 
counsel, with federal or state securities or corporate laws or 
policies.  9.4 Confidentiality. While each party is obligated to provide
access to and  furnish information in accordance with Section 6 herein, it
is  understood and agreed that such disclosure and information subsequently 
obtained as a result of such disclosures are proprietary and   17   
confidential in nature. Each party agrees to hold such information in 
confidence and not to reveal any such information to any person who is  not a
party to this Agreement, or an officer, director or key employee  thereof,
and not to use the information obtained for any purpose other  than assisting
in its due diligence inquiry in conjunction with the  transaction
contemplated by this Agreement. Upon request of any party,  a confidentiality
agreement, acceptable to the disclosing party, will  be executed by any
person selected to receive such proprietary  information, prior to receipt of
such information.    Section 10  Survival of Representations, Warranties
and Covenants  10.1 The representations, warranties and covenants of KAZAKH
METALS and those Shareholders listed in Exhibit A contained herein shall
survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Closing and the
consummation of the transactions called for by this Agreement. The
representations, warranties and covenants of BEKEM METALS contained herein
shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Closing and
the consummation of the transactions called for by this Agreement.   
Section 11  Conditions Precedent to Obligations of Parties  11.1 Conditions
to Obligations of the Parties. The obligations of BEKEM  METALS, KAZAKH
METALS and those Shareholders listed in Exhibit A under  this Agreement shall
be subject to the fulfillment, on or prior to the  Closing, of all conditions
elsewhere herein set forth, including, but  not limited to, receipt by the
appropriate party of all deliveries  required by Sections 4 and 5 herein, and
fulfillment, prior to Closing,  of each of the following conditions:   (a)
All representations and warranties made by KAZAKH METALS  Shareholders listed
in Exhibit A and BEKEM METALS in this  Agreement shall be true and correct in
all material respects  on and as of the Closing Date with the same effect as
if such  representations and warranties had been made on and as of the 
Closing Date.   (b) KAZAKH METALS Shareholders listed in Exhibit A and
BEKEM  METALS shall have performed or complied with all covenants, 
agreements and conditions contained in this Agreement on their  part required
to be performed or complied with at or prior to  the Closing.   (c) All
material authorizations, consents or approvals of any and  all governmental
regulatory authorities necessary in  connection with the consummation of the
transactions  contemplated by this Agreement shall have been obtained and
be  in full force and effect.   18    (d) The Closing shall not violate
any permit or order, decree or  judgment of any court or governmental body
having competent  jurisdiction and there shall not have been instituted any 
legal or administrative action or proceeding to enjoin the  transaction
contemplated hereby or seeking damages from any  party with respect
thereto.  11.2 Conditions to Obligations of BEKEM METALS. The obligations of
BEKEM  METALS to consummate the transactions contemplated herein are
subject  to satisfaction (or waiver by it) of the following conditions:  
(a) Each KAZAKH METALS Shareholder acquiring Exchange Stock will  be
required, at Closing, to submit an agreement confirming  that all the
Exchange Stock received will be acquired for  investment and not with a view
to, or for sale in connection  with, any distribution thereof, and agreeing
not to transfer  any of the Exchange Stock for a period of two years from
the  date of the Closing, except for those transfers falling within  the
exemption from registration under the Securities Act of  1933 and any
applicable state securities laws, which transfers  do not constitute a public
distribution of securities, and in  which the transferees execute an
investment letter in form and  substance satisfactory to counsel for BEKEM
METALS. The  foregoing provision shall not prohibit the registration of 
those shares at any time following the Closing. Each KAZAKH  METALS
Shareholder acquiring Exchange Stock will be required  to transfer to BEKEM
METALS at the Closing his/her respective  KAZAKH METALS Shares, free and
clear of all liens, mortgages,  pledges, encumbrances or changes, whether
disclosed or  undisclosed.   (b) All schedules, prepared by KAZAKH METALS
shall be current or  updated as necessary as of the Closing Date.   (c)
Each party shall have received favorable opinions from the  other party\'s
counsel on such matters in connection with the  transactions contemplated by
this Agreement as are reasonable.   (d) If shareholders, who in the
aggregate own five percent (5%) or  more of the KAZAKH METALS shares of
Common Stock, dissent from  the proposed share exchange, or are unable or for
any reason  refuse to transfer any or all of their KAZAKH METALS shares of 
Common Stock to BEKEM METALS in accordance with Section 1 of  this Agreement,
BEKEM METALS, at its option, may terminate  this Agreement.   (e) Each
party shall have satisfied itself that since the date of  this Agreement the
business of the other party has been  conducted in the ordinary course. In
addition, each party  shall have satisfied itself that no withdrawals of cash
or  other assets have been made and no indebtedness has been   19   
incurred since the date of this Agreement, except in the  ordinary course of
business or with respect to services  rendered or expenses incurred in
connection with the Closing  of this Agreement, unless said withdrawals or
indebtedness  were either authorized by the terms of this Agreement or 
subsequently consented to in writing by the parties.   (g) Each party
covenants that, to the best of its knowledge, it  has complied in all
material respects with all applicable  laws, orders and regulations of
federal, state, municipal  and/or other governments and/or any
instrumentality thereof,  domestic or foreign, applicable to their assets, to
the  business conducted by them and to the transactions  contemplated by
this Agreement.  11.3 Conditions to Obligation of KAZAKH METALS and the
KAZAKH METALS  Shareholders. The obligations of KAZAKH METALS and the KAZAKH
METALS  Shareholders listed in Exhibit A to consummate the transactions 
contemplated herein are subject to satisfaction (or waiver by them) of  the
following conditions:   (a) BEKEM METALS shall have provided to KAZAKH
METALS through  September 30, 2005, all unaudited financial statements 
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting  principles by
independent accountants of BEKEM METALS. BEKEM  METALS shall also provide, as
of a date within thirty days of  Closing, an update on any material change in
the  aforementioned financial statements.   (b) Each party shall have
granted to the other party (acting  through its management personnel,
counsel, accountants or  other representatives designated by it) full
opportunity to  examine its books and records, properties, plants and 
equipment, proprietary rights and other instruments, rights  and papers of
all kinds in accordance with Sections 4 and 5  hereof, and each party shall
be satisfied to proceed with the  transactions contemplated by this Agreement
upon completion of  such examination and investigation.   (c) BEKEM METALS
and KAZAKH METALS shall agree to indemnify each  other party against any
liability to any broker or finder to  which that party may become
obligated.   (d) The Exchange shall be approved by the Board of Directors
of  both KAZAKH METALS and BEKEM Metals. Furthermore, the Exchange  shall be
approved by the shareholders of KAZAKH METALS and  BEKEM METALS, if deemed
necessary or appropriate by counsel  for the same, within thirty (30) days
following execution of  this Agreement. If such a meeting is deemed
necessary, the  management of KAZAKH METALS and BEKEM METALS agree to 
recommend approval to their respective Shareholders and to  solicit proxies
in support of the same.   (f) KAZAKH METALS agrees, immediately following
the Closing of  this Agreement, to use its best efforts to amend BEKEM  
20    METALS\'s Certificate of Incorporation to change BEKEM METALS\'s 
name to "Bekem Metals, Inc." or to a name that is  substantially similar.  
(g) BEKEM METALS and KAZAKH METALS and their respective legal  counsel shall
have received copies of all such certificates,  opinions and other documents
and instruments as each party or  its legal counsel may reasonably request
pursuant to this  Agreement or otherwise in connection with the consummation
of  the transactions contemplated hereby, and all such  certificates,
opinions and other documents and instruments  received by each party shall be
reasonably satisfactory, in  form and substance, to each party and its legal
counsel.   (h) Both KAZAKH METALS and BEKEM METALS shall have the right to 
waive any or all of the conditions precedent to its  obligations hereunder
not otherwise legally required;  provided, however, that no waiver by a party
of any condition  precedent to its obligations hereunder shall constitute a 
waiver by such party of any other condition.   (i) BEKEM METALS shall have
obtained all necessary Blue Sky  approvals or exemptions for the issuance of
the Exchange Stock  required prior to the Closing Date    Section 12 
Termination, Amendment, Waiver  12.1 This Agreement may be terminated at any
time prior to the Closing, and  the contemplated transactions abandoned,
without liability to either  party, except with respect to the obligations of
BEKEM METALS, KAZAKH  METALS and those KAZAKH METALS Shareholders listed in
Exhibit A under  Section 9.4 hereof:   (a) By mutual agreement of BEKEM
METALS and KAZAKH METALS;   (b) If the Closing (as defined in Section 3) has
not have taken  place on or prior to January 31, 2006, this Agreement can
be  terminated upon written notice given by BEKEM METALS or KAZAKH  METALS
which is not in material default;   (c) By BEKEM METALS, if in its
reasonable believe there has been a  material misrepresentation or breach of
warranty on the part  of any Shareholder listed in Exhibit A in the
representations  and warranties set forth in the Agreement.   (d) By KAZAKH
METALS or a majority of those Shareholders listed in  Exhibit A (as measured
by their equity interest) if, in the  reasonable belief of KAZAKH METALS or
any such Shareholders,   21    there has been a material
misrepresentation or breach of  warranty on the part of BEKEM METALS in the
representations  and warranties set forth in the Agreement;   (e) By BEKEM
METALS if, in its opinion or that of its counsel, the  Exchange does not
qualify for exemption from registration  under applicable federal and state
securities laws, or  qualification, if obtainable, cannot be accomplished in
BEKEM  METALS\'s opinion or that of its counsel, without unreasonable 
expense or effort;   (f) By BEKEM METALS or by a majority of those
Shareholders listed  in Exhibit A (as measured by their equity interest) if
either  party shall determine in its sole discretion that the Exchange  has
become inadvisable or impracticable by reason of the  institution or threat
by state, local or federal governmental  authorities or by any other person
of material litigation or  proceedings against any party [it being understood
and agreed  that a written request by a governmental authority for 
information with respect to the Exchange, which information  could be used in
connection with such litigation or  proceedings, may be deemed to be a threat
of material  litigation or proceedings regardless of whether such request 
is received before or after the signing of this Agreement];   (g) By BEKEM
METALS if the business or assets or financial  condition of KAZAKH METALS,
taken as a whole, have been  materially and adversely affected, whether by
the institution  of litigation or by reason of changes or developments or
in  operations in the ordinary course of business or otherwise;  or, by a
majority of those Shareholders listed in Exhibit A  (as measured by their
equity interest) if the business or  assets or financial condition of BEKEM
METALS, taken as a  whole, have been materially and adversely affected,
whether by  the institution of litigation or by reason of changes or 
developments or in operations in the ordinary course of  business or
otherwise;   (h) By BEKEM METALS if holders of five percent (5%) or more of
the  KAZAKH METALS Shares fail to tender their stock at the Closing  of the
Exchange;   (i) By BEKEM METALS or KAZAKH METALS if, in the opinion of
BEKEM  METALS\'s independent accountants, it should appear that the 
combined entity will not be auditable to SEC accounting  standards;   (j)
By KAZAKH METALS if BEKEM METALS fails to perform material  conditions set
forth in Sub-Section 11.1 and 11.3 herein;   (k) By KAZAKH METALS if
examination of BEKEM METALS\'s books and  records pursuant to Section 5
herein uncovers a material  deficiency;   (l) By BEKEM METALS if KAZAKH
METALS fails to perform material  conditions set forth in Sub-Section 11.1
and 11.2 herein; and   22    (m) By BEKEM METALS if examination of KAZAKH
METALS\'s books and  records pursuant to Section 4 herein uncovers a
material  deficiency.  12.2 No modification or amendment of any provision
of this Agreement shall  be effective unless specifically made in writing and
duly signed by the  party to be bound.    Section 13 
Miscellaneous  13.1 Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including the Exhibits
and Schedules  hereto) contains the entire agreement between the parties with
respect  to the transactions contemplated hereby, and supersedes all 
negotiations, representations, warranties, commitments, offers,  contracts,
and writings prior to the date hereof. No waiver and no  modification or
amendment of any provision of this Agreement shall be  effective unless
specifically made in writing and duly signed by the  party to be bound
thereby.  13.2 Binding Agreement.   (a) This Agreement shall become
binding upon the parties when, but  only when, it shall have been signed on
behalf of all parties.   (b) Subject to the condition stated in subsection
(a), above, this  Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit
of,  the respective parties and their legal representatives,  successors and
assigns. This Agreement, in all of its  particulars, shall be enforceable by
the means set forth in  subsection 13.9 for the recovery of damages or by way
of  specific performance and the terms and conditions of this  Agreement
shall remain in full force and effect subsequent to  Closing and shall not be
deemed to be merged into any  documents conveyed and delivered at the time of
Closing. In  the event that subsection 13.9 is found to be unenforceable as 
to any party for any reason or is not invoked by any party,  and any person
is required to initiate any action at law or in  equity for the enforcement
of this Agreement, the prevailing  party in such litigation shall be entitled
to recover from the  party determined to be in default, all of its reasonable
costs  incurred in said litigation, including attorneys\' fees.  13.3
Shareholders Owning at Least Five Percent (5%) of the Outstanding  Common
Stock of KAZAKH METALS. The Shareholders of the outstanding  common stock of
KAZAKH METALS (see Exhibit A hereto) are only executing  this Agreement with
respect to Sections 3.4, 4, 7, 9.4, 10, 11.1 and  11.3, 12.1(d and f ), 13.2,
13.3, 13.4, 13.8, and 13.9.   23   13.4 Counterparts. This Agreement may
be executed in one or more  counterparts, each of which may be deemed an
original, but all of which  together, shall constitute one and the same
instrument.  13.5 Severability. If any provisions hereof are to be held
invalid or  unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction or as a
result of  future legislative action, such holding or action shall be
strictly  construed and shall not affect the validity or effect or any
other  provision hereof.  13.6 Assignability. This Agreement shall be
binding upon and inure to the  benefit of the successors and assigns of the
parties hereto; provided,  that neither this Agreement nor any right
hereunder shall be assignable  by KAZAKH METALS or BEKEM METALS without prior
written consent of the  other party.  13.7 Captions. The captions of the
various Sections of this Agreement have  been inserted only for convenience
of reference and shall not be deemed  to modify, explain, enlarge or restrict
any of the provisions of this  Agreement.  13.8 Governing Law. The
validity, interpretation and effect of this  Agreement shall be governed
exclusively by the laws of the State of  Utah.  13.9 Dispute Resolution. In
the event of a dispute between the parties  hereto involving a claim of
breach of representation or warranty  hereunder, or to enforce a covenant
herein (either or both of which are  referred to hereafter as a "Claim"), if
it is the desire of any party  for quick resolution, the rights and
obligations of the parties hereto  arising under the terms of this Agreement
with respect to such Claims  and/or resolution of such disputes will be by
the means of the judgment  of an independent third party ("Rent-A-Judge") who
has been selected  and hired through the mutual agreement of the parties. The
utilization  of this subsection 13.9, if invoked by any party hereto, shall
be the  exclusive remedy for resolving a Claim regardless of whether legal 
action has or has not been otherwise instituted. If legal action has  been
instituted by any party, and this subsection 13.9 is invoked in a  timely
manner, any such legal action shall be void ab initio and  immediately
withdrawn.   (a) In the event of a Claim by any party, any party may make
a  written request upon the other parties for a "Rent-A-Judge." A  request
by any party for the employment of a "Rent-A-Judge" to  resolve the Claim
shall be binding on all other parties to  this Agreement in accordance with
the terms hereof.   The parties may agree upon one "Rent-A-Judge," but in
the  event that they cannot agree, there shall be three, one named  in
writing by each of the parties within twenty (20) days  after the initial
demand for employment of a "Rent-A-Judge,"  and a third chosen by the two
appointed. Should either party  refuse or neglect to join in the appointment
of the   24    "Rent-A-Judge(s)" or to furnish the "Rent-A-Judge(s) with
any  papers or information demanded, the "Rent-A-Judge(s)" are  empowered by
all parties to this Agreement to proceed ex  parte.   (b) Claim resolution
proceedings shall take place in the City or  County of Salt Lake, State of
Utah, and the hearing before the  "Rent-A-Judge(s)" of the matter to be
arbitrated shall be at  the time and place within said city or county as is
selected  by the "Rent-A-Judge(s)." The "Rent-A-Judge(s)" shall select  such
time and place promptly after appointment and shall give  written notice
thereof to each party at least thirty (30) days  prior to the date so fixed.
At the hearing, any relevant  evidence may be presented by either party, and
the formal  rules of evidence applicable to judicial proceedings shall not 
govern. Evidence may be admitted or excluded in the sole  discretion of the
"Rent-A-Judge(s)." Said "Rent-A-Judge(s)"  shall hear and determine the
matter and shall execute and  acknowledge their award in writing and cause a
copy thereof to  be delivered to each of the parties.   (c) If there is
only one (1) "Rent-A-Judge," his or her decision  shall be binding and
conclusive on the parties, and if there  are three (3) "Rent-A-Judge(s)" the
decision of any two (2)  shall be binding and conclusive.   (d) If three
(3) "Rent-A-Judge(s)" are selected under the  foregoing procedure, but two
(2) of the three (3) fail to  reach an agreement in the determination of the
matter in  question, the matter shall be decided by three (3) new  "Rent-A-
Judge(s)" who shall be appointed and shall proceed in  the same manner, and
the process shall be repeated until a  decision is finally reached by two (2)
of the three (3)  "Rent-A-Judge(s)" selected.   (e) The costs of such Claim
resolution shall be borne by the  parties equally and each party shall pay
its own attorneys\'  fees; provided, however, that in the event either
party  challenges or in any way seeks to have the Rent-A-Judge\'s  decision
or award vacated or corrected or modified, if the  challenge is denied or the
original decision or award is  affirmed, the challenging party shall pay the
costs and fees,  including reasonable attorneys\' fees, of the non-
challenging  party, both for the challenge and for the original Claim 
resolution process.   13.10 Notices. All notices, requests, demands and
other communications under  this Agreement shall be in writing and delivered
in person or sent by  certified mail, postage prepaid and properly addressed
as follows:   To KAZAKH METALS:   Daniel Boland  Kazakh Metals, Inc.  
25    4A Justora Street  Ruchedale, Queensland, Australia 4123  Fax 61 7
33 414 550   To BEKEM METALS:   Marat Cherdabayev, President  Bekem
Metals Corporation  875 Donner Way, Suite 705  Salt Lake City, Utah 84108 
Fax (801) 582-8600   With a Copy to:   Ronald Poulton  324 South 400
West, Suite 250  Salt Lake City, Utah 84101  Fax (801) 355-2990    Any
party may from time to time change its address for the purpose of  notices to
that party by a similar notice specifying a new address, but  no such change
shall be deemed to have been given until it is actually  received by the
respective party hereto.   All notices and other communications required or
permitted under this  Agreement which are addressed as provided in this
Section 13.10 if  delivered personally, shall be effective upon delivery;
and, if  delivered by mail, shall be effective three days following deposit
in  the United States mail, postage prepaid.   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written
above.   BEKEM METALS CORPORATION    By: /s/ Marat Cherdabeyev 
-----------------------------  Marat Cherdabeyev, President    KAZAKH
METALS, INC.    By: /s/ Daniel Boland  ----------------------------- 
Daniel Boland, Director   26    Exhibit List   Exhibit A: Offshore
Restricted Securities Agreement  Exhibit B: Shareholders of Kazakh Metals,
Inc.  Exhibit C: Consent of Board of Directors of Kazakh Metals,
Inc.  Exhibit D: Consent of Board of Directors of Bekem Metals, Inc.    
Schedule List  Schedule 4.1(b): Kazakh Metals, Inc., Common Stock, Options
and  Warrants Outstanding  Schedule 4.1(c): Kazakh Metals, Inc.
Subsidiaries  Schedule 4.1(f): Litigation Involving Kazakh Metals,
Inc.  Schedule 4.1(h): Absence of Certain Changes - Kazakh Metals,
Inc.  Schedule 4.1(i): Kazakh Metals, Inc. Employee Benefit
Plans  Schedule 4.1(j): Asset Ownership Exceptions  Schedule 4.1(l):
Operating Permits/Licenses  Schedule 5.1(b): Bekem Metals, Inc., Common
Stock, Options and  Warrants Outstanding  Schedule 5.1(f): Bekem Metals,
Inc. Subsidiaries  Schedule 5.1(m): Bekem Metals, Inc., Tax Matters  
27   Exhibit A   OFFSHORE RESTRICTED SECURITIES AGREEMENT   This
Agreement is executed by the undersigned in connection with the exchange of
shares pursuant to an Acquisition Agreement, dated as of the 24th day of
October 2005 ("Acquisition Agreement") whereby the undersigned agrees
to exchange all of its shares in Kazakh Metals, Inc. for shares of
restricted common stock (hereinafter referred to as the "Shares") of Bekem
Metals, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as "Seller") a corporation organized
under the laws of the State of Utah, United States of America, with its
principal administrative office at, 875 Donner Way, Suite 705, Salt Lake
City, Utah 84108. This Agreement is executed in reliance upon the transaction
exemption afforded by Regulation S ("Regulation S") as promulgated by the
Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, (the "1933 Act"). The Shares are being acquired from Seller
pursuant to Rule 903 of Regulation S. The capitalized terms used herein and
not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in Regulation S.  
The undersigned, (hereinafter referred to as "Buyer"), hereby represents and
warrants to, and agrees with Seller as follows:  1. AGREEMENT TO BE BOUND BY
CERTAIN TERMS OF THE ACQUISITION AGREEMENT:   a. By executing this
agreement, the Seller hereby agrees to be bound as a signatory to the
Acquisition Agreement with respect to Sections 3.4, 4, 7, 9.4, 10, 11.1 and
11.3, 12.1(d and f), 13.2, 13.3, 13.4, 13.8, and 13.9 of such Acquisition
Agreement.  2. BUYER\'S REPRESENTATIONS; ACCESS TO INFORMATION; INDEPENDENT
INVESTIGATION.   a. OFFSHORE TRANSACTION. Buyer represents and warrants to
Seller as follows:   (i) Buyer is not a U.S. Person or and buyer was not
formed for the purpose of investing in securities which have not been
registered under the 1933 Act in reliance upon Regulation S by or for the
benefit of a U.S. person;   (ii) At the time the buy order was originated,
Buyer was outside the United States;   (iii) No offer to sell or purchase
the Shares was made in the United States;   (iv) Buyer has not engaged in
nor will engage in any "Directed Selling Efforts," i.e., any activity
undertaken for the purpose of, or that could reasonably be expected to have
the effect of, conditioning the market in the United States for any of the
Shares being purchased by the Buyer.     (v) Buyer is purchasing the
Shares for its own account and for investment purposes and not with the view
towards distribution or for the account of a U.S. Person;   (vi) All
subsequent offers and sales of the shares shall be made in compliance with
Regulation S and/or pursuant to registration of the Shares under the 1933 Act
or pursuant to an exemption from registration under the 1933 Act, including
but not limited to, compliance with the applicable provisions under the Act.
In any case, the Shares will not be resold to U.S. Persons or within the
United States until after the end of a one year restricted period
commencing on the date of Closing of the purchase of the Shares and otherwise
in compliance with Rule 904 of Regulation S;   (vii) Buyer understands that
the shares are being offered and exchanged in reliance on specific exemptions
from the registration requirements of Federal and States securities laws and
that the Seller is relying upon the truth and accuracy of the
representations, warranties, agreement herein in order to determine the
applicability of such exemptions and the suitability of Buyer to acquire the
Shares.   (viii) Buyer acknowledges that, in making the decision to exchange
the Shares, has relied solely upon independent investigations made by it and
not upon any representations made by Seller with respect to Seller or the
Shares except as set forth in the Acquisition Agreement.   (ix) Buyer and
any person receiving a selling concession or acting as a distributor or
dealer on behalf of the Buyer prior to the expiration of the restricted
period under Regulation S will send a confirmation or other notice to any
other purchaser stating that the purchase is subject to the same restrictions
on offers and sales that apply to the Buyer.   b. NO GOVERNMENT
RECOMMENDATION OR APPROVAL. Buyer understands that no Federal of State agency
has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Shares.  3.
SELLER\'S REPRESENTATIONS. SELLER REPRESENTS . Seller represents and
warrants to Buyer as follows:   a. REPORTING COMPANY. Seller is registered
under section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the
"Exchange Act"). Seller is a "reporting issuer" as defined by Rule 902 of
Regulation S. Seller\'s common stock trades on the OTCBB under the symbol
BKMM.   b. OFFSHORE TRANSACTION.   (i) Seller has not offered the
securities which are the subject of this transaction to any person in the
United States, any identifiable groups of U.S. citizens abroad, or to any
U.S. Person as that term is defined in Regulation S.   (ii) At the time the
buy order was originated, Seller and/or its agents reasonably believed Buyer
was outside of the United States and was not a U.S. Person.   2    (iii)
Seller and/or its agents reasonably believe that the transaction has not been
pre-arranged with a buyer in the United States.   d. NO DIRECTED SELLING
EFFORTS. Seller has not engaged in nor will engage in any "Directed Selling
Efforts," i.e., any activity undertaken for the purpose of , or that could
reasonably be expected to have the effect of, conditioning the market in the
United States for any of the Shares being purchased by the Buyer.   e.
FULLY PAID SHARES. The Shares when issued and delivered will be duly and
validly authorized and issued, fully paid and non-assessable and will
not subject the holders thereof to personal liability by reason of being
such holders. There are no preemptive rights of any shareholders of Seller.
The Shares are free and clear of any security interest, liens, claims, or
other encumbrances.   f. VALID AGREEMENT. Upon execution of the Acquisition
Agreement and receipt of Offshore Restricted Securities Agreements from all
holders of shares of Kazakh Metals, Inc., this Agreement will be a valid and
binding agreement in accordance with its terms and the terms of the
Acquisition Agreement, subject to general principles of equity and to
bankruptcy or other laws affecting the enforcement of creditors\' rights
generally.   g. NON-CONTRAVENTION. The execution and delivery of this
Agreement and the issuance of the Shares and the transaction contemplated by
this Agreement do not and will not conflict with or result in a breach by the
Seller of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under,
the articles of incorporation or by-laws of Seller, or any indenture,
mortgage, deed of trust or other material agreement or instrument to which
Seller is a party of by which it or any of its properties or assets are
bound, or any existing applicable law, rule or regulation or any applicable
decree, judgment or order of any other governmental body having jurisdiction
over Seller or any of its properties or assets.  4. EXEMPTION; RELIANCE ON
REPRESENTATION.   a. PURCHASE AND SALE UNDER REGULATION S. Buyer understands
that the offer and sale of the Shares are not being registered under the 1933
Act. Seller is relying on the rules governing offers and sales made outside
the United States pursuant to Regulation S as an exemption from registration
for this transaction between the Seller and the Buyer.   b. RESTRICTED
SECURITIES. Buyer agrees that the Shares were acquired directly from Seller
in a transaction not involving any public offering and are deemed to be
"restricted securities" as defined in SEC Rule 144(a)(3). Buyer further
understands that "restricted securities" can not be resold publicly within
the United States except, pursuant to an effective registration statement or
an exemption from such registration. Buyer acknowledges that SEC Rule
144 permits the public resale of "restricted securities" in reliance upon
an exemption from registration under Section 4(1) of the 1933 Act only if
the conditions of Rule 144 are met. In general, the conditions which must be
met to rely on Rule 144 to publicly resell restricted securities in the
United States are as follows:   3    (i) A minimum of one year must
lapse between the later of the date of the acquisition of the Shares from
Seller or the date of upon which the full purchase price has been paid to the
Seller and the date of resale of the Shares.   (ii) The amount of Shares
which may be sold by any person (or persons whose sales must be aggregated
under the Rule) in any ninety day period may not exceed the greater of 1% of
the then outstanding shares of common stock of the Company or the average
weekly volume during the four calendar weeks prior to such sale.   (iii)
The Shares must be sold in "Brokers Transactions" within the meaning of
Section 4(4) of the 1933 Act or in transactions directly with a "market
maker" as defined in Section 3(a)(38) of the Exchange Act of 1934.   (iv) A
Notice of Intention to Sale must be filed with the SEC.   (v) There must be
current public information available with respect to the Shares.   c.
COMPLIANCE WITH SECURITIES LAWS. Buyer understands and agrees that because
the Shares are being acquired under Regulation S and are
"restricted securities," Buyer will be required to comply with both the
provisions of Regulation S and Rule 144 in any resale of the Shares, absent
registration of the Shares or an exemption therefrom.  5. TRANSFER AGENT
INSTRUCTIONS.   Seller and Buyer agree that the Seller will deliver at
Closing certificates representing the Shares duly endorsed for transfer, or
Seller\'s transfer agent will be instructed to issue one or more share
certificates representing the Shares in the name of Buyer and in such
denominations to be specified prior to Closing to the Security Holder as
described in paragraph 6 below. All certificates shall bear appropriate
restrictive legends to the effect that no transfer of the Share may be made
except in compliance with the provisions of Regulation S.   Buyer agrees
that Seller\'s transfer agent is hereby directed and authorized to refuse to
register any transfer of the Shares which is not made in accordance with the
provisions of Regulation S. Seller agrees that a "stop transfer" instruction
be placed with the transfer agent until the end of the restricted period
under Regulation S. Otherwise, the Shares shall be transferable on the books
and records of the Company. Nothing in this section, however, shall affect in
any way the Buyer\'s obligations and agreement to comply with all applicable
securities laws upon resale of the Shares.  6. STOCK DELIVERY
INSTRUCTIONS.   The share certificates shall be delivered to Buyer. The
Buyer shall hold the certificates for the restricted period of one year from
the date of Closing. Upon delivery of the certificates to the Buyer, Buyer
shall be entitled to enjoy all benefits of ownership of the Shares, including
but not limited to, the rights to vote the Shares and receive distributions
and collect dividends, if any, paid thereon.   4   7. CLOSING DATE.  
The date of the delivery of the Shares (the "Closing Date") shall be as of
not later than the date as set forth in the Acquisition Agreement or
such other mutually agreed to time.  8. CONDITIONS TO THE SELLER\'S
OBLIGATION TO SELL.   Buyer understands that Seller\'s obligation to sell
the stock is conditioned upon:   a. The receipt and acceptance by Seller of
this Agreement executed by Buyer for all of the Shares as evidenced by
execution of this Agreement by the President or Secretary of the Seller
and   b. Delivery into the closing depository by Buyer of its certificate
for shares of Kazakh Metals, Inc. as set forth in Exhibit A of the
Acquisition Agreement duly indorsed for transfer to the Seller.  9.
CONDITIONS TO BUYER\'S OBLIGATION TO PURCHASE.   Seller understands that
Buyer\'s obligation to purchase the Stock is conditioned upon:   a.
Acceptance and execution by Buyer of this Agreement for the exchange of
Shares; and   b. Delivery of certificates for Shares of Common Stock with
restrictive legends as described herein to the Seller.  10. GOVERNING
LAW.   This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance
with the laws of the State of Utah, United States of America. A
facsimile transmission of this signed agreement shall be legal and binding to
all parties hereto.   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Offshore Restricted
Securities Agreement was duly executed on the date first written
below.  Dated this ____ day of the month of October, 2005.  Buyer: 
-----------------------------------------  (Signature)  
-----------------------------------------  (Print Name and Title)  
-----------------------------------------  (Address)  
-----------------------------------------  (City)  
-----------------------------------------  (Country)   5    EXHIBIT
B   KAZAKH METALS, INC.  SHAREHOLDERS LIST    Number of Kazakh Number of
Bekem  Metals, Inc. Shares Metals, Inc. Shares  to be to be  Shareholder
Name and Address Exchanged Exchanged  ---------------------------- ---------
---------  ~~   CENTRAL ASIAN METALS INC. 12,667 15,504,408 Attn: Lakeside
Management Ltd. (Kim Fessler) c/o Brun, Via Ariosto 6, 3rd Floor P.O. Box
5251 CH - 6901 - Lugano  LANDSGATE MARKETING LIMITED 4,175 5,110,200 Attn:
Geoffrey Alan Hadley 2100 South 1752 East Salt Lake City, Utah
84106  COMODIDAD Y FANTASIA EN TIERRA, S.A. 4,165 5,097,960 Attn: Eddy
Cabezas (3-101-408701) Apdo. 947-2400 Desamparados San Jose, Costa
Rica:  LAS TIERRAS DEL DELEITE, S.A. 4,165 5,097,960 Attn: Ana Z. Perez
(3-101-409555) Desamparados, El Cruce de bar Pecos bill 200 W 25 S San
Jose, Costa Rica  INVERSIONES TENTADORAS PARA HABITAR, S.A. 4,165
5,097,960 Attn: Rita P. Barrientos (3-101-410316) Desamparados, Calle
Fallas de Tala Bar, 25 norte, casa de alto a mano derecha San Jose, Costa
Rica  ENVASES Y FORMAS PARA LA VENTA, S.A. 4,165 5,097,960 Attn: Elena
Perez (3-101-410575) Barrio Santa Marta, de bomba Union Tica, 200 oeste y 25
sur Calle Fallas, Desamparados San Jose, Costa Rica  EMRJD CREACIONES DE
PUNTARENAS, S.A. 4,165 5,097,960 Attn: Al Hernandez (3-101-411828) Jaco
Centro, Garabito, bajos de la Fiscalia de Garabito Puntarenas, Costa
Rica    BALMONT TRADING S.A. 4,000 4,896,000 Attn: Aidarkhan Takuov 32
Zenkov Street, Suite 7 Almaty 050100 Republic of Kazakhstan  DARNLEY
INTERNATIONAL LIMITED: 3,333 4,079,592 Attn: Robert Halvorsen Sorensen 62
North 400 East, #22 Provo, Utah 84606 Apdo. 947-2400 Desamparados San
Jose, Costa Rica  RESURSOV KAZAKHSTANA FOUNDATION 950 1,162,800 Isthmian
International Management Group, S.A. Attn: Abdiel Vergara (7-118-470) Calle
G, El Cangrejo Edificio Benidor, PB-A 7 Bella Vista, Panama Republica de
Panama San Jose, Costa Rica  RETIREMENT HOME IN JACO, S.A. 810
991,440 Attn: Arcelio Hernandez Mussio (1-832-451) Apdo.
947-2400 Desamparados San Jose, Costa Rica  MY SPECIAL FARM IN JACO, S.A.
810 991,440 Attn: Maria Caridad Balzer Molina (1-1197-0325) Multicentro
Costa Brava, local #7 Bajos de la Fiscalia de Garabito Bufete Hernandez
Mussio y Asoc. Jaco, Garabito Puntarenas, Costa Rica  INVERSIONES Y
DESARROLLOS MAR Y PLATA CRI, S.A. 810 991,440 Attn: David Hernandez Mussio
(1-1100-260) Heredia Centro 200 mts. norte de la oficina de correos Bufete
Valerio y Asoc. Heredia, Costa Rica  INVERSIONES CAPITAL VARIO CR S.A. 810
991,440 Attn: Jonathan Hernandez Mussio (1-1201-0933) Barrio Santa Marta 25
norte de Tala Bar Casa de alto, porton negro, mano der. Desamparados San
Jose, Costa Rica   2   PLATINO AVENTURAS INTERNACIONALES, S.A. 810
991,440 Attn: David Hernandez Mussio (1-1100-260) Heredia Centro 200 mts.
norte de la oficina de correos Bufete Valerio y Asoc.   3    EXHIBIT
C    Consent of Director of Kazakh Metals, Inc.   A special meeting of
the Directors of Kazakh Metals, Inc. (the "Corporation"), a British Virgin
Islands, international business company, was held by consent and without an
actual meeting. The undersigned, being the sole Director, does hereby waive
notice of the time, place and purpose of this meeting of the Directors of the
Corporation and, in lieu thereof, hereby agrees and consents to the adoption
of the following corporate actions.   WHEREAS, the Corporation intends to
exchange all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Corporation
for a specified number of BEKEM METALS, INC. ("BEKEM METALS") common
shares;   WHEREAS, the Corporation\'s legal counsel has prepared a
formal acquisition agreement consistent with the terms of the negotiations,
which "Acquisition Agreement" is attached hereto;   WHEREAS, it is in the
Corporation\'s best interests to approve the terms and execution of the
Acquisition Agreement on behalf of the Corporation;   NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT
RESOLVED, that the terms and conditions of the exchange as set forth in the
Acquisition Agreement are hereby are, ratified and confirmed, and the
Director of the Corporation, Daniel Boland is authorized to execute the same
on behalf of the Corporation.    General Authorization   BE IT RESOLVED
that the Director of the Corporation be, and he  hereby is, authorized,
directed and empowered to prepare or cause to be  prepared, execute and
deliver all such documents and instruments and to  undertake all such actions
as they deem necessary or advisable in order  to carry out and perform any or
all of the matters contemplated by the  Acquisition Agreement and as
authorized in the foregoing resolution.   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the
undersigned has executed this written consent, which shall be effective as of
October __, 2005.    ------------------------- Daniel Boland,
Director     EXHIBIT D   Consent of Directors of Bekem Metals,
Inc.    A special meeting of the Directors of Bekem Metals, Inc.,
(the "Corporation"), a Utah corporation, was held by consent and without an
actual meeting. The undersigned, being all of the Directors, do hereby waive
notice of the time, place and purpose of this meeting of the Directors of the
Corporation and, in lieu thereof, hereby agree and consent to the adoption of
the following corporate actions.   WHEREAS, the Corporation intends to
purchase all the issued and outstanding capital stock of KAZAKH METALS, INC.
("KAZAK METALS") in exchange for a specified number of the Corporation\'s
common stock;   WHEREAS, the Corporation\'s legal counsel has prepared a
formal acquisition agreement, which "Acquisition Agreement" is attached
hereto as Exhibit A;   WHEREAS, it is in the Corporation\'s best interests
to approve the terms and execution of the Acquisition Agreement on behalf of
the Corporation;   NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the terms and
conditions of the exchange as set forth in the Acquisition Agreement are,
ratified and confirmed, and the President of the Corporation is authorized to
execute the same on behalf of the Corporation.   General Authorization  
BE IT RESOLVED that the President of the Corporation be, and  hereby is
authorized, directed and empowered to execute, prepare or  cause to be
prepared, execute and deliver all such documents and  instruments and to
undertake all such actions as they deem necessary or  advisable in order to
carry out and perform any or all of the matters  contemplated by the
Acquisition Agreement and is authorized in the  foregoing resolution.   IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has executed this written consent,
which shall be effective as of October 19,
2005.   --------------------------------
----------------------------- Marat Cherdabeyev, Director James Gunnell,
Director   -------------------------------- Dosan Kassymkhanuly,
Director   '

