 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER AS OF
3/21/2001    1  Form 8-K  (March 21, 2001)  Exhibit 2    AGREEMENT
AND PLAN OF MERGER   BY AND AMONG   BRIGGS and STRATTON CORPORATION   GPP
MERGER CORPORATION   GENERAC PORTABLE PRODUCTS, INC.   AND   THE BEACON
GROUP III - FOCUS VALUE FUND, L.P.   DATED AS OF MARCH 21, 2001   
2      TABLE OF CONTENTS    ~~  ARTICLE I  DEFINITIONS 1 1.1
Accounts 1 1.2 Acquisition 2 1.3 Affiliate or Affiliates 2 1.4 Agreement
2 1.5 Briggs 2 1.6 Briggs Closing Certificate 2 1.7 Briggs Counsel Opinion
2 1.8 Cash Amount 2 1.9 Certificate of Merger 2 1.10 Closing 2 1.11
Closing Date 2 1.12 Code 2 1.13 Common Stock 2 1.14 Confidentiality
Agreement 2 1.15 Contracts 3 1.16 Disclosure Schedule 3 1.17 Dissenting
Share 3 1.18 Employee Benefit Plans 3 1.19 Equipment 3 1.20 ERISA 3 1.21
Escrow Agent 3 1.22 Escrow Agreement 3 1.23 Escrow Deposit 3 1.24 Estimated
Cash Amount 4 1.25 Existing Contracts 4 1.26 Existing Indebtedness 4 1.27
Existing Insurance Policies 4 1.28 Existing Investments 4 1.29 Existing
Liens 4 1.30 Existing Litigation 4 1.31 Existing Permits 4 1.32 Existing
Plans 4 1.33 Financial Information 4 1.34 GAAP 5 1.35 GPP 5 1.36 GPPD
5 1.37 GPP Closing Certificate 5 1.38 GPP Counsel Opinion 5 1.39 GPP Group
5     -i-   3     ~~  1.40 GPPW 5 1.41 HSR Act 5 1.42
Indebtedness 5 1.43 Indemnifying Shareholder 5 1.44 Intangible Assets
5 1.45 Inventory 6 1.46 Investment 6 1.47 Knowledge of GPP 6 1.48 Law
6 1.49 Lien 6 1.50 LLC 6 1.51 Material Adverse Effect 6 1.52 Merger
6 1.53 Merger Payment Statement 6 1.54 Merger Price 7 1.55 Notes 7 1.56
Offsets 7 1.57 Option 7 1.58 Paying Agent 7 1.59 Paying Agent Agreement
7 1.60 Per Share Merger Price 7 1.61 Permitted Liens 7 1.62 Person 7 1.63
Preferred Stock 8 1.64 Real Property 8 1.65 Records 8 1.66 Shareholder
8 1.67 Special Indemnity Matters 8 1.68 Subsidiary 9 1.69 Transaction Costs
9 1.70 U.K. Business 10 1.71 U.K. Property 10 1.72 United Kingdom 10 1.73
Warrant 10 1.74 Other Terms 10  ARTICLE II  THE MERGER 11 2.1 The Merger
11 2.2 Effective Time of Merger 11 2.3 Corporate Matters 11 2.4 Conversion
of Stock 12 2.5 Procedure for Payment of Cash Amount 13 2.6 Adjustment of
Cash Amount 13 2.7 Earnout 17     -ii-    4     ~~  ARTICLE III 
OTHER AGREEMENTS 18 3.1 Access and Cooperation 18 3.2 Disclosure Schedule
19 3.3 Duties Concerning the Closing 20 3.4 Deliveries of Information;
Consultation 20 3.5 Acquisition Proposals 20 3.6 Public Announcements
21 3.7 Employee and Employee Benefit Matters 21 3.8 Noncompetition 22 3.9
Representative 24 3.10 Shareholder Approval 24 3.11 HSR and Foreign
Competition Filings 25 3.12 Notes 25 3.13 Collection of Accounts 26 3.14
Obsolete Inventory 26 3.15. Director and Officer Indemnification 27 3.16.
Certain Financing Matters 27 3.17. Estoppel Certificates 27 3.18. Pay-Out
Letter 27 3.19. Title Policy 27  ARTICLE IV  REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES OF GPP 28 4.1 Organization; Business 28 4.2 Ownership;
Capitalization 28 4.3 Authorization; Enforceability 29 4.4 No Violation or
Conflict 29 4.5 Financial Information; Books and Records 30 4.6 Assets
30 4.7 Contingent and Undisclosed Liabilities 31 4.8 Taxes 32 4.9 Absence
of Certain Changes 35 4.10 Existing Plans 36 4.11 Compliance with Law
38 4.12 Litigation 39 4.13 Existing Contracts 39 4.14 Performance of
Contracts 41 4.15 Existing Insurance Policies 42 4.16 Environmental
Protection 42 4.17 Labor Matters 44 4.18 Brokers 45 4.19 Disclosure
45 4.20 Intangible Assets 45 4.21 Product Matters 46 4.22 Customers;
Suppliers; Certifications 46     -iii-   5     ~~  4.23
Relationships with Related Parties 46 4.24 Real Property 47 4.25 Data
Protection 48  ARTICLE V  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 48 5.1
Organization; Business 49 5.2 Authorization; Enforceability 49 5.3 No
Violation or Conflict 49 5.4 Ownership 49  ARTICLE VI  REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES OF BRIGGS 49 6.1 Organization; Business 49 6.2 Authorization;
Enforceability 50 6.3 No Violation or Conflict 50 6.4 Brokers 50 6.5
Consents and Approvals 50 6.6 Financing 50 6.7 Litigation 50  ARTICLE
VII  CONDUCT OF BUSINESS BY GPP PENDING THE MERGER 51 7.1 Carry on in
Regular Course 51 7.2 Use of Assets 51 7.3 No Default 51 7.4 Existing
Insurance Policies 51 7.5 Employment Matters 51 7.6 Contracts and
Commitments 51 7.7 Preservation of Relationships 51 7.8 Compliance with Laws
51 7.9 Taxes 51 7.10 Indebtedness 52 7.11 Amendments 52 7.12 Issuance of
Stock or Membership Interests 52 7.13 Dividends; Redemption 52 7.14 No
Dispositions or Acquisitions 52 7.15 Capital Expenditures 52  ARTICLE
VIII  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE OBLIGATIONS  OF BRIGGS AND ACQUISITION
52 8.1 Compliance with Agreement 52 8.2 No Litigation 52 8.3
Representations and Warranties of GPP  and the Indemnifying Shareholder
53 8.4 No Material Adverse Effect 53     -iv-   6     ~~  8.5 HSR
Act Waiting Period and Foreign  Competition Filings 53 8.6 Consents and
Approvals 54 8.7 Shareholder Approval 54 8.8 Certificate of Merger 54 8.9
Closing Deliveries 54 8.10 [Intentionally Omitted] 55 8.11 Financing
55 8.12 Shareholders Agreement 55 8.13 Securities Law Compliance 55 8.14
Title Policy 55 8.15 Employment Contract 55 8.16 Environmental and Branch
Registration Matters 55  ARTICLE IX  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE
OBLIGATIONS OF GPP 56 9.1 Compliance with Agreement 56 9.2 No Litigation
56 9.3 Representations and Warranties of Briggs 56 9.4 Consents and
Approvals 56 9.5 HSR Act Waiting Period and Foreign Competition  Filings
57 9.6 Shareholder Approval 57 9.7 Certificate of Merger 57 9.8 Estimated
Cash Amount 57 9.9 Deliveries 57  ARTICLE X  INDEMNITIES 58 10.1
Indemnity by Shareholders 58 10.2 Indemnity by Briggs 59 10.3 Provisions
Regarding Indemnities 59 10.4 Indemnification Procedure 62  ARTICLE XI 
DISPUTE RESOLUTION MECHANISMS 64 11.1 Dispute 64 11.2 Process 64 11.3
Negotiations 64 11.4 Mediation 64 11.5 Submission to Adjudication 65 11.6
General 65  ARTICLE XII  TERMINATION; MISCELLANEOUS 66 12.1 Termination
66 12.2 Rights Surviving Termination; Waiver 67 12.3 Survival of
Representations and Warranties 67 12.4 Entire Agreement; Amendment 67    
-v-   7     ~~  12.5 Expenses 67 12.6 Governing Law 67 12.7
Assignment 68 12.8 Notices 68 12.9 Counterparts; Headings 69 12.10
Interpretation 69 12.11 Severability 69 12.12 Specific Performance 70 12.13
No Reliance 70 12.14 Exhibits and Disclosure Schedule 70 12.15 No Strict
Construction 70 12.16 Third Party Beneficiaries 70 12.17 Waiver of Jury
Trial 70 12.18 Certain Indemnification Matters 70  SIGNATURES 71    
-vi-   8   EXHIBITS  1. Form of Briggs Closing Certificate 2. Form of
Briggs Counsel Opinion 3. Form of Certificate of Merger 4. Form of Escrow
Agreement 5. Form of GPP Closing Certificate 6. Form of GPP Counsel
Opinion 7. Form of Paying Agent Agreement 8. Criteria for Obsolete
Inventory    -vii-   9      AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   THIS
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER is made as of this 21st day of March, 2001 by
and among BRIGGS and STRATTON CORPORATION, GPP MERGER CORPORATION, GENERAC
PORTABLE PRODUCTS, INC., and THE BEACON GROUP III - FOCUS VALUE FUND,
L.P.   RECITALS   WHEREAS, Briggs desires to acquire all of the
outstanding shares of capital stock of GPP; and   WHEREAS, the respective
Boards of Directors of Briggs and Acquisition have: (a) determined that the
merger of GPP and Acquisition pursuant to, and subject to all of the terms
and conditions of, this Agreement is advisable, fair to, and in the best
interests of, Briggs and Acquisition and their respective shareholders; and
(b) approved the Merger, this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement; and   WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of GPP has: (a)
determined that the merger of GPP and Acquisition pursuant to, and subject to
all of the terms and conditions of, this Agreement is advisable, fair to, and
in the best interests of, GPP and its shareholders; and (b) approved the
Merger, this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;
and   WHEREAS, Briggs, GPP and Acquisition desire to make
certain representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in connection
with the Merger.   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the Recitals and of
the mutual covenants, conditions and agreements set forth herein and for
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, it is hereby agreed that:   ARTICLE I 
DEFINITIONS   When used in this Agreement, the following terms shall
have the meanings specified:   1.1 Accounts. "Accounts" shall mean all of
the accounts receivable, notes receivable and similar rights of GPP or an
Affiliate.   1.2 Acquisition. "Acquisition" shall mean GPP
Merger Corporation, a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned Subsidiary of
Briggs.     10    1.3 Affiliate or Affiliates. "Affiliate" or
"Affiliates" shall mean any one or more of GPPD, GPPW or LLC, as the case may
be.   1.4 Agreement. "Agreement" shall mean this Agreement and Plan of
Merger, the Exhibits attached hereto and the Disclosure Schedule, as the
same may be amended from time to time in accordance with the terms
hereof.   1.5 Briggs. "Briggs" shall mean Briggs and Stratton Corporation, a
Wisconsin corporation.   1.6 Briggs Closing Certificate. "Briggs Closing
Certificate" shall mean the closing certificate of Briggs in substantially
the form of EXHIBIT 1 attached to this Agreement.    1.7 Briggs Counsel
Opinion. "Briggs Counsel Opinion" shall mean the opinion of Quarles and Brady
LLP in substantially the form of EXHIBIT 2 attached to this Agreement.  
1.8 Cash Amount. "Cash Amount" shall mean an amount equal to: (a) Fifty-Five
Million and 00/100 Dollars ($55,000,000); minus (b) the greater of the
amount, if any, by which the Stockholders Equity is less than One
Hundred Three Million and 00/100 Dollars ($103,000,000) or the amount, if
any, by which the Working Capital of the GPP Group is less than Sixty-Five
Million and 00/100 Dollars ($65,000,000); minus (c) the Transaction
Costs.   1.9 Certificate of Merger. "Certificate of Merger" shall mean the
Certificate of Merger in substantially the form of EXHIBIT 3
attached hereto.   1.10 Closing. "Closing" shall mean the conference to be
held at 10:00 A.M., Central Daylight Time, on the Closing Date at the offices
of Quarles and Brady LLP, 411 East Wisconsin Avenue, Milwaukee, Wisconsin
53202, or such other time and place as the parties may mutually agree to in
writing, at which the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be
consummated.   1.11 Closing Date. "Closing Date" shall mean the later of:
(a) April 30, 2001; or (b) such date which is two business days after
satisfaction or waiver of the conditions (excluding conditions that, by their
terms, are to be satisfied on the Closing Date) set forth in Articles VIII
and IX.   1.12 Code. "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as the same may be in effect from time to time.   1.13 Common Stock. "Common
Stock" shall mean the twelve thousand (12,000) authorized shares of GPP\'s
common stock, $.01 par value per share.   1.14 Confidentiality Agreement.
"Confidentiality Agreement" shall mean the letter agreement between LLC and
Briggs dated as of November 30, 2000, as the same may be amended from time to
time in accordance with its terms.   - 2 -   11     1.15 Contracts.
"Contracts" shall mean all of the contracts, agreements, leases, licenses and
commitments to which GPP or an Affiliate is a party or by which GPP or an
Affiliate is bound.   1.16 Disclosure Schedule. "Disclosure Schedule" shall
mean the Disclosure Schedule, dated the date of this Agreement, delivered by
GPP to Briggs contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time after the date of
this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement.   1.17 Dissenting Share. "Dissenting Share" shall mean a
share of Common Stock held by any shareholder of GPP who has exercised
such shareholder\'s appraisal rights under the DGCL.   1.18 Employee
Benefit Plans. "Employee Benefit Plans" shall mean any pension plan, profit
sharing plan, bonus plan, incentive compensation plan, stock ownership plan,
stock purchase plan, stock option plan, stock appreciation plan, employee
benefit plan, employee benefit policy, retirement plan, fringe benefit
program, insurance plan, severance plan, disability plan, health care plan,
sick leave plan, death benefit plan, employment agreement, or any other plan
or program to provide retirement income, health and welfare benefits, fringe
benefits or other benefits to former or current employees of GPP or an
Affiliate, whether or not such plan is in writing.   1.19 Equipment.
"Equipment" shall mean all machinery, toolings, equipment, furniture,
fixtures, motor vehicles, furnishings, parts, tools, dies, jigs, patterns,
machine tools, office equipment, transportation equipment, computers,
leasehold improvements, construction in progress and other items of tangible
personal property which are owned by GPP or an Affiliate and used by or
useful to GPP or an Affiliate in the operation of their
respective businesses.   1.20 ERISA. "ERISA" shall mean the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as the same may be in effect from
time to time.   1.21 Escrow Agent. "Escrow Agent" shall mean the escrow
agent which is a party to the Escrow Agreement.   1.22 Escrow Agreement.
"Escrow Agreement" shall mean the Escrow Agreement among Briggs, the
Representative and the Escrow Agent in substantially the form of EXHIBIT 4
attached hereto, as the same may be amended from time to time in accordance
with its terms.   1.23 Escrow Deposit. "Escrow Deposit" shall mean an
amount equal to: (a) Eight Million One Hundred Thousand and 00/100
Dollars ($8,100,000); plus (b) the amount, if any, by which the Additional
Escrow Amount exceeds Four Million One Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars
($4,100,000). For purposes hereof, the "Additional Escrow Amount" shall equal
Six Million One Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($6,100,000) multiplied
by a fraction,    - 3 -   12   the numerator of which is the aggregate
principal amount of Notes outstanding after consummation of the Tender Offer
and the denominator of which is One Hundred Ten Million and 00/100 Dollars
($110,000,000).   1.24 Estimated Cash Amount. "Estimated Cash Amount" shall
be an amount equal to: (a) Fifty-Five Million and 00/100 Dollars
($55,000,000); minus (b) the greater of the amount, if any, by which the
Estimated Stockholders Equity is less than One Hundred Three Million and
00/100 Dollars ($103,000,000) or the amount, if any, by which the Estimated
Working Capital of the GPP Group is less than Sixty-Five Million and 00/100
Dollars ($65,000,000); minus (c) the Transaction Costs.   1.25 Existing
Contracts. "Existing Contracts" shall mean those Contracts that are listed or
briefly described on the Disclosure Schedule.   1.26 Existing Indebtedness.
"Existing Indebtedness" shall mean all of the Indebtedness of GPP or an
Affiliate, all of which is listed on the Disclosure Schedule.   1.27
Existing Insurance Policies. "Existing Insurance Policies" shall mean all of
the insurance policies currently in effect and owned by GPP or an Affiliate,
all of which are listed on the Disclosure Schedule.   1.28 Existing
Investments. "Existing Investments" shall mean all Investments of GPP or an
Affiliate, all of which are listed on the Disclosure Schedule.   1.29
Existing Liens. "Existing Liens" shall mean all Liens affecting any of the
material assets of GPP or an Affiliate, all of which are listed on the
Disclosure Schedule.   1.30 Existing Litigation. "Existing Litigation" shall
mean those suits, audit inquiries from governmental authorities, charges,
workers compensation claims, claims for bodily injury, product warranty
claims, litigation, arbitrations, and similar proceedings, governmental
investigations, citations and similar actions of any kind to which GPP or an
Affiliate is a party, which are listed on the Disclosure Schedule.   1.31
Existing Permits. "Existing Permits" shall mean all permits, licenses,
approvals, qualifications, permissions and governmental authorizations
(including Environmental Permits) obtained or held by GPP or an Affiliate
with respect to the conduct of their respective businesses as presently
conducted, all of which are listed on the Disclosure Schedule.   1.32
Existing Plans. "Existing Plans" shall mean all Employee Benefit Plans of GPP
or an Affiliate, all of which are listed on the Disclosure Schedule.   1.33
Financial Information. "Financial Information" shall mean:    - 4
-     13    (a) the audited consolidated financial statements of the
GPP Group for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2000 (which will be
delivered to Briggs by March 31, 2001 pursuant to Section 3.4) and December
31, 1999; and   (b) the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the
GPP Group for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000 and the interim period
ended February 24, 2001.   1.34 GAAP. "GAAP" shall mean generally accepted
accounting principles as consistently applied by the GPP Group throughout all
periods.   1.35 GPP. "GPP" shall mean Generac Portable Products, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation.   1.36 GPPD. "GPPD" shall mean GPPD, Inc., a
Delaware corporation.   1.37 GPP Closing Certificate. "GPP Closing
Certificate" shall mean the closing certificates of GPP and the Indemnifying
Shareholder in substantially the form of EXHIBIT 5 attached to this
Agreement.   1.38 GPP Counsel Opinion. "GPP Counsel Opinion" shall mean
one or more opinions of counsel to GPP containing the opinions set forth in
EXHIBIT 6 attached to this Agreement.   1.39 GPP Group. "GPP Group" shall
mean GPP and the Affiliates.   1.40 GPPW. "GPPW" shall mean GPPW, Inc., a
Wisconsin corporation.   1.41 HSR Act. "HSR Act" shall mean the Hart-Scott-
Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended.   1.42 Indebtedness.
"Indebtedness" shall mean all liabilities or obligations of the relevant
Person, whether primary or secondary or absolute or contingent: (a) for
borrowed money; (b) that are evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar
instruments; or (c) that secure the liabilities or obligations of others by
Liens on any assets of that Person; or (d) relating to the guaranty, creation
or assumption of any liability or obligation of any other Person.   1.43
Indemnifying Shareholder. "Indemnifying Shareholder" shall mean The Beacon
Group III - Focus Value Fund, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership.   1.44
Intangible Assets. "Intangible Assets" shall mean all of the intellectual
property owned or used by GPP or an Affiliate in their respective businesses,
including but not limited to rights in trade secrets, know-how, Internet
domain names, web sites content, inventions, software, drawings, blue prints,
operating methods and procedures, proprietary information, processes,
technical knowledge, formulae, logos, United States and foreign patents,
patent applications, trade names (including, to the extent GPP or an
Affiliate has rights thereto,   - 5 -    14   the name "Generac
Portable Products"), trademarks, service marks, trademark registrations,
service mark registrations, copyrights, copyright applications and customer
lists.   1.45 Inventory. "Inventory" shall mean all inventories of GPP or
an Affiliate, including raw materials, store inventories, work in process
and finished goods, wherever located.   1.46 Investment. "Investment" by
any Person shall mean: (a) any transfer or delivery of cash, stock or other
property or value by that Person in exchange for Indebtedness, stock or any
other security of another Person; (b) any loan, advance or capital
contribution to or in any other Person; or (c) any investments in any fixed
property or fixed assets other than fixed properties and fixed assets
acquired in the ordinary course of business of the relevant Person.   1.47
Knowledge of GPP. "Knowledge of GPP" shall mean any actual knowledge of the
following employees of GPP or an Affiliate: Mr. Dorrance Noonan, Mr. Gary
Lato, Mr. Robert Saeger, Mr. Wes Sodemann, Mr. David Bramhill, Mr. James
Deneffe, Mr. Timothy Lemont, Ms. Rosemary Wallner, Mr. Joseph Wilmer and Mr.
Barry Quinn.   1.48 Law. "Law" shall mean any foreign, federal, state,
local, common or other law, rule, regulation or governmental requirement of
any kind, and the rules, regulations and orders promulgated thereunder.  
1.49 Lien. "Lien" shall mean, with respect to any asset: (a) any pledge,
lien, charge, claim, restriction, condition, covenant, imposition, overriding
interest (as defined in Section 70 of the Land Registration Act of 1925),
security interest or other encumbrance of any kind; (b) the interest of
a vendor or lessor under any conditional sale agreement, financing lease or
other title retention agreement relating to such asset; and (c) any option,
right of first offer or right of first refusal.   1.50 LLC. "LLC" shall
mean Generac Portable Products, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company.   1.51 Material Adverse Effect. "Material Adverse Effect"
shall mean any material adverse change, or any circumstance reasonably likely
to result in a material adverse change, in the GPP Group\'s consolidated
financial position, assets, liabilities, results of operations, business or
operations.   1.52 Merger. "Merger" shall mean the merger of
Acquisition with and into GPP pursuant to this Agreement.   1.53 Merger
Payment Statement. "Merger Payment Statement" shall mean a letter of
transmittal in a form mutually acceptable to Briggs and GPP. The Merger
Payment Statement shall include the following provisions to be consented to
by each of the Shareholders: (a) appointment of the Representative to act on
behalf of the Shareholders under this Agreement; (b) indemnification of the
Representative for actions taken under this Agreement; (c) agreement
to indemnify (including by contribution) for claims hereunder up to the
amount of the   - 6 -    15   consideration received by such
Shareholder for such Shareholder\'s shares of Common Stock; and (d) agreement
to the Option Payments described in Section 2.4(c).   1.54 Merger Price.
"Merger Price" shall mean the sum of: (a) the Cash Amount; and (b) the
Earnout.   1.55 Notes. "Notes" shall mean the 11 1/4% Senior
Subordinated Notes Due 2006 of LLC.   1.56 Offsets. "Offsets" shall mean
amounts set off against the Earnout pursuant to Sections 2.6(h)(i), 3.12(c),
3.13, 3.14 and 10.3(g)(i).   1.57 Option. "Option" shall mean an option
issued by GPP to purchase shares of Common Stock.   1.58 Paying Agent.
"Paying Agent" shall mean the paying agent which is a party to the Paying
Agent Agreement.   1.59 Paying Agent Agreement. "Paying Agent Agreement"
shall mean the Paying Agent Agreement among Briggs, GPP, the Representative
and the Paying Agent in substantially the form of EXHIBIT 7 hereto, as the
same may be amended from time to time in accordance with its terms.   1.60
Per Share Merger Price. "Per Share Merger Price" shall mean an amount equal
to: (a) the Merger Price; divided by (b) the sum of (i) the total number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding as of the Effective Time of Merger, and
(ii) the total number of shares of Common Stock covered by
Warrants outstanding as of the Effective Time of Merger.   1.61 Permitted
Liens. "Permitted Liens" shall mean those of the Existing Liens which are
expressly noted as Permitted Liens on the Disclosure Schedule and the
following:   (a) Liens for taxes, assessments or other governmental charges
not net delinquent or which are being contested in good faith and
by appropriate proceedings;   (b) Carriers\', warehousemen\'s, mechanics\',
landlords\', materialmen\'s, repairmen\'s or other like Liens arising in the
ordinary course of business in respect of obligations which are not yet due;
and   (c) Deposits to secure the performance of bids, tenders, trade or
government contracts (other than for borrowed money), leases,
licenses, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds
and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of
business.   1.62 Person. "Person" shall mean and include a natural
person, corporation, trust, partnership, limited liability company, limited
liability partnership, association,    - 7 -    16   unincorporated
organization, governmental entity, agency or branch or department thereof, or
any other legal entity.   1.63 Preferred Stock. "Preferred Stock" shall mean
the Twenty Thousand (20,000) authorized shares of GPP\'s preferred stock,
$.01 par value per share.   1.64 Real Property. "Real Property" shall mean
any real property owned or leased by GPP or an Affiliate.   1.65 Records.
"Records" shall mean all books, documents and records owned or used by GPP or
an Affiliate in the conduct of their respective businesses, including
personnel, medical and accounting records, correspondence, governmentally
required records, engineering data, designs, drawings, blue prints, plans,
specifications, lists, customer lists, computer media, software and software
documentation, sales literature, catalogues, promotional items, advertising
materials and other written materials.   1.66 Shareholder. "Shareholder"
shall mean any Person who holds Common Stock at the Effective Time of Merger,
including without limitation any Person who holds a Warrant on the date
hereof which is exercised in part or in full prior to or upon the
consummation of the Merger, and any Person who holds a Warrant at the
Effective Time of Merger.   1.67 Special Indemnity Matters. "Special
Indemnity Matters" shall mean the following:   (a) GPP\'s or any
Affiliate\'s relationship prior to the Effective Time of Merger with Mr.
Claus Peter Schmidt;   (b) to the extent existing at or prior to the
Effective Time of Merger, the environmental, health and safety matters that
are the subject of recommendations in Section 5.0 of the report prepared by
URS Dames and Moore dated as of 21 March 2001 and entitled "Final Report Phase
I Environmental Assessment and Health and Safety Review Generac Portable
Products Winsford, Cheshire on behalf of Briggs and Stratton Corporation";  
(c) the failure at or prior to the Effective Time of Merger to have a storm
water permit for the GPP Group\'s Jefferson, Wisconsin facility;   (d) any
failure at or prior to the Effective Time of Merger of the GPP Group\'s
German service center to be in compliance with applicable Environmental Laws
relating to petrol handling and disposal practices and such other Laws
applicable to the operation of a repair center;   (e) any failure by GPP or
any Affiliate at or prior to the Effective Time of Merger to conduct the
Tender Offer in compliance with all applicable Laws;    - 8 -   
17    (f) any claim relating to Options (including without limitation the
treatment of the Options described in this Agreement);   (g) the GPP
Group\'s practices prior to the Effective Time of Merger with respect to
transfer pricing, management fees and interest expense in Europe;   (h) any
liability of GPP or an Affiliate relating to the situation described in the
U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission letter and incident report included
in the Disclosure Schedule or to the claims described in the insurance loss
report included in the Disclosure Schedule;   (i) the GPP Group\'s sales and
use tax payment practices prior to the Effective Time of Merger;   (j) any
failure by the GPP Group to file an income tax return in any state in which
the GPP Group did not file with respect to periods prior to the Effective
Time of Merger;   (k) the GPP Group\'s practices prior to the Effective Time
of Merger relating to the issuance and content of Forms W-2 and 1099;   (l)
any liability of the GPP Group relating to its temporary employee engagement
practices prior to the Effective Time of Merger;   (m) the failure of the
GPP Group to have appropriately registered and maintained a United Kingdom
branch registration for LLC; and   (n) any liability of GPP or an Affiliate
for the following matters described in the Disclosure Schedule: (i) the
alleged infringement of European Patent No. 612,138; (ii) the "Lighthouse
Logo" trademark matter; and (iii) the G-FORCE trademark matter.   1.68
Subsidiary. "Subsidiary" of any Person shall mean another Person, an amount
of the voting securities, other voting ownership or voting partnership
interests of which is sufficient to elect at least a majority of its board of
directors or other governing body (or, if there are no such voting interests,
50% or more of the equity interests of which) is owned directly or indirectly
by such first Person.   1.69 Transaction Costs. "Transaction Costs" shall
mean an amount representing all fees and expenses incurred by GPP, the
Affiliates and the Shareholders (in each case, if such expenses are an
obligation of GPP or an Affiliate at the Effective Time of Merger) in
connection with the Merger, this Agreement and the transaction contemplated
by this Agreement, including the fees and expenses of counsel, investment
bankers, brokers, accountants and other experts incident to the negotiation
and preparation of this Agreement and the consummation of the Merger and the
other transactions described in this Agreement. Transaction Costs shall be
evidenced by invoices delivered to Briggs on or prior to the Closing
Date.    - 9 -    18    1.70 U.K. Business. "U.K. Business" means the
business of GPP and its Affiliates as currently or previously conducted in
the United Kingdom.   1.71 U.K. Property. "U.K. Property" means the real
property located at Barlow Drive, Woodford Park Industrial Estate, Winsford,
Cheshire CW7 2JZ, England.   1.72 United Kingdom. "United Kingdom" means
the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.   1.73 Warrant.
"Warrant" shall mean a warrant to purchase shares of Common Stock.   1.74
Other Terms. The following terms shall have the meanings specified in the
Sections of this Agreement listed in the following table:     TERM
SECTION  ---- -------  ~~   Acquisition Proposal 3.5(a)(i)  Affected
Employee 3.7(a)  Calculation 2.6(c)  Cap 10.3(e)(ii)  CERCLA 4.16(f) 
Closing Balance Sheet 2.6(a)(i)  Closing Consideration 2.7(a)(i)  Competing
Business 4.24  Competing Transaction 3.5(a)(ii)  Consent Action 3.10(a) 
CPR 11.4  DGCL 2.1  Disclosure Schedule Change 3.2(b)  Dispute 11.1 
Earnout 2.7(a)(iv)  EBITDA 2.7(a)(ii)  EBITDA Period 2.7(a)(iii)  Effective
Time of Merger 2.2  Enterprise Value 2.7(a)(v)  Environmental Claim
4.16(a)(i)  Environmental Hazardous Materials 4.16(a)(ii)  Environmental
Laws 4.16(a)(iii)  Environmental Permits 4.16(a)(iv)  Environmental Release
4.16(a)(v)  ERISA Affiliate 4.10(b)  Estimated Balance Sheet 2.6(a)(ii) 
Estimated Stockholders Equity 2.6(a)(iii)  Estimated Working Capital of the
GPP Group 2.6(a)(iv)  Independent Accountants 2.6(f)  Injunction
8.2(a)    - 10 -     19      TERM SECTION  ---- -------  ~~  
Losses 10.1  Net Book Value 2.6(a)(v)  Option Payment 2.4(c)  Pro-Rata
Portion 4.2(a)  Replacement 11.6(g)  Representative 3.9  Request 11.4 
Special Meeting 3.10(a)  Stockholders Equity 2.6(a)(vi)  Surviving
Corporation 2.1  Tender Costs 3.12(b)  Tender Offer 3.12(a)  Working
Capital of the GPP Group 2.6(a)(vii)  Zero Coupon Notes 3.16     ARTICLE
II   THE MERGER   2.1 The Merger. At the Effective Time of Merger and upon
and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Acquisition shall
be merged with and into GPP, which will be the surviving corporation in the
Merger (the "Surviving Corporation") and shall continue to be governed by the
Laws of the State of Delaware and the separate existence of Acquisition shall
thereupon cease. The Merger shall be pursuant to the provisions of, and shall
be with the effects provided in, the Delaware General Corporation Law
("DGCL").   2.2 Effective Time of Merger. Subject to the terms
and conditions of this Agreement, on the Closing Date, Briggs, Acquisition
and GPP will cause the Certificate of Merger to be executed, delivered and
filed as provided in the DGCL. The Merger shall become effective at the
latest of: (a) April 30, 2001; (b) the time of the receipt of the Certificate
of Merger by the Delaware Secretary of State; or (c) at such later time as
Briggs, Acquisition and GPP may agree and as may be set forth in the
Certificate of Merger; provided, however, that to the extent permitted by Law
and GAAP, for tax and accounting purposes the parties shall treat the Merger
as being effective as of 12:01 a.m. on the date of the Merger. The date and
time on which the Merger shall become effective is referred to in this
Agreement as the "Effective Time of Merger."   2.3 Corporate Matters.  
(a) Certificate of Incorporation of Surviving Corporation. The Certificate of
Incorporation of GPP as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time of
Merger shall be the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation
until amended in accordance with applicable Law.    - 11 -    20   
(b) Bylaws of Surviving Corporation. The Bylaws of GPP as in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time of Merger shall be the Bylaws of the
Surviving Corporation until amended in accordance with applicable Law.   (c)
Directors and Officers of Surviving Corporation. The duly qualified and
acting directors of Acquisition immediately prior to the Effective Time of
Merger shall be the directors of the Surviving Corporation, to hold office as
provided in the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation. The duly qualified and
acting officers of GPP immediately prior to the Effective Time of Merger
shall be the officers of the Surviving Corporation, to hold office
as provided in the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation.   2.4 Conversion of
Stock.   (a) Conversion of Common Stock and Warrants. At the Effective Time
of Merger, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of
Acquisition, GPP, Briggs or the Shareholders:   (i) each outstanding share
of Common Stock (other than a Dissenting Share) shall be converted into the
right to receive an amount equal to the Per Share Merger Price;   (ii) each
outstanding Warrant shall be converted into the right to receive an amount
equal to the Per Share Merger Price (less the applicable exercise price
thereof) multiplied by the number of shares of Common Stock covered by such
Warrant, and each such Warrant shall then be canceled; and   (iii) each
Dissenting Share shall be converted into the right to receive payment with
respect thereto from the Surviving Corporation in accordance with the
DGCL.   (b) Conversion of Acquisition Common Stock . At the Effective Time
of Merger, each outstanding share of Acquisition\'s common stock shall be
converted into one share of common stock of the Surviving Corporation.   (c)
Cancellation of Options. Prior to the Effective Time of Merger, GPP shall
seek to enter into an agreement with each holder of an Option providing for
the cancellation of such Option without any liability or cost to GPP. In
exchange for such cancellation, the holder of the Option shall enter into an
agreement with the Representative, acting on behalf of the Shareholders,
entitling the holder to receive from the Shareholders the payment described
in this Section 2.4(c). After the Merger, if the final calculation of the
Earnout pursuant to Section 2.7 results in an Earnout payment being
due (which Earnout shall be calculated for this purpose as if no Option
Payments were due), then each holder of an Option which had vested prior to
the Merger, in part or in full, shall be entitled to receive payment from the
Shareholders of an amount equal to the amount, if any, by which: (i) the Per
Share Merger Price (calculated after finalization of the Earnout but without
deduction for any Offsets or Option Payments and, for this purpose only,
assuming that the shares of Common Stock subject to    - 12 -   
21   vested Options were outstanding as of the Effective Time of Merger),
exceeds (ii) the aggregate exercise price of the vested portion of such
Option (the "Option Payment").   2.5 Procedure for Payment of Cash
Amount.   (a) At Closing, Briggs shall:   (i) deliver the Estimated Cash
Amount, less the Escrow Deposit, to the Paying Agent by wire transfer of
immediately available funds to be held and disbursed at or following the
Effective Time of Merger in accordance with the Paying Agent Agreement;
and   (ii) deposit the Escrow Deposit with the Escrow Agent by wire
transfer of immediately available funds to be held and disbursed
following the Effective Time of Merger in accordance with the provisions of
the Escrow Agreement.   (b) The Paying Agent Agreement shall provide that,
at or immediately after the Effective Time of Merger, the Paying Agent shall
pay or shall cause to be paid to each Shareholder who has returned to the
Surviving Corporation a completed Merger Payment Statement, duly signed by
such Shareholder, an amount equal to the "Net Merger Payment" as shown on
such Merger Payment Statement. Each such payment shall be made in the name
instructed on the Merger Payment Statement by the Shareholder entitled to
such payment.   (c) Any portion of the Estimated Cash Amount or Cash
Amount not disbursed by the Paying Agent after one (1) year after the Closing
Date shall be paid to the Surviving Corporation and thereafter all
Shareholders shall be entitled to look to the Surviving Corporation as
general creditors with respect to the cash payable upon surrender of their
certificates. Any portion of the Earnout not disbursed by the Paying Agent
after one (1) year after delivery of the Earnout payment to the Paying Agent
shall be paid to the Surviving Corporation and thereafter all Shareholders
shall be entitled to look to the Surviving Corporation as general creditors
with respect to the cash payable upon surrender of their certificates.  
(d) Any portion of the Escrow Deposit available for distribution to the
Shareholders pursuant to the terms of the Escrow Agreement shall be paid to
the Shareholders based on their respective Pro-Rata Portions of the remaining
balance of such Escrow Deposit.   2.6 Adjustment of Cash Amount.   (a)
Definitions. As used in this Agreement:   (i) "Closing Balance Sheet" shall
mean a consolidated balance sheet of GPP and the Affiliates immediately prior
to the Effective Time of Merger to be prepared in good faith by Briggs and
delivered to the Representative following the Closing which shall: (A) be
prepared in accordance with GAAP (unless specifically provided otherwise
herein), except that it shall exclude any adjustments required by GAAP as a
result of the transactions contemplated in this Agreement, (B) include
appropriate warranty and bad debt reserves for the    - 13 -  
22   GPP Group\'s German operations; (C) include appropriate Inventory
shrinkage and warranty reserves for the GPP Group\'s United States
operations; and (D) reflect the Net Book Value of all of the assets of GPP
and the Affiliates and of all of the liabilities of GPP and the
Affiliates.   (ii) "Estimated Balance Sheet" shall mean an estimate of
the consolidated balance sheet of GPP and the Affiliates immediately prior to
the Effective Time of Merger to be prepared in good faith by GPP and
delivered to Briggs which shall: (A) be prepared in accordance with GAAP
(unless specifically provided otherwise herein), except that it shall exclude
any adjustments required by GAAP as a result of the transactions contemplated
in this Agreement, (B) include warranty and bad debt reserves in amounts
reasonably acceptable to Briggs for the GPP Group\'s German operations; (C)
include Inventory shrinkage and warranty reserves in amounts reasonably
acceptable to Briggs for the GPP Group\'s United States operations; and (D)
reflect the estimated Net Book Value of all of the assets of GPP and the
Affiliates and of all of the liabilities of GPP and the Affiliates.   (iii)
"Estimated Stockholders Equity" shall mean, in each case as shown on the
Estimated Balance Sheet and excluding other comprehensive income and any
additional paid-in capital recorded in connection with the issuance of the
Warrants associated with GPP\'s $15 million zero coupon notes
(if applicable): (A) the Net Book Value of all assets of GPP and the
Affiliates; minus (B) the Net Book Value of all liabilities of GPP and the
Affiliates other than for Transaction Costs.   (iv) "Estimated Working
Capital of the GPP Group" shall mean, in each case as shown on the Estimated
Balance Sheet: (a) the Net Book Value of all Accounts, Inventory, prepaid
expenses and other current assets of GPP and the Affiliates, minus (b) the
Net Book Value of all accounts payable, accrued expenses and revolving credit
loans of GPP and the Affiliates (but excluding the current portion of long-
term debt); calculated on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.  
(v) "Net Book Value" shall mean, for any asset, the amount equal to the net
book value of that asset immediately prior to the Effective Time of Merger
and, for any liability, the book amount of such liability immediately prior
to the Effective Time of Merger.   (vi) "Stockholders Equity" shall mean, in
each case as shown on the Closing Balance Sheet and excluding other
comprehensive income and any additional paid-in capital recorded in
connection with the issuance of the Warrants associated with GPP\'s $15
million zero coupon notes (if applicable): (A) the Net Book Value of all
assets of GPP and the Affiliates; minus (B) the Net Book Value of all
liabilities of GPP and the Affiliates other than for Transaction Costs.  
(vii) "Working Capital of the GPP Group" shall mean, in each case as shown on
the Closing Balance Sheet: (a) the Net Book Value of all Accounts, Inventory,
prepaid expenses and other current assets of GPP and the Affiliates, minus
(b) the Net Book Value of all accounts payable, accrued expenses and
revolving credit loans of GPP and the    - 14 -    23   Affiliates
(but excluding the current portion of long-term debt); calculated on a
consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.   (b) Estimated Closing Balance
Sheet. No less than five (5) business days prior to the Closing Date, GPP
shall prepare or cause to be prepared and delivered to Briggs the Estimated
Balance Sheet and a calculation of the Estimated Cash Amount based upon the
Estimated Balance Sheet and invoices representing the Transaction Costs. GPP
shall cooperate and confer with Briggs to discuss any reasonable objections
Briggs may have with respect to the Estimated Balance Sheet or the
calculation by GPP of the Estimated Cash Amount, or both. Briggs and the
Representative shall in good faith endeavor to agree on the amounts of the
Estimated Stockholders Equity, the Estimated Working Capital of the GPP Group
and the Estimated Cash Amount and such agreed upon amounts shall be used for
purposes of proceeding with the Closing; provided that, if Briggs and the
Representative cannot agree on such amounts, the average of Briggs\'s amounts
and the Representative\'s amounts shall be used for purposes of proceeding
with the Closing.   (c) Closing Financial Adjustments. Following the
Closing Date, Briggs shall prepare the Closing Balance Sheet and a
calculation of the Cash Amount (the "Calculation") based upon the Closing
Balance Sheet and invoices representing the Transaction Costs. Briggs shall
deliver to the Representative, as promptly as practicable after the Closing
Date and in any event within ninety (90) calendar days after the Closing
Date, the Closing Balance Sheet and the Calculation.   (d) Bases for
Objection. The only bases upon which the Representative may dispute any
matter in the Closing Balance Sheet or the Calculation are: (i) the
inaccuracy of such matter, whether factually or numerically; or (ii) that the
Closing Balance Sheet or the Calculation, or both, were not prepared as
provided in this Agreement.   (e) Objection by the Representative. The
Closing Balance Sheet and the Calculation shall be final and binding on the
parties unless the Representative objects to any matter in the Closing
Balance Sheet or the Calculation within thirty (30) calendar days after
receipt of the Closing Balance Sheet and the Calculation by: (i) notifying
Briggs in writing of such objection; and (ii) delivering to Briggs a detailed
statement describing the basis for such objection along with the
Representative\'s calculation of the Cash Amount. If Briggs agrees with the
objection of the Representative and the calculations of the Representative,
the amount paid by Briggs pursuant to Section 2.5(a) of this Agreement shall
be adjusted in the manner set forth in Section 2.6(h) of this Agreement. If
Briggs does not agree with the objection of the Representative or with the
calculations of the Representative, Briggs shall, within fifteen (15)
calendar days after receipt of the objection of the Representative, notify
the Representative in writing of such fact.   (f) Independent Accountants.
The parties shall thereafter use reasonable efforts to resolve the dispute;
provided, that if they are unable to resolve their dispute within thirty (30)
days following the expiration of the fifteen (15) day period described in
Section 2.6(e) above, by notice by Briggs or the Representative to the other
the disagreement between the Representative and Briggs may then be submitted
by either party for resolution to    - 15 -   24   the Milwaukee,
Wisconsin office of Ernst and Young (the "Independent Accountants"). If Ernst and
Young is unable or unwilling to serve as the Independent Accountants, the
Independent Accountants shall be the Milwaukee, Wisconsin office of another
"Big 5" accounting firm chosen by lot (after excluding any such firm that has
provided substantial services within the preceding five (5) years to Briggs,
GPP, an Affiliate or the Indemnifying Shareholder). Briggs and the
Representative, on behalf of the other Shareholders, shall execute a
reasonable engagement letter if requested by the Independent Accountants. The
Independent Accountants shall act as an arbitrator to determine, based on the
provisions of this Section 2.6, only those items in dispute. Within ten (10)
business days after the Independent Accountants have been retained, Briggs
and the Representative shall furnish, at their own expense, to the
Independent Accountants and the other party its position with respect to each
matter in dispute. Within five (5) business days after the expiration of such
ten (10) day period, Briggs and the Representative may deliver to the
Independent Accountants and to the other party its response to the other\'s
position on each matter in dispute. With each submission, Briggs and the
Representative may also furnish to the Independent Accountants such
other information and documents as it deems relevant or such information and
documents that may be requested by the Independent Accountants with
appropriate copies or notification being given to the other party; provided
that Briggs shall furnish to the Independent Accountants the "work papers"
with respect to Closing Balance Sheet and the Calculation. The Independent
Accountants may, at their discretion, conduct a conference concerning the
disagreement with the Representative and Briggs, at which conference each
party shall have the right to present additional documents, materials and
other information and to have present its advisors, counsel and accountants.
In connection with such process, there shall be no hearings, oral
examinations, testimony, depositions, discovery or other similar proceedings
conducted by any party or by the Independent Accountants.   (g) Decision.
The Independent Accountants shall choose one of the two positions on each
disputed matter within forty-five (45) days after the submissions provided
for in subsection (f) above have been delivered to the Independent
Accountants. The Independent Accountants\' determination as to each item in
dispute shall be set forth in a written statement delivered to Briggs and the
Representative and shall be final and binding on the parties. The Independent
Accountants shall determine the proportion of their fees and expenses to be
paid by each of the Representative and Briggs, based primarily on the degree
to which the Independent Accountants have accepted the positions of the
respective parties.   (h) Adjustments.   (i) If the Estimated Cash Amount
used at Closing is in excess of the Cash Amount as finally determined
pursuant to this Section 2.6, the Shareholders shall promptly pay such excess
to Briggs. Such payment shall first be made out of the escrow fund maintained
by the Escrow Agent. Thereafter, Briggs shall have the right to either set
off any amount due against the Earnout or recover the excess from the
Shareholders, who shall then have the right to be reimbursed from the Earnout
payment available for distribution to the Shareholders, if any, for any
amount so paid before such Earnout payment is distributed to the Shareholders
pursuant to Section 2.7(b)(z) or (c). Thereafter, or in the event Briggs
chooses to recover such excess from the Earnout and no Earnout is payable
pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.7 of this Agreement, the Shareholders
shall be responsible for the remaining amount    - 16 -    25   due.
If the Cash Amount as finally determined by this Section 2.6 exceeds
the Estimated Cash Amount used at Closing, Briggs shall pay such excess to
the Shareholders by depositing an amount equal to the excess with the Paying
Agent.   (ii) Any payment pursuant to Section 2.6(h)(i) of this Agreement
shall include interest on the amount due from the Effective Time of Merger to
and including the date paid in full at an annual interest rate equal to the
prime rate of interest established on the Closing Date by MandI; Marshall
and Ilsley Bank, Milwaukee, Wisconsin.   2.7 Earnout.   (a) Definition. As
used in this Agreement:   (i) "Closing Consideration" shall mean the sum of:
(A) the Cash Amount; (B) the Transaction Costs; and (C) the amount of
Existing Indebtedness outstanding at the Closing (including any Indebtedness
being paid at the Closing pursuant to Section 3.12 hereof).   (ii) "EBITDA"
shall mean the net income of the GPP Group for the applicable period plus all
interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization deducted in the
calculation of such net income, but without giving effect to any loss,
expense, income or revenue not incurred in the ordinary course of business,
and calculated consistent with the following guidelines: (A) the calculation
shall include the sourcing of engines and components based on arms\' length
terms; (B) the charges for any services provided by Briggs that were
performed by GPP or an Affiliate prior to the Effective Time of Merger shall
be evaluated based on those expenses incurred by GPP or such Affiliate prior
to the Effective Time of Merger; and (C) advertising shall be charged to the
GPP Group on a basis consistent with the targeted nature of such
advertising (i.e., generator and pressure washer end products). EBITDA shall
be calculated for the GPP Group on a consolidated basis in accordance with
GAAP   (iii) "EBITDA Period" shall mean the twelve (12) month period ending
June 30, 2002.   (iv) "Earnout" shall mean an amount equal to: (A)
forty percent (40%) of: (1) the Enterprise Value, minus (2) the Closing
Consideration; up to a maximum amount such that the Closing Consideration
plus the amount calculated pursuant to this subsection (A) does not exceed
Three Hundred Fifty Million Dollars ($350,000,000); minus (B) the aggregate
Option Payments.   (v) "Enterprise Value" shall mean the EBITDA for the
EBITDA Period multiplied by six (6).   (b) Payment. As promptly as
practicable following June 30, 2002, and in any event on or prior to
September 30, 2002, Briggs shall deliver to the Representative, (i) financial
statements of the GPP Group for the EBITDA Period; (ii) a statement setting
forth its calculation of the EBITDA for the EBITDA Period; and (iii) a
statement setting forth its   - 17 -    26   calculation of the
Earnout assuming that no Option Payments are due. Within thirty (30)
following its receipt of the foregoing, the Representative shall deliver to
Briggs its calculation of the aggregate Option Payments due.
Promptly following receipt of the Representative\'s calculation, Briggs shall
deliver to the Paying Agent by wire transfer of immediately available funds:
(y) for delivery to the holders of Options entitled to an Option Payment, the
aggregate amount of Option Payments due; and (z) for delivery to the
Shareholders in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, the
Earnout, less all Offsets.   (c) Objection by the Representative. The EBITDA
calculation provided by Briggs pursuant to Section 2.7(b)(i)(B) of this
Agreement shall be final and binding on the parties unless the Representative
objects thereto within thirty (30) calendar days after receipt of such
calculation by: (i) notifying Briggs in writing of such objection; and (ii)
delivering to Briggs a detailed statement describing the basis for such
objection along with the Representative\'s calculation of the EBITDA. If
Briggs agrees with the objection of the Representative and the EBITDA
calculation of the Representative, Briggs shall pay any additional Earnout
payment resulting from the EBITDA calculation of the Representative by
promptly depositing the same with the Paying Agent for delivery to the
Shareholders. If Briggs does not agree with the objection of
the Representative or with the EBITDA calculation of the Representative,
Briggs shall, within fifteen (15) calendar days after receipt of the
objection of the Representative, notify the Representative in writing of such
fact. The parties shall thereafter use reasonable efforts to resolve the
dispute; provided, if they are unable to resolve their dispute within thirty
(30) days following the expiration of the fifteen (15) day period described
above, by notice by Briggs or the Representative to the other, the
disagreement between the Representative and Briggs may then be submitted to,
and resolved by, Independent Accountants in the manner set forth in Sections
2.6(f) and (g) of this Agreement. If, following such resolution, an
additional Earnout payment is owed by Briggs, an amount equal to such
additional Earnout payment shall be deposited with the Paying Agent within
ten (10) calendar days after the date of determination, along with interest
on the amount due from September 30, 2002 to and including the date paid in
full at the interest rate set forth in Section 2.6(h)(ii) of
this Agreement.   (d) Confidentiality. In the course of his duties pursuant
to this Section 2.7 and elsewhere in this Agreement, the Representative may
be exposed to information concerning Briggs and its Subsidiaries that is
or includes material nonpublic information. The Representative agrees to keep
all information provided to it by Briggs or any of its Subsidiaries
confidential and acknowledges that applicable securities laws prohibit any
Person who has material nonpublic information about a company from purchasing
or selling securities of such company or from communicating such information
to any other Person under circumstances where it is reasonably foreseeable
that such Person is likely to purchase or sell such securities.   ARTICLE
III   OTHER AGREEMENTS   3.1 Access and Cooperation. Upon reasonable
notice, GPP shall afford to the officers, employees, accountants, legal
counsel, agents and other representatives of Briggs   - 18 -   
27   reasonable access to all of the properties, books, contracts,
financial information, commitments and records of GPP and the Affiliates
during normal business hours. Subject to the preceding sentence, Briggs shall
be entitled, at its own expense, to: (i) conduct appraisals of the equipment,
buildings and properties of GPP and the Affiliates; (ii) conduct, on
reasonable prior notice to and subject to the approval (not to be
unreasonably withheld) of GPP, environmental and occupational safety
inspections of the properties of GPP and the Affiliates; (iii) communicate,
on reasonable prior notice to and subject to the approval (not to be
unreasonably withheld) of GPP, with employees, vendors, customers and other
Persons having business dealings with GPP and the Affiliates; and (iv) have a
survey of each parcel of owned Real Property prepared (provided, however,
that any inability of Briggs to obtain such a survey prior to Closing shall
not be a breach of this Agreement so long as GPP has abided by its access and
cooperation obligations set forth in this Section 3.1). GPP agrees to assist
Briggs, and shall be permitted to participate with Briggs, in connection with
all such activities.   3.2 Disclosure Schedule.   (a) Disclosure Schedule.
Contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, GPP is
delivering to Briggs the Disclosure Schedule, which is accompanied by a
certificate signed by the President and Chief Executive Officer of GPP,
stating that the Disclosure Schedule is being delivered pursuant to this
Agreement and is the Disclosure Schedule referred to in this Agreement. The
Disclosure Schedule is deemed to constitute an integral part of this
Agreement and to modify the representations, warranties, covenants or
agreements of GPP contained in this Agreement to the extent that such
representations, warranties, covenants or agreements expressly refer to the
Disclosure Schedule.   (b) Updates. Prior to the Closing Date, GPP shall
update the Disclosure Schedule by written notice to Briggs to reflect any
matters that occur from and after the date of this Agreement which, if
existing on the date of this Agreement, would have been required to be
described in the Disclosure Schedule (a "Disclosure Schedule Change"). For
purposes of determining the accuracy of the representations and warranties
contained in Article IV and Article V and the liability of the Shareholders
under Article X for breaches thereof, the Disclosure Schedule shall be deemed
to include only that information contained therein on the date of this
Agreement and shall be deemed to exclude any information contained in any
Disclosure Schedule Change (other than a Disclosure Schedule Change
reflecting Existing Contracts entered into following the date of this
Agreement that are consistent with GPP\'s and the Affiliates\' obligations in
Article VII or changes to the Existing Insurance between the date of this
Agreement and the Closing Date), except that if the subject matter of the
Disclosure Schedule Change is such that it results in a failure of the
condition set forth in Section 8.3 and Briggs and Acquisition waive the
satisfaction of such condition as a condition to the performance of their
obligations hereunder, then none of Briggs, Acquisition, GPP or an Affiliate
shall be entitled to recover for such Loss pursuant to Article X. Briggs
acknowledges that if it is entitled to recover for a Loss pursuant to
the preceding sentence and the Closing Balance Sheet includes a liability
relating to the subject matter of the Disclosure Schedule Change, then the
amount so reflected in the Closing Balance Sheet shall not constitute a Loss
for purposes of Article X.    - 19 -    28    3.3 Duties Concerning
the Closing. Each party to this Agreement shall: (a) use reasonable best
efforts to obtain any third party consents or approvals required by this
Agreement; and (b) use reasonable best efforts to cause all of the conditions
precedent set forth in Articles VIII and IX of this Agreement to be
satisfied.   3.4 Deliveries of Information; Consultation. From time to time
prior to the Closing Date:   (a) Deliveries by GPP. GPP shall furnish
promptly to Briggs: (i) the monthly financial statements of GPP and the
Affiliates (as prepared by GPP and the Affiliates in accordance with their
normal accounting procedures) promptly after such financial statements are
available; and (ii) all other information concerning the operations,
properties and personnel of GPP and the Affiliates as Briggs may reasonably
request; provided that in each of clauses (i) and (ii) above, GPP shall not
be required to furnish any financial statement or any other information which
it would not otherwise have available in the ordinary course of business. In
addition, GPP shall furnish to Briggs the following: (y) no later than March
31, 2001, the audited consolidated financial statements of the GPP Group for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000; and (z) promptly after receipt
thereof, (A) notice that any insurer has refused coverage or has assumed a
defense with a reservation of rights, and (B) except with respect to those
policies which GPP or an Affiliate chooses not to renew, notice of
cancellation or any other indication that any insurance policy is no
longer in full force and effect or will not be renewed or that the issuer of
any such policy is not willing or able to perform its obligations
thereunder.   (b) Consultation. GPP shall confer and consult
with designated representatives of Briggs on an as-requested basis to discuss
any Disclosure Schedule Changes and to report on operational matters of GPP
and the Affiliates and the general status of ongoing business operations of
GPP and the Affiliates (including, without limitation, any request by the
other party to an Existing Contract to renegotiate the terms of such Existing
Contract).   (c) Acquisitions. GPP shall notify Briggs immediately: (i) of
any Acquisition Proposal; (ii) of any inquiry received from any
Person concerning an Acquisition Proposal; (iii) of any request from any
Person for confidential information concerning the business of GPP and the
Affiliates in connection with an Acquisition Proposal; and (iv) if any Person
seeks to initiate or continue any discussions or negotiations with GPP or an
Affiliate concerning a Competing Transaction or an Acquisition Proposal.  
3.5 Acquisition Proposals.   (a) Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the
following terms shall have the meanings specified:   (i) "Acquisition
Proposal" shall mean any inquiry, proposal or offer relating to a Competing
Transaction; and   (ii) "Competing Transaction" shall mean any or all of
the following, other than the transactions described in this Agreement or any
other transaction    - 20 -   29   between Briggs and GPP: (A) a
merger or share or membership interest exchange, consolidation,
reorganization, combination or similar transaction which involves or affects
GPP or an Affiliate; or (B) a sale, transfer or other disposition of all or
substantially all of the assets of GPP or an Affiliate in a
single transaction or a series of related transactions; or (C) a sale,
exchange offer or tender offer for, or acquisition by any Person or group of
Persons of, beneficial ownership of a controlling interest in GPP or an
Affiliate in a single transaction or series of related transactions; or (D) a
public announcement of a proposal, plan, intention or agreement to do any of
the foregoing.   (b) Acquisition Proposals. GPP and the
Indemnifying Shareholder shall not, nor shall GPP permit an Affiliate or
GPP\'s or the Affiliates\' shareholders, partners, members, officers,
directors, managers, agents or authorized representatives (including, without
limitation, any investment banker, attorney or accountant retained or engaged
by that party) to: (i) initiate, solicit, or encourage any inquiries
concerning an Acquisition Proposal or a Competing Transaction; (ii) engage in
any negotiations concerning, or provide any confidential information or data
to, or have any discussions with, any Person relating to an Acquisition
Proposal or a Competing Transaction; (iii) facilitate any effort or attempt
to make or implement an Acquisition Proposal; or (iv) consummate, agree or
commit to consummate an Acquisition Proposal or a Competing Transaction. GPP
shall immediately cease or cause to be terminated any existing activities,
discussions or negotiations with any Person with respect to any of the
foregoing activities.   3.6 Public Announcements. Subject to each party\'s
disclosure obligations imposed by Law, Briggs and GPP will cooperate and
consult with each other prior to the Closing in the development and
distribution of all news releases, disclosures to customers and suppliers of
GPP and other public information disclosures with respect to this Agreement
or any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and shall not issue
any press release or public statement without the approval of the other
parties, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.   3.7 Employee
and Employee Benefit Matters.   (a) Briggs agrees that those individuals who
are employed by GPP or any Affiliate immediately prior to the Effective Time
of Merger shall continue to be employees of GPP or such Affiliate, as the
case may be, as of the Effective Time of Merger (each such employee, an
"Affected Employee"); provided, however, that this Section 3.7 shall not be
construed to limit the ability of the applicable employer to terminate the
employment of any Affected Employee at any time.   (b) For a period of 14
months following the Closing Date, Briggs shall, or shall cause GPP to,
provide each Affected Employee with employee benefits that are no less
favorable in the aggregate than those provided to each such Affected Employee
immediately prior to the Closing Date, it being acknowledged and agreed that
(i) Briggs\'s EVA plan may be substituted for GPP\'s bonus plan, (ii) Briggs
shall be entitled to freeze the pension plan currently maintained for the
benefit of the Affected Employees and merge such plan into Briggs\'s pension
plan, so long as Briggs provides substantially equivalent retirement benefits
to such Affected    - 21 -    30   Employees following the Effective
Time of Merger, and (iii) Briggs shall be entitled to determine in its sole
discretion to whom it grants employee stock options. Briggs shall, for a
period of 14 months following the Closing Date, maintain (or cause GPP to
maintain) a severance pay practice, program or arrangement for the benefit of
each Affected Employee that is no less favorable than such practice, program
or arrangement in effect immediately prior to the Closing Date with respect
to such Affected Employee.   (c) Briggs shall pay, or cause GPP to pay, all
amounts due after the Effective Time of Merger to any Affected Employee under
any bonus plan or program maintained by GPP or any Affiliate in accordance
with the terms thereof; provided that any such amounts that are payable
solely as a result of the Merger shall be Transaction Costs for purposes of
this Agreement.   (d) Briggs shall, or shall cause GPP to, give
Affected Employees full credit for purposes of eligibility and vesting and
benefit accrual (except for the benefit accruals under any defined benefit
pension plan) under such employee benefit plans or arrangements maintained by
Briggs in which such Affected Employees participate for such Affected
Employees\' service with GPP or any Affiliate to the same extent recognized
by GPP or such Affiliate immediately prior to the Closing Date.   (e)
Briggs shall, or shall cause GPP to, (i) waive all limitations as to
preexisting conditions, exclusions and waiting periods with respect to
participation and coverage requirements applicable to the Affected Employees
under any welfare benefit plans in which such Affected Employees may be
eligible to participate after the Closing Date and (ii) provide each
Affected Employee with credit for any co-payments and deductibles paid prior
to the Closing Date in satisfying any applicable deductible or out-of-
pocket requirements under any welfare plans that such Affected Employees are
eligible to participate in after the Closing Date.   3.8
Noncompetition.   (a) Noncompetition. In consideration of the
benefits accruing directly and indirectly to the Indemnifying Shareholder
pursuant to this Agreement, the Indemnifying Shareholder agrees that, if the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement are consummated, the Indemnifying
Shareholder will not, directly or indirectly, for the period of five (5)
years from and after the Effective Time of Merger, anywhere in North America
or in any European country in which GPP or an Affiliate had operations or
customers at the Effective Time of Merger, own, manage, operate, control,
finance, participate in, consult with, or be connected in any manner with,
the operation, ownership, management or control of any enterprise engaged in
the business of, or any business similar to, the business conducted by GPP
and the Affiliates at the Effective Time of Merger.   (b) Exception.
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 3.8(a) of this Agreement, the
Indemnifying Shareholder shall not be prohibited from owning or acquiring
securities of any corporation or other business enterprise that may be
engaged in activities described in the foregoing subsection (a), provided
that: (i) the Indemnifying Shareholder is not a consultant or advisor to and
does not have the right to designate any officer, director or    - 22
-   31   employee of such corporation or business enterprise; (ii) such
securities are held for investment purposes only and represent less than five
percent (5%) of the total equity interests of such corporation or business
enterprise; and (iii) such securities are listed on a national securities
exchange or are regularly quoted in the over the counter market by one or
more members of the National Association of Securities Dealers.   (c)
Nonsolicitation. In consideration of the benefits accruing directly and
indirectly to the Indemnifying Shareholder pursuant to this Agreement, the
Indemnifying Shareholder agrees that the Indemnifying Shareholder will not,
directly or indirectly, for the period of three (3) years from and after the
Effective Time of Merger: (i) induce or attempt to induce any employee of GPP
or any Affiliate as of the Effective Time of Merger to leave the employ of
GPP or such Affiliate; (ii) hire, or solicit the hiring of (other
than through a general advertisement), any Person who is an employee of GPP
or any Affiliate as of the Effective Time of Merger or was an employee of GPP
or any Affiliate at any time during the one year preceding the Effective Time
of Merger; or (iii) knowingly induce or attempt to induce any customer,
supplier, licensee, reseller, independent contractor, developer, agent,
sales representative or reseller of GPP or any Affiliate to cease its
business or decrease its business with GPP or such Affiliate.   (d)
Confidentiality. The Indemnifying Shareholder acknowledges and agrees that
the Indemnifying Shareholder is familiar with trade secrets and with other
confidential information relating to GPP and the Affiliates. The Indemnifying
Shareholder agrees that it shall not use or disclose, or knowingly permit to
be used or disclosed, any non-public proprietary or confidential information
of GPP or an Affiliate, including without limitation, non-public proprietary
or confidential customer lists, supplier lists, technology, know how, trade
secrets and procedures, except for information which (i) is or becomes
generally available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by
the Indemnifying Shareholder, (ii) is or becomes available to the
Indemnifying Shareholder on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than
Briggs, GPP or an Affiliate provided that such source is not prohibited from
disclosing such information by a contractual, legal or fiduciary obligation,
(iii) is required to be disclosed by applicable law or to any governmental
agency, (iv) is required to be disclosed in legal proceedings involving the
Indemnifying Shareholder or (v) is necessary or desirable to be disclosed
pursuant to the federal or state securities laws.   (e) Certain
Acknowledgments. The Indemnifying Shareholder acknowledges and agrees that
Briggs would be irreparably damaged if the Indemnifying Shareholder were to
breach any of its covenants contained in to this Section 3.8 and that any
such breach would result in a significant loss of the goodwill of the
business. The Indemnifying Shareholder further acknowledges and agrees that
the covenants and agreements set forth in this Section 3.8 were a material
inducement to Briggs to enter into this Agreement and to perform
its obligations hereunder, and that Briggs would not obtain the benefit of
the bargain set forth in this Agreement as specifically negotiated by the
parties if the Indemnifying Shareholder breached the provisions of this
Section 3.8 in any material respect. The Indemnifying Shareholder has
consulted with legal counsel regarding the agreements set forth in this
Section 3.8 and based on such consultation has determined and hereby
acknowledges that such covenants are reasonable in terms of duration, scope
and area restrictions and are necessary to protect the goodwill,     - 23
-   32   confidential and trade secret information, and human resources
of the business and the substantial investment in the business made by Briggs
hereunder.   (f) Enforcement. If the Indemnifying Shareholder breaches any
of the covenants set forth in this Section 3.8, in addition to any
remedies available under law, Briggs shall have the right and remedy to have
the covenants set forth in this Section 3.8 specifically enforced by any
court of competent jurisdiction, it being agreed that any breach or
threatened breach of any such covenants would cause irreparable injury to
Briggs and that money damages would not provide an adequate remedy to
Briggs.   3.9 Representative. By approving this Agreement, the Shareholders
shall be deemed to have irrevocably made, constituted and appointed the
Indemnifying Shareholder as their true and lawful attorney-in-fact to
take all action required under this Agreement on behalf of the
Shareholders, including without limitation the resolution of all disputes and
the collection and disbursement of funds, in their name and stead and further
ratify and approve all such actions as their own (such Person is referred to
herein as the "Representative").   3.10 Shareholder Approval.   (a) GPP
shall promptly take all steps necessary to either: (i) cause a special
meeting of its shareholders (the "Special Meeting") to be duly called,
noticed, convened and held as soon as practicable for the purposes of voting
to approve this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby and all
matters related thereto; or (ii) obtain the unanimous written consent of
its shareholders to this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby and
all matters related thereto (the "Consent Action"). In connection with the
Special Meeting or the Consent Action, the Board of Directors of GPP shall,
subject to its fiduciary duties, unanimously recommend to the shareholders
that the shareholders vote in favor of the approval of this Agreement, the
transactions contemplated hereby and all matters related thereto, and the
members of the Board of Directors shall use their reasonable best efforts to
secure the required approval of the shareholders, including voting any of
their shares in favor of such approval.   (b) In connection with the
Special Meeting or the Consent Action, GPP will prepare such notices and
other documentation as may be required by Law to be furnished to the
shareholders, which shall include, without limitation: (i) a copy of this
Agreement; (ii) information, notices and forms relating to a shareholder\'s
appraisal rights as required by the DGCL; and (iii) subject to its fiduciary
duties, the unanimous recommendation of GPP\'s Board of Directors that the
shareholders approve this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby
as soon as practicable and, in any event, no later than the time required by
Law and GPP\'s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws.   (c) The
Indemnifying Shareholder hereby irrevocably agrees:   (i) to vote all shares
of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Indemnifying Shareholder or over
which the Indemnifying Shareholder otherwise exercises voting control as of
the date hereof or at any time hereafter in favor of this Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby;   - 24 -   
33    (ii) to not sell, transfer, assign or otherwise dispose of any
shares of Common Stock other than in connection with the Merger; and   (iii)
to not grant any proxy (other than for the approvals described above) with
respect to any shares of Common Stock.   3.11 HSR and Foreign Competition
Filings. Briggs and GPP have filed with the Federal Trade Commission and the
Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice notifications required to be
filed under the HSR Act. Prior to making any communication, written or oral,
with the Federal Trade Commission or the Antitrust Division of the Department
of Justice with respect to this Agreement or the Merger, Briggs and GPP shall
consult with each other with respect thereto. Briggs and GPP shall consult
with each other and cooperate in all reasonable respects in connection with
any actions required to be taken under foreign competition Laws in connection
with the transactions to be consummated pursuant to this Agreement.   3.12
Notes.   (a) Tender Offer. Following the date hereof, GPP may cause the LLC
and GPPW to undertake an issuer tender offer (the "Tender Offer") with the
intention of retiring substantially all of the outstanding Notes as of
the Effective Time of Merger on such terms and conditions as are
reasonably acceptable to GPP and Briggs. If a Tender Offer is commenced, J.P.
Morgan Securities Inc. and Goldman, Sachs and Co. shall act as joint dealer
managers in connection with such Tender Offer. Any Tender Offer effected
pursuant to this Section 3.12 shall be conducted in compliance with all
applicable Laws.   (b) Cost. The Shareholders shall be responsible
for seventy-five percent (75%) of the after-tax cost (using Briggs\'s then
effective tax rate) of all fees, expenses and other out-of-pocket costs
incurred in connection with any Tender Offer, including without limitation
any "Consent Payment" or similar payment provided for in the Tender Offer
documentation ("Tender Costs"), and Briggs shall be responsible for twenty-
five percent (25%) of such after-tax Tender Costs. The portion of the Tender
Costs for which the Shareholders are responsible as set forth herein (unless
paid prior to the Effective Time of Merger) shall be Transaction Costs for
purposes of this Agreement.   (c) Payments. Until the Notes are retired in
full, the Shareholders shall pay to Briggs an amount equal to: (i) seventy-
five percent (75%) of the after-tax cost (using Briggs\'s then effective tax
rate) over and above the principal amount of Notes retired, which cost shall
include, without limitation, any applicable pre-payment premiums, incurred in
connection with the retirement of such Notes after the Effective Time of
Merger; plus (ii) one hundred percent (100%) of the after-tax spread (using
Briggs\'s then effective tax rate) between the stated interest rate on the
outstanding Notes and 8.5% per annum. For purposes of this Section 3.12(c),
if the Notes are not fully retired by July 1, 2002, the parties will effect
the provisions hereof as if the Notes then outstanding are fully retired on
such date at the call price of 107.625%. Any payment made to Briggs under
this Section 3.12(c) shall first be made out of    - 25 -    34   the
escrow fund maintained by the Escrow Agent. Thereafter, Briggs shall have the
right to either set off any amount due against the Earnout or recover
such amount from the Shareholders, who shall then have the right to be
reimbursed from the Earnout payment available for distribution to the
Shareholders, if any, for any amount so paid before such Earnout payment is
distributed to the Shareholders pursuant to Section 2.7(b)(z) or (c).
Thereafter, or in the event Briggs chooses to recover such amount from the
Earnout and no Earnout is payable pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.7
of this Agreement, the Shareholders shall be responsible for the remaining
amount due. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Shareholders
shall not be required to pay to Briggs any portion of a pre-payment premium
that is in excess of the premium that the issuers of the Notes would be
required to pay in order to call the Notes as of July 1, 2002 pursuant to the
terms of the Notes (i.e., 7.625%).   (d) Limitation. Subject to Section
10.1(a) as it relates to a representation or warranty in Article IV regarding
the Notes and Section 10.1(e) as it relates to a Tender Offer and except as
provided in Sections 3.12(b) and (c), after the Effective Time of Merger the
Shareholders shall not have any obligation or liability with respect to,
arising out of, or in connection with, the Notes, including without
limitation any liability to any third party for any violation of any
applicable Law arising out of the retirement of the Notes.   3.13
Collection of Accounts. Following the Effective Time of Merger, Briggs shall
cause GPP and the Affiliates to use commercially reasonable efforts to
collect the Accounts in a manner consistent with Briggs\'s practices with
respect to its own accounts; provided, however, Briggs shall not be required
to threaten or commence litigation or to take other extraordinary means in
order to collect such Accounts; provided further that, in no event
shall Briggs settle, write-off or discount such Account without the prior
written consent of the Representative. If any Account is not collected by
Briggs before June 30, 2002, then upon receipt of notice thereof delivered by
Briggs to the Representative the Shareholders shall pay to Briggs the amount
of such uncollected Account, net of any reserve established therefor on the
Closing Balance Sheet. In exchange for any such payment, Briggs shall assign
and transfer to the Representative, free and clear of Liens, the Account for
which payment was made and thereafter the Representative shall have the sole
right to collect such Account for the benefit of the Shareholders. Any
payment made to Briggs under this Section 3.13 shall first be made out of the
escrow fund maintained by the Escrow Agent. Thereafter, Briggs shall have the
right to either set off any amount due against the Earnout or recover such
amount from the Shareholders, who shall then have the right to be reimbursed
from the Earnout payment available for distribution to the Shareholders, if
any, for any amount so paid before such Earnout payment is distributed to the
Shareholders pursuant to Section 2.7(b)(z) or (c). Thereafter, or in the
event Briggs chooses to recover such amount from the Earnout and no Earnout
is payable pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.7 of this Agreement, the
Shareholders shall be responsible for the remaining amount due.   3.14
Obsolete Inventory. If on June 30, 2002 Briggs determines that any of the
Inventory is obsolete based upon the criteria set forth on EXHIBIT 8, Briggs
shall give the Representative written notice that such Inventory is obsolete
and the Shareholders shall pay to Briggs the value of such Inventory, net of
any reserve established therefor on the Closing Balance Sheet. GPP shall
thereafter use reasonable commercial efforts to sell such Inventory    - 26
-    35   and shall pay the proceeds from any such sale to the
Shareholders. Any payment made to Briggs under this Section 3.14 shall first
be made out of the escrow fund maintained by the Escrow Agent. Thereafter,
Briggs shall have the right to either set off any amount due against the
Earnout or recover such amount from the Shareholders, who shall then have the
right to be reimbursed from the Earnout payment available for distribution to
the Shareholders, if any, for any amount so paid before such Earnout payment
is distributed to the Shareholders pursuant to Section 2.7(b)(z) or (c).
Thereafter, or in the event Briggs chooses to recover such amount from the
Earnout and no Earnout is payable pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.7
of this Agreement, the Shareholders shall be responsible for the remaining
amount due.   3.15 Director and Officer Indemnification. For a period of
six (6) years from the Effective Time of Merger, Briggs shall cause all
rights to indemnification by GPP and any Affiliate now existing in favor of
each present and former director, officer, employee, agent or representative
of GPP and any Affiliate as provided in GPP\'s or such Affiliate\'s
certificate of incorporation or bylaws (or both) or pursuant to other
instruments or agreements in effect on the date hereof which are set forth in
the Disclosure Schedule, to survive the Closing and to continue in full force
and effect.   3.16 Certain Financing Matters. Subject to the availability
of adequate financing therefor, at the Closing, Briggs shall: (a) retire the
zero coupon notes of the LLC (the "Zero Coupon Notes") held by the
Indemnifying Shareholder issued pursuant to the Unit Purchase Agreement dated
as of November 20, 2000 between the LLC, the Company and the Indemnifying
Shareholder at the accreted value of the principal amount of such notes; and
(b) retire the credit facility under the Credit Agreement dated as of July 9,
1998, as amended, among LLC, the Company, GPPW, Bankers Trust Company, as
administrative agent, and the various banks from time to time parties
thereto. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to be a waiver
by the Indemnifying Shareholder of any rights it may have in connection with
the Zero Coupon Notes.   3.17 Estoppel Certificates. Prior to Closing, GPP
shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain an estoppel certificate in
form and substance reasonably acceptable to Briggs from each owner of each
parcel of Real Property not owned by GPP or an Affiliate.   3.18 Pay-Out
Letters. Prior to Closing, GPP shall provide such assistance as Briggs may
reasonably request in obtaining pay-out letters for any Indebtedness of GPP
or an Affiliate other than the Notes.   3.19 Title Policy. GPP shall provide
such affidavits as may be customary and required for Briggs to obtain the
title policy described in Section 8.14 hereof.    - 27 -     
36    ARTICLE IV   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF GPP   GPP hereby
represents and warrants to Briggs and Acquisition that:   4.1 Organization;
Business.   (a) Organization; Qualification. GPP is a corporation duly and
validly organized and existing in good standing under the Laws of the
State of Delaware. GPPD is a corporation duly and validly organized and
existing in good standing under the Laws of the State of Delaware. GPPW is a
corporation duly and validly organized and existing in active status under
the Laws of the State of Wisconsin. LLC is a limited liability company duly
and validly organized and existing in good standing under the Laws of the
State of Delaware. GPP has no Subsidiaries other than the Affiliates. GPP and
the Affiliates are each duly qualified to do business as a foreign
corporation or limited liability company, as the case maybe, and are in good
standing or active status, as the case may be, in all jurisdictions in which
either the ownership or use of their respective assets or the operation of
their respective businesses requires such qualification, except where the
failure to be so qualified would not have a Material Adverse Effect.   (b)
Power. GPP and each Affiliate has full corporate power and authority and all
material franchises, permits, licenses, approvals, authorizations,
registrations, grants and orders necessary to carry on their respective
businesses as now conducted and to own, lease and operate their respective
assets and properties.   (c) Properties. GPP and each Affiliate own or have
the right to use all material property, real or personal, tangible or
intangible, which is necessary for the operation of their respective
businesses as currently conducted and as currently contemplated to be
conducted.   (d) Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws; Officers
and Directors. Copies of the Certificate or Articles of Incorporation, as the
case may be, and Bylaws of GPP, GPPD and GPPW, and copies of the Certificate
of Formation and Operating Agreement of LLC, complete and correct as of the
date of this Agreement, have been delivered to Briggs. The Disclosure
Schedule contains complete and accurate list of the directors and officers
(with an identification of the offices held) of GPP.   4.2 Ownership;
Capitalization.   (a) Capitalization and Ownership. The Disclosure
Schedule sets forth: (i) the entire authorized capital stock of GPP, GPPD and
GPPW, and the entire authorized membership interests of LLC; (ii) the name of
each shareholder of GPP, GPPD and GPPW and of each member of LLC; (iii) the
number of shares of Common Stock of GPP owned by or available under Warrant
to each Shareholder, the number and type of shares of capital stock of   
- 28 -    37   GPPD and GPPW owned by each shareholder thereof and the
number and type of membership interests owned by each member of LLC; and (iv)
the percentage of GPP owned by each Shareholder on a fully diluted basis (the
"Pro-Rata Portion"). No shares of Preferred Stock are issued or outstanding.
Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedule, no shares of Common Stock of
GPP, no shares of capital stock of GPPD or GPPW, and no membership interests
of LLC are issued or outstanding. Except as set forth in the Disclosure
Schedule, no shares of capital stock of GPP, GPPD or GPPW and no membership
interests of LLC are reserved for issuance or are held in treasury.   (b)
Outstanding Capital Stock. All of the outstanding capital stock of GPP, GPPD
and GPPW and all of the outstanding membership interests of LLC are duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Except for this
Agreement or as set forth in the Disclosure Schedule, there are no options,
warrants, conversion rights, subscriptions or other agreements or
understandings relating to the capital stock of GPP, GPPD or GPPW or any
membership interests of LLC.   (c) Options. The Disclosure Schedule sets
forth the number of Options outstanding, the holder of each outstanding
Option, the number of shares of Common Stock subject to each Option, an
indication of the portion of each Option that is vested and the exercise
price of each Option.   4.3 Authorization; Enforceability.   (a) GPP. The
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by GPP and all of the
documents and instruments required by this Agreement to be executed,
delivered and performed by GPP are within the corporate power of GPP and have
been duly authorized by the Board of Directors. Except for obtaining the
approval of the shareholders of GPP, no other corporate or shareholder
approval or proceeding on the part of GPP is necessary to authorize this
Agreement or the other documents and instruments to be executed and delivered
by GPP pursuant hereto or the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby.   (b) Enforceability. This Agreement is, and the
other documents and instruments required by this Agreement to be executed
and delivered by GPP will be, when executed and delivered by GPP, the legal,
valid and binding obligations of GPP, enforceable against GPP in accordance
with their respective terms, subject to the effects of bankruptcy,
insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other
similar laws relating to or affecting creditors\' rights generally, general
equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law)
and an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing.   4.4 No Violation
or Conflict.   (a) No Violation. Except as set forth on the
Disclosure Schedule, the execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement by GPP do not and will not, directly or indirectly (with or without
notice or lapse of time):    - 29 -    38    (i) contravene,
conflict with or violate the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of GPP,
or violate any Law;   (ii) contravene, conflict with, violate or breach
any provision, or give any Person the right to declare a default or exercise
any remedy under, or to accelerate the maturity or performance of, or to
cancel, terminate or modify, any material Existing Contract; or   (iii)
result in the imposition or creation of any Lien upon or with respect to any
material assets of GPP or an Affiliate.   (b) Consents. Except as set forth
in the Disclosure Schedule, neither GPP nor any Affiliate will be required to
give any notice to or obtain any consent or approval from any Person or any
governmental or regulatory authority in connection with the execution and
delivery of this Agreement or the consummation or performance of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   4.5 Financial Information;
Books and Records.   (a) Financial Statements. GPP has delivered to Briggs
all of the Financial Information. The Financial Information fairly presents
in all material respects the financial condition and the results of
operations of GPP and the Affiliates as at the respective dates thereof and
for the periods referred to therein, all in accordance with GAAP subject, in
the case of the interim financial statements, to: (i) audit adjustments (the
effect of which is not expected to be materially adverse); and (ii) the
absence of footnotes thereto (that, if presented, would not be expected to
differ materially from those included in the most recent audited balance
sheet).   (b) Corporate Books. The minute books and other records of GPP
and the Affiliates, all of which have been made available to Briggs,
are complete and correct in all material respects.   (c) Accounting Books.
The accounting books and records of GPP and the Affiliates: (i) are correct
and complete in all material respects; and (ii) are maintained in a manner
consistent with past practice.   (d) Bank Accounts. The Disclosure Schedule
sets forth the name of each bank or other financial institution at which GPP
or an Affiliate maintains an account, safe deposit box or lockbox or with
which GPP or an Affiliate has an arrangement for safekeeping and the type and
number of each such account and the authorized signatures with respect
thereto.   4.6 Assets.   (a) Title. Except as set forth in the Disclosure
Schedule, GPP and the Affiliates own good and valid title to or have valid
leasehold or other interest in all of their respective material assets, free
and clear of any and all Liens except: (a) the Existing Liens on   - 30
-    39   the date of this Agreement; and (b) the Permitted Liens on the
Closing Date. GPP and the Affiliates are in possession of, and have control
of, their respective assets. Except as set forth on the Disclosure Schedule,
no material asset of GPP or an Affiliate is leased, rented, licensed or
otherwise not owned by GPP or such Affiliate.   (b) Real Property and
Equipment. The Real Property and Equipment, taken as a whole, are in good
operating condition and repair and are adequate in all material respects for
the uses for which they are being put, normal wear and tear excepted. The
Disclosure Schedule contains a true and complete list of all Real
Property.   (c) Investments. Except for the Existing Investments, neither
GPP nor any Affiliate owns, or has any right to acquire, any
material Investment, nor does GPP or any Affiliate have any obligation to
acquire any Investment.   (d) Systems. GPP\'s and the Affiliates\'
management information systems do not contain any defects which would have a
Material Adverse Effect.   (e) U.K. Property. With respect to the U.K.
Property:   (i) Where the title requires registration at H.M.
Land Registry, the U.K. Property has been duly registered with title absolute
and LLC is the registered proprietor; or if where title to the U.K. Property
does not require registration at H.M. Land Registry, there is no caution
registered against first registration and no event has occurred in
consequences of which registration should have been effected.   (ii) There
is no material agreement, obligation, event, or other matter that is
registered or, to the Knowledge of GPP, although not registered, is capable
of registration, as a local land charge, land charge, caution, inhibition or
notice.   (iii) Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedule, to
the Knowledge of GPP, there is no circumstance which would entitle any third
party to exercise a right or power of entry or to take possession, or which
would in any other way adversely affect or restrict its continued possession,
enjoyment or use for the purposes of carrying on the business of GPP and the
Affiliates.   (f) Grants. No asset used in the U.K. Business has
been acquired with the assistance of any governmental, local
governmental, quasi-governmental or regulatory grant, subsidy or aid or is
held on terms that any such grant, subsidy or aid is due to be repaid or
reimbursed in any circumstances.   4.7 Contingent and Undisclosed
Liabilities. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedule and except
pursuant to the deposit and collection of checks in the ordinary course of
business, neither GPP nor an Affiliate has guaranteed or become a surety for
or is otherwise contingently liable for the obligations of any other Person.
To the Knowledge of GPP, neither GPP nor an Affiliate has any material
liabilities, obligations or indebtedness (whether absolute, accrued,
contingent or otherwise), other than those which: (a) are reflected,
reserved    - 31 -   40   against or disclosed in the financial
statements which are a part of the Financial Information or in the Disclosure
Schedule; or (b) arose or were incurred in the ordinary course of business
since February 24, 2001 and which are consistent in amount and character with
past practices and are not required to be disclosed pursuant to this
Agreement or the Disclosure Schedule.   4.8 Taxes. Except as set forth in
the Disclosure Schedule:   (a) Tax Returns. GPP and the Affiliates have
timely (taking into account, if applicable, any extensions properly
requested) and properly filed all material federal, state, local and foreign
tax returns (including but not limited to income, business, franchise, sales,
payroll, employee withholding and social security and unemployment) which
were required to be filed by them. Neither GPP nor any Affiliate has received
a claim or other notice in writing, or to the Knowledge of GPP, any oral
claim or notice, from any jurisdiction in which it does not file a tax return
that GPP or such Affiliate is or may be subject to taxes assessed by such
jurisdiction. GPP and the Affiliates have paid or made adequate provision, in
reserves reflected in the Financial Information in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, for the payment of all material taxes
(including interest and penalties) and withholding amounts owed by it or
assessable against it. All tax returns filed by GPP or an Affiliate were
complete and correct in all material respects. No tax deficiencies have been
proposed or assessed in writing or, to the Knowledge of GPP, orally, against
GPP or an Affiliate and GPP and the Affiliates have made available true and
correct copies of all of their tax returns and any work papers relating
thereto requested by Briggs.   (b) Extensions. Neither GPP nor an Affiliate
has consented to any extension of the statute of limitations with respect to
any open tax returns.   (c) Tax Liens. There are no tax Liens upon any
property or assets of GPP or an Affiliate except for Liens for current taxes
not yet due and payable.   (d) Tax Examinations. No examination or audit of
any tax return or report of GPP or an Affiliate for any period not barred by
the applicable statute of limitations has occurred, no such examination is
in progress and, to the Knowledge of GPP, no such examination or audit is
planned. Neither GPP nor an Affiliate has received from the Internal Revenue
Service or other taxing authority any notice in writing or, to the Knowledge
of GPP, orally, of underpayment of taxes, assessment of additional taxes or
other deficiency which has not been paid, except for such matters as are
being disputed in good faith. Neither GPP nor an Affiliate has granted a
power of attorney with respect to any matter relating to Taxes.   (e)
Employment Taxes. GPP and the Affiliates have properly withheld and timely
paid all withholding and employment taxes which they were required to
withhold and pay relating to salaries, compensation and other amounts
heretofore paid to or benefits provided to their employees or
other Persons.   (f) Tax Sharing Agreements. Neither GPP nor an Affiliate
is a party to any agreement relating to, or has any potential liability under
or with respect to, any tax allocation, tax sharing or tax
indemnification agreement or similar arrangement. Neither GPP    - 32
-    41   nor any Affiliate has any liability for taxes of any kind of
any Person (other than GPP or any Affiliate) under any contract or under
Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of Law) as a
transferee or successor or otherwise.   (g) Excess Parachute Payments.
Neither GPP nor an Affiliate is bound by any contract, agreement, plan,
arrangement or understanding that could result, on account of the Merger,
separately or in the aggregate, in any payment (nor have any payments been
made) that would not be deductible by reason of Section 280G of the Code or
applicable Law of the United Kingdom.   (h) Consolidated Group. Neither GPP
nor an Affiliate is or has been a member of an affiliated group (within the
meaning of Section 1504(a) of the Code) filing a consolidated federal income
tax return, or any similar group defined under a similar provision of
applicable state, local or foreign Law filing a consolidated, combined or
unitary income tax return, except for a group the common parent of which is
GPP.   (i) Tax Rulings. Neither GPP nor an Affiliate has applied for any
tax ruling, entered into a closing agreement with any tax authority, filed a
consent under Section 341(f) of the Code or agreed to have Section 341(f)(2)
of the Code apply to any disposition of a subsection (f) asset (as defined in
Section 341(f)(4) of the Code) owned by GPP or an Affiliate.   (j) Real
Estate Holding Company. Neither GPP nor an Affiliate has been a United States
real property holding corporation with the meaning of Section 897(c)(2) of
the Code.   (k) Tax Exempt Property; etc. None of the assets of GPP or an
Affiliate are treated as "tax-exempt use property" within the meaning
of Section 168(h) of the Code or secure any debt the interest of which is
exempt from tax under Section 103 of the Code. Neither GPP nor an Affiliate
has been the "distributing corporation" (within the meaning of Section
355(c)(2) of the Code) with respect to a transaction described in Section 355
of the Code. Neither GPP nor an Affiliate have participated in an
international boycott as defined in Section 999 of the Code. Neither GPP nor
an Affiliate has agreed, nor are any of them required, to make any adjustment
under Section 481(a) of the Code or similar provision of any tax law by
reason of change in accounting method or otherwise. GPP and the Affiliates
are in compliance with the terms and condition of any applicable tax
exemption, tax agreement or tax order to which they may be subject and the
consummation of the Merger will not have an adverse impact on such
compliance.   (l) Stamp Duties. All documents to which GPP or an
Affiliate was a party as a purchaser, lessee, assignee or other transferee
and which are in the possession or under the control of GPP on its Affiliates
or to the production of which GPP and its Affiliates are entitled which are
necessary to establish the title of GPP or its Affiliates to any asset and
which, in the United Kingdom or elsewhere, attract either stamp duty or
require to be stamped with a particular stamp denoting that no duty is
chargeable or that the document has been produced to the appropriate
authority, have been properly stamped; and no such documents which are
outside the United Kingdom would attract stamp duty if they were brought into
the United Kingdom.    - 33 -     42    (m) U.K. Taxation.   (i)
Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedule, GPP and its Affiliates have
paid all United Kingdom National Insurance and Graduated Pension
Contributions for which they are liable and have maintained proper books and
records relating thereto.   (ii) Neither GPP nor any of its Affiliates has
been party to any transaction, scheme or arrangement such that Section 30 of
the United Kingdom Taxation of Chargeable Gains Act 1982 (value shifting) has
or, to the Knowledge of GPP, may or will have effect in relation to the
disposal of an asset by GPP or its Affiliates.   (iii) Neither GPP nor its
Affiliates has, since February 24, 2001, done or omitted to do or agreed to
do, or permitted to be done, any act as a result of which there may be made a
balancing charge under the United Kingdom Capital Allowances Act 1990 or a
withdrawal of first year allowances or recovery of excess relief within
Section 46 or Section 47 Capital Allowances Act 1990.   (iv) Neither GPP nor
its Affiliates have incurred expenditure on the provision of machinery or
plant for leasing (the meaning of which is, for this purpose, as extended by
Section 50 of the Capital Allowances Act 1990).   (v) Neither GPP nor its
Affiliates have made any election under Section 37 Capital Allowances Act
1990 (short life assets) nor are they taken to have made such an election
under subsection (8)(c) thereof.   (vi) Neither GPP nor its Affiliates have
been subject to any inquiry by any tax authority in relation to the price at
which goods or services are sold or provided to any connected party.  
(vii) Neither GPP nor its Affiliates has, since April 1, 2000, acquired any
asset from any other Person (including another member of the GPP Group) which
was, at the time of such acquisition, a member of the same group of companies
for United Kingdom tax purposes as GPP and/or the Affiliates.   (n) U.K.
VAT.   (i) LLC is a registered and taxable person for the purposes of the
United Kingdom\'s Value Added Tax Act 1994 and it neither is nor has
ever been treated as a member of a group for the purposes of Section 43 Value
Added Tax Act 1994. Neither GPP or any other Affiliate is required to be
so registered.   (ii) GPP and the Affiliates: (A) have each complied with
and observed in all material respects the terms of the Value Added Tax Act
1994 and Section 10 of the Finance Act 1985 and all regulations made or
notices issued thereunder and has maintained    - 34 -    43   and
obtained correct and up-to-date records, invoices and other records (as
the case may be) appropriate or requisite for the purposes thereof; and (B)
are not in arrears with any payments or returns or notifications under such
legislation, regulations or notices or liable to any abnormal or no-routing
payment or any forfeiture or penalty or interest or surcharge provisions
contained therein.   (iii) Neither GPP nor an Affiliate is nor has agreed
to become, an agent, manager or factor (for the purposes of Section 47 of the
Value Added Tax Act 1994) of any Person who is not resident in the United
Kingdom.   (iv) Neither GPP nor its Affiliates holds any interest in any
buildings or land in respect of which any of them or any other Person
has made an election to waive the exemption to value added tax in accordance
with the provisions of paragraph 2 of Schedule 10 to the Value Added Tax Act
1994, nor is GPP or an Affiliate contractually committed (contingently or
otherwise) to receive any supply in respect of which such an election has
been made.   4.9 Absence of Certain Changes. Except as set forth in
the Disclosure Schedule, since February 24, 2001, there has been no Material
Adverse Effect; and since February 24, 2001 through the date of this
Agreement, neither GPP nor an Affiliate has:   (a) declared or paid or set
aside the payment of any dividend or any distribution in respect of its
capital stock or directly or indirectly redeemed, purchased or otherwise
acquired any such stock;   (b) been a party to any transaction or entered
into any material contract outside the ordinary course of business, except
for the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;   (c) issued any
shares of capital stock or securities convertible into any capital stock;  
(d) incurred any Indebtedness;   (e) sold, assigned, transferred or leased
any material asset, except in the ordinary course of business;   (f)
granted or made, or promised to grant or make, any bonus or wage or salary
increase to any member of senior management or any increase in any Existing
Plan;   (g) suffered any material damage, destruction or loss, whether or
not covered by insurance;   (h) made any change in any accounting method or
policy; or   (i) amended its charter documents.   - 35 -    44    
4.10 Existing Plans.   (a) Existing Plans. The Disclosure Schedule contains
a complete and accurate list of all Existing Plans. Except for the Existing
Plans, neither GPP nor an Affiliate maintains or is bound by any Employee
Benefit Plan. All of the Existing Plans are in compliance (or have been
brought into compliance) in all material respects with all applicable Laws
including ERISA and the Code. All of the Existing Plans which are intended to
meet the requirements of Section 401(a) of the Code have been determined by
the Internal Revenue Service to be "qualified" within the meaning of the
Code, and there are no facts which would adversely affect the qualified
status of any of the Existing Plans. Neither GPP nor an Affiliate has an
announced plan or legally binding commitment to create any additional
Employee Benefit Plan or to amend or modify any Existing Plan.   (b) ERISA.
There is no accumulated funding deficiency, within the meaning of ERISA or
the Code, in connection with the Existing Plans or any other benefit plan
sponsored by GPP or any affiliate of GPP, as determined under Sections
414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code (herein referred to as an "ERISA
Affiliate"), and no reportable event, as defined in ERISA, has occurred in
connection with the Existing Plans. The Existing Plans have not, nor, to the
Knowledge of GPP, has any trustee or administrator of the Existing Plans,
engaged in any non-exempt prohibited transaction as defined in Section 406 or
407 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code that could result in any material
liability to GPP, and no event or omission has occurred in connection with
any Existing Plan which could have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither GPP nor
any ERISA Affiliate is contributing to, nor has GPP or any ERISA
Affiliate ever contributed to or been obligated to contribute to, any multi-
employer plan, as defined in ERISA.   (c) Terminated Plans. The Disclosure
Schedule describes any Employee Benefit Plan subject to ERISA that has been
terminated and the status of such Plan, the distribution or retention of
monies with respect to such Plan, and any further obligations of such Plan or
GPP in connection therewith. Any past Employee Benefit Plan subject to ERISA
that has been terminated was done so in material compliance with all
applicable Laws.   (d) Existing Plans. With respect to each Employee
Benefit Plan:   (i) Any Existing Plan that is intended to qualify
under Section 401(a) of the Code meets in all material respects the
requirements for qualification under Section 401(a) of the Code and the
regulations thereunder, and GPP has provided Briggs with a copy of the most
recent favorable determination letter issued by the Internal Revenue Service
concerning the Plan\'s qualification. Each such Existing Plan has been
administered in all material respects in accordance with its terms and, to
the Knowledge of GPP, no matter exists which would adversely affect the
qualified tax-exempt status of such Existing Plan and any related trust.  
(ii) With respect to each Existing Plan: (A) all payment due from GPP or an
Affiliate have been made and all amounts accrued to date as liabilities by
GPP or an Affiliate which have not been paid have been properly recorded as
liabilities on the books of   - 36 -    45   GPP or such Affiliate;
(B) all reports and information relating to each such Existing Plan required
to be filed with any governmental entity have been accurately and timely
filed; (C) all reports and information relating to each such Existing Plan
required to be disclosed or provided to participants or their beneficiaries
have been timely disclosed or provided; (D) each trust related to any
Existing Plan which is a voluntary employee beneficiary association
pursuant to Section 501(c)(9) of the Code has received a favorable
determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service with respect to its
tax-exempt status, and nothing has occurred since the date of such letter
that has or is likely to adversely affect such qualification or exemption;
(E) no event has occurred or circumstance exists that could result in a
material increase in premium costs of any Existing Plan that is insured or a
material increase in benefit costs of any Existing Plan that is self-insured;
and (F) to the Knowledge of GPP, no fiduciary of an Existing Plan has
committed a breach of any responsibility or obligation imposed upon
fiduciaries under Title I of ERISA with respect to such Existing Plan.  
(iii) There has been delivered or made available to Briggs, with respect to
each Existing Plan the following: a copy of the annual report (if required
under ERISA) with respect to each such Existing Plan for the last three years
(including all schedules and attachments); a copy of the summary plan
description, together with each summary of material modifications,
required under ERISA with respect to such Existing Plan; all material
employee communications relating to such Existing Plan; a true and complete
copy of such Existing Plan; all trust agreements, insurance contracts,
accounts or other documents which establish the funding vehicle for any
Existing Plan and the latest financial statements thereof; any investment
management agreements, administrative services contracts, or other agreements
and documents relating to the ongoing administration and investment of any
Existing Plan.   (iv) With respect to each such Existing Plan for which
an annual report has been filed and delivered to Briggs, no material adverse
change has occurred with respect to the matters covered by the latest such
annual report since the date thereof.   (v) There are no actions, suits,
proceedings, investigations or hearings pending with respect to any Existing
Plan or, to the Knowledge of GPP, any claims (other than claims for benefits
arising in the ordinary course of an Existing Plan) threatened against or
with respect to any Existing Plan or any fiduciary or assets thereof, and
there are no facts which could reasonably give rise to any such actions,
suits, proceedings, investigations, hearings or claims.   (vi) The
consummation of the Merger will not: (A) entitle any current or former
employee of GPP or an Affiliate to severance pay, unemployment compensation
or other payment; or (B) accelerate the time of payment or vesting, or
increase the amount of compensation due to any such employee or former
employee.   (vii) No Existing Plan provides benefits, including
without limitation, death or medical benefit (whether or not insured) beyond
retirement or other termination of service other than: (A) coverage mandated
by applicable Law; (B) death or retirement benefits under any Existing Plan
that is an employee benefit pension plan; or (C)    - 37 -   
46   deferred compensation benefits that are accrued as liabilities on the
books of GPP or an Affiliate or disability benefits under any employee
welfare benefit plan.   (e) U.K. Pensions.   (i) GPP is not providing and
has not at any time provided or promised to provide ex gratia pensions or
other benefits in respect of any person.   (ii) The Disclosed Scheme is a
money purchase scheme as defined in section 181(1) of the Pension Scheme Act
1993 and all contributions due to date have been paid.   (iii) The
Disclosed Scheme is approved as a personal pension scheme (within the meaning
of Chapter IV of Part XIV of the Income and Corporation Taxes Act 1988) and,
to the Knowledge of GPP, there is not any reason why such approval will or
may cease.   (iv) No company or employer other than LLC participates or has
participated in the Disclosed Scheme.   (v) No payment of assets from the
Disclosed Scheme has at any time been made to GPP or any current or previous
participating employer in the Disclosed Scheme.   (vi) For purposes hereof,
"Disclosed Scheme" means the Generac Group Personal Pension Plan insured by
the Standard Life Assurance Company.   4.11 Compliance with Law.   (a)
Operations. The present and past operation of the business of GPP and the
Affiliates is and has been in material compliance with all Existing Permits
and Laws. To the Knowledge of GPP, neither GPP nor an Affiliate is currently
the subject of an inspection or inquiry regarding violations or alleged
violations of any Law by any foreign, federal, state, local or other
governmental agency.   (b) Events. To the Knowledge of GPP, no event has
occurred or circumstance exists that (with or without notice or lapse of
time): (i) is reasonably likely to constitute or result in a violation by GPP
or an Affiliate of, or a failure on the part of GPP or an Affiliate to comply
with, any material Existing Permit or Law; or (ii) is reasonably likely to
give rise to any obligation on the part of GPP or an Affiliate to undertake,
or to bear all or any portion of the cost of, any material remedial action of
any nature.   (c) Existing Permits. The Disclosure Schedule contains
a complete and accurate list of each Existing Permit. Each material
Existing Permit is valid and in full force and effect, and such material
Existing Permits collectively constitute all of the permits, licenses,
approvals, qualifications, permissions or authorizations necessary to permit
GPP and the Affiliates to lawfully conduct and operate its business in the
manner currently conducted and    - 38 -    47   to permit GPP and
the Affiliates to own and use their respective assets in the manner in which
they currently own and use such assets.   (d) Notice of Official Action.
Neither GPP nor any Affiliate has in relation to the U.K. Business received
any process, notice or communication, by or on behalf of the Office of Fair
Trading, the Secretary of State for Trade and Industry, the Competition
Commission, the European Commission or any other authority of any country
having jurisdiction in anti-trust matters, in relation to any aspect of the
U.K. Business or any agreement or arrangement to which GPP or any Affiliate
is or was a party, and, to the Knowledge of GPP, neither GPP nor any
Affiliate is likely to receive any such process, notice or communication.  
4.12 Litigation. Except for the Existing Litigation: (a) there is no
litigation, suit, arbitration, citation, action, proceeding or governmental
investigation or claim of any kind pending or, to the Knowledge of GPP,
proposed or threatened, against or relating to GPP or an Affiliate, nor,
to the Knowledge of GPP, is there any reasonable basis for any such action
which is reasonably likely to be successful on the merits; (b) to the
Knowledge of GPP, there is no inquiry pending or threatened against GPP by
any foreign, federal, state, local or other governmental agency or regulatory
authority; and (c) as of the date of this Agreement, there is no action, suit
or proceeding pending or, to the Knowledge of GPP, proposed or threatened,
against GPP or an Affiliate by any Person which questions the legality,
validity or propriety of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
Neither GPP nor an Affiliate is subject to any order or ruling of any
governmental entity which materially effects the operation to the business of
GPP or an Affiliate.   4.13 Existing Contracts. The Disclosure Schedule
contains a complete and accurate list of, and GPP has delivered or made
available to Briggs true and complete copies of, the Existing Contracts. The
Existing Contracts are the only Contracts to which GPP or an Affiliate is a
party or by which GPP or an Affiliate is bound under which GPP or such
Affiliate has a remaining performance obligation (excluding those Contracts
which may be cancelled by GPP or an Affiliate, as the case may be, at its
option without any penalty and on no more than thirty (30) days\' notice) and
which:   (a) involve the performance of services or delivery of goods or
materials by GPP or an Affiliate of an amount or value in excess of
$50,000 in any 12-month period;   (b) involve the performance of services
or delivery of goods or materials to GPP or an Affiliate of an amount or
value in excess of $50,000 in any 12-month period;   (c) was not entered
into in the ordinary course of business and involves expenditures or receipts
of GPP or an Affiliate in excess of $50,000 in any 12-month period;   (d)
is a lease, rental or occupancy agreement, license, installment or
conditional sale agreement, or other Contract affecting the ownership of,
leasing of, title to, use of, or any leasehold or other interest in, any real
or personal property (except personal property    - 39 -   
48   leases and installment and conditional sales agreements having a value
per item or aggregate payments of less than $50,000 and with terms of less
than one year);   (e) except for "shrink-wrap" software licenses
and agreements obtained in the ordinary course of business with current or
former employees, consultants, or contractors regarding the nondisclosure of
any Intangible Assets, is a Contract with respect to material Intangible
Assets;   (f) is a joint venture, partnership or other similar Contract
(however named) involving a sharing of profits, losses, costs, or liabilities
by GPP or an Affiliate with any other Person;   (g) contains covenants that
purport to restrict the business activity of GPP or an Affiliate or limit the
freedom of GPP or an Affiliate to engage in any line of business or to
compete with any Person or otherwise restricts the right of GPP or an
Affiliate to use or disclose any information in its possession;   (h)
provides for payments to or by any Person based on sales, purchases, or
profits, other than direct payments for goods;   (i) is a power of attorney
that is currently effective and outstanding;   (j) was entered into other
than in the ordinary course of business and contains or provides for an
express undertaking by GPP or any Affiliate to be responsible for
consequential damages;   (k) is a Contract for capital expenditures in
excess of $100,000;   (l) is a warranty, guaranty or other similar
undertaking with respect to contractual performance extended by GPP or an
Affiliate other than in the ordinary course of business;   (m) is a union
labor, trade union, staff association or similar contract relating to the
representation of employees of GPP or an Affiliate;   (n) is a management,
consulting, personal service, agency or other similar contract or contracts
providing for the rendition of services and which: (i) is in writing; or (ii)
provides for any commission, bonus, profit sharing, incentive, retirement,
consulting or additional compensation; or (iii) contains any termination or
severance pay obligations or liabilities;   (o) is a material agreement for
the storage, transportation, treatment or disposal of any hazardous waste or
hazardous byproduct;   (p) other than Existing Plans, is an agreement with
any director, officer, employee or shareholder of GPP or an Affiliate;   
- 40 -     49    (q) is an agreement with any dealer, distributor,
sales representative or manufacturer\'s representative for any of the
products of GPP or an Affiliate;   (r) is any other agreement which: (A)
involves an amount in excess of $50,000 (per annum in the case of multi-year
agreements); or (B) is not in the ordinary course of business;   (s) is an
agreement to borrow, a note or other evidence of any Indebtedness of GPP or
an Affiliate;   (t) is a material agreement with any material vendor
or supplier to GPP or an Affiliate; or   (u) is any other or agreement that
is material, either in amount or significance, to the ongoing operation of
GPP or an Affiliate.   4.14 Performance of Contracts. Each material Existing
Contract is in full force and effect and is valid and is enforceable against
GPP or the appropriate Affiliate, and to the Knowledge of GPP, against the
other party thereto, in accordance with its terms. Except as set forth on the
Disclosure Schedule:   (a) GPP and the Affiliates are in compliance with
all applicable terms and requirements of each material Existing Contract in
all material respects;   (b) each other Person that has or had any
obligation or liability under any material Existing Contract is, to the
Knowledge of GPP, in compliance with all applicable terms and requirements of
such material Existing Contract;   (c) to the Knowledge of GPP, no event
has occurred or circumstance exists that (with or without notice or lapse of
time) is reasonably likely to contravene, conflict with, or result in a
violation or breach of, or give GPP, an Affiliate or other Person the right
to declare a default or exercise any remedy under, or to accelerate the
maturity or performance of, or to cancel, terminate, or modify, any material
Existing Contract;   (d) neither GPP nor an Affiliate has given to or
received from any other Person any written notice or has obtained Knowledge
of any other communication (whether oral or written) regarding any actual or
alleged violation or breach of, or default under, any material Existing
Contract; and   (e) as of the date of this Agreement, there are
no renegotiations of any significant amounts paid or payable to or by GPP or
an Affiliate under current or completed material Contracts with any Person
other than in the ordinary course of business and, to the Knowledge of GPP,
no such Person has made written demand for such renegotiation.   - 41
-    50    4.15 Existing Insurance Policies.   (a) Deliveries. The
Disclosure Schedule contains a complete and accurate list of all Existing
Insurance Policies. GPP has delivered to Briggs true and complete copies of
the Existing Insurance Policies, all pending applications by GPP for an
insurance policy and any statement by the auditor of the GPP Group\'s
financial statements with regard to the adequacy of the insurance coverage
provided by the Existing Insurance Policies.   (b) Cancellation. As of the
date of this Agreement, neither GPP nor an Affiliate has received: (i) any
refusal of coverage or notice that a defense will only be afforded with a
reservation of rights; or (ii) except for those policies which GPP or an
Affiliate chose not to renew, any notice of cancellation or any other
indication that any insurance policy is no longer in full force and effect or
will not be renewed or that the issuer of any such policy is not willing or
able to perform its obligations thereunder.   4.16 Environmental
Protection.   (a) Definitions. As used in this Agreement:   (i)
"Environmental Claim" shall mean any and all administrative, regulatory or
judicial actions, suits, demands, demand letters, directives, claims, Liens,
investigations proceedings or notices of noncompliance or violation (written
or oral) by any Person alleging potential liability (including, without
limitation, potential liability for enforcement, investigatory costs, cleanup
costs, governmental response costs, removal costs, remedial costs, natural
resources damages, property damages, personal injuries or penalties) arising
out of, based on or resulting from: (A) the presence, or release into the
environment, of any Environmental Hazardous Materials at any location,
whether or not owned by GPP or an Affiliate; or (B) to the Knowledge of GPP,
circumstances forming the basis of any violation or alleged violation, of any
applicable Environmental Law; or (C) any and all claims by any Person seeking
damages, contribution, indemnification, cost recovery, compensation
or injunctive relief resulting from the presence or Environmental Release of
any Environmental Hazardous Materials.   (ii) "Environmental Hazardous
Materials" shall mean: (A) any petroleum or petroleum products, radioactive
materials, asbestos in any form, urea formaldehyde foam insulation, and
transformers or other equipment that contain dielectric fluid containing
levels of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and radon gas; and (B) any
chemicals, materials or substances which are defined as or included in the
definition of "hazardous substances," "hazardous wastes," "hazardous
materials," "extremely hazardous wastes," "restricted hazardous wastes,"
"toxic substances," "toxic pollutants," or words of similar import, under any
Environmental Law; and (C) any other chemical, material, substance or waste,
exposure to which is prohibited, limited or regulated by any
governmental authority because of its impact on human health or the
environment.   (iii) "Environmental Laws" shall mean all Laws relating
to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including,
without limitation,    - 42 -    51   ambient air, surface water,
ground water, drinking water, wildlife, plants, land surface or subsurface
strata), including, without limitation, Laws relating to Environmental
Releases or threatened Environmental Releases of Environmental Hazardous
Materials, or otherwise relating to the manufacture,
processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or
handling of Environmental Hazardous Materials.   (iv) "Environmental
Permits" shall mean all environmental, health and safety permits and
governmental authorizations.   (v) "Environmental Release" shall mean any
release, spill, emission, leaking, injection, deposit, disposal, discharge,
dispersal, leaching or migration into the atmosphere, soil, surface water or
groundwater.   (b) Compliance. Except as described on the
Disclosure Schedule, GPP and the Affiliates: (i) are in substantial
compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws; and (ii) have not received
any communication (written or oral) that alleges that GPP or an Affiliate is
not or was not in substantial compliance with applicable Environmental
Laws.   (c) Environmental Permits. Except as described on the Disclosure
Schedule, GPP and the Affiliates have obtained all Environmental Permits
necessary for its operations, and all such permits are in good standing and
GPP and the Affiliates are in substantial compliance with all terms
and conditions of such Environmental Permits.   (d) Environmental Claims.
Except as described on the Disclosure Schedule, there is no Environmental
Claim pending or, to the Knowledge of GPP, threatened, against GPP or an
Affiliate, or to the Knowledge of GPP, against any Person whose liability for
any Environmental Claim GPP or an Affiliate has retained or assumed either
contractually or by operation of Law, or against any real or personal
property or operation which GPP or an Affiliate owns, leases or operates,
nor, to the Knowledge of GPP, is there any reasonable basis for any such
Environmental Claim.   (e) Environmental Releases. Except as described on
the Disclosure Schedule, there have been no Environmental Releases of
any Environmental Hazardous Material by GPP or an Affiliate or any employee
or agent of GPP or Affiliate, or to the Knowledge of GPP, by any Person on
real property owned, used, leased or operated by GPP or an Affiliate which in
each case would result in a liability of GPP or such Affiliate.   (f)
CERCLA. Except as described on the Disclosure Schedule, none of the Real
Property is currently listed on the National Priorities List or the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability
Information System, both promulgated under the Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended ("CERCLA"), or
on any comparable state list, and neither GPP nor an Affiliate has received
any written notice from any Person under or relating to CERCLA or any
comparable state or local Law.   - 43 -    52    (g) Off Site
Locations. Except as described on the Disclosure Schedule, to the Knowledge
of GPP, no off-site location at which GPP or an Affiliate has disposed or
arranged for the disposal of any waste is listed on the National Priorities
List or on any comparable state list and neither GPP nor an Affiliate has
received any written notice from any Person with respect to any off-site
location, of potential or actual liability or a written request
for information from any Person under or relating to CERCLA or any comparable
state or local Law.   (h) Environmental Hazardous Materials. Except as
described on the Disclosure Schedule, there is not and has not been any
Environmental Hazardous Materials used, generated, treated, stored,
transported, disposed of, handled or otherwise existing on, under or about
the Real Property, except for quantities of any such Environmental Hazardous
Materials stored or otherwise held on, under or about the Real Property in
substantial compliance with all Environmental Laws and intended to be used in
the operation of the business of GPP or an Affiliate.   (i) Tanks. Except
as described on the Disclosure Schedule, there is not now, and to the
Knowledge of GPP, has not been in the past any underground or above-ground
storage tank or pipeline on the Real Property, and to the Knowledge of GPP,
there has been no Environmental Release from or rupture of any such tank or
pipeline, including, without limitation, any Environmental Release from or in
connection with the filling or emptying of such tank.   (j) Scope.
Notwithstanding the generality of any other representations and warranties in
this Agreement, the representations and warranties in this Section 4.16 shall
be deemed the only representations and warranties in this Agreement with
respect to matters relating to Environmental Laws or to Environmental
Hazardous Materials.   4.17 Labor Matters.   (a) Proprietary Rights.
Except as set forth on the Disclosure Schedule, to GPP\'s Knowledge, no
employee of GPP or an Affiliate is a party to any confidentiality,
noncompetition, or proprietary rights agreement, between such employee or GPP
or an Affiliate on the one hand and any other Person on the other hand.
Except as disclosed on the Disclosure Schedule, to the Knowledge of GPP, no
Person listed in Section 1.47 hereof intends to terminate employment with GPP
or such Affiliate prior to the Effective Time of Merger.   (b) Strikes; etc.
Except as set forth on the Disclosure Schedule, there has not been, there is
not presently pending or existing, and, to the Knowledge of GPP, there is not
threatened: (i) any strike, lockout, slowdown, picketing, work stoppage or
other general labor dispute; (ii) any material charge, grievance, proceeding,
complaint or other claim against or affecting GPP or an Affiliate relating to
the alleged violation of any Law pertaining to labor relations or employment
matters, including any charge or complaint filed by an employee or union with
the National Labor Relations Board, the Equal Employment Opportunity
Commission, the Equal Opportunities Commission, the Commission for Racial
Equity or any comparable governmental body, organizational activity, or other
labor or employment dispute    - 44 -    53   against or affecting
GPP or an Affiliate; or (iii) any application for certification of a
collective bargaining agent.   (c) Events. To the Knowledge of GPP, no event
has occurred in the past twelve months or circumstance currently exists that
is reasonably likely to provide the basis for any work stoppage or other
general labor dispute. To the Knowledge of GPP, there have been no union
organizing events in the past twelve months. There is no lockout of any
employees of GPP or an Affiliate by GPP or such Affiliate pending, and no
such action is currently contemplated by GPP or an Affiliate.   (d) Claims.
There are no pending or, to the Knowledge of GPP, threatened claims (whether
under Law, under any employee agreement or otherwise) by a present or former
employee (temporary or permanent) of GPP or an Affiliate on account of or
for: (i) overtime pay, other than overtime pay for the current payroll
period; (ii) wages or salaries, other than wages or salaries for the current
payroll period; (iii) vacations, sick leave, time off or pay in lieu of
vacation, sick leave or time off, other than vacation, sick leave or time off
(or pay in lieu thereof) earned in the twelve-month period
immediately preceding the date of this Agreement; or (iv) any other matter
relating to such person\'s employment at GPP or the Affiliate.   (e)
Unemployment Compensation. To the Knowledge of GPP and the Affiliates have
made all required payments to its unemployment compensation reserve accounts
with the appropriate governmental departments and such accounts have positive
balances.   4.18 Brokers. Except for fees payable to J.P. Morgan Securities
Inc. or any of its affiliates, which shall be the sole responsibility of the
Shareholders, neither any member of the GPP Group nor any Shareholder
has incurred any brokers\', finders\' or any similar fee in connection with
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   4.19 Disclosure. To the
Knowledge of GPP, Briggs has been furnished with complete and accurate copies
(however delivered, whether in paper form, on computer disk or otherwise) or
originals of all documents and/or information requested by Briggs. To the
Knowledge of GPP, no statement of fact by GPP contained in this Agreement,
the Disclosure Schedule (including any supplement thereto) or any document to
be furnished pursuant to this Agreement omits or will omit to state a
material fact necessary in order to make the statements herein or therein
contained, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made
(including all other matters disclosed), not misleading. Notwithstanding
anything that could be construed to the contrary in this Agreement, GPP makes
no representation or warranty regarding any financial projections provided by
it to Briggs.   4.20 Intangible Assets.   (a) Disclosure Schedule. The
Disclosure Schedule contains a complete and accurate list and brief
description or other identification of all United States and foreign patents,
patent applications, registered trademarks, trademark applications,
registered service marks, service mark applications, registered copyrights,
copyright applications and   - 45 -    54   Internet domain names
owned by GPP or an Affiliate, and all material licenses pursuant to which GPP
or an Affiliate authorizes the use of any of the foregoing by another Person
or pursuant to which GPP or an Affiliate is authorized to use any of the
foregoing owned by another Person.   (b) Ownership. GPP or an Affiliate owns
or has the right to use Intangible Assets necessary to conduct their
respective business as now conducted.   (c) Validity; Infringement. To the
Knowledge of GPP, none of the material registrations or applications included
in the Intangible Assets is invalid or unenforceable and there are no claims,
demands or proceedings pending or threatened by any Person contesting or
challenging GPP\'s or an Affiliate\'s right to use any of the Intangible
Assets. There are no patents, trademarks, trade names, copyrights, software,
trade secrets or other proprietary information owned by a Person other than
GPP or an Affiliate which GPP or an Affiliate is using without license to do
so.   4.21 Product Matters. The Disclosure Schedule describes: (a) any
obligation or liability of GPP or an Affiliate in excess of $10,000 which
is based upon any express or implied warranty relating to any product
produced, sold or shipped by GPP or an Affiliate; (b) to the Knowledge of
GPP, any product recall or any other material obligation or liability of GPP
or an Affiliate which is based upon death, disease or injury to Person or
property relating to any product produced, sold or shipped by GPP or an
Affiliate; and (iii) any exclusivity or protected arrangements applicable to
products produced, sold or shipped by GPP or an Affiliate.   4.22
Customers; Suppliers; Certifications.   (a) Customers. The Disclosure
Schedule sets forth a list of the top ten (10) customers of the GPP Group,
taken as a whole, by dollar volume of sales, for the last two completed
fiscal years.   (b) Suppliers. The Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list
of the top twenty (20) suppliers of the GPP Group, taken as a whole, by
dollar volume of purchases, for the last completed fiscal year.   (c)
Certifications. The Disclosure Schedule contains a description of each
material third-party quality or other certification required by Law. Except
as disclosed on the Disclosure Schedule, GPP and the Affiliates are in
material compliance with all such certifications.   4.23 Relationships with
Related Parties. Except as set forth on the Disclosure Schedule, no
Shareholder and no director, officer or manager of GPP or an Affiliate has
any interest in any property (whether real, personal, or mixed and whether
tangible or intangible), used by GPP or an Affiliates. No Shareholder and no
director, officer or manager of GPP or an Affiliate owns (of record or as a
beneficial owner) an equity interest or any other financial or profit
interest in, a Person that: (a) has ongoing material business dealings or a
material financial interest in ongoing transactions with GPP or an
Affiliate; or (b) is engaged in competition with GPP or an Affiliate with
respect to any line of the products or services of GPP or an Affiliate
(a    - 46 -    55   "Competing Business") in any market presently
served by GPP or an Affiliate except for less than one percent of the
outstanding capital stock of any Competing Business that is publicly traded
on any recognized exchange or in the over-the-counter market. Except as set
forth on the Disclosure Schedule, no Shareholder or any director, officer or
manager of GPP or an Affiliate is a party to any Contract with, or has any
claim or right against, GPP or an Affiliate, other than in such Person\'s
capacity as a director, officer or employee and to the extent any such Person
has appraisal rights under the DGCL as a result of the transactions described
in this Agreement.   4.24 Real Property.   (a) Real Property. The parcels
included in the Real Property: (i) constitute all real property and
improvements owned, leased or used by GPP or an Affiliate; (ii) to the
Knowledge of GPP, are not in possession of any adverse possessors; (iii) are
not subject to any leases or tenancies of any kind (except for any Existing
Contract); (iv) have access to and from a public road or street and, to the
Knowledge of GPP, there is no pending or threatened restriction or denial of
such access; (v) are used in a manner which is materially consistent with and
permitted by applicable zoning ordinances and other Laws without special use
approvals or permits; (vi) are, and have been since the date of possession
thereof by GPP or an Affiliate, in the peaceful possession of GPP or such
Affiliate; (vii) are served in all material respects by all water, sewer,
electrical, telephone, drainage and other utilities required for normal
operations of the businesses of GPP as presently conducted; (viii) are not
located in a flood plain, wetland or similar restricted area such that it
would hinder the use of the Real Property in the operation of GPP\'s or an
Affiliate\'s business as presently conducted; and (ix) require no
material work or improvements to bring them into compliance with any
applicable Law.   (b) Notices. To the Knowledge of GPP, there are no:
(i) planned or contemplated public improvements which may result in
special assessments against the Real Property or which may adversely affect
the availability of utility service to the Real Property; or (ii) increases
or contemplated increases in the assessed value of the Real Property which
would increase the estimated real estate taxes therefor.   (c) Options.
Neither GPP nor any Affiliate has the option or right to purchase any real
estate and no other Person has an option or right to purchase any Real
Property owned by GPP or an Affiliate.   (d) Fire Certificate. A fire
certificate has been issued in respect of the U.K. Property where requisite
and there are no material conditions attaching thereto or any recommendations
or requirements of the local fire authority that have not been
implemented.   (e) Outgoings. The U.K. Property is not subject to
the payment of any outgoings other than non-domestic or water rates (and in
the case of leaseholds, sums reserved by the relevant lease) and all material
outgoings have been duly paid to date, and none is in dispute.   (f)
Planning. With respect to the U.K. Property:    - 47 -     56    (i)
No planning permission has been given subject to materially onerous
conditions or on a temporary or personal basis and no permission is suspended
or remains unimplemented in whole or in part and no planning application has
been submitted which awaits determination.   (ii) The U.K. Property is not
subject to or affected by any agreement under section 106 of the Town and
Country Planning Act 1990, section 33 of the Local Government (Miscellaneous
Provisions) Act 1982 or any legislation of a similar nature, nor is the U.K.
Property the subject of a notice of entry and no proposals have been
published for its compulsory acquisition.   (iii) There is no material
breach of condition notice, planning contravention notice, stop notice or
enforcement notice or injunction under section 187(B) of the Town and Country
Planning Act 1990 affecting the U.K. Property.   4.25 Data Protection.  
(a) GPP has made all necessary notifications under Data Protection Act 1998
in relation to the U.K. Business in respect of all personal data processed by
it or has the benefit of an existing subsidiary registration under the Data
Protection Act 1984 in respect of such processing.   (b) Neither GPP nor any
Affiliate has in relation to the U.K. Business received an Enforcement Notice
under either the Data Protection Act 1984 or 1998, or any draft of such a
notice, nor any other communication from the Data Protection Commissioner or
from any other person indicating any breach or alleged breach of the Data
Protection Act 1984 or 1998 and to the Knowledge of GPP there are no
circumstances which are likely to give rise to any such notice, or letter
being served or made.   (c) No individual has been awarded compensation from
GPP or any Affiliate in relation to the U.K. Business under the Data
Protection Acts 1984 or 1998, no such claim is outstanding and to the
Knowledge of GPP there are no circumstances which are likely to give rise to
any claim for compensation being made.   (d) GPP and the Affiliates have in
relation to the U.K. Business either complied in all material respects with
requests under the Data Protection Acts 1984 and 1998 from data subjects for
access or changes to or deletions of personal data or has validly refused
such requests on the basis of an exemption under the Data Protection Acts
1984 or 1998 and no such requests are outstanding.   ARTICLE V  
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF INDEMNIFYING SHAREHOLDER   The
Indemnifying Shareholder hereby represents and warrants to Briggs that:   
- 48 -   57    5.1 Organization; Business. The Indemnifying Shareholder
is a limited partnership duly and validly organized and existing and in good
standing under the Laws of the State of Delaware. The general partner of the
Indemnifying Shareholder is Beacon Focus Value Fund Investors, LLC.   5.2
Authorization; Enforceability. The execution, delivery and performance of
this Agreement by the Indemnifying Shareholder and all of the documents and
instruments required by this Agreement to be executed and delivered by the
Indemnifying Shareholder are within the partnership power of the Indemnifying
Shareholder and have been duly authorized by all necessary action by the
Indemnifying Shareholder. This Agreement is, and the other documents and
instruments required by this Agreement to be executed and delivered by the
Indemnifying Shareholder will be, when executed and delivered by the
Indemnifying Shareholder, the valid and binding obligations of
the Indemnifying Shareholder, enforceable against the Indemnifying
Shareholder in accordance with their respective terms, subject to the effects
of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium
and other similar laws Relating to or affecting creditors\' rights generally,
general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or
at law) and an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing.   5.3 No
Violation or Conflict. The execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement by the Indemnifying Shareholder do not and will not conflict with
or violate any Law, the charter documents of the Indemnifying Shareholder or
any contract or agreement to which the Indemnifying Shareholder is a party or
by which the Indemnifying Shareholder is bound.   5.4 Ownership. The
Indemnifying Shareholder owns good and marketable title to the number of
shares of Common Stock as set forth in the Disclosure Schedule, and will
transfer such number of shares of Common Stock as of the Closing Date free
and clear of any Liens. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedule, the
Indemnifying Shareholder has not granted any proxy or other stock power with
respect to, or entered into any type of voting agreement or other
stockholders agreement relating to, the shares of GPP capital stock or any
Warrant owned by it.   ARTICLE VI   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
BRIGGS   Briggs hereby represents and warrants to GPP that:   6.1
Organization; Business. Briggs is a corporation duly and validly organized
and existing in active status under the Laws of the State of Wisconsin.
Acquisition is a corporation duly and validly organized and existing in good
standing under the Laws of the State of Delaware.   - 49 -     58   
6.2 Authorization; Enforceability. The execution, delivery and performance of
this Agreement by each of Briggs and Acquisition and all of the documents and
instruments required by this Agreement to be executed and delivered by Briggs
and Acquisition, as the case may be, are within the corporate power of Briggs
and Acquisition, respectively, and have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action by Briggs and Acquisition, as the case may be. This
Agreement is, and the other documents and instruments required by this
Agreement to be executed and delivered by each of Briggs and Acquisition will
be, when executed and delivered by Briggs and Acquisition, as the case
may be, the valid and binding obligations of Briggs and Acquisition, as the
case may be, enforceable against Briggs and Acquisition in accordance with
their respective terms, subject to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency,
fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws
relating to or affecting creditors\' rights generally, general equitable
principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law) and an
implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing.   6.3 No Violation or
Conflict. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Briggs
and Acquisition do not and will not conflict with or violate any Law, the
Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of Briggs, the Certificate of
Incorporation or Bylaws of Acquisition or any contract or agreement to which
Briggs or Acquisition is a party or by which Briggs or Acquisition is
bound.   6.4 Brokers. Except for fees payable to Goldman, Sachs and
Co., which shall be the sole responsibility of Briggs, Briggs has not
incurred any brokers\', finders\' or any similar fee in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   6.5 Consents and Approvals.
Except as disclosed on Schedule 6.5, no consent or approval from any Person
or any governmental or regulatory authority is required in connection with
the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by each of Briggs
and Acquisition.   6.6 Financing. The letter and related attachments
(including any terms sheets) delivered to GPP, or other information provided
to GPP, prior to the date hereof regarding Briggs\'s ability to obtain
financing sufficient to consummate the transactions to occur at the Closing
as described in this Agreement are true and correct copies of such documents.
Briggs is not aware of any fact or circumstance that makes it reasonably
likely that it will not obtain such financing or alternative financing in a
similar amount.   6.7 Litigation. There is no litigation, suit,
arbitration, action, proceeding or governmental investigation or claim of any
kind pending or, to the knowledge of Briggs, proposed or threatened against
Briggs which questions the legality, validity or propriety of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   - 50 -    59   
ARTICLE VII   CONDUCT OF BUSINESS BY GPP PENDING THE MERGER   From and
after the date of this Agreement and until the Effective Time of Merger, GPP
shall, and shall cause the Affiliates to:   7.1 Conduct Business in the
Ordinary Course. Conduct their businesses in the ordinary course and
substantially in the same manner as heretofore, and manage working capital in
the ordinary course of business.   7.2 Use of Assets. Use, operate, maintain
and repair all of their material assets and properties in the ordinary course
consistent with past practices.   7.3 No Default. Not do any act or omit to
do any act that will cause a breach of any of the material Existing
Contracts.   7.4 Existing Insurance Policies. Maintain all of the
Existing Insurance Policies in full force and effect, except to the extent
any non-maintenance thereof would be in the ordinary course of business.  
7.5 Employment Matters. Not: (a) except as described in the Disclosure
Schedule or in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice,
grant any increase in the rate of pay of any of the employees of GPP or an
Affiliate; (b) institute or amend any Employee Benefit Plan; (c) enter into
or modify any written employment arrangement with any Person; or (d) take any
action to establish any "stay bonus" plan or arrangement or any new severance
or termination pay program.   7.6 Contracts and Commitments. Not enter into
any material contract or commitment or engage in any material transaction not
in the usual and ordinary course of business and consistent with its normal
practices and not sell or dispose of any material capital asset. The purchase
of Real Property, the grant of an exclusive license under any of GPP\'s or an
Affiliate\'s Intangible Assets and the execution of any brand licensing
agreement shall be deemed to be material events not in the ordinary course of
business.   7.7 Preservation of Relationships . Use its
reasonable commercial efforts to preserve its business organization intact,
to retain the services of its present officers and key employees and to
preserve the goodwill of suppliers, customers, creditors and others having
material business relationships with GPP or an Affiliate.   7.8 Compliance
with Laws. Comply in all material respects with all applicable Laws.   7.9
Taxes. Timely (taking into account any extensions that may properly be
requested) and properly file all federal, state, local and foreign tax
returns which are required to be filed, and pay or make provision for
the payment of all taxes owed by it.    - 51 -    60     7.10
Indebtedness. Not create, incur or assume any Indebtedness, other than in
connection with borrowings under existing revolving credit facilities in the
ordinary course of business.   7.11 Amendments. Not amend its charter
documents.   7.12 Issuance of Stock or Membership Interests. Other
than upon the exercise of Options and Warrants outstanding on the date
hereof, not issue any additional shares of stock or membership interests of
any class or grant any options, warrants or rights to subscribe for or
acquire any additional shares of stock or membership interests of any
class.   7.13 Dividends; Redemption. Not: (a) declare or pay any dividend
or make any capital or surplus distributions of any kind; or (b) directly or
indirectly redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire any of its capital stock; or
(c) recapitalize or reclassify any of its capital stock or liquidate in whole
or in part.   7.14 No Dispositions or Acquisitions. Not: (a) sell,
lease, license, encumber or otherwise dispose of, or agree to sell, lease,
license, encumber or otherwise dispose of, any of its material assets except
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; or (b)
acquire, or publicly propose to acquire or agree to acquire, by merger or
consolidation with, or by purchase or otherwise, an equity interest in, or
all or any portion of the assets of, any Person.   7.15 Capital
Expenditures. Not make unplanned capital expenditures in excess of $200,000
in the aggregate for GPP and the Affiliates.   ARTICLE VIII   CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT TO THE OBLIGATIONS  OF BRIGGS AND ACQUISITION   Each and every
obligation of Briggs and Acquisition to be performed on the Closing Date
shall be subject to the satisfaction prior to or at the Closing of the
following conditions precedent:   8.1 Compliance with Agreement. GPP and the
Indemnifying Shareholder shall have performed and complied: (a) in all
respects with all of their respective obligations under Sections 2.6(b), 3.5
and 3.10 of this Agreement which are to be performed or complied with by them
prior to or on the Closing Date; and (b) in all material respects with all of
their other obligations under this Agreement which are to be performed or
complied with by them prior to or on the Closing Date.   8.2 No Injunction
or Restraints; Illegality; Litigation.    - 52 -    61    (a) No
temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other
order by any court of competent jurisdiction or other legal restraint or
prohibition preventing the consummation of the Merger (an "Injunction") shall
be in effect. There shall not be any action taken, or any statute, rule,
regulation or order enacted, entered, enforced or deemed applicable to the
Merger, by any governmental authority which makes the consummation of the
Merger illegal.   (b) No suit, action or other proceeding that is
reasonably likely to be successful on the merits shall be pending before any
court in which the relief requested is to restrain, enjoin or prohibit the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   8.3
Representations and Warranties of GPP and the Indemnifying Shareholder. The
representations and warranties made by GPP in Sections 4.1, 4.2 and 4.3 of
this Agreement and the representations and warranties made by
the Indemnifying Shareholder in Sections 5.2 and 5.4 of this Agreement shall
be true and correct in all respects when made and as of the Closing Date
(unless such representations or warranties relate to a specific earlier date,
in which case, such representations and warranties shall be true and correct
in all respects as of such earlier date) with the same force and effect as
though said representations and warranties had been made at such times; and
all of the other representations and warranties made by GPP in Article IV and
by the Indemnifying Shareholder in Article V of this Agreement shall be true
and correct in all material respects when made and as of the Closing Date
(unless such representations or warranties relate to a specific earlier date,
in which case, such representations and warranties shall be true and correct
in all material respects as of such earlier date) with the same force and
effect as though said representations and warranties had been made at such
times. The parties agree that: (a) any failure of a representation or
warranty to be true and correct solely as a result of actions taken by GPP or
an Affiliate in compliance with their obligations pursuant to Article VII
will not result in the condition set forth in this Section 8.3 being
unsatisfied; and (b) for purposes of the condition set forth in this Section
8.3, a representation or warranty will be deemed to have changed in a
material respect as a result of a Disclosure Schedule Change only if the
Disclosure Schedule Change reflects a material substantive change, regardless
of whether the quantity of items listed on the relevant Disclosure Schedule
has materially increased or decreased.   8.4 No Material Adverse Effect.
During the period from the date of this Agreement to the Closing Date, there
shall not have occurred, and there shall not exist on the Closing Date, a
Material Adverse Effect.   8.5 HSR Act Waiting Period and Foreign
Competition Filings. All applicable waiting periods related to the HSR Act
shall have expired. All necessary filings shall have been made and applicable
waiting periods shall have expired, lapsed or been terminated under
applicable foreign competition Laws, and all authorizations, consents and
approvals thereunder that are required to consummate the transactions set
forth in this Agreement shall have been obtained.   - 53 -    62   
8.6 Consents and Approvals. All material consents, approvals and waivers that
are required to effect the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall
have been received and, if obtained by GPP, executed counterparts thereof (if
available) shall have been delivered to Briggs at or prior to Closing.  
8.7 Shareholder Approval. The Merger shall have been approved by the
requisite vote of the shareholders of GPP and the number of Dissenting Shares
shall not exceed 5% of the number of issued and outstanding shares of Common
Stock.   8.8 Certificate of Merger. At the Closing, the Certificate
of Merger shall have been filed with the Delaware Secretary of State.   8.9
Closing Deliveries. At the Closing, GPP shall deliver to Briggs the following
documents, in each case duly executed or otherwise in proper form:   (a)
the GPP Closing Certificate;   (b) the GPP Counsel Opinion;   (c)
certified copies of the resolutions of the Board of Directors and the
shareholders of GPP, authorizing and approving this Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;   (d) the
Escrow Agreement and Paying Agent Agreement;   (e) an affidavit of GPP and
any Affiliate owning real property stating that such Person is not a "foreign
person", as defined in Section 1445(f)(3) of the Code;   (f) a copy of the
Certificate or Articles of Incorporation of GPP, GPPD and GPPW, as the case
may be, and a copy of the Certificate of Organization of LLC certified by the
appropriate jurisdiction of incorporation; and a copy of the Bylaws of GPP,
GPPD and GPPW and of the Operating Agreement of LLC certified by the
secretary or other appropriate officer of GPP and each Affiliate,
respectively;   (g) incumbency certificates relating to each
person executing any document executed and delivered to Briggs by GPP or an
Affiliate pursuant to the terms hereof;   (h) resignations of each director
of each Affiliate;   (i) a certificate of the Chief Financial Officer of
GPP, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Briggs, certifying
that: (A) the Existing Indebtedness, excluding revolving credit loans, is
less than $194,000,000;   (j) good standing certificates (or their
equivalent) for GPP and each Affiliate; and    - 54 -    63     (k)
such other documents, instruments or writings reasonably required to be
delivered to Briggs at or prior to the Closing pursuant to this Agreement and
such other certificates of authority and documents as Briggs may reasonably
request.   8.10 [Intentionally Omitted.]   8.11 Financing. No material
adverse change shall have occurred in the credit markets or overall financing
environment.   8.12 Shareholders and Option Agreements. Any agreement
between some or all of the Shareholders relating to the ownership of the
capital stock of GPP or the management or operation of GPP or an Affiliate
shall have been terminated without obligation by GPP and evidence of such
termination shall have been delivered to Briggs. GPP shall have delivered to
Briggs true and correct copies of the agreements with Option holders
described in Section 2.4(c).   8.13 Securities Law Compliance. Briggs shall
have reasonably concluded, based on the advice of its counsel and
questionnaires to be provided by the Shareholders, that its offer and sale to
each Shareholder of such Shareholder\'s Pro-Rata Portion of the Earnout
payment described in Section 2.7 does not require registration or
qualification under applicable securities Laws and all actions required by
such Laws with respect thereto shall have been taken.   8.14 Title Policy.
At Closing, Briggs shall have received a title policy for each parcel of Real
Property in the United States owned by GPP or an Affiliate which is in an
amount required by Briggs or its lenders, insuring that title to such Real
Property is in accordance with this Agreement and which includes such
endorsements and affirmative coverages as Briggs or its lenders reasonably
require.   8.15 Employment Contract. The LLC shall have entered into
an employment contract with Mr. Claus Peter Schmidt on terms consistent with
the LLC\'s current engagement of Mr. Schmidt and reasonably acceptable to
Briggs.   8.16 Environmental and Branch Registration Matters. GPP
shall have:   (a) retained a consultant to assist it in bringing
its United Kingdom facility into compliance with applicable Environmental
Laws, subject to the reasonable approval of Briggs as to the selection of
the consultant and the scope of work to be taken by the consultant, which
compliance issues are identified in that certain report described in Section
1.67(b);   (b) retained a consultant to assist it in bringing its German
service center into compliance with applicable Environmental Laws, subject to
the reasonable approval of Briggs as to the selection of the consultant and
the scope of work to be taken by the consultant, in connection with such
service center\'s current petrol handling and disposal practices;   - 55
-    64    (c) taken all steps necessary to obtain a storm water
permit for its Jefferson, Wisconsin facility; and   (d) registered LLC with
the appropriate Registrar of Companies pursuant to the U.K. Companies
Act.   ARTICLE IX   CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF GPP  
Each and every obligation of GPP to be performed on the Closing Date shall be
subject to the satisfaction prior to or at the Closing of the following
conditions precedent:   9.1 Compliance with Agreement. Briggs and
Acquisition shall have performed and complied in all material respects with
all of their obligations under this Agreement which are to be performed or
complied with by them prior to or on the Closing Date.   9.2 No Injunction
or Restraints; Illegality; Litigation.   (a) No Injunction shall be in
effect. There shall not be any action taken, or any statute, rule, regulation
or order enacted, entered, enforced or deemed applicable to the Merger, by
any governmental authority which makes the consummation of the Merger
illegal.   (b) No suit, action or other proceeding that is
reasonably likely to be successful on the merits shall be pending before any
court in which the relief requested is to restrain, enjoin or prohibit the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   9.3
Representations and Warranties of Briggs. The representations and warranties
made by Briggs in Section 6.2 of this Agreement shall be true and correct in
all respects when made and as of the Closing Date (unless such
representations or warranties relate to a specific earlier date, in which
case, such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in
all respects as of such earlier date) with the same force and effect as
though said representations and warranties had been made at such times; and
all of the other representations and warranties made by Briggs in Article VI
of this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects when
made and as of the Closing Date (unless such representations or warranties
relate to a specific earlier date, in which case, such representations and
warranties shall be true and correct in all respects as of such earlier date)
with the same force and effect as though said representations and warranties
had been made at such times.   9.4 Consents and Approvals. All material
consents, approvals and waivers that are required to effect the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement shall have been received unless the failure to
obtain any such consent, approval or waiver could only result in a claim for
money damages and Briggs shall have agreed to forego obtaining such
consent,   - 56 -    65   approval or waiver and shall have also
agreed to indemnify the Shareholders for Losses incurred by the Shareholders
in respect of the failure to obtain such consent, approval or waiver.   9.5
HSR Act Waiting Period and Foreign Competition Filings. All applicable
waiting periods related to the HSR Act shall have expired and all required
filings and other actions pursuant to foreign competition laws shall have
been made. All necessary filings shall have been made and applicable waiting
periods shall have expired, lapsed or been terminated under
applicable foreign competition Laws, and all authorizations, consents and
approvals thereunder that are required to consummate the transactions set
forth in this Agreement shall have been obtained.   9.6 Shareholder
Approval. The Merger shall have been approved by the requisite vote or
consent of the shareholders of GPP.   9.7 Certificate of Merger. At the
Closing, the Certificate of Merger shall have been filed with the Delaware
Secretary of State.   9.8 Estimated Cash Amount. Briggs shall have made the
payments required by Section 2.5(a) of this Agreement.   9.9 Deliveries. At
the Closing, Briggs and Acquisition shall deliver to GPP the following
documents, in each case duly executed or otherwise in proper form:   (a)
the consents, approvals and waivers required by Section 9.4 hereof which
Briggs was required to obtain;   (b) the Briggs Closing Certificate;   (c)
the Briggs Counsel Opinion;   (d) certified copies of the resolutions of the
Board of Directors of Briggs and of the Board of Directors and shareholder
of Acquisition, authorizing and approving this Agreement and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;   (e) the Escrow
Agreement and Paying Agent Agreement;   (f) a copy of the Certificate or
Articles of Incorporation of each of Briggs and Acquisition certified by the
appropriate jurisdiction of incorporation and a copy of the Bylaws of each of
Briggs and Acquisition certified by the secretary or other appropriate
officer of Briggs and Acquisition, as the case may be;   (g) incumbency
certificates relating to each person executing any document executed and
delivered by Briggs or Acquisition pursuant to the terms hereof;   (h) good
standing certificates (or their equivalent) for Briggs and Acquisition;
and    - 57 -    66     (i) such other documents, instruments or
writings reasonably required to be delivered to GPP at or prior to the
Closing pursuant to this Agreement and such other certificates of authority
and documents as GPP may reasonably request.   ARTICLE X  
INDEMNITIES   10.1 Indemnity by Shareholders . To induce Briggs
and Acquisition to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the Merger,
GPP has agreed, and by approving this Agreement the Shareholders shall have
agreed that, subject to the provisions of this Section 10.1 and the other
Sections of this Article X, from and after the Closing Date the Shareholders
shall indemnify and hold Briggs harmless from and against, and agree to
promptly defend Briggs from and reimburse Briggs for, any and all losses,
damages, costs, expenses, liabilities, obligations and claims of any kind
(including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys\' fees and other
reasonable legal costs and expenses, including without limitation, those
incurred in connection with any suit, action or other proceeding, but
excluding lost profits and any punitive or consequential damages other than
punitive damages incurred with respect to a third party claim and any losses
that have been reflected in a reduction of the Cash Amount) ("Losses") which
Briggs, Acquisition, GPP or an Affiliate may at any time suffer or incur, or
become subject to, as a result of or in connection with:   (a) any breach
of any of the representations and warranties made by GPP in Article IV of
this Agreement;   (b) any breach of any of the representations and
warranties made by the Indemnifying Shareholder in Article V of this
Agreement;   (c) any failure by GPP to carry out, perform, satisfy
or discharge: (i) any of its covenants, agreements, undertakings, liabilities
or obligations under this Agreement; or (ii) any of the covenants,
agreements, undertakings, liabilities or obligations which are required to be
performed, satisfied or discharged prior to the Effective Time of Merger
under any of the other documents and materials required to be executed and
delivered by GPP pursuant to this Agreement;   (d) any failure by the
Indemnifying Shareholder to carry out, perform, satisfy and discharge: (i)
any of its covenants, agreements, undertakings, liabilities or obligations
under this Agreement; or (ii) any of the covenants, agreements, undertakings,
liabilities or obligations which are required to be performed, satisfied or
discharged prior to Effective Time of Merger under any of the other documents
and materials required to be executed and delivered by the Indemnifying
Shareholder pursuant to this Agreement;   (e) the Special Indemnity Matters
(but only as to Losses not covered by an appropriate reserve therefor on the
Closing Balance Sheet); and    - 58 -     67    (f) any suit, action
or other proceeding brought by any Person arising out of, or in any way
related to, any of the matters referred to in Sections 10.1(a), 10.1(b),
10.1(c), 10.1(d) or 10.1(e) of this Agreement.   10.2 Indemnity by Briggs .
Subject to the provisions of this Section 10.2 and the other Sections of this
Article X, from and after the Closing Date Briggs shall indemnify and hold
the Shareholders harmless from and against, and agrees to promptly defend the
Shareholders from and reimburse the Shareholders for, any and all Losses
which the Shareholders may at any time suffer or incur, or become subject to,
as a result of or in connection with:   (a) any breach of any of the
representations and warranties made by Briggs in Article VI of this
Agreement;   (b) any failure by Briggs or Acquisition, or both, to
carry out, perform satisfy and discharge: (i) any of their covenants,
agreements, undertakings, liabilities or obligations under this Agreement; or
(ii) any of their covenants, agreements, undertakings, liabilities or
obligations which are required to be performed, satisfied or discharged prior
to Effective Time of Merger under any of the other documents and materials
required to be executed and delivered by Briggs or Acquisition, or both,
pursuant to this Agreement;   (c) subject to matters for which the
Shareholders are responsible as described in Subject 3.12(d), the Notes;
and   (d) any suit, action or other proceeding brought by any Person
arising out of, or in any way related to, any of the matters referred to in
Sections 10.2(a), 10.2(b) or 10.2(c) of this Agreement.   10.3 Provisions
Regarding Indemnities .   (a) Insurance Recoveries. The amounts for which
an indemnifying party shall be liable under Sections 10.1 and 10.2 of
this Agreement shall be net of any insurance proceeds actually received by
the indemnified party (or GPP or any Affiliate, if Briggs is the indemnified
party) in connection with the facts giving rise to the right of
indemnification.   (b) Termination of Rights of the Shareholders. Other
than with respect to the representations and warranties of Briggs contained
in Sections 6.2 and 6.4, which shall survive indefinitely, the right of
the Shareholders to receive indemnity provided by Section 10.2(a) of this
Agreement shall, as to any matter which has not been described in a notice
delivered to Briggs pursuant to Section 10.4(a) or Section 10.4(c) of this
Agreement prior to such time, expire on the date which is eighteen (18)
months after the Effective Time of Merger.   (c) Termination of Rights of
Briggs. Other than with respect to the representations and warranties of GPP
contained in Sections 4.1, 4.2, 4.3, and 4.18 and the representations and
warranties of the Indemnifying Shareholder contained in Sections 5.2
and    - 59 -    68   5.4, which shall survive indefinitely, the
representations and warranties of GPP contained in Sections 4.8, which shall
survive until the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations plus 60
days, and the representations and warranties of GPP contained in Section
4.16, which shall survive for a period of five (5) years from the Effective
Time of Merger, the right of Briggs to receive indemnity provided by Section
10.1(a) and Section 10.1(b) of this Agreement shall, as to any matter which
has not been described in a notice delivered to the Representative pursuant
to Section 10.4(a) or Section 10.4(c) of this Agreement prior to such time,
expire on the date which is eighteen (18) months after the Effective Time of
Merger.   (d) Rights on Termination. The termination of the rights of an
indemnified party to receive indemnity contained in Sections 10.3(b)
and 10.3(c) of this Agreement shall not affect that Person\'s right to
prosecute to conclusion any claim made by that Person in accordance with this
Agreement prior to the time that the relevant right of indemnity
terminates.   (e) Limitations on Liability of the Shareholders.
The liability of the Shareholders under Section 10.1 of this Agreement shall
be without deduction or limitation, except that the liability of the
Shareholders under Section 10.1(a) and 10.1(f) (to the extent liability
thereunder is related to matters covered by Section 10.1(a)) of this
Agreement shall:   (i) be recoverable only if and to the extent that
the cumulative Losses suffered by Briggs exceeds One Million and 00/100
Dollars ($1,000,000);   (ii) be limited in the aggregate to Twenty-Five
Million and 00/100 Dollars ($25,000,000) (the "Cap"); and   (iii) be
limited such that Briggs shall not be entitled to more than one recovery for
any single Loss even though such Loss may have resulted from the breach or
inaccuracy of more than one of the representations and warranties made by GPP
or the Indemnifying Shareholder in or pursuant to this
Agreement;  provided, however, that Losses resulting from a breach of the
representations and warranties of GPP contained in Sections 4.1, 4.2, 4.3,
4.8 and 4.18 and of the Indemnifying Shareholder contained in Sections 5.2
and 5.4 shall not be subject to (i) and (ii) above; provided, further, that
Losses resulting from any Special Indemnity Matter other than those described
in clauses (e) and (f) in the definition thereof shall be subject to the Cap;
and provided further, that Losses resulting from (i) a breach of the
representations and warranties of GPP contained in Section 4.8 or (ii) any
Special Indemnity Matter described in clauses (i), (j) or (k) of the
definition thereof shall be recoverable only if and to the extent that the
cumulative Losses suffered by Briggs exceed the amount of any reserves for
tax liabilities shown on the Closing Balance Sheet.   (f) Limitations on
Briggs\'s Liability. The liability of Briggs under Section 10.2 of this
Agreement shall be without deduction or limitation, except that the liability
of Briggs under Section 10.2(a) and 10.2(d) (to the extent liability
thereunder is related to matters covered by Sections 10.2(a)) of this
Agreement shall:   - 60 -    69    (i) be recoverable only if and to
the extent that the cumulative Losses suffered by the Shareholders exceeds
One Million and 00/100 Dollars ($1,000,000);   (ii) be limited in the
aggregate to Twenty-Five Million and 00/100 Dollars ($25,000,000); and  
(iii) be limited such that the Shareholders shall not be entitled to more
than one recovery for any single Loss even though such Loss may have resulted
from the breach or inaccuracy of more than one of the representations and
warranties made by Briggs or Acquisition in or pursuant to this
Agreement;  provided, however, that Losses resulting from a breach of the
representations and warranties of Briggs contained in Sections 6.2 and 6.4
shall not be subject to (i) and (ii) above.   (g) Payment by
Shareholders.   (i) The Shareholders\' indemnification obligations under
this Article X shall be satisfied from the escrow fund maintained by the
Escrow Agent pursuant to the Escrow Agreement and each Shareholder\'s
entitlement to such escrow fund shall be reduced by such Shareholder\'s Pro-
Rata Portion of such Loss. After any available escrow fund has been fully
used to satisfy Briggs\'s indemnification claims under this Article X or if
the balance of the escrow fund has otherwise been fully depleted, Briggs
shall have the right to either set off any such Loss against payment of the
Earnout or recover the Loss from the Shareholders, who shall then have the
right to be reimbursed from the Earnout payment available for distribution to
the Shareholders, if any, for any amount so paid before such Earnout payment
is distributed to the Shareholders pursuant to Section 2.7(b)(z) or (c).
Thereafter, or in the event Briggs chooses to recover such Loss from the
Earnout and no Earnout is payable pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.7
of this Agreement, the Shareholders shall be responsible for all Losses
recoverable under this Article X.   (ii) Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Agreement, the Indemnifying Shareholder shall be solely
responsible for any indemnification claim asserted by Briggs pursuant to
Section 10.1(b) or Section 10.1(d) above.   (iii) Other than with respect
to a claim for fraud, following the Closing Date the indemnification
provisions contained in this Article X constitute the sole and exclusive
remedy for breach of any representation or warranty made in this Agreement or
otherwise with respect to any claim arising out of GPP\'s or any Affiliate\'s
operations, business or properties on or prior to the Closing Date, other
than any claim relating to a breach of any of GPP\'s pre-Closing obligations
pursuant to this Agreement.   (h) Nature of Obligation. The Shareholders\'
obligations under this Article X shall be joint and several as to the
Shareholders, except that Briggs shall not be entitled to make any claim of
indemnification hereunder against any Shareholder (other than the
Indemnifying Shareholder) in excess of such Shareholder\'s Pro-Rata Portion
of such claim; provided however that nothing in this Section 10.3(h) shall in
any way limit the Indemnifying   - 61 -    70   Shareholder\'s rights
to contribution from the other Shareholders for any claims made in accordance
with this Agreement which the Indemnifying Shareholder has satisfied and
which are over and above the Indemnifying Shareholder\'s Pro-
Rata Portion.   10.4 Indemnification Procedure.   (a) Notice. If an
indemnified party shall claim to have suffered a Loss for which
indemnification is available under Section 10.1 or 10.2, as the case may be,
the indemnified party shall notify the indemnifying party in writing of such
claim, which notice shall describe the nature of such claim, the facts and
circumstances that give rise to such claim and the amount of such claim if
reasonably ascertainable at the time such claim is made. In the case of a
claim by Briggs, a copy of such written notice shall also be provided by
Briggs to the Escrow Agent if the Escrow Agreement is still in effect. In
the event that within forty-five (45) days after the receipt by the
indemnifying party of such a written notice from the indemnified party, the
indemnified party shall not have received from the indemnifying party a
written objection to such claim, such claim shall be conclusively presumed
and considered to have been assented to and approved by the indemnifying
party following receipt by the indemnifying party (and, in the case of a
claim by Briggs, the Escrow Agent) of a written notice from the indemnified
party to such effect.   (b) Resolution. If within the forty-five (45) day
period described in paragraph (a) above the indemnified party (and, in the
case of claim by Briggs, the Escrow Agent) shall have received from the
indemnifying party a notice setting forth the indemnifying party\'s
objections to such claim and the indemnifying party\'s reasons for such
objection, then the parties shall follow the procedures set forth in Article
XI below with respect to the resolution of such matter.   (c) Third-Party
Claims.   (i) Any indemnified party seeking indemnification pursuant to
this Article X in respect of any third-party claim shall give
the indemnifying party from whom indemnification with respect to such claim
is sought (A) prompt (but in any event no later than 45 days after such
indemnified party has received notice of such third party claim) written
notice of such third-party claim and (B) copies of all documents and
information provided by the third party to the indemnified party in
connection with such claim. The failure of the indemnified party to so notify
or provide copies to the indemnifying party shall not relieve the
indemnifying party from any liability to the indemnified party for any
liability hereunder except to the extent that such failure shall have
prejudiced the defense of such third-party claim.   (ii) The indemnifying
party shall have the right to participate in the defense of such claim and at
its option to assume the defense thereof using counsel reasonably acceptable
to the indemnified party. After notice from the indemnifying party to the
indemnified party of its election to assume the defense of such claim, the
indemnified party may continue to participate in the defense of such claim,
but, except as set forth in subsection (iii) below, the indemnifying party
shall not be liable to the indemnified party under this Article X for any
legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by the indemnified party in
connection with    - 62 -   71   the defense of such claim, other than
reasonable costs of investigation. If, following its assumption of the
defense of a claim pursuant to this Section 10.4(c), the indemnifying party
believes that the claim is not indemnifiable pursuant to Section 10.1 or
Section 10.2, the indemnifying party shall promptly tender back to the
indemnified party the defense of such claim. If the indemnifying party fails
to assume or, if assumed, tenders back the defense of a claim pursuant to
this Section 10.4(c) and thereafter concludes that it wishes to defend the
claim, it shall be entitled to do so upon notice to the indemnified party of
its decision; provided, however, that any assumption of defense pursuant to
this sentence shall constitute an admission by the indemnifying party that
the claim is indemnifiable pursuant to Section 10.1 or Section 10.2.  
(iii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if: (A) the employment thereof is
authorized by the indemnifying party in writing; (B) the indemnified party
shall have been advised by such counsel that there may be one or more legal
defenses available to it which are different from or in addition to
those available to the indemnifying party and in the reasonable judgment of
such counsel it is advisable for the indemnified party to employ such
counsel; or (C) the indemnifying party has failed to assume defense of such
claim within forty-five (45) days after it receives written notice of such
claim or to employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party;
the indemnified party may notify the indemnifying party in writing that it
elects to employ separate counsel (which counsel shall be reasonably
acceptable to the indemnifying party) at the expense of the indemnifying
party and the indemnifying party shall not have the right to assume the
defense of such claim, except as provided for by the last sentence of Section
10.4(c)(ii). The indemnifying party shall not, in connection with one claim
or substantially similar claims in the same jurisdiction arising out of the
same or substantially similar facts, be liable for the reasonable fees and
expenses of more than one firm of attorneys, which firm shall be designated
in writing by the indemnified party. Nothing contained in this Section
10.4(c) shall in any way restrict the indemnified party\'s ability to defend
a claim and, if such claim is otherwise indemnifiable pursuant to the
provisions of this Article X, to recover all costs associated with
such defense while the indemnifying party is considering whether to assume
the defense of a claim tendered to it.   (iv) Each indemnifying party and
indemnified party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with
the other in the defense of such claim. The indemnifying party shall not be
liable for the settlement of any claim effected without its written consent,
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. No such claim shall be
settled by the indemnifying party without the prior written consent of the
indemnified party. If a firm, written, bona fide offer is made by the third
party to settle or resolve any third party claim and the indemnifying party
proposes to accept such settlement and the indemnified party refuses to
consent to such settlement, then: (A) the indemnifying party shall be excused
from, and the indemnified party shall be solely responsible for all further
defense of such claim; (B) the maximum liability of the indemnifying party
relating to such claim shall be the amount of the proposed settlement if the
amount thereafter recovered from the indemnified party is greater than the
amount of the proposed settlement; and (C) the indemnified party shall pay
all attorneys\' fees and legal costs and expenses incurred after the
rejection of such settlement, but if the amount thereafter recovered by the
third party from the indemnified party is less than the amount of the
proposed settlement, the indemnified party shall also be entitled
to reimbursement for such fees    - 63 -   72   and costs up to a
maximum equal to the difference between the amount recovered by such third
party and the amount of the proposed settlement.   ARTICLE XI   DISPUTE
RESOLUTION MECHANISMS   11.1 Dispute . As used in this Agreement, "Dispute"
shall: (a) mean any post-closing dispute or disagreement between Briggs and
the Representative concerning the interpretation of this Agreement, the
validity of this Agreement, any breach or alleged breach by any party under
this Agreement or any other matter relating in any way to this Agreement; and
(b) exclude any dispute or disagreement between Briggs and the Representative
concerning the calculation of the Cash Amount or the Estimated Cash Amount,
which shall be resolved pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.6 of this
Agreement;   11.2 Process . If a Dispute arises, the parties shall
follow the procedures specified in Sections 11.3, 11.4 and 11.5 of this
Agreement.   11.3 Negotiations . The parties shall promptly attempt
to resolve any Dispute by negotiations between Briggs and the
Representative. Either Briggs or the Representative may give the other party
written notice of any Dispute not resolved in the normal course of business.
Briggs and the Representative shall meet at a mutually acceptable time and
place within ten (10) calendar days after delivery of such notice, and
thereafter as often as they reasonably deem necessary, to exchange relevant
information and to attempt to resolve the Dispute. If the Dispute has not
been resolved by these Persons within thirty (30) calendar days of the
disputing party\'s notice, or if the parties fail to meet within such ten
(10) calendar days, either Briggs or the Representative may initiate
mediation as provided in Section 11.4 of this Agreement. If a negotiator
intends to be accompanied at a meeting by legal counsel, the other negotiator
shall be given at least three (3) business days\' notice of such intention
and may also be accompanied by legal counsel.   11.4 Mediation . If the
Dispute is not resolved by negotiations pursuant to Section 11.3 of this
Agreement, Briggs and the Representative shall attempt in good faith to
resolve any such Dispute by nonbinding mediation. Either Briggs or the
Representative may initiate a nonbinding mediation proceeding by a request in
writing to the other party (the "Request"), and both parties will then be
obligated to engage in a mediation. The proceeding will be conducted in
Milwaukee, Wisconsin in accordance with the then current Center for Public
Resources ("CPR") Model Procedure for Mediation of Business Disputes, with
the following exceptions:   (a) if the parties have not agreed within thirty
(30) calendar days of the Request on the selection of a mediator willing to
serve, CPR, upon the request of either Briggs or the Representative, shall
appoint a member of the CPR Panels of Neutrals as the mediator; and   - 64
-    73    (b) efforts to reach a settlement will continue until
the conclusion of the proceedings, which shall be deemed to occur upon the
earliest of the date that: (i) a written settlement is reached; or (ii) the
mediator concludes and informs the parties in writing that further efforts
would not be useful; or (iii) Briggs and the Representative agree in writing
that an impasse has been reached; or (iv) is sixty (60) calendar days after
the Request and none of the events specified in Sections 11.4(b)(i), (ii) or
(iii) have occurred. No party may withdraw before the conclusion of the
proceeding.   11.5 Submission to Adjudication . If a Dispute is not
resolved by negotiation pursuant to Section 11.3 of this Agreement or by
mediation pursuant to Section 11.4 of this Agreement within 100 calendar days
after initiation of the negotiation process pursuant to Section 11.3 of
this Agreement, such Dispute and any other claims arising out of or relating
to this Agreement may be heard, adjudicated and determined in an action or
proceeding filed in any state or federal court which has jurisdiction over
the parties.   11.6 General .   (a) Provisional Remedies. At any time
during the procedures specified in Sections 11.3 and 11.4 of this Agreement,
a party may seek a preliminary injunction or other provisional judicial
relief if in its judgment such action is necessary to avoid irreparable
damage or to preserve the status quo. Despite such action, the parties will
continue to participate in good faith in the procedures specified in this
Article XI of this Agreement.   (b) Tolling Statutes of Limitations. All
applicable statutes of limitation and defenses based upon the passage of time
shall be tolled while the procedures specified in this Article XI of this
Agreement are pending. The parties will take such action, if any, as is
required to effectuate such tolling.   (c) Performance to Continue. Each
party is required to continue to perform its obligations under this Agreement
pending final resolution of any Dispute.   (d) Extension of Deadlines. All
deadlines specified in this Article XI of this Agreement may be extended by
mutual agreement between Briggs and the Representative.   (e) Enforcement.
The parties regard the obligations in this Article XI of this Agreement to
constitute an essential provision of this Agreement and one that is legally
binding on them. In case of a violation of the obligations in this Article XI
of this Agreement by either Briggs or the Representative, the other party may
bring an action to seek enforcement of such obligations in any court of Law
having jurisdiction over the parties.   (f) Costs. The parties shall pay:
(i) their own costs, fees, and expenses incurred in connection with the
application of the provisions of this Article XI of this Agreement; and (ii)
fifty percent (50%) of the fees and expenses of CPR and the mediator in
connection with the application of the provisions of Section 11.4 of this
Agreement.    - 65 -    74    (g) Replacement. If CPR is no longer in
business or is unable or refuses or declines to act or to continue to act
under this Article XI of this Agreement for any reason, then the functions
specified in this Article XI of this Agreement to be performed by CPR shall
be performed by another Person engaged in a business equivalent to that
conducted by CPR as is agreed to by Briggs and the Representative (the
"Replacement"). If Briggs and the Representative cannot agree on the identity
of the Replacement within ten (10) calendar days after a Request, the
Replacement shall be selected by the Chief Judge of the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of Wisconsin upon application. If a
Replacement is selected by either means, this Article XI shall be deemed
appropriately amended to refer to such Replacement.   ARTICLE XII  
TERMINATION; MISCELLANEOUS   12.1 Termination.   (a) This Agreement may be
terminated and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement may be
abandoned at any time prior to the Closing, as follows:   (i) by mutual
written agreement of Briggs and GPP;   (ii) by Briggs if GPP or the
Indemnifying Shareholder have materially breached any of their covenants
contained in this Agreement and have not cured the breach within thirty (30)
days following notice thereof by Briggs;   (iii) by GPP if Briggs has
materially breached any of its covenants contained in this Agreement and has
not cured the breach within thirty (30) days following notice thereof given
by GPP; and   (iv) by Briggs or GPP if the Closing has not occurred on
or before June 30, 2001.   (b) After the Closing, this Agreement may be
terminated by the mutual agreement of Briggs and the Representative.   12.2
Rights Surviving Termination; Waiver. If this Agreement is terminated
pursuant to Section 12.1(a) of this Agreement, all further obligations of the
parties under or pursuant to this Agreement shall terminate other than the
obligations of the parties contained in Sections 3.6, 12.2, 12.5, 12.12 (but
only as to other surviving rights and obligations) and 12.17 of
this Agreement, which shall survive any such termination, and each party
shall be entitled to such remedies as may be available to it in law or equity
with respect to a breach by any other party of this Agreement, including
without limitation the remedies described in Section 12.12, prior to such
termination. If any of the conditions set forth in Article VIII of this
Agreement have not been satisfied, Briggs may nevertheless elect to proceed
with the consummation of the    - 66 -   75   transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and if any of the conditions set forth in
Article IX of this Agreement have not been satisfied, GPP may nevertheless
elect to proceed with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement.   12.3 Survival of Representations and Warranties.
All representations and warranties of the parties contained in this Agreement
or made pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the Closing Date and the
Effective Time of Merger and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and shall terminate and be of no further force
and effect following the date which is eighteen (18) months after the
Effective Time of Merger, other than with respect to the representations and
warranties of Briggs contained in Sections 6.2 and 6.4, of GPP contained in
Sections 4.1, 4.2, 4.3, and 4.18 and of the Indemnifying Shareholder
contained in Sections 5.2 and 5.4, which shall survive indefinitely, with
respect to the representations and warranties of GPP contained in Section
4.8, which shall survive until the expiration of the applicable statute of
limitations plus 60 days, and with respect to the representations and
warranties of GPP contained in Section 4.16, which shall survive for a period
of five (5) years from the Effective Time of Merger. The termination of the
representations and warranties contained in the immediately preceding
sentence shall not affect a party\'s right to prosecute to conclusion any
claim made by such party prior to such time.   12.4 Entire Agreement;
Amendment. This Agreement and the documents referred to in this Agreement and
required to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement constitute the entire
agreement among the parties pertaining to the subject matter of this
Agreement supersede: (a) the Letter of Intent dated as of March 1, 2001 by
and among Briggs, GPP and the Indemnifying Shareholder; and (b) all other
prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, negotiations and
discussions of the parties, whether oral or written. There are no warranties,
representations or other agreements between the parties in connection with
the subject matter of this Agreement, except as specifically set forth in
this Agreement. No amendment, supplement, modification, waiver or termination
of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the parties;
provided that following the Closing the signature of the Representative shall
be required in lieu of the signature of GPP. No waiver of any of
the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver
of any other provision of this Agreement, whether or not similar, nor shall
such waiver constitute a continuing waiver unless otherwise expressly
provided.   12.5 Expenses. Whether or not the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement are consummated and subject to any sharing
arrangements specifically set forth in this Agreement, each of the parties to
this Agreement shall pay the fees and expenses of its respective counsel,
accountants, brokers, consultants, investment bankers and other experts
incident to the negotiation and preparation of this Agreement and
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. For purposes
hereof, all such fees and expenses of GPP and the Affiliates shall be
Transaction Costs to the extent such fees and expenses have been incurred but
have not been paid as of the Effective Time of Merger.   12.6 Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted according to the
internal Laws of the State of Wisconsin without regard to the conflicts of
Laws   - 67 -    76   principles thereof, except for Sections 2.1,
2.2, 2.3 and 2.4 hereof, which shall be construed and interpreted according
to the Laws of the State of Delaware.   12.7 Assignment. This Agreement
shall not be assigned by any party except: (a) with the prior written consent
of the other parties; or (b) by Briggs, to one or more direct or indirect
wholly owned Subsidiaries of Briggs or (in connection with or following the
Closing) to any lender to Briggs as security for Indebtedness of Briggs,
provided that Briggs shall remain liable for the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement.   12.8 Notices. All notices, requests,
demands and other communications hereunder shall be given in writing and
shall be: (a) personally delivered; (b) sent by telecopier, facsimile
transmission or other electronic means of transmitting written documents; or
(c) sent to the parties at their respective addresses indicated herein by
registered or certified U.S. mail, return receipt requested and postage
prepaid, or by private overnight mail courier service. The respective
addresses to be used for all such notices, demands or requests are as
follows:   If to GPP: Generac Portable Products, Inc.  One Generac Way 
Jefferson, WI 53549  Attention: Dorrance Noonan  Fax No: 920-674-1880  
with a copy (which shall not J.P. Morgan Partners  constitute notice to GPP)
to: 1221 Avenue of the Americas  40th Floor  New York, NY 10020  Attention:
Eric Wilkinson  Fax No: 212-899-3943   If to Indemnifying Shareholder J.P.
Morgan Partners  or the Representative: 1221 Avenue of the Americas  40th
Floor  New York, NY 10020  Attention: Eric Wilkinson  Fax No:
212-899-3943   with a copy (which shall not Simpson Thacher and Bartlett 
constitute notice to the 425 Lexington Avenue  Indemnifying Shareholder) to:
New York, NY 10017  Attention: William E. Curbow  Fax No: 212-455-2502  
If to Briggs: Briggs and Stratton Corporation  Attention: John S. Shiely 
12301 W. Wirth Street  Wauwatosa, WI 53222  Fax No.: 414-259-5773    - 68
-    77     with a copy (which shall not Quarles and Brady LLP 
constitute notice to Briggs), Attention: Kathryn M. Buono  prior to Closing,
to: 411 East Wisconsin Avenue  Milwaukee, WI 53202  Fax No.:
414-271-3552   with a copy (which shall not Briggs and Stratton Corporation 
constitute notice to Briggs), Attention: Robert Heath  following the Closing,
to: 12301 W. Wirth Street  Wauwatosa, WI 53222  Fax No.: 414-479-1245  If
personally delivered, such communication shall be deemed delivered
upon actual receipt; if electronically transmitted pursuant to this
paragraph, such communication shall be deemed delivered the next business day
after transmission (and sender shall bear the burden of proof of delivery);
if sent by overnight courier pursuant to this paragraph, such communication
shall be deemed delivered upon receipt; and if sent by U.S. mail pursuant to
this paragraph, such communication shall be deemed delivered as of the date
of delivery indicated on the receipt issued by the relevant postal service,
or, if the addressee fails or refuses to accept delivery, as of the date of
such failure or refusal. Delivery to the Representative shall constitute
delivery to all Shareholders, including the Indemnifying Shareholder. Any
Person may change its address for the purposes of this Agreement by giving
notice thereof in accordance with this Section.   12.9 Counterparts;
Headings. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed an original, but such counterparts shall together
constitute but one and the same Agreement. The Table of Contents and Article
and Section headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience of
reference only and shall not constitute a part hereof.   12.10
Interpretation. Unless the context requires otherwise: (a) all words used in
this Agreement in the singular number shall extend to and include the plural;
(b) all words in the plural number shall extend to and include the singular;
(c) all words in any gender shall extend to and include all genders; (d) use
of the word "include" or "including" shall be deemed to mean "including
without limitation;" and (e) reference herein to "Sections," "Articles,"
"Exhibits," or the "Disclosure Schedule" shall refer to the Sections,
Articles, Exhibits and Disclosure Schedule included in or attached to this
Agreement.   12.11 Severability. If any provision, clause, or part of
this Agreement, or the application thereof under certain circumstances, is
held invalid, the remainder of this Agreement, or the application of such
provision, clause or part under other circumstances, shall not be affected
thereby unless such invalidity materially impairs the ability of the parties
to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.    - 69
-    78    12.12 Specific Performance. The parties agree that the
assets and business of GPP and the Affiliates as going concerns constitute
unique property and that in the event of a breach of this Agreement by any
party, money damages may be inadequate and the non-breaching party may have
no adequate remedy at law. Accordingly, the parties agree that such non-
breaching party shall have the right, in addition to any other rights and
remedies existing in their favor at law or in equity, to enforce their rights
and the other party\'s obligations hereunder not only by an action or actions
for damages but also by an action or actions for specific performance,
injunctive and/or other equitable relief (without posting of bond or other
security).   12.13 No Reliance. Except for the parties to this
Agreement and except for the persons referred to in Section 3.15 and any
assignees permitted by Section 12.7 of this Agreement: (a) no Person is
entitled to rely on any of the representations, warranties and agreements of
the parties contained in this Agreement; and (b) the parties assume no
liability to any Person because of any reliance on the representations,
warranties and agreements of the parties contained in this Agreement.  
12.14 Exhibits and Disclosure Schedule. If a document or matter is disclosed
in the Disclosure Schedule, it shall be deemed to be disclosed for purposes
of all Sections of this Agreement which refer to the Disclosure Schedule
without the necessity of specific repetition or cross-reference so long as
its relevance to such Section is obvious. All capitalized terms used in any
Exhibit to this Agreement or in the Disclosure Schedule shall have the
definitions specified in this Agreement.   12.15 No Strict Construction. The
language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language jointly
chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent.   12.16 Third Party
Beneficiaries . This Agreement is for the sole benefit of the parties to this
Agreement and nothing expressed or implied in this Agreement shall give or be
construed to give any Person, other than the parties, any legal or equitable
rights hereunder.   12.17 Waiver of Jury Trial . The parties hereby
irrevocably waive any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding
arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.   12.18 Certain Indemnification Matters.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no stockholder of
GPP who is a party to the Stockholders Agreement dated as of July 9, 1998
among GPP, the Indemnifying Shareholder and other stockholders of GPP, other
than the Indemnifying Shareholder, shall be required by this Agreement to
make any payment pursuant to Sections 2.6(h)(i), 3.12(c), 3.13 or 3.14 or
this Article X to the extent Section 8 of such Stockholders Agreement has
been invoked and any such payment hereunder is inconsistent with Section 8 of
such Stockholders Agreement. The foregoing sentence, however, shall not be
applicable to a stockholder of GPP if such stockholder consents to the making
of payments pursuant to Sections 2.6(h)(i), 3.12(c), 3.13 or 3.14 or this
Article X.   - 70 -    79    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have
caused this Agreement and Plan of Merger to be duly executed as of the day
and year first above written.   BRIGGS and STRATTON CORPORATION   By:/s/
John S. Shiely  ---------------------------------------  John S. Shiely,
President    GPP MERGER CORPORATION   By:/s/ John S. Shiely 
---------------------------------------  John S. Shiely, President   
GENERAC PORTABLE PRODUCTS, INC.   By:/s/ Dorrance J. Noonan, Jr. 
---------------------------------------  Dorrance J. Noonan, Jr., President 
and Chief Executive Officer    THE BEACON GROUP III -- FOCUS VALUE FUND,
L.P.   By: BEACON FOCUS VALUE FUND  INVESTORS, LLC, General Partner  
By:/s/ Thomas G. Mendell  ---------------------------------------  Thomas G.
Mendell  Managing Director    - 71 -     80    Acknowledged by the
Representative:  THE BEACON GROUP III -- FOCUS VALUE FUND, L.P.  By:
BEACON FOCUS VALUE FUND  INVESTORS, LLC, General Partner  By: /s/ Faith
Rosenfeld  ----------------------------------------- Title: Managing
Director  ----------------------------------------      - 72 -  81  
EXHIBIT 1   BRIGGS CLOSING CERTIFICATE   I, ___________________________,
hereby certify that:   1. I am the duly elected, qualified and acting
____________ of Briggs and Stratton Corporation, a Wisconsin corporation
("Briggs").   2. I am familiar with the terms of the Agreement and Plan of
Merger dated as of March ___, 2001 by and among Briggs, GPP Merger
Corporation, a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Briggs
("Acquisition"), Generac Portable Products, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and
The Beacon Group III-Focus Value Fund, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership
(the "Merger Agreement").   3. The representations and warranties made by
Briggs in Section 6.2 of the Merger Agreement are true and correct in all
respects on the date hereof (unless such representations and warranties
relate to a specific earlier date, in which case such representations and
warranties remain true and correct in all respects as of such earlier date)
with the same force and effect as though said representations and warranties
had been made on the date hereof; and all of the other representations and
warranties made by Briggs in Article VI of the Merger Agreement are true and
correct in all material respects on the date hereof (unless such
representations and warranties relate to a specific earlier date, in which
case such representations and warranties remain true and correct in
all material respects as of such earlier date) with the same force and effect
as though said representations and warranties had been made on the date
hereof.   4. Briggs and Acquisition have performed and complied in all
material respects with all of their respective obligations under the Merger
Agreement which are to be performed or complied with by them prior to or on
the date hereof.   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have executed this Closing
Certificate in my official capacity as of this ___ day of __________,
2001.    BRIGGS and STRATTON CORPORATION     By:
______________________________________   Name:
____________________________________   Title:
___________________________________    82    EXHIBIT 2   FORM OF
BRIGGS COUNSEL OPINION    ____________, 2001  Generac Portable Products,
Inc. One Generac Way Jefferson, WI 53549  Ladies and Gentlemen:   We
have acted as counsel to Briggs and Stratton Corporation, a
Wisconsin corporation ("Briggs"), and to GPP Merger Corporation, a Delaware
corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Briggs ("Acquisition"), in
connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of an
Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of March ___, 2001 (the "Agreement") by
and among Briggs, Acquisition, Generac Portable Products, Inc., a Delaware
Corporation ("GPP"), and The Beacon Group III-Focus Value Fund, L.P. Among
other things, the Agreement provides for the merger of Acquisition with and
into GPP. We are furnishing this opinion at the request of Briggs and
Acquisition pursuant to Section 9.9(c) of the Agreement. Capitalized terms
not otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in the
Agreement.   In rendering the opinions expressed in this opinion letter, we
have examined the Agreement together with the other documents and agreements
being executed and delivered by Briggs or Acquisition pursuant to the
Agreement, as well as such other corporate records, certificates, instruments
and other documents of Briggs and Acquisition, and such questions and matters
of Law, as we have considered necessary and appropriate for purposes of such
opinions. In giving the various opinions set forth below, we have, with
respect to factual matters, relied on certificates and similar documents
furnished by public officials and by officers of Briggs and Acquisition, and
on the representations and warranties of Briggs made in the Agreement.   We
have assumed that: (i) all certificates or comparable documents of public
officials examined by us are accurate; (ii) each document submitted to us as
an original is authentic and complete; (iii) each document submitted to us
as a certified or photostatic copy conforms to an authentic original; (iv)
each party (other than Briggs and Acquisition) to the Agreement and to the
other documents required thereby has duly and validly executed and delivered
the Agreement and such other documents to which it is a party; (v) all
signatures (other than the signatures on behalf of Briggs and Acquisition) on
documents reviewed by us are genuine; (vi) each person executing the
Agreement and the other documents required thereby on behalf of a party
(other than on behalf of Briggs and Acquisition) is authorized to do so;
(vii) the obligations of each party (other than Briggs or Acquisition) under
the Agreement and the other documents required thereby are such party\'s
legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with the
terms of the Agreement and such other documents; (viii) the Agreement
accurately describes and    83  Generac Portable Products,
Inc. _________________________, 2001 Page 2  contains the mutual
understanding of the parties; and (ix) there are no oral or written
statements or agreements that purport to modify, amend or vary any of the
terms of the Agreement and such other documents.   Based upon the foregoing,
and subject to the qualifications, assumptions and limitations set forth
herein, it is our opinion that:   1. Briggs is a corporation validly
existing and in active status (meaning it has filed its annual report for the
most recently completed report year and has not filed articles of
dissolution) under the Law of the State of Wisconsin, and has the requisite
corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its assets and
properties and to conduct its business as, to the best of our knowledge, it
is now conducting such business. Acquisition is a corporation validly
existing and in good standing under the Law of the State of Delaware and has
the requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate
its assets and properties and to conduct its business as, to the best of
our knowledge, it is now conducting such business.   2. Each of Briggs and
Acquisition has the necessary corporate power and authority to enter into,
execute and deliver the Agreement and the documents required thereby to which
each is a party, to perform its respective obligations thereunder and to
consummate the transactions contemplated thereby.   3. The execution and
delivery by each of Briggs and Acquisition of the Agreement and the documents
required thereby to which Briggs or Acquisition is a party, and the
consummation by Briggs and Acquisition of the transactions contemplated
thereby, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the
part of Briggs and Acquisition, as the case may be.   4. The Agreement and
the documents required thereby to which Briggs or Acquisition is a party have
been duly executed and delivered by Briggs or Acquisition, as the case may
be, and constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of Briggs and
Acquisition, as the case may be, enforceable against each of them in
accordance with their respective terms.   5. The execution and delivery of
the Agreement by Briggs and Acquisition and the documents required thereby to
which Briggs or Acquisition is a party do not, and the performance of the
Agreement by Briggs and Acquisition will not, conflict with or violate: (a)
the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of Briggs; (b) the Certificate of
Incorporation or Bylaws of Acquisition; or (c) to our knowledge any
applicable Law.   The opinion as to enforceability of the Agreement and the
other documents required thereby is subject to the limitations set forth in
the General Qualifications stated in the Legal    84  Generac Portable
Products, Inc. _________________________, 2001 Page 3   Opinion Accord of
the ABA Section of Business Law (1991), which Qualifications are attached
hereto as Schedule 1.   We are attorneys licensed to practice law in the
State of Wisconsin. The opinions expressed herein are specifically limited to
the present internal laws of the State of Wisconsin, the federal laws of the
United States, and the Delaware General Corporation Law (each, a "Law" and
collectively, the "Laws").   The opinions expressed herein are given as of
the date of this letter and are intended to apply only to those facts and
circumstances that exist as of the date hereof. We assume no obligation or
responsibility to update or supplement this opinion to reflect any facts or
circumstances occurring after the date hereof that would alter the opinions
contained herein.   Statements made herein to "our knowledge" or with
respect to matters "known to us" are based solely on information actually
known to those attorneys currently practicing with this firm and engaged in
the representation of Briggs and Acquisition in connection with the
transactions contemplated by the Agreement. Except as otherwise expressly
indicated, we have not undertaken any independent investigation of factual
matters.   The opinions set forth above are delivered to you in connection
with the transactions described in the Agreement. This opinion letter is
rendered solely for your information and assistance in connection with the
Closing under the Agreement as of the date hereof, and may not be quoted in
whole or in part or otherwise referred to, nor filed with or furnished to or
relied upon by any governmental agency or person or entity or for any other
purpose without our prior written consent.   Very truly yours,  
[DRAFT]   QUARLES and BRADY LLP     85    SCHEDULE 1  
QUALIFICATIONS   1. The General Qualifications. "General Qualifications"
means the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Exception, the Equitable Principles
Limitation and any Other Common Qualifications that apply to the particular
opinion in question. If the General Qualifications are to apply to an opinion
in addition to the Remedies Opinion, the Opinion Letter must specifically
state that they apply to that opinion.   2. Bankruptcy and Insolvency
Exception. An opinion to which this exception applies is subject to the
effect of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, moratorium
and other similar laws affecting the rights and remedies of creditors
generally. This exception includes:   (a) the Federal Bankruptcy Code and
thus comprehends, among  others, matters of turn-over, automatic stay,
avoiding powers,  fraudulent transfer, preference, discharge, conversion of
a  non-recourse obligation into a recourse claim, limitations on  ipso facto
and anti-assignment clauses and the coverage of  pre-petition security
agreements applicable to property  acquired after the petition is filed;  
(b) all other Federal and state bankruptcy, insolvency,  reorganization,
receivership, moratorium, arrangement and  assignment for the benefit of
creditors laws that affect the  rights and remedies of creditors generally
(not just creditors  of specific types of debtors);   (c) all other Federal
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,  receivership, moratorium,
arrangement and assignment for the  benefit of creditors laws that have
reference to or affect  generally only creditors of specific types of debtors
and  state laws of like character affecting generally only  creditors of
financial institutions and insurance companies;   (d) state fraudulent
transfer and conveyance laws; and   (e) judicially developed doctrines
relevant to any of the  foregoing laws, such as substantive consolidation of
entities.   3. Equitable Principles Limitation. An opinion to which this
limitation applies is subject to the effect of general principles of equity,
whether applied by a court of law or equity. This limitation includes
principles:     86    (a) governing the availability of specific
performance, injunctive  relief or other equitable remedies, which generally
place the  award of such remedies, subject to certain guidelines, in the 
discretion of the court to which application for such relief  is made;  
(b) affording equitable defenses (e.g., waiver, laches and  estoppel) against
a party seeking enforcement;   (c) requiring good faith and fair dealing in
the performance and  enforcement of a contract by the party seeking its 
enforcement;   (d) requiring reasonableness in the performance and
enforcement of  an agreement by the party seeking enforcement of the
contract;   (e) requiring consideration of the materiality of (i) the
Client\'s  breach and (ii) the consequences of the breach to the party 
seeking enforcement;   (f) requiring consideration of the impracticability
or  impossibility of performances at the time of attempted  enforcement;
and   (g) affording defenses based upon the unconscionability of the 
enforcing party\'s conduct after the parties have entered into  the
contract.   4. Other Common Qualifications. To the extent the applicable law
of the relevant jurisdiction applies any of the following rules to one or
more of the provisions of a contract covered by an opinion expressed in this
opinion letter, that opinion is subject to the effect of generally applicable
rules of law that:   (a) limit or affect the enforcement of provisions of a
contract  that purport to require waiver of the obligations of good  faith,
fair dealing, diligence and reasonableness;   (b) provide that forum
selection clauses in contracts are not  necessarily binding on the court(s)
in the forum selected;   (c) limit the availability of a remedy under
certain circumstances  where another remedy has been elected;   (d) limit
the right of a credit to use force or cause a breach of  the peace in
enforcing rights;   (e) relate to the sale or disposition of collateral or
the  requirements of a commercially reasonable sale;    87    (f) limit
the enforceability of provisions releasing, exculpating  or exempting a party
from, or requiring indemnification of a  party for, liability for its own
action or inaction, to the  extent the action or inaction involves gross
negligence,  recklessness, willful misconduct or unlawful conduct;   (g)
may, where less than all of a contract may be unenforceable,  limit the
enforceability of the balance of the contract to  circumstances in which the
unenforceable portion is not an  essential part of the agreed exchange;  
(h) govern and afford judicial discretion regarding the  determination of
damages and entitlement to attorneys\' fees  and other costs;   (i) may, in
the absence of a waiver or consent, discharge a  guarantor to the extent
that: (i) action by a creditor impairs  the value of collateral securing
guaranteed debt to the  detriment of the guarantor, or (ii) guaranteed debt
is  materially modified; and   (j) may permit a party who has materially
failed to render or  offer performance required by the contract to cure
that  failure unless: (i) permitting a cure would unreasonably  hinder the
aggrieved party from making substitute arrangements  for performance, or (ii)
it is important in the circumstances  to the aggrieved party that performance
occur by the date  stated in the contract.    88    EXHIBIT 3  
CERTIFICATE OF MERGER   OF   GPP MERGER CORPORATION   INTO   GENERAC
PORTABLE PRODUCTS, INC.   The undersigned corporation, pursuant to Section
251 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, for the purpose of merging GPP
Merger Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("GPP"), into Generac Portable
Products, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Surviving Corporation"), which
is the surviving corporation in such merger, (together hereinafter the
"Constituent Corporations") hereby certifies the following:   1. An
Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between GPP and the Surviving Corporation
has been approved, adopted, certified, executed and acknowledged by each of
the Constituent Corporations in accordance with Section 251 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law. The Agreement and Plan of Merger was adopted by a
majority of the holders of all of the outstanding stock of each of
the Constituent Corporations entitled to vote, in accordance with the
provisions of Section 228 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.   2. The
name of the Surviving Corporation is Generac Portable Products, Inc., and it
shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. The Certificate of
Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation shall not be affected by the
Merger.   3. The executed Agreement and Plan of Merger is on file at
the principal place of business of the Surviving Corporation, One Generac
Way, Jefferson, WI 53549.   4. A copy of the Agreement and Plan of Merger
will be furnished by the Surviving Corporation, on request and without cost,
to any stockholder of either of the Constituent Corporations.   5. The
effective date and time of the merger shall be the time of receipt of this
Certificate of Merger by the Delaware Secretary of State.     89    IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Surviving Corporation has caused this Certificate of
Merger to be executed as of the ____ day of __________, 2001.   GENERAC
PORTABLE PRODUCTS, INC.,  a Delaware corporation     By:
_____________________________   __________________, President       
2    90    EXHIBIT 4   ESCROW AGREEMENT   THIS ESCROW AGREEMENT
(this "Agreement") is entered into as of ____________, 2001, by and among
Briggs and Stratton Corporation, a Wisconsin corporation ("Briggs"), The Beacon
Group III-Focus Value Fund, L.P., in its capacity as the representative of
the Shareholders (as defined in the Merger Agreement) (the "Representative"
and, in its individual capacity, the "Indemnifying Shareholder"), and
___________________________ (the "Escrow Agent").   RECITALS   A. Briggs,
GPP Merger Corporation, Generac Portable Products, Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("GPP"), and the Indemnifying Shareholder are parties to
an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated ______________, 2001 ("Merger
Agreement").   B. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the parties have agreed
to enter into this Agreement in connection with which Briggs shall
deposit __________________ Dollars ($__________) (the "Escrow Principal")
with the Escrow Agent.   C. The parties desire that the Escrow Funds (as
defined below) shall remain in escrow to secure certain continuing
obligations of the Shareholders under Sections 2.6, 3.12, 3.13, and 3.14 and
Article X of the Merger Agreement on the terms set forth herein; and   D.
The parties desire that the Escrow Agent serve as escrow agent on the terms
and conditions provided in this Agreement.   AGREEMENT   NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the mutual covenants of the parties set forth in this
Agreement and the Merger Agreement, Briggs, the Representative, the
Indemnifying Shareholder and the Escrow Agent hereby agree as follows:   1.
Appointment of the Escrow Agent. Briggs and the Representative, on behalf of
the Shareholders, hereby appoint the Escrow Agent as their agent
and custodian to hold, invest and disburse the Escrow Principal and earnings
thereon ("Escrow Interest") in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The Escrow Principal and Escrow Interest is herein referred to collectively
as the "Escrow Funds."   2. Delivery of the Escrow Principal to the Escrow
Agent. Pursuant to Section 2.5(a)(ii) of the Merger Agreement, Briggs has
deposited the Escrow Principal with the Escrow Agent and the Escrow Agent
acknowledges receipt of such funds. The Escrow Agent shall hold the Escrow
Principal and all Escrow Interest on behalf of the parties under the terms of
this Agreement and shall distribute the Escrow Principal and Escrow Interest
in accordance with Section 5 hereof.   - 1 -   91    3. Investment of
Escrow Funds. The Escrow Agent may invest and reinvest all cash funds from
time to time comprising the Escrow Funds in (i) bonds or other obligations
issued or guaranteed by the government of the United States of America and
not having maturities of greater than thirty (30) days; or (ii) demand or
time deposits in, or certificates of deposit of, a bank or trust company
incorporated under the laws of the United States of America, any
state thereof or the District of Columbia having a net worth in excess of
$500 million, and having maturities not greater than thirty (30) days; or
(iii) the _________________ money market fund or (iv) such other investments
as Briggs and the Representative shall approve in writing. In the absence of
any direction, the Escrow Agent shall invest the Escrow Funds in accordance
with Subsection (iii) above.   4. Delivery of Escrow Funds by Escrow Agent.
The Escrow Agent shall hold the Escrow Funds until instructed or otherwise
required to deliver the same or any portion thereof in accordance with
Section 5 hereof.   5. Distributions. The Escrow Agent shall disburse the
Escrow Funds only pursuant to and in accordance with the following
procedure:   (a) Briggs may at any time and on more than one occasion
give written notice to the Representative and the Escrow Agent that Briggs
is asserting one or more claims for payment under Sections 2.6, 3.12, 3.13,
3.14 and Article X of the Merger Agreement (a "Notice of Claim"). If known,
Briggs shall include the dollar amount of such claims in the Notice of Claim.
If the amount of such claims are not known at the time of the delivery of the
Notice of Claim, Briggs shall notify the Representative and the Escrow Agent
of the amount of such claims when they are known.   (b) If the Escrow Agent
and Briggs shall not have received from the Representative prior to the
thirtieth (30th) calendar day following the date of delivery of any Notice of
Claim, a written notice from the Representative of the type contemplated by
Section 5(c) of this Agreement, on the thirty-first (31st) day or, if not a
business day, on the next succeeding business day, the Escrow Agent shall
withdraw from the Escrow Funds and pay to Briggs by certified check or wire
transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by Briggs an
amount equal to the lesser of (i) the aggregate of the claims asserted in the
Notice of Claim or (ii) the balance in the Escrow Funds on the date of
payment; provided, that in the event the amount of such claims are not then
known, such payment shall be made to Briggs if within thirty (30)
calendar days after Briggs notifies the Representative and the Escrow Agent
of the amount of such claim, Briggs and the Escrow Agent shall not have
received from the Representative a written notice of the type contemplated by
Section 5(c) of this Agreement to the effect that the Representative disputes
the amount of one or more of the claims in the Notice of Claims. Any claim
set forth in a Notice of Claim that is not specifically disputed in a written
notice from the Representative of the type contemplated by Section 5(c) of
this Agreement shall be paid by the Escrow Agent in accordance with the
preceding sentences even though a notice of dispute might have been received
by the Escrow Agent with respect to other claims set forth in Briggs\'s
Notice of Claim.   (c) The Representative may deliver to the Escrow Agent
and Briggs, prior to the thirtieth (30th) calendar day following the date of
delivery of the above Notice of    - 2 -    92   Claim, a written
notice to the effect that the Representative disputes the fact or amount of
any one or more of the claims asserted in Briggs\'s Notice of Claim. If such
notice of dispute from the Representative is delivered to the Escrow Agent
and Briggs within such time period, then the Escrow Agent shall refrain from
making any disbursement from the Escrow Funds of the amount or
amounts specifically disputed in the notice of dispute from the
Representative until directed to do so by: (i) a written authorization signed
by the Representative and Briggs describing the resolution of the matter by
such parties, which authorization shall set forth the amount of the Escrow
Funds to be distributed to Briggs, or (ii) a certified copy of a final
judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, provided, however, that a
certified copy of a final judgment shall serve as a valid determination only
if the time for appeal has expired and no appeal has been perfected or all
appeals have been exhausted or no right of appeal exists. Any distribution of
Escrow Funds to Briggs in accordance with this Section 5(c) shall be made by
certified check or wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account
designated by Briggs.   (d) On September 30, 2002 (the "Termination Date")
all Escrow Funds in excess of that which the Escrow Agent is or may be
required to pay in respect of claims asserted in any Notice of Claim which
has not theretofore been paid or otherwise resolved, shall be distributed in
accordance with instructions delivered to the Escrow Agent by the
Representative; provided, that in the event a Notice of Claim has been
asserted and the amount of such claim is not known, no Escrow Funds shall be
released except in accordance with the following sentence. Any Escrow Funds
which are not distributed in accordance with the preceding sentence shall be
retained by the Escrow Agent until such time as any and all such claims of
Briggs which have not been paid or otherwise resolved on or prior to the
Termination Date shall have been paid or otherwise resolved in accordance
with this Section 5, at which time all of the remaining Escrow Funds then
held by the Escrow Agent shall be distributed in accordance with instructions
delivered to the Escrow Agent by the Representative.   (e) No release of
Escrow Funds hereunder shall limit Briggs\'s right to seek payment from the
Shareholders, which shall only be limited in the manner set forth in the
Merger Agreement.   6. Duties of the Escrow Agent. The Escrow Agent hereby
accepts its obligations under this Agreement, and represents that it has the
legal power and authority to enter into this Agreement and perform its
obligations hereunder. The Escrow Agent further agrees that all Escrow Funds
held by the Escrow Agent hereunder shall be segregated from all other
property held by the Escrow Agent and shall be identified as being held in
connection with this Agreement. Segregation may be accomplished by
appropriate identification on the books and records of the Escrow Agent. The
Escrow Agent agrees that its documents and records with respect to the
transactions contemplated hereby will be available for examination by
authorized representatives of Briggs and by the Representative.   7.
Conditions to Responsibilities of Escrow Agent. Acceptance by the Escrow
Agent of its duties under this Agreement is subject to the following terms
and conditions, which all parties to this Agreement hereby agree shall define
the rights, duties and immunities of the Escrow Agent:    - 3 -   
93    (a) The duties and obligations of the Escrow Agent shall
be determined solely by the express provisions of this Agreement, and the
Escrow Agent shall not be liable except for the performance of such duties
and obligations as are specifically set forth in this Agreement. [EXCEPT FOR
THE SERVICES IT [WILL/MAY] RENDER AS THE PAYING AGENT,] the Escrow Agent
shall not have any duty or responsibility for or with respect to the Merger
Agreement or any related undertaking and shall in no way be bound or
obligated by the terms thereof.   (b) The Escrow Agent shall not be
responsible for any failure or inability of Briggs, GPP, the Representative
or a Shareholder to comply with any of the provisions of any other agreement
to which they may be parties.   (c) Briggs and the Indemnifying Shareholder
shall, jointly and severally, reimburse and indemnify the Escrow Agent for,
and hold it harmless against, any loss, liability or expense, including but
not limited to attorneys\' fees and disbursements arising out of or in
connection with its acceptance of, or the performance of its duties and
obligations under, this Agreement or its defending against any claim or
liability arising out of or relating to this Agreement, other than claims,
losses, expenses or liabilities established to have arisen out of the
negligence or willful misconduct of the Escrow Agent. Any claim against the
Indemnifying Shareholder under this Section 7(c) shall first be paid out of
the Escrow Interest and to the extent Escrow Interest is not available
therefor the Indemnifying Shareholder shall be responsible for any additional
amounts due; provided that nothing in this sentence shall prevent
the Indemnifying Shareholder from seeking contribution from the other
Shareholders for such amounts.   (d) The Escrow Agent shall be fully
protected in acting on and relying upon any written notice, direction,
request, waiver, consent, receipt or other paper or document which the Escrow
Agent in good faith believes to be genuine and to have been signed or
presented by the proper party or parties.   (e) The Escrow Agent shall not
be liable for any error of judgment, or for any act done or step taken or
omitted by it in good faith or for any mistake, in fact or law, or for
anything else which it may do or refrain from doing in connection herewith,
except for its own negligence or willful misconduct.   (f) The Escrow Agent
may seek the advice of legal counsel in the event of any dispute or question
as to the construction of any of the provisions of this Agreement or its
duties hereunder, and it shall incur no liability and shall be fully
protected in respect of any action taken, omitted or suffered by it in good
faith in accordance with the advice of such counsel.   (g) In the event of
any dispute hereunder, the Escrow Agent shall have the right (but shall not
be obligated) to pay into court the entire balance of Escrow Funds and
thereafter be absolved of any further duty or obligation hereunder with
respect to the Escrow Funds.   8. Compensation. The Escrow Agent shall be
paid a fee of $_______ for its services to be rendered hereunder and shall be
reimbursed for all reasonable out-of-pocket   - 4 -    94   expenses
incurred by it in connection with the performance of its duties hereunder.
Briggs shall be responsible for fifty percent (50%) of such fees and expenses
and the Shareholders shall be responsible for fifty percent (50%) of such
fees and expenses. The Shareholders\' portion of such fees and expenses shall
be paid first from the Escrow Interest and to Escrow Interest is
not available therefor the Indemnifying Shareholder shall be responsible for
any additional amounts due hereunder; provided that nothing in this sentence
shall prevent the Indemnifying Shareholder from seeking contribution from the
other Shareholders for such amounts.   9. Resignation of the Escrow Agent;
Appointment of Successor. The Escrow Agent acting at any time hereunder may
resign at any time by giving ten days\' prior written notice of resignation
to Briggs and the Representative, such resignation to be effective on the
date specified in such notice. In addition, Briggs and the Representative may
jointly cause the removal of the Escrow Agent at any time upon the giving of
ten days\' written notice. In either event Briggs and the Representative
shall appoint as successor Escrow Agent a bank or trust company mutually
satisfactory to them by a written instrument delivered to each of the
retiring Escrow Agent and the successor Escrow Agent, and upon
such appointment and its acceptance thereof, the successor Escrow Agent shall
succeed to all the rights and obligations of the retiring Escrow Agent as of
the effective date of resignation or removal as though it had been originally
named herein, the retiring Escrow Agent shall be discharged from all duties
and obligations thereafter arising or accruing hereunder, and the retiring
Escrow Agent shall duly transfer and deliver the Escrow Funds to the
successor Escrow Agent. After any retiring Escrow Agent\'s resignation or
removal hereunder, the provisions of this Agreement shall continue to apply
as to any actions taken, omitted or suffered by it while it was the Escrow
Agent hereunder.   10. Amendment. This Agreement may be amended or
terminated only by a written agreement signed by each of the Escrow Agent,
Briggs and the Representative.   11. Notices. All notices, requests,
demands and other communications hereunder shall be given in writing and
shall be: (a) personally delivered; (b) sent by telecopier, facsimile
transmission or other electronic means of transmitting written documents; or
(c) sent to the parties at their respective addresses indicated herein by
registered or certified U.S. mail, return receipt requested and postage
prepaid, or by private overnight courier service. The respective addresses to
be used for all such notices, demands or requests are as follows:   If to
Briggs: Briggs and Stratton Corporation  Attn: John S. Shiely  12301 W. Wirth
Street  Wauwatosa, WI 53222  Facsimile: 414-259-5773   With a copy to:
Quarles and Brady LLP  Attn: Kathryn M. Buono  411 E. Wisconsin Avenue 
Milwaukee, WI 53202  Facsimile: 414-271-3552    - 5 -    95    And
to: Briggs and Stratton Corporation  Attn: Robert Heath  12301 W. Wirth
Street  Wauwatosa, WI 53222  Facsimile: 414-479-1245   If to the
Representative: The Beacon Group III-Focus Value  Funds, L.P.  Attn: Eric
Wilkinson  J.P. Morgan Partners  1221 Avenue of the Americas,  40th Floor 
New York, NY 10020  Facsimile: 212-899-3943   With a copy to: Simpson
Thacher and Bartlett  Atttn: William E. Curbow  425 Lexington Avenue  New
York, NY 10017  Facsimile: 212-455-2502   If to the Escrow Agent:
__________________________  __________________________ 
__________________________  __________________________   If personally
delivered, such communication shall be deemed delivered upon actual receipt;
if electronically transmitted pursuant to this paragraph, such communication
shall be deemed delivered the next business day after transmission (and
sender shall bear the burden of proof of delivery); if sent by overnight
courier pursuant to this paragraph, such communication shall be
deemed delivered upon receipt; and if sent by U.S. mail pursuant to this
paragraph, such communication shall be deemed delivered as of the date of
delivery indicated on the receipt issued by the relevant postal service, or,
if the addressee fails or refuses to accept delivery, as of the date of such
failure or refusal. Delivery to the Representative shall constitute delivery
to all Shareholders. Any person may change its address for the purposes of
this agreement by giving notice thereof in accordance with this Section.  
12. Governing Law. This Agreement is being delivered and is intended to be
performed in the State of Wisconsin and shall be construed and enforced
in accordance with, and the rights of the parties shall be governed by, the
laws of the State of Wisconsin.   13. Entire Agreement. This Agreement
constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to
the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior agreements and
understandings, written and oral. This Agreement may not be assigned by any
party except: (a) with the prior written consent of the other parties; or (b)
by Briggs to one or more direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiaries of
Briggs or to any lender to Briggs, in each case consistent with the
assignment provisions of the Merger Agreement and provided Briggs has
similarly assigned its rights and obligations pursuant to the
Merger Agreement to such    - 6 -   96   subsidiary or lender, and
provided further in each case that Briggs shall remain liable for the
performance of its obligations under this Agreement.   14. Headings. The
headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not
constitute a part hereof.   15. Counterparts. This agreement may be executed
in several counterparts, each of which shall constitute one and the same
agreement.     - 7 -     97    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have
executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.   BRIGGS and
STRATTON CORPORATION     By:_________________________________  
Title:______________________________    THE BEACON GROUP III-FOCUS VALUE 
FUND, L.P., as the Representative   By: BEACON FOCUS VALUE FUND  INVESTORS,
LLC  General Partner   By: ________________________________  Eric
Wilkinson   Title: _____________________________    [ESCROW AGENT]   
By:_________________________________  
Title:______________________________    - 8 -     98    EXHIBIT
5   GPP CLOSING CERTIFICATE   I, _________________________, hereby certify
that:   1. I am the duly elected, qualified and acting ______________
of Generac Portable Products, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("GPP").   2. I
am familiar with the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of
March ___, 2001 by and among Briggs and Stratton Corporation, a Wisconsin
corporation, GPP Merger Corporation, a Delaware corporation, GPP and The
Beacon Group III-Focus Value Fund, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership
(the "Merger Agreement").   3. Except for matters which would cause a
representation or warranty to not be true and correct solely as a result of
actions taken by GPP or an Affiliate in compliance with their obligations
pursuant to Article VII of the Merger Agreement and recognizing that for
purposes of the condition set forth in Section 8.3 to the Merger Agreement, a
representation or warranty will be deemed to have changed in a material
respect as a result of a Disclosure Schedule Change only if the Disclosure
Schedule Change reflects a material substantive change, regardless of whether
the quantity of items listed on the relevant Disclosure Schedule has
materially increased or decreased: (a) the representations and warranties
made by GPP in Section 4.1, Section 4.2 and Section 4.3 of the Merger
Agreement are true and correct in all respects on the date hereof without
regard to any Disclosure Schedule Change (unless such representations and
warranties relate to a specific earlier date, in which case such
representations and warranties remain true and correct in all respects as of
such earlier date) with the same force and effect as though
said representations and warranties had been made on the date hereof; and (b)
all of the other representations and warranties made by GPP in Article IV of
the Merger Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on the
date hereof without regard to any Disclosure Schedule Change (unless such
representations and warranties relate to a specific earlier date, in which
case such representations and warranties remain true and correct in all
material respects as of such earlier date) with the same force and effect as
though said representations and warranties had been made on the date
hereof.   4. GPP has performed and complied: (a) in all respects with all of
its obligations under Section 2.6(b), Section 3.5 and Section 3.10 of the
Merger Agreement which are to be performed or complied with by it prior to or
on the date hereof; and (b) in all material respects with all of its
obligations under the Merger Agreement which are to be performed or complied
with by it prior to or on the date hereof.   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have
executed this Closing Certificate in my official capacity as of this ___ day
of _______, 2001.   GENERAC PORTABLE PRODUCTS, INC.   By:
______________________________________   Name:
____________________________________   Title:
___________________________________     99    INDEMNIFYING SHAREHOLDER
CLOSING CERTIFICATE   I, _________________________, hereby certify that:  
1. I am the duly elected, qualified and acting _____________
of ______________________, the General Partner of The Beacon Group III -
Focus Value Fund, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the
"Indemnifying Shareholder").   2. I am familiar with the terms of the
Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of March ___, 2001 by and among Briggs
and Stratton Corporation, a Wisconsin corporation, GPP Merger Corporation, a
Delaware corporation, Generac Portable Products, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, and the Indemnifying Shareholder (the "Merger Agreement").  
3. The representations and warranties made by the Indemnifying Shareholder in
Section 5.2 and Section 5.4 of the Merger Agreement are true and correct in
all respects on the date hereof without regard to any Disclosure Schedule
Change (unless such representations and warranties relate to a
specific earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties
remain true and correct in all respects as of such earlier date) with the
same force and effect as though said representations and warranties had been
made on the date hereof; and all of the other representations and warranties
made by the Indemnifying Shareholder in Article V of the Merger Agreement are
true and correct in all material respects on the date hereof without regard
to any Disclosure Schedule Change (unless such representations and warranties
relate to a specific earlier date, in which case such representations and
warranties remain true and correct in all material respects as of such
earlier date) with the same force and effect as though said representations
and warranties had been made on the date hereof.   4. The Indemnifying
Shareholder has performed and complied: (a) in all respects with all of its
obligations under Section 3.5 and Section 3.10 of the Merger Agreement which
are to be performed or complied with by it prior to or on the date hereof;
and (b) in all material respects with all of its obligations under the Merger
Agreement which are to be performed or complied with by it prior to or on the
date hereof.   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have executed this Closing Certificate
in my official capacity as of this ___ day of _______, 2001.   THE BEACON
GROUP III - FOCUS VALUE  FUND, L.P.   By:
______________________________________  General Partner    By:
______________________________________   Name:
____________________________________   Title:
___________________________________     100   EXHIBIT 6   FORM OF GPP
COUNSEL OPINION   The following opinions shall be reflected in the GPP
Counsel Opinion in substantially the form provided below and subject to
reasonable qualifications, assumptions and limitations set forth therein:  
1. GPP is a corporation validly existing and in good standing under the law
of the State of Delaware. GPPD is a corporation validly existing and in
good standing under the law of the State of Delaware. GPPW is a corporation
validly existing and in active status (meaning it has filed its annual report
for the most recently completed report year and has not filed articles of
dissolution) under the law of the State of Wisconsin. LLC is a limited
liability company validly existing and in good standing under the law of the
State of Delaware. The Indemnifying Shareholder is a limited partnership
validly existing and in good standing under the law of the State of
Delaware.   2. GPP and each Affiliate have the requisite corporate or
limited liability company power and authority to own, lease and operate their
respective assets and properties and to conduct their respective businesses
as, to our knowledge, they now conduct such businesses.   3. Each of GPP
and the Indemnifying Shareholder has the necessary corporate or partnership
power and authority to enter into, execute and deliver the Agreement and the
documents required thereby to which each is a party, to perform its
respective obligations thereunder and to consummate the
transactions contemplated thereby.   4. The execution and delivery by each
of GPP and the Indemnifying Shareholder of the Agreement and the documents
required thereby to which GPP or the Indemnifying Shareholder is a party and
the consummation by GPP and the Indemnifying Shareholder of the transactions
contemplated thereby, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or
partnership action on the part of GPP and the Indemnifying Shareholder, as
the case may be.   5. The Agreement and the documents required thereby to
which GPP or the Indemnifying Shareholder is a party have been duly executed
and delivered by GPP or the Indemnifying Shareholder, as the case may be, and
constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of GPP and the Indemnifying
Shareholder, as the case may be, enforceable against each of them in
accordance with their respective terms.   6. The execution and delivery of
the Agreement by GPP and the Indemnifying Shareholder and the documents
required thereby to which GPP or the Indemnifying Shareholder is a party do
not, and the performance of the Agreement by GPP and the Indemnifying
Shareholder will not, conflict with or violate: (a) the Certificate of
Incorporation or Bylaws of GPP; (b) the _________________ or Limited
Partnership Agreement of the Indemnifying Shareholder; (c) to our knowledge,
the law of the State of New York, the federal law of the United States and
the Delaware General Corporation Law; or (d) any Contract listed on SCHEDULE
1 attached hereto.    101    7. SCHEDULE 2 attached hereto sets forth
the entire authorized capital stock of GPP, GPPD and GPPW, and the entire
authorized membership interests of LLC. To our knowledge, based solely upon a
review of the corporate records of GPP made available to us, there are no
outstanding subscriptions, warrants, options or other rights to acquire from
GPP any of its capital stock, except as set forth in the Agreement and the
Disclosure Schedule.   8. The outstanding shares of GPP\'s, GPPD\'s and
GPPW\'s common stock and the outstanding membership interests of LLC as shown
on SCHEDULE 2 attached hereto have been duly authorized and validly issued
and are fully paid and non-assessable except as set forth in Section
180.0622(2)(b) of the Wisconsin Statutes.    102     SCHEDULE
1  [CONTRACTS 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 (IF GOVERNED BY NY LAW), 6, 7, AND 8 OF SCHEDULE
II OF DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE]    103    EXHIBIT 7   PAYING AGENT
AGREEMENT   THIS PAYING AGENT AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made as
of ____________, 2001, by and among Briggs and Stratton Corporation, a
Wisconsin corporation ("Briggs"), Generac Portable Products, Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("GPP"), The Beacon Group III - Focus Value Fund, L.P. (in its
capacity as representative of the Shareholders (as defined in the Merger
Agreement), the "Representative," and in its individual capacity, the
"Indemnifying Shareholder"), and ________________________, a
__________________, in its capacity as paying agent hereunder (in such
capacity, the "Paying Agent").   RECITALS   A. Briggs, GPP Merger
Corporation ("Acquisition"), GPP and the Indemnifying Shareholder are parties
to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement") dated as of March
____, 2001.   B. The Merger Agreement contemplates and provides for the
merger of Acquisition with and into GPP pursuant to which all of the
outstanding shares of and warrants to purchase GPP\'s Common Stock will be
converted into the right to receive cash and all of the issued and
outstanding shares of Acquisition\'s common stock will be converted into
shares of GPP\'s common stock.   C. The Merger Agreement further
contemplates and provides for the distribution of certain funds by the Paying
Agent to the Shareholders of GPP and to the former holders of GPP stock
options (the "Option Holders"). The parties wish to establish by means of
this Agreement a procedure to provide for the orderly payment of such funds
to the Shareholders and the Option Holders.   NOW THEREFORE, in
consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants contained herein, and
intending to be legally bound, the parties hereto agree as follows:   1.
Delivery of Funds.   (a) Briggs herewith deposits with the Paying
Agent _____________________ Dollars ($_______) and the Paying Agent
hereby acknowledges the receipt of such sum (the "Merger Deposit"). The
Merger Deposit and all interest earned thereon is referred to as the "Merger
Fund". The Paying Agent accepts the Merger Fund and agrees to hold the same
in a separate and segregated account (the "Merger Account"), to invest and
reinvest the Merger Fund, and to disburse the same in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement.   (b) Briggs shall deposit the Earnout (as defined
in the Merger Agreement), if any and less any Offsets (as defined in the
Merger Agreement), with the Paying Agent in accordance with Section 2.7(b) of
the Merger Agreement (the "Earnout Deposit"). The Earnout Deposit and all
interest earned thereon is referred to as the "Earnout Fund". The Paying
Agent shall accept the Earnout Fund and agrees to hold the same in a separate
and segregated account    - 1 -   104   (the "Earnout Account"), to
invest the Earnout Fund, and to disburse the same in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement.   (c) Briggs shall deposit the aggregate Option
Payments (as defined in the Merger Agreement), if any, with the Paying Agent
in accordance with Section 2.7(b) of the Merger Agreement (the "Option
Deposit"). The Option Deposit and all interest earned thereon is referred to
as the "Option Fund". The Paying Agent shall accept the Option Fund and
agrees to hold the same in a separate and segregated account (the "Option
Account"), to invest the Option Fund, and to disburse the same in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement.   (d) The Merger Fund, the Earnout Fund
and the Option Fund are referred to collectively herein as the "Funds."  
2. Investment. The Paying Agent may invest and reinvest all cash funds from
time to time comprising the Funds in (i) demand deposits in any bank or trust
company incorporated under the laws of the United States of America,
any state thereof or the District of Columbia having a net worth in excess of
$500 million; (ii) the _________________ money market fund; or (iii) such
other investments as GPP and the Representative shall approve in writing. In
the absence of any direction, the Paying Agent shall invest the Funds in
accordance with Subsection (i) above.   3. Merger Payment Statements.
Schedule A attached hereto sets forth a complete list of the Shareholders and
the portion of the Merger Deposit payable to each Shareholder. Upon receipt
of a properly executed Merger Payment Statement (in the form of Schedule B
attached hereto) from any Shareholder following the date hereof, the Paying
Agent shall make payment to such Shareholder in accordance with the
provisions of such Merger Payment Statement and Section 4 below.   4.
Disbursements.   (a) The amounts in the Merger Account from time to time
shall be released and disbursed by the Paying Agent in the manner and under
the circumstances hereinafter specified:   (i) At any time following
receipt of the Merger Deposit, the Paying Agent shall pay or cause to be paid
to each Shareholder from whom it has received a properly executed Merger
Payment Statement the portion of the Merger Deposit payable to such
Shareholder as set forth in Schedule A.   (ii) In no event shall the Paying
Agent disburse any amount of the Merger Deposit allocable to a Shareholder
until it receives from such Shareholder a Merger Payment Statement duly
signed and otherwise in proper form.   (iii) Any payment to be made to a
Shareholder by the Paying Agent out of the Merger Fund shall be made as
instructed by such Shareholder in such Shareholder\'s Merger Payment
Statement.    - 2 -   105    (iv) At any time after one year from the
date hereof, Briggs, by notice to the Paying Agent, may require the Paying
Agent to pay the remaining portion of the Merger Fund to GPP as provided in
Section 2.5(c) of the Merger Agreement.   (b) The amounts in the Earnout
Account from time to time shall be released and disbursed by the Paying Agent
in the manner and under the circumstances hereinafter specified:   (i)
Following calculation of the Earnout, the Representative shall deliver to the
Paying Agent a notice (the "Earnout Notice") which sets forth the name of
each Shareholder and the portion of the Earnout Deposit payable to
each Shareholder. Following receipt of the Earnout Notice and the Earnout
Deposit, and provided the Paying Agent has received a properly executed
Merger Payment Statement from a Shareholder, the Paying Agent shall disburse
to such Shareholder the amount set forth in the Earnout Notice.   (ii) Any
payment to be made to a Shareholder by the Paying Agent out of the Earnout
Fund shall be made as instructed by such Shareholder in such Shareholder\'s
Merger Payment Statement.   (iii) At any time after one year from the date
of receipt of the Earnout Deposit by the Paying Agent, Briggs, by notice to
the Paying Agent, may require the Paying Agent to pay the remaining portion
of the Earnout Fund to GPP as provided in Section 2.5(c) of the Merger
Agreement.   (c) The amounts in the Option Account shall be released and
disbursed by the Paying Agent in the manner and under the circumstances set
forth herein. Following the calculation of the aggregate Option Payments, the
Representative shall deliver to the Paying Agent a notice (the "Option
Notice") which sets forth the name and address of each Option Holder and the
portion of the Option Deposit payable to each Option Holder. Following
receipt of the Option Deposit, the Paying Agent shall disburse to such
Shareholder the amount set forth in the Option Notice.   5. Accounting.
Within a reasonable time after delivery of the remainder of the Merger Fund
in accordance with Section 4(a) hereof, delivery of the remainder of the
Earnout Fund in accordance with Section 4(b) hereof, and disbursement of the
Option Fund in accordance with Section 4(c) hereof, the Paying Agent shall
deliver to Briggs and the Representative an accounting which shall consist of
a statement of all receipts of and disbursements made from the Merger
Account, the Earnout Account or the Option Account, as the case may
be. Unless Briggs or the Representative shall object to such accounting
within thirty (30) days after the date of the delivery of such accounting to
it, the Paying Agent shall be discharged forever and absolutely from any and
all liabilities and obligations whatsoever to Briggs, GPP or the
Representative arising by virtue of this Agreement or the relevant Fund and
in no event whatsoever shall the Paying Agent be required otherwise to
account for, or give evidence of the fact, amount or propriety of, any
disbursements made by it, except as provided in this Section 5, unless the
Paying Agent shall have acted with negligence or willful misconduct. Any such
objection to such accounting must be in writing and must be delivered or sent
to the Paying Agent by registered or certified mail.    - 3 -  
106    6. Tax Information. The Paying Agent shall be responsible for
the preparation of any required tax reports related to the Merger Account,
the Earnout Account and the Option Account, and shall provide any necessary
tax information to the parties.   7. Conditions to Responsibilities of
Paying Agent. Acceptance by the Paying Agent of its duties under this
Agreement is subject to the following terms and conditions, which all parties
to this Agreement hereby agree shall define the rights, duties and immunities
of the Paying Agent:   (a) The duties and obligations of the Paying Agent
shall be determined solely by the express provisions of this Agreement, and
the Paying Agent shall not be liable except for the performance of such
duties and obligations as are specifically set forth in this Agreement.
[EXCEPT FOR THE SERVICES IT [WILL/MAY] RENDER AS ESCROW AGENT,] the Paying
Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility for or with respect to the
Merger Agreement or any related undertaking and shall in no way be bound or
obligated by the terms thereof.   (b) The Paying Agent shall not be
responsible for any failure or inability of Briggs, GPP, the Representative
or a Shareholder to comply with any of the provisions of any other agreement
to which they may be parties.   (c) Briggs and the Shareholders shall,
jointly and severally, reimburse and indemnify the Paying Agent for, and hold
it harmless against, any loss, liability or expense, including but not
limited to attorneys\' fees and disbursements, arising out of or in
connection with its acceptance of, or the performance of its duties and
obligations under, this Agreement or its defending against any claim or
liability arising out of or relating to this Agreement, other than claims,
loss, expenses or liabilities established to have arisen out of the
negligence or willful misconduct of the Paying Agent. Any claim made against
the Shareholders under this Section 7(c) shall first be paid from
any earnings on the escrow account established pursuant to the Merger
Agreement and to the extent funds are not available thereunder the
Indemnifying Shareholder shall be responsible for any additional amounts due
hereunder; provided that nothing in this sentence shall prevent the
Indemnifying Shareholder from seeking contribution from the other
Shareholders for such amounts.   (d) The Paying Agent shall be fully
protected in acting on and relying upon any written notice, direction,
request, waiver, consent, receipt or other paper or document which the Paying
Agent in good faith believes to be genuine and to have been signed or
presented by the proper party or parties.   (e) The Paying Agent shall not
be liable for any error of judgment, or for any act done or step taken or
omitted by it in good faith or for any mistake, in fact or law, or for
anything else which it may do or refrain from doing in connection herewith,
except for its own negligence or willful misconduct.   (f) The Paying Agent
may seek the advice of legal counsel in the event of any dispute or question
as to the construction of any of the provisions of this agreement or its
duties hereunder, and it shall incur no liability and shall be fully
protected in respect of any action    - 4 -    107   taken, omitted
or suffered by it in good faith in accordance with the advice of such
counsel.   (g) In the event of any dispute hereunder, the Paying Agent
shall have the right (but shall not be obligated) to pay into court the
entire Merger Fund, Earnout Fund or Option Fund and thereafter be absolved of
any further duty or obligation hereunder with respect to such Fund.   8.
Compensation. The Paying Agent shall be paid the sum of $_______ for its
services to be rendered hereunder and shall be reimbursed for all
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by it in connection with the
performance of its duties hereunder. Briggs shall be responsible for fifty
percent (50%) of such fees and expenses and the Shareholders shall be
responsible for fifty percent (50%) of such fees and expenses. The
Shareholders\' portion of such fees and expenses shall be paid first from any
earnings on the escrow account established pursuant to the Merger Agreement
and to the extent funds are not available thereunder the Indemnifying
Shareholder shall be responsible for any additional amounts due hereunder;
provided that nothing in this sentence shall prevent the Indemnifying
Shareholder from seeking contribution from the other Shareholders for such
amounts.   9. Resignation of Paying Agent; Appointment of Successor. The
Paying Agent acting at any time hereunder may resign at any time by giving
ten days\' prior written notice of resignation to Briggs and the
Representative, such resignation to be effective on the date specified in
such notice. In addition, Briggs and the Representative may jointly cause the
removal of the Paying Agent at any time upon the giving of ten days\' written
notice. In either event Briggs and the Representative shall appoint as
successor Paying Agent a bank or trust company mutually satisfactory to them
by a written instrument delivered to each of the retiring Paying Agent and
the successor Paying Agent, and upon such appointment and its acceptance
thereof, the successor Paying Agent shall succeed to all the rights and
obligations of the retiring Paying Agent as of the effective date of
resignation or removal as though it had been originally named herein, the
retiring Paying Agent shall be discharged from all duties and obligations
thereafter arising or accruing hereunder, and the retiring Paying Agent shall
duly transfer and deliver to the successor Paying Agent the Merger Account,
the Earnout Account, the Option Account and any other property then held by
the retiring Paying Agent hereunder. After any retiring Paying
Agent\'s resignation or removal hereunder, the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue to apply as to any actions taken, omitted or suffered by it
while it was the Paying Agent hereunder.   10. Amendment. This Agreement
may be amended or terminated only by a written agreement signed by each of
the Paying Agent, Briggs, GPP and the Representative.   11. Notices. All
notices, requests, demands and other communications hereunder shall be given
in writing and shall be: (a) personally delivered; (b) sent by telecopier,
facsimile transmission or other electronic means of transmitting written
documents; or (c) sent to the parties at their respective addresses indicated
herein by registered or certified U.S. mail, return receipt requested and
postage prepaid, or by private overnight mail courier service. The respective
addresses to be used for all such notices, demands or requests are
as follows:    - 5 -   108     If to Briggs or GPP: Briggs and
Stratton Corporation  Attn: John S. Shiely  12301 W. Wirth Street 
Wauwatosa, WI 53222  Facsimile: 414-259-5773   With a copy to: Quarles and
Brady LLP  Attn: Kathryn M. Buono  411 E. Wisconsin Avenue  Milwaukee, WI
53202  Facsimile: (414) 271-3552   And to: Briggs and Stratton Corporation 
Attn: Robert Heath  12301 W. Wirth Street  Wauwatosa, WI 53222  Facsimile:
414-479-1245   If to the Representative: The Beacon Group III-Focus Value
Fund,  L.P.  Attn: Eric Wilkinson  J.P. Morgan Partners  1221 Avenue of
the Americas, 40th Floor  New York, NY 10020  Facsimile: 212-899-3943  
With a copy to: Simpson Thacher and Bartlett  Attn: William E. Curbow  425
Lexington Avenue  New York, NY 10017  Facsimile: 212-455-2502   If to the
Paying Agent: ______________________________________ 
______________________________________ 
______________________________________ 
______________________________________   If personally delivered, such
communication shall be deemed delivered upon actual receipt; if
electronically transmitted pursuant to this paragraph, such communication
shall be deemed delivered the next business day after transmission (and
sender shall bear the burden of proof of delivery); if sent by overnight
courier pursuant to this paragraph, such communication shall be
deemed delivered upon receipt; and if sent by U.S. mail pursuant to this
paragraph, such communication shall be deemed delivered as of the date of
delivery indicated on the receipt issued by the relevant postal service, or,
if the addressee fails or refuses to accept delivery, as of the date of such
failure or refusal. Delivery to the Representative shall constitute delivery
to all Shareholders. Any person may change its address for the purposes of
this agreement by giving notice thereof in accordance with this Section.  
- 6 -   109    12. Governing Law. This Agreement is being delivered and
is intended to be performed in the State of Wisconsin and shall be construed
and enforced in accordance with, and the rights of the parties shall be
governed by, the laws of the State of Wisconsin.   13. Entire Agreement.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto
with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior
agreements and understandings, written and oral. This Agreement may not be
assigned by any party except: (a) with the prior written consent of the other
parties; or (b) by Briggs to one or more direct or indirect wholly owned
subsidiaries of Briggs or to any lender to Briggs, in each case consistent
with the assignment provisions of the Merger Agreement and provided Briggs
has similarly assigned its rights and obligations pursuant to the
Merger Agreement to such subsidiary or lender, and provided further in each
case that Briggs shall remain liable for the performance of its obligations
under this Agreement.   14. Headings. The headings in this Agreement are
inserted for convenience only and shall not constitute a part hereof.   15.
Counterparts. This agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of
which shall constitute one and the same agreement.    - 7 -   110   
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed on
the date first above written.   BRIGGS and STRATTON CORPORATION   
By:__________________________________ 
Title:_______________________________   GENERAC PORTABLE PRODUCTS, 
INC.    By:__________________________________ 
Title:_______________________________   THE BEACON GROUP III-FOCUS VALUE
FUND,  the Indemnifying Shareholder and as the  Representative   By:
BEACON FOCUS VALUE FUND  INVESTORS, LLC, General Partner   By:
________________________________  Eric Wilkinson  
Title:_______________________________   [PAYING AGENT]   
By:__________________________________ 
Title:_______________________________     - 8 -    111    EXHIBIT
8   CRITERIA FOR OBSOLETE INVENTORY  Obsolete Inventory shall be
determined based upon the following procedures:  For production parts:  
1. A listing of Inventory by part number showing on-hand  quantities will be
generated as of the Effective Time of  Merger.   2. GPP will track quantity
usage by part number for the period  from the Effective Time of Merger to
June 30, 2002. This  quantity usage will be subtracted from the on-hand
quantity  indicated in 1. above.   a. To the extent the difference between
the on-hand  quantity and quantity usage is zero or negative, the  part will
be deemed not to be obsolete.   b. To the extent the difference between the
on-hand  quantity and quantity usage is a positive number,  expected usage
for the following ten months, as  indicated in GPP\'s MRP system, will be
subtracted  from the on-hand quantity. GPP will only include  reasonable
requirements in its MRP system. To the  extent that this difference remains
positive, the  difference will be deemed to be obsolete Inventory.   c. The
quantity of obsolete Inventory will be costed  using the same cost per unit
as used in costing the  Inventory as of the Effective Time of Merger, less 
the net realizable value of such Inventory.  For service parts   1. A
listing of Inventory by part number showing on-hand  quantities will be
generated as of the Effective Time of  Merger.   2. GPP will track quantity
sold by part number for the period  from the Effective Time of Merger to June
30, 2002. This  quantity sold will be subtracted from the on-hand quantity 
indicated in 1. above.   a. To the extent the difference between the on-
hand  quantity less the quantity sold is zero or negative,  the part will be
deemed not to be obsolete.   b. To the extent the difference between the on-
hand  quantity less the quantity sold is a positive number,  a calculation
of years sales on-hand will be made and  evaluated in connection with
historical on-hand  quantities in GPP and Briggs service operations. 
Inventory quantities in excess of historical service  part requirements will
be deemed to be obsolete.   - 1 -   112     c. Any Inventory deemed to
be obsolete Inventory will be  costed using the same cost per unit as used
in  costing the Inventory as of the Effective Time of  Merger, less the net
realizable value of such  Inventory.  General  The costed obsolete
Inventory calculated pursuant to the above procedure for production and
service parts will be compared to Inventory obsolescence reserves recorded at
the Effective Time of Merger.    - 2 -   '

