<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>c25309x993.txt
<DESCRIPTION>NO SOLICITATION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>




                           Constellation Brands, Inc.
                           300 WillowBrook Office Park
                                Fairport NY 14450



13 January 2003


The Directors
BRL Hardy Limited
Reynell Road
Reynella
South Australia 5161
Australia


                         STRICTLY PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL


Gentlemen

We refer to the mutual interest expressed by BRL Hardy Limited ("BRL Hardy") and
Constellation Brands, Inc. ("Constellation") to pursue certain business
opportunities, which may include a merger of our respective businesses or part
thereof (such activities being referred to in this letter collectively as the
"Transaction") and the letter dated 18 November 2002 from BRL Hardy to
Constellation relating to the exchange of confidential information between the
parties in relation to the Transaction (the "Confidentiality Letter").

This letter records that in consideration of Constellation committing time and
money to pursuing the Transaction, BRL Hardy agrees to abstain from taking
certain actions as set forth in this letter.

1.          DEFINITIONS

            In this letter:

            "Affiliate" means, in relation to a party another Person that
            directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls
            or is controlled by or is under common control with such party.

            "Board" means the board of directors of BRL Hardy.

            "Corporations Act" means the Corporations Act 2001 of the
            Commonwealth of Australia.

            "No Solicitation Period" means the period starting on the date of
            this Letter and finishing either:

            (a)         on 28 February 2003 if:

                        (i)   no proposal to enter into a Transaction is
                              received from Constellation by and including that
                              date; or

                        (ii)  a proposal to enter into a Transaction is received
                              from Constellation by and including that date, but
                              BRL Hardy and Constellation have not entered into
                              a Transaction Agreement by and including that
                              date; or
<PAGE>

            (b)         if a proposal is received by 28 February 2003 and an
                        agreement is entered into by that date between BRL Hardy
                        and Constellation which provides for the implementation
                        of a Transaction, on the first to occur of:

                        (i)   the date on which the Transaction is completed;
                              and

                        (ii)  the date on which the Transaction Agreement is
                              validly terminated in accordance with its terms.

            "Person" means any natural person, corporation, limited liability
            company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership,
            governmental authority or other entity.

            "Representative" means, in relation to a party, that party's
            directors, officers, employees, agents or advisers (including
            without limitation lawyers, accountants, consultants, bankers,
            financial advisers and any representatives of those advisers).

            "Superior Proposal" means any bona fide proposal by a Person to
            acquire all or a majority of the shares in BRL Hardy or all or a
            majority of the assets of BRL Hardy and its Affiliates that:

            (a)         in the good faith determination of the Board after
                        consultation with BRL Hardy's financial and legal
                        advisers is reasonably capable of being completed,
                        taking into account all aspects of such proposal and the
                        Person making such proposal; and

            (b)         in the good faith determination of the Board (based on
                        the written opinions, with only customary
                        qualifications, of BRL Hardy's financial advisers)
                        would, if consummated in accordance with its terms,
                        result in a transaction more favourable from a financial
                        point of view to the shareholders of BRL Hardy than the
                        Transaction (or any counterproposal made by
                        Constellation as the case may be) taking into account
                        all the terms and conditions of such proposal.

            "Third Party Proposal" means any expression of interest, proposal or
            offer by any Person (other than Constellation or an Affiliate of
            Constellation) to evaluate or enter into any transaction which is
            similar to the Transaction or under which:

            (a)         that Person may acquire a relevant interest (as defined
                        in the Corporations Act) in more than 15% of the share
                        capital of BRL Hardy or any Affiliate of BRL Hardy;

            (b)         that Person may acquire, directly or indirectly
                        (including by way of joint venture, dual listed
                        structure or otherwise), any interest in all or a
                        substantial part of the business or assets of BRL Hardy
                        or any Affiliate of BRL Hardy;

            (c)         that Person may otherwise acquire control of or merge or
                        amalgamate with BRL Hardy or an Affiliate of BRL Hardy;

            (d)         BRL Hardy will issue a material amount of its share
                        capital as consideration for the assets or share capital
                        of another Person; or

            (e)         BRL Hardy will effect or implement any reorganisation,
                        recapitalisation or dissolution.

            "Transaction Agreement" means an agreement between BRL Hardy and
            Constellation which provides for the implementation of the
            Transaction.

<PAGE>

2.          NO SOLICITATION

            Subject to paragraphs 4 and 5 of this letter, BRL Hardy agrees that
            during the No Solicitation Period, BRL Hardy must not, and must
            ensure that its Affiliates and its Representatives do not, except
            with the prior written consent of Constellation:

            (a)         solicit, encourage or invite, directly or indirectly,
                        any enquiries, discussions or proposals in relation to,
                        or which may reasonably be expected to lead to, a Third
                        Party Proposal;

            (b)         initiate or continue any discussions or negotiations in
                        relation to, or which may reasonably be expected to lead
                        to, a Third Party Proposal or which might otherwise lead
                        to the Transaction not proceeding, whether any such
                        discussions or negotiations are solicited or encouraged
                        by BRL Hardy or otherwise;

            (c)         enter into any agreement, arrangement or understanding
                        in relation to or which may reasonably be expected to
                        lead to a Third Party Proposal;

            (d)         approve, recommend or endorse, or propose to approve,
                        recommend or endorse, any Third Party Proposal; or

            (e)         communicate to any Person an intention to do any of the
                        things referred to in paragraphs (a) to (d) above.

3.          NOTIFICATION OF APPROACHES

            BRL Hardy confirms that at the date of signing this Letter there
            have been no approaches from any party other than Constellation to
            merge with or make an offer for any part of BRL Hardy's share
            capital or assets and that since signing the Confidentiality Letter,
            BRL Hardy has not taken any action that would have breached
            paragraph 2 of this letter had it been operative.

            During the No Solicitation Period, BRL Hardy will promptly advise
            Constellation of:

            (a)         any approach, inquiry or proposal made to, and any
                        attempt to initiate negotiations or discussions with,
                        BRL Hardy or any of its Affiliates or Representatives
                        with respect to any Third Party Proposal, whether
                        unsolicited or otherwise;

            (b)         any request for information relating to BRL Hardy or any
                        of its Affiliates or any of their businesses or
                        operations or any request for access to the books or
                        records of BRL Hardy or any of its Affiliates, which BRL
                        Hardy has reasonable grounds to suspect may relate to a
                        current or future Third Party Proposal; and

            (c)         the identity of the Person or Persons taking the actions
                        set forth in paragraphs 3(a) and (b), and the terms and
                        conditions of any Third Party Proposal or any proposed
                        Third Party Proposal.

4.          NORMAL PROVISION OF INFORMATION

            Nothing in this letter prevents BRL Hardy from:

            (a)         providing information to its Representatives;

            (b)         providing information required to be provided to the
                        Australian Stock Exchange; or

            (c)         making presentations to brokers, portfolio investors and
                        analysts in the ordinary course of business.

<PAGE>

5.          FIDUCIARY DUTIES

            If at any time during the No Solicitation Period BRL Hardy receives
            a bona fide Third Party Proposal which was not solicited by BRL
            Hardy and was not otherwise brought about as a result of any breach
            by BRL Hardy of its obligations under this Letter and the Board
            acting in good faith:

            (a)         determines after consultation with its financial and
                        legal advisers that such Third Party Proposal is a
                        Superior Proposal or is a proposal made in good faith in
                        order to bring about a Superior Proposal and which is
                        reasonably likely to result in a Superior Proposal by
                        the party making the Third Party Proposal;

            (b)         obtains a written opinion from Queen's Counsel or Senior
                        Counsel practising in the field of corporate law in
                        Australia to the effect that the directors of BRL Hardy
                        must cause BRL Hardy to undertake any act or acts with
                        respect to such Third Party Proposal which would
                        otherwise be prohibited by the terms of this letter in
                        order to discharge properly their fiduciary or statutory
                        duties or to avoid a contravention of the law; and

            (c)         provides a copy of the opinion referred to in (b) above
                        to Constellation's Australian counsel under arrangements
                        which preserve the legal professional privilege
                        attaching to that opinion;

            then, subject to complying with its obligations under the paragraph
            6 of this Letter, BRL Hardy may undertake the act or acts referred
            to in paragraph (b) above with respect to such unsolicited Third
            Party Proposal.

            If BRL Hardy either (i) receives from any Person in connection with
            a Third Party Proposal or (ii) pursuant to and in compliance with
            this Letter provides to any Person in connection with a Third Party
            Proposal, any correspondence, information or other written material
            ("Third Party Material"), BRL Hardy shall as promptly as
            practicable after receipt or delivery thereof provide to
            Constellation a copy of any such Third Party Material which has not
            previously been provided to Constellation.

6.          RIGHT TO MATCH

            (a)         If at any time during the No Solicitation Period, BRL
                        Hardy receives a Superior Proposal from any Person, then
                        prior to the Board approving or recommending such
                        Superior Proposal or entering into any agreement
                        providing for such Superior Proposal, BRL Hardy shall
                        give Constellation notice in writing of its intention to
                        do so, which notice must state that the BRL Hardy Board
                        has resolved, subject only to compliance with this
                        paragraph 6(a), to approve such Superior Proposal or an
                        agreement providing for such Superior Proposal, specify
                        the terms and conditions of such Superior Proposal,
                        identify the Person making such Superior Proposal and be
                        accompanied by a written copy of such Superior Proposal
                        and any proposed agreement providing for such Superior
                        Proposal.

            (b)         Constellation shall have the right, but not the
                        obligation, at any time during the period of 3 Business
                        Days following receipt by Constellation of the notice
                        referred to in paragraph 6(a), to offer to amend the
                        terms of the Transaction (a "Counterproposal").

            (c)         If Constellation makes a Counterproposal within the
                        period referred to in paragraph 6(b) then during the 3
                        Business Days following receipt of the Counterproposal
                        (the "Review Period") BRL Hardy and the Board shall
                        review in good faith the Counterproposal. If the Board
                        determines that BRL Hardy's acceptance of the
                        Counterproposal would result in the Superior Proposal
                        referred to in paragraph 6(a) ceasing to be a Superior

<PAGE>

                        Proposal, then BRL Hardy and Constellation must enter
                        into an amended agreement in relation to the Transaction
                        reflecting the Counterproposal.

            (d)         If Constellation does not make a Counterproposal or if
                        at the end of the Review Period the Board, acting in
                        good faith, determines after consultation with its
                        financial and legal advisors that, after taking the
                        Counterproposal into account, the Superior Proposal
                        referred to in clause paragraph 6(a) remains a Superior
                        Proposal and is required to be pursued by BRL Hardy in
                        order for the Board to discharge properly their
                        fiduciary or statutory duties or to avoid a
                        contravention of the law, then BRL Hardy must announce
                        through the Australian Stock Exchange that the BRL Hardy
                        Board recommends the Superior Proposal to BRL Hardy
                        shareholders and on making such announcement shall be
                        entitled to pursue the Superior Proposal.

            (e)         BRL Hardy acknowledges and agrees that each material
                        successive modification of any Third Party Proposal that
                        is determined to be a Superior Proposal shall be deemed
                        to constitute a new Superior Proposal for purposes of
                        this paragraph 6.

7.          COUNTERPARTS, SEVERABILITY AND AMENDMENT

            This letter may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of
            which taken together shall constitute on and the same letter. Either
            party may enter into the agreement set forth in this letter by
            signing any such counterpart. If any provision of this letter is
            determined to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, in whole
            or in part, the remaining provisions of this letter shall be
            unaffected thereby and shall remain in full force and effect to the
            fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Any amendment,
            modification or waiver of this letter or any part of it must be in
            writing signed by each of the parties to this letter.

8.          GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

            This letter shall be governed by the laws of the State of South
            Australia, without regard to conflicts of laws principles. The
            parties consent to the jurisdiction and venue of the South
            Australian Supreme Court for any action arising under or in
            connection with this letter.

Please confirm that this letter is in accordance with BRL Hardy's understanding
of our agreement by signing this letter as indicated below.

Very truly yours

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC.



By:/s/ F. Paul Hetterich

Name:F. Paul Hetterich

Accepted and agreed to as of the date first set forth above

BRL HARDY LIMITED



By:/s/ D. B. Millar

Name:  D. B. Millar



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
