 STOCK PURCHASE AGREMENT DATED AS OF JULY 9,
2001     Exhibit 2.1    STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT   dated as of  
July 9, 2001   among   CHARMING SHOPPES, INC.,   VENICE ACQUISITION
CORPORATION,   LFAS, INC.   and   THE LIMITED, INC.   relating to the
purchase and sale   of   100% of the Common Stock   of   LBH,
INC.    Table of Contents     Page  ~~   Article 1 
Definitions Section 1.01.
Definitions...................................................................................
1   Article 2  Purchase and Sale  Section 2.01. Purchase and
Sale.............................................................................
8 Section 2.02.
Closing.......................................................................................
8 Section 2.03. Closing Net Tangible
Assets...................................................................
9 Section 2.04. Adjustment To Purchase
Price..................................................................
10 Section 2.05. Additional
Understanding......................................................................
12 Section 2.06. No Fractional
Shares..........................................................................
12   Article 3  Representations and Warranties of The Limited and
Seller  Section 3.01. Corporate Existence and
Power.................................................................
12 Section 3.02. Corporate
Authorization.......................................................................
12 Section 3.03. Governmental
Authorization....................................................................
13 Section 3.04.
Noncontravention..............................................................................
13 Section 3.05.
Capitalization................................................................................
13 Section 3.06. Ownership and Transfer of
Shares..............................................................
14 Section 3.07.
Subsidiaries..................................................................................
14 Section 3.08. Financial
Statements..........................................................................
15 Section 3.09. Accounts
Receivable...........................................................................
15 Section 3.10.
Inventory.....................................................................................
15 Section 3.11. Absence of Certain
Changes....................................................................
16 Section 3.12. Material
Contracts............................................................................
17 Section 3.13. Certain Related Party
Contracts...............................................................
19 Section 3.14.
Litigation....................................................................................
20 Section 3.15.
Properties....................................................................................
20 Section 3.16. Licenses and
Permits..........................................................................
21 Section 3.17. Environmental
Matters.........................................................................
21 Section 3.18. Compliance with Laws and Court
Orders......................................................... 22 Section
3.19. Intellectual
Property.........................................................................
22 Section 3.20. Personal Property; Bank
Accounts..............................................................
24 Section 3.21.
Suppliers.....................................................................................
24 Section 3.22. Labor
Matters.................................................................................
25 Section 3.23. Books and
Records.............................................................................
25 Section 3.24. Finders\'
Fees.................................................................................
26 Section 3.25. Securities
Matters............................................................................
26 Section 3.26.
Guarantees....................................................................................
27    i    STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT    AGREEMENT dated as of July 9,
2001 among CHARMING SHOPPES, INC., a Pennsylvania corporation ("Parent"),
VENICE ACQUISITION CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation ("Buyer"), LFAS, INC.,
a Delaware corporation ("Seller"), and THE LIMITED, INC., a Delaware
corporation ("The Limited").   W I T N E S S E T H:   WHEREAS, Seller is
the record and beneficial owner of the Shares (as herein defined); and  
WHEREAS, each of The Limited and Seller desires that Seller sell the
Shares to Buyer, and Buyer desires to purchase the Shares from Seller, in
each case, upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereinafter set
forth.   NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:   ARTICLE
1  DEFINITIONS   Section 1.01. Definitions. (a) The following terms, as
used herein, have the following meanings:   "Affiliate" means, with respect
to any Person, any Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by,
or under common control with such other Person. For purposes of this
definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to
direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly,
whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise,
and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the
foregoing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of this Agreement,
neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall be considered an Affiliate of
Seller or The Limited.   "Audited Financial Statements" means the audited
consolidated balance sheets of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of
February 3, 2001 and January 29, 2000 (including the notes thereto), and the
related consolidated statements of income and cash flows for the three fiscal
years ended February 3, 2001, January 29, 2000 and January 30, 1999, together
with the reports thereon by PriceWaterhouseCoopers, LLP, independent
accountants ("PriceWaterhouseCoopers").    "Balance Sheet" means the
audited consolidated balance sheet of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of
February 3, 2001, including all notes thereto, included in Section 3.08 of
the Disclosure Schedule.   "Balance Sheet Date" means February 3, 2001.  
"Business Day" means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day
on which commercial banks in New York, New York or Columbus, Ohio are
authorized or required by law to close.   "Closing Date" means the date of
the Closing.   "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.   "Combined Tax"
means any state, local or foreign income or franchise Tax with respect to
which The Limited or any of its Affiliates files Returns on a consolidated,
combined or unitary basis with the Company or any Subsidiary.   "Common
Stock" means the common stock, no par value per share, of the Company.  
"Company" means LBH, Inc., a Nevada corporation.   "Disclosure Schedule"
means the Disclosure Schedule attached as Attachment A to this Agreement.  
"Environmental Laws" means any and all Laws concerning or relating to
the protection of the environment.   "Federal Tax" means any Tax imposed
under Subtitle A of the Code with respect to which the Company or any
Subsidiary has filed or will file a Return with a member of the Limited Tax
Group on a consolidated basis.   "GAAP" means United States generally
accepted accounting principles.   "HSR Act" means the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder.   "Indemnified Tax" means (i) Federal Tax, (ii)
Combined Tax, (iii) with respect to each state, local or foreign taxing
jurisdiction, any income, franchise or similar tax payable to such state,
local or foreign taxing jurisdiction in which the Company or any Subsidiary
files a separate tax return, (iv) personal property tax, and (v) sales and
use tax other than sales tax collected by the Company or any Subsidiary from
its customers.   2    "Intellectual Property" means each material (1)
fictitious business name, tradename, registered and unregistered trademark,
service mark and related application, logo, brand name, slogan, trade dress,
packaging, product design or configuration and the goodwill associated
therewith, (2) patent, patent right and patent application, (3) copyright and
copyright application in works, (4) internet domain name registration and
related applications, (5) trade secret and (6) computer software, in each
case owned, used or held for use by or licensed or granted to the Company or
any Subsidiary.   "Knowledge of The Limited and Seller" or any other similar
knowledge qualification in this Agreement means that (1) any director or
officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, (2) any officer of The Limited or
Seller who is reported to directly by any officer or employee of the Company
or any Subsidiary, or (3) the Chief Financial Officer, the General Counsel or
the Vice President Treasury, Mergers and Acquisitions of The Limited is
actually aware of a fact or other matter.   "Laws" means any law, statute,
regulation, rule, permit, license, certificate, judgment, order, award or
other legally binding decision or requirement of any arbitrator, court,
government or governmental agency or instrumentality (domestic or
foreign).   "Lien" means, with respect to any property or asset, any
mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, claim, option, security interest, encumbrance
or restriction of any kind in respect of, binding upon or applicable to
such property or asset.   "Limited Tax Group" means, with respect to
federal income Taxes, the affiliated group of corporations (as defined in
Section 1504(a) of the Code) of which The Limited is the common parent and,
with respect to any Combined Tax, the applicable consolidated, combined or
unitary group of which The Limited or any of its Affiliates is a member.  
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on the business,
properties, assets, results of operations, prospects or condition (financial
or otherwise) of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as whole, except any
such effect resulting from (1) this Agreement or the
transactions specifically contemplated hereby, (2) changes or conditions in
either the women\'s apparel sector or retail sector generally or (3) changes
or conditions in economic, market, regulatory or political conditions
generally.   "1933 Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.   "1934 Act" means the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder.   3    "Permits" means all governmental licenses,
permits, certificates, consents, approvals, or other governmental
authorizations owned or held by, granted to, or held for the benefit of, any
Person.   "Permitted Liens and Exceptions" means (1) Liens disclosed in
the Disclosure Schedule; (2) Liens disclosed on the Balance Sheet or notes
thereto or securing liabilities reflected on the Balance Sheet or notes
thereto; (3) Liens for Taxes, assessments and similar charges that are not
yet due and payable; (4) mechanic\'s, materialman\'s, carrier\'s, repairer\'s
and other similar Liens arising or incurred in the ordinary course of
business or that are not yet due and payable; (5) Liens incurred in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice since the Balance
Sheet Date; or (6) other Liens that do not secure payment of indebtedness for
borrowed money, capitalized leases or the deferred purchase price of property
or services (other than accounts payable in the ordinary course) and that are
not material.   "Person" means an individual, corporation, partnership,
limited liability company, association, trust or other entity or
organization, including a government or political subdivision or an agency or
instrumentality thereof.   "Pre-Closing Tax Period" means (1) any Tax period
ending on or before the Closing Date; and (2) with respect to a Straddle
Period, the portion of such period ending on the Closing Date.   "Reference
Rate" means the rate per annum equal to the "Prime Rate" as published in The
Wall Street Journal, Eastern Edition.   "Shares" means 100 shares of Common
Stock.   "Straddle Period" means any Tax period that begins on or before
the Closing Date and ends after the Closing Date.   "Subsidiary" means any
entity of which securities or other ownership interests having ordinary
voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or other persons
performing similar functions are at the time directly or indirectly owned by
the Company.   "Tax" means (1) any tax, governmental fee or other like
assessment or charge of any kind whatsoever; including, but not limited to,
withholding on amounts paid to or by any Person, federal and state income
taxes, real property gains taxes, sales and use taxes, ad valorem taxes,
excise taxes, franchise taxes, gross receipts taxes, business license taxes,
capital stock taxes, real and personal property taxes, environmental taxes,
transfer taxes, severance taxes, alternative or add-on minimum taxes, and
custom duties, together with any interest, penalty, addition to tax or
additional amount imposed by any governmental authority (whether federal,
state, local, municipal, foreign or otherwise) responsible for the  
4   imposition of any such tax (a "Taxing Authority") and (2) any liability
for the payment of any amount of the type described in the immediately
preceding clause (1) as a result of the Company or any Subsidiary being a
member of an affiliated, consolidated or combined group with any other
corporation at any time on or prior to the Closing Date. For the avoidance of
doubt, it is confirmed that the term "Tax" does not include any escheat
liabilities or similar items under state unclaimed property laws.   "Tax
Asset" means any net operating loss, net capital loss, investment tax credit,
foreign tax credit, charitable deduction or any other credit or tax attribute
that could be carried forward or back to reduce income or franchise Taxes
(including, without limitation, deductions and credits related to alternative
minimum Taxes) and losses or deductions deferred by the Code or other
applicable law.   "Transaction Documents" means this Agreement and any and
all other agreements and documents required to be delivered by any party
hereto prior to or at the Closing pursuant to this Agreement.  Each of the
following terms is defined in the Section set forth opposite such term:  
Term Section  Access and Waiver Agreement 7.10  Accounting Referee 8.02 
Adjustment Closing Date 2.04  Adjustment Price 2.04  Adjustment Stock
Consideration 2.04  Allocation Statement 8.02  Banks 5.02  Base Net
Tangible Assets 2.04  Base Price 2.01  Buyer Preamble  Calculation Date
2.04  Cash Payment 2.01  Claim 11.03  Closing 2.02  Closing Net Tangible
Assets 2.03  Closing Price 2.01  Closing Statement of Net Tangible Assets
2.03  Commission 4.10  Commission Reports 4.10  Commitment Letter 4.05 
Company Account 3.20  Company Proprietary Information 7.16  Company
Securities 3.05  Confidentiality Agreement 6.02   5    Term Section 
Covenant Agreement 7.11  Credit Card Litigation 6.08  Damages 11.02 
Database Services Agreement 3.19  Delinquent Payments 7.16  Domain Names
3.19  Facilities 5.04  Final Net Tangible Assets 2.04  Financial Support
Arrangements 6.05  HQ Lease 7.08  Indemnified Party 11.03  Indemnifying
Party 11.03  Key Trademark 3.19  Large Size Women\'s Clothing 5.04  Lease
3.15  Limited Confidentiality Agreement 5.13  Marks 3.19  Mast 5.08 
Master Sublease 7.12  Other Taxes 8.02  Parent Preamble  Parent Commission
Reports 4.10  Parent Common Stock 2.01  Parent Material Adverse Effect
4.01  Parent Shares 3.25  Payment Date 6.06  Post-Closing Invoices 6.06 
Potential Contributor 11.05  Price Allocation 8.02  Purchase Price 2.01 
Real Property 3.15  Registration Agreement 7.09  Related Party Agreements
3.13  Renewal Leases 3.15  Retained Landlord Claims 7.16  Retained
Litigation 11.02  Returns 8.01  Section 338(h)(10) Election 8.02  Seller
Preamble  Services Agreement 7.05  Shelf Registration Statement 6.10  Stock
Consideration 2.01  Store Leases Agreement 7.06  Subsidiary Securities
3.07   6    Term Section  Survival Period 11.01  Target Group 8.01 
Tax Allowance 8.04  Tax Loss 8.04  Termination Date 12.01  The Limited
Preamble  Third Party Claim 11.03  Transfer Taxes 8.02  Warranty Breach
11.02   7    ARTICLE 2  PURCHASE AND SALE   Section 2.01 Purchase and
Sale. (a) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement,
Seller shall sell, transfer and deliver to Buyer and Buyer shall purchase
from Seller, the Shares at the Closing. The purchase price for the Shares
(the "Purchase Price") is (1) $280,000,000 in cash (the "Cash Payment") and
(2) the Stock Consideration. The Purchase Price shall be paid as provided in
Section 2.02 and shall be subject to adjustment as provided in this Section
2.01 and Section 2.04.   (b) "Stock Consideration" means that number of
shares of the common stock, par value $0.10 per share, of Parent (including
the associated preferred stock purchase rights, the "Parent Common Stock")
determined by dividing $55,000,000 by the Closing Price. "Closing Price"
means the average closing price per share of the Parent Common Stock on the
Nasdaq National Market for the five trading days ending on and including the
second trading day prior to the Closing Date; provided that if such average
closing price (1) exceeds 115% of the Base Price, the Closing Price will be
deemed to be 115% of the Base Price or (2) is less than 85% of the Base
Price, then the Closing Price will be deemed to be 85% of the Base Price. The
"Base Price" means $6.168 per share.   (c) Adjustments. If, during the
period between the date of this Agreement and the Closing, any change in the
outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock shall occur by reason of any
reclassification, recapitalization, stock split or combination, exchange or
readjustments of shares, any stock dividend or similar transaction with a
record or effective date during such period, the Stock Consideration or Base
Price, as applicable, shall be appropriately adjusted.   Section 2.02
Closing. The closing (the "Closing") of the purchase and sale of the Shares
hereunder shall take place at the offices of Davis Polk and Wardwell, 450
Lexington Avenue, New York, New York, as soon as possible, but in no event
later than two Business Days, after satisfaction (or, to the extent permitted
under law, waiver) of the conditions set forth in Article 10, or at such
other time or place as Buyer and The Limited may agree. The Closing shall be
deemed to occur at the closing of business on the Closing Date. At
the Closing:   (a) Buyer shall deliver to Seller the Cash Payment in
immediately available funds by wire transfer to an account of Seller
designated by The Limited, by notice to Buyer, which notice shall be
delivered not later than two Business Days prior to the Closing Date (or if
not so designated, then by certified or official bank check payable in
immediately available funds to the order of Seller in such amount).  
8    (b) Buyer shall deliver to Seller a certificate representing the
Stock Consideration.   (c) Seller shall deliver to Buyer certificates for
the Shares duly endorsed or accompanied by stock powers duly endorsed in
blank, with any required transfer stamps affixed thereto.   (d) The
Limited, Seller, Parent and Buyer shall each deliver such other documents,
instruments and agreements as are required to be delivered by such party at
the Closing pursuant to this Agreement.   Section 2.03. Closing Net Tangible
Assets. (a) As promptly as practicable, but no later than 60 days, after the
Closing Date, The Limited will cause to be prepared and delivered to Buyer
the Closing Statement of Net Tangible Assets (the "Closing Statement of Net
Tangible Assets"). The Closing Statement of Net Tangible Assets will be
accompanied by a certificate of the Chief Financial Officer of The Limited
specifying that the Closing Statement of Net Tangible Assets was prepared in
accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.03(a). The Closing Statement
of Net Tangible Assets shall include only those categories of assets and
liabilities and line items included in, and be in forma consistent with, the
Base Statement of Net Tangible Assets set forth in Appendix 2.03(a). The
determination of the Closing Net Tangible Assets shall be made by
applying the principles, policies and practices used in connection with the
preparation of the relevant portions of the Balance Sheet, but shall be
subject to the adjustments and clarifications set forth in Appendix 2.03(a).
Except for those matters that, on their face, are not relevant to the Balance
Sheet, The Limited and Seller hereby represent that the accounting
principles, policies and practices set forth in Appendix 2.03(a) were used in
connection with the preparation of the relevant portions of the Balance
Sheet, except for gift certificates (as to which differences in accounting
principles, policies and practices are set forth in Appendix 2.03(a)).
"Closing Net Tangible Assets" means total tangible assets minus total
liabilities of the Company and the Subsidiaries as shown on the Closing
Statement of Net Tangible Assets, determined as set forth in this Section
2.03(a).   (b) If Buyer disagrees with The Limited\'s calculation of the
Closing Net Tangible Assets delivered pursuant to Section 2.03(a), Buyer may,
within 20 days after delivery of the certificate referred to in Section
2.03(a), deliver a notice to The Limited disagreeing with such calculation
and setting forth Buyer\'s calculation of such amount. Any such notice of
disagreement shall specify those items or amounts as to which Buyer
disagrees, and Buyer shall be deemed to have agreed with all other items and
amounts contained in the Closing Statement of Net Tangible Assets delivered
pursuant to Section 2.03(a). Notwithstanding anything in this Section 2.03 to
the contrary, Buyer shall not contest any item for which the amount in
disagreement is less than $50,000.   9    (c) If a notice of disagreement
shall be duly delivered pursuant to Section 2.03(b), Buyer and The Limited
shall, during the 30 days following such delivery, use their reasonable best
efforts to reach agreement on the disputed items or amounts of Closing Net
Tangible Assets, which amount shall not be more than the amount thereof shown
in The Limited\'s calculations delivered pursuant to Section 2.03(a) nor less
than the amount thereof shown in Buyer\'s calculation delivered pursuant to
Section 2.03(b). If, during such period, Buyer and The Limited are unable to
reach such agreement, they shall promptly thereafter cause independent
accountants of nationally recognized standing reasonably satisfactory to
Buyer and The Limited (who shall not have any material relationship with
Buyer or The Limited), promptly to review this Agreement and the disputed
items or amounts for the purpose of calculating the Closing Net Tangible
Assets. In making such calculation, such independent accountants
shall consider only those items or amounts in the Closing Net Tangible Assets
as to which Buyer has disagreed. Such independent accountants shall deliver
to Buyer and The Limited, as promptly as practicable, a report setting forth
such calculation. Such report shall be final and binding upon the parties
hereto. The cost of such review and report shall be borne by The Limited if
the difference between the Final Net Tangible Assets and The Limited\'s
calculation of the Closing Net Tangible Assets delivered pursuant to Section
2.03(a) is greater than the difference between the Final Net Tangible Assets
and Buyer\'s calculation of the Closing Net Tangible Assets delivered
pursuant to Section 2.03(b), by Buyer if the first such difference is less
than the second such difference and otherwise equally by Buyer and The
Limited.   (d) Buyer and The Limited agree that they will, and agree to
cause their respective independent accountants and the Company and each
Subsidiary to, cooperate and assist in the preparation of the Closing
Statement of Net Tangible Assets and the calculation of the Closing Net
Tangible Assets and in the conduct of the audits or reviews referred to in
Section 2.03(c), including without limitation, the making available to the
extent necessary of books, records, work papers and personnel.   Section
2.04. Adjustment To Purchase Price. (a) If Base Net Tangible Assets exceeds
Final Net Tangible Assets, The Limited shall pay to Buyer, as an adjustment
to the Purchase Price, in the manner and with interest as provided in Section
2.04(b), the amount of such excess. If Final Net Tangible Assets exceeds Base
Net Tangible Assets, Buyer shall pay to The Limited, in the manner and
with interest as provided in Section 2.04(b), the amount of such excess.
"Base Net Tangible Assets" means $141,000,000. "Final Net Tangible Assets"
means Closing Net Tangible Assets as shown in The Limited\'s calculation
delivered pursuant to Section 2.03(a), if no notice of disagreement with
respect thereto is duly delivered pursuant to Section 2.03(b); or if such a
notice of disagreement is delivered, as agreed by Buyer and The Limited
pursuant to Section 2.03(c) or in the absence of such agreement, as shown in
the independent accountant\'s calculation delivered pursuant to Section
2.03(c); provided that, in no event shall   10   Final Net Tangible
Assets be more than The Limited\'s calculation of Closing Net Tangible Assets
delivered pursuant to Section 2.03(a) or less than Buyer\'s calculation of
Closing Net Tangible Assets delivered pursuant to Section 2.03(b).   (b)
Any payment made by The Limited pursuant to Section 2.04(a) shall be made at
a mutually convenient time and place within five days after such calculation
has been determined (the "Calculation Date") by delivery by The Limited in
immediately available funds by wire transfer to an account of Buyer or by
causing such payment to be credited to such account of Buyer as may
be designated by Buyer. Any payment made by Buyer pursuant to Section 2.04(a)
shall be paid in the form of Adjustment Stock Consideration, with such other
documents as set forth in Section 2.04(d), delivered to The Limited at a
mutually convenient time and place within five days (the "Adjustment Closing
Date") after the Calculation Date. Any amount payable shall bear interest
from and including the Closing Date to but excluding the actual date of
payment at the Reference Rate. Such interest shall be payable at the same
time as the payment to which it relates and shall be calculated daily on the
basis of a year of 365 days and the actual number of days elapsed.   (c)
"Adjustment Stock Consideration" means the number of shares of Parent Common
Stock determined by dividing (1) the amount of the payment to be made
by Buyer to The Limited pursuant to this Section 2.04 by (2) the Adjustment
Price. "Adjustment Price" means the average closing price per share of the
Parent Common Stock on the Nasdaq National Market for the five trading days
ending on and including the second trading day prior to the Adjustment
Closing Date. If, after the date hereof but prior to such date, any change in
the outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock shall occur by reason of any
reclassification, recapitalization, stock split or combination, exchange or
readjustment of shares, stock dividend or similar transaction with a record
or effective date prior to the Adjustment Closing Date, the Adjustment Stock
Consideration or Adjustment Price, as applicable, shall be appropriately
adjusted.   (d) To the extent that any payment pursuant to Section 2.04 is
required to be made in Parent Common Stock, on the Adjustment Closing Date,
(i) Buyer shall deliver to The Limited (1) a certificate representing the
shares of Parent Common Stock constituting the Adjustment Stock
Consideration, (2) a certificate signed by an executive officer of Parent
stating that the representations contained in Section 4.12 hereof are
accurate as of the Adjustment Closing Date, substituting the words
"Adjustment Stock Consideration" for "Stock Consideration", and (3) evidence
that the shares of Parent Common Stock constituting the Adjustment Stock
Consideration have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Stock Market,
subject to official notice of issuance and from and after such date, for all
purposes of this Agreement the term "Stock Consideration" shall automatically
be deemed amended to include the Adjustment Stock Consideration.   11   
Section 2.05. Additional Understanding. It is understood and agreed that the
establishment of $141,000,000 as the amount of Base Net Tangible Assets
(i) was a negotiated result to establish the base from which any adjustment
to the Purchase Price is to be calculated, (ii) differs from the amount that
would be calculated simply by adding the amounts shown on the Base Statement
of Net Tangible Assets included in Appendix 2.03(a) and, therefore, (iii)
will not influence or affect in any respect the calculation of Closing Net
Tangible Assets.   Section 2.06 No Fractional Shares. Parent shall not be
obligated to issue fractional shares of Parent Common Stock pursuant to this
Article 2. Instead, all fractional shares of Parent Common Stock that Seller
would otherwise be entitled to receive pursuant to this Article 2 shall be
rounded up or down, as appropriate, to the nearest whole number of
shares.   ARTICLE 3  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE LIMITED AND
SELLER   The Limited and Seller represent and warrant to Buyer and Parent,
as of the date hereof and as of the Closing, that, except as set forth on the
Disclosure Schedule attached hereto:   Section 3.01 Corporate Existence and
Power. Each of The Limited, Seller and the Company is a corporation duly
incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its
jurisdiction of incorporation and has all necessary corporate power and
authority, and all material Permits, required to carry on its business as now
conducted, to own and lease the assets which it owns and leases and to
perform all of its obligations under each agreement to which it is a party or
by which it is bound. The Company is duly qualified to do business as a
foreign corporation and is in good standing in each jurisdiction identified
in Section 3.01 of the Disclosure Schedule, which includes each jurisdiction
in which its ownership or leasing of assets or properties or the nature of
its activities requires such qualification, except for those jurisdictions
where the failure to be so qualified would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have, or be reasonably likely to have, a Material Adverse
Effect.   Section 3.02 Corporate Authorization. The execution, delivery
and performance by each of The Limited and Seller of the Transaction
Documents to which it is a party and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated thereby are within the corporate powers and authority of each of
The Limited and Seller and have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action on the part of The Limited and Seller. To the extent a party
thereto, each of the Transaction Documents constitutes the legal, valid and
binding obligation of The Limited and Seller, as applicable, and is
enforceable against each of The Limited and Seller, as applicable, in
accordance with its respective terms, (1) except as enforcement may be
limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium
or   12   similar laws now or hereafter in effect relating to or
affecting creditors\' rights generally, including the effect of statutory and
other laws concerning fraudulent conveyances and preferential transfers, and
(2) subject to the limitations imposed by general equitable principles
(regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in proceeding at law
or in equity).   Section 3.03 Governmental Authorization. To the extent a
party thereto, the execution, delivery and performance by The Limited and
Seller, as applicable, of each of the Transaction Documents and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby require no material
action, consent or approval by or in respect of, material filing with or
material notice to, any governmental body, agency or official other than: (1)
compliance with any applicable requirements of the HSR Act; and (2)
compliance with any applicable requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1934
Act.   Section 3.04 Noncontravention. The execution, delivery and
performance by The Limited and Seller, as applicable, of any of the
Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not (1) violate or conflict
with the certificate of incorporation or bylaws (or other organizational
documents) of The Limited or Seller, or the Company or any Subsidiary, (2)
assuming compliance with the matters referred to in Section 3.03, contravene
or conflict with or constitute a violation of any provision of any Law
binding upon or applicable to The Limited or Seller, or the Company or any
Subsidiary, (3) with or without the giving of notice or the lapse of time, or
both, constitute a default under or give rise to any right of termination,
cancellation or acceleration of any right or obligation of The Limited or
Seller, or the Company or any Subsidiary, or to a loss of any benefit to
which The Limited or Seller, or the Company or any Subsidiary is entitled,
under any provision of any agreement, contract or other instrument to which
The Limited or Seller, or the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by
which any of them or their respective properties or assets is bound, or give
to others any rights (including rights of termination,
foreclosure, cancellation or acceleration) in or with respect to the Company,
any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties or assets, except for
any such default, termination, cancellation, acceleration or loss that would
not be material, or (4) result in, require or permit the creation or
imposition of any Lien (other than Permitted Liens and Exceptions) upon or
with respect to the Company, any Subsidiary, any of their respective
properties or assets or the Shares.   Section 3.05 Capitalization. (a) The
authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 2,500 shares of Common
Stock, of which 100 shares are issued and outstanding (which 100 issued and
outstanding shares constitute all of the Shares).   (b) The Shares have
been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-
assessable, and have been issued in compliance with all   13   securities
and other Laws. Except for the Shares, there are no (1) outstanding shares of
capital stock or voting securities of the Company, (2) securities of the
Company convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock or other
securities of the Company, (3) options or other rights to acquire from
the Company, or other obligation of the Company to issue, any capital stock,
other securities or securities convertible into or exchangeable for capital
stock or other securities of the Company, or (4) stock appreciation rights or
similar rights or securities of the Company (the items in clauses (1), (2),
(3) and (4) being referred to collectively as the "Company Securities").
There are no outstanding obligations of The Limited, Seller, the Company, any
Subsidiary or any other Person to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any
Company Securities. Except for this Agreement, there are no agreements or
other instruments relating to the issuance, sale or transfer of the Shares or
any Company Securities.   Section 3.06 Ownership and Transfer of Shares.
Seller is the record and beneficial owner of the Shares, free and clear of
any Lien. Subject to compliance with the matters referred to in Section 3.03,
Seller has the absolute right, authority and power to sell, assign and
transfer the Shares to Buyer free and clear of any Lien. Upon delivery to
Buyer of the certificate for the Shares at the Closing, Buyer will acquire
good, valid and marketable title to the Shares, free and clear of any Lien,
other than as a result of any action by Parent or any of its Affiliates.  
Section 3.07 Subsidiaries. (a) The Company has four Subsidiaries.
Each Subsidiary is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in
good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and has
all necessary corporate power and authority, and all material Permits
required to carry on its business as now conducted, to own and lease the
assets which it owns and leases and to perform all of its obligations under
each agreement to which it is a party or by which it is bound. The name and
jurisdiction of incorporation of each Subsidiary is identified in Section
3.07 of the Disclosure Schedule. Each subsidiary is duly qualified to do
business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in each
jurisdiction identified in Section 3.07 of the Disclosure Schedule, which
includes each jurisdiction in which its ownership or leasing of assets or
properties or the nature of its activities requires such qualification,
except for those jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified would
not, individually or in the aggregate, have, or be reasonably likely to have,
a Material Adverse Effect.   (b) All of the outstanding capital stock and
other securities of each Subsidiary, and the record and beneficial owners
thereof, is set forth in Section 3.07 of the Disclosure Schedule. All such
shares of capital stock or voting securities are owned free and clear of any
Lien. Except for the outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary
identified in Section 3.07 of the Disclosure Schedule, there are no (1)
outstanding shares of capital stock or other securities of any Subsidiary,
(2) securities of the Company or any Subsidiary convertible into or
exchangeable for shares of capital stock or other securities of any
Subsidiary, (3) options or other rights to acquire from the Company or
any   14   Subsidiary, or other obligation of the Company or any
Subsidiary to issue, any capital stock, other securities or securities
convertible into or exchangeable for capital stock or other securities of any
Subsidiary or (4) stock appreciation rights or similar rights or securities
of any Subsidiary (the items in clauses (1), (2), (3) and (4) being referred
to collectively as the "Subsidiary Securities"). There are no outstanding
obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary or any other Person to
repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any Subsidiary Securities. There are
no agreements or other instruments relating to the issuance, sale or transfer
of any Subsidiary Securities. All of the issued and outstanding shares of
capital stock of each Subsidiary have been duly authorized and are validly
issued and outstanding, fully paid and nonassessable, and have been issued in
compliance with applicable securities and other Laws.   (c) Neither the
Company nor any Subsidiary directly or indirectly owns, controls or has any
investment or other interest in any corporation, partnership, joint venture,
business trust or other Person (or has any obligation or express contractual
right to acquire any such investment or other interest) and neither the
Company nor any Subsidiary has agreed, contingently or otherwise, (1) to
share any of its profits with any Person, (2) other than in ordinary course
commercial transactions, to share any losses, costs or liabilities of any
Person or (3) to guaranty the obligations of any Person other than the
Company or any Subsidiary.   Section 3.08 Financial Statements. The Audited
Financial Statements fairly present in all material respects the consolidated
financial condition, cash flows and results of operations of the Company and
the Subsidiaries as at the respective dates thereof and for the periods
therein referred to, all in accordance with GAAP, as consistently applied by
the Company. The Balance Sheet reflects in all material respects all
liabilities of the Company and its Subsidiaries, whether absolute, accrued or
contingent, as of the date thereof which are required to be accrued or
disclosed in a balance sheet (or the notes thereto) prepared in accordance
with GAAP, as consistently applied by the Company.   Section 3.09 Accounts
Receivable. All accounts and notes receivable of the Company and each
Subsidiary represent valid obligations from sales made or services rendered
in the ordinary course of business and are not subject to any right of set-
off or any agreements or understandings (oral or written) that would permit
any payor to reduce or satisfy any portion of an obligation by return of
goods or any means other than the payment of cash in the face
amount thereof.   Section 3.10 Inventory. Subject to any reserve therefor
included in the Balance Sheet, at the Balance Sheet Date, all inventories of
the Company and its Subsidiaries (including inventory ordered but not yet
received) consisted of items of a quality usable or saleable in the normal
course of the business of the Company consistent with past practices and were
in quantities sufficient for the normal operation of the business of the
Company in accordance with past practices. The values at which inventories
are shown on the Balance Sheet have   15   been determined in accordance
with the customary valuation policy of the Company (which is the lower of
average cost or market) and in accordance with GAAP, as consistently applied
by the Company. Since the Balance Sheet Date, the Company has continued to
replenish its inventory and to dispose of out-of-season and slow-moving
inventory in a normal and customary manner consistent with past practices
prevailing in the business of the Company.   Section 3.11 Absence of Certain
Changes. Except as set forth in Section 3.11 of the Disclosure Schedule and
except as expressly contemplated by the Transaction Documents, since the
Balance Sheet Date, the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries has been
conducted in the ordinary course consistent with past practices and there has
not been:   (i) any event, occurrence or development which has had or is 
reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect;   (ii) any declaration,
setting aside or payment of any dividend or  other distribution with respect
to any shares of capital stock of the  Company or by any Subsidiary to any
Person other than a Subsidiary or the  Company, or any repurchase, redemption
or other acquisition by the Company  or any Subsidiary of any outstanding
shares of capital stock or other  securities of the Company, any Subsidiary
or any other entity;   (iii) any amendment of any term of any outstanding
security of the  Company or any Subsidiary;   (iv) any incurrence,
assumption or guarantee by the Company or any  Subsidiary of any indebtedness
for borrowed money other than in the  ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice;   (v) any making of any loan, advance or capital
contributions to or  investment in any Person by the Company or any
Subsidiary other than loans,  advances or capital contributions to a
Subsidiary or investments made in a  Subsidiary in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice  and other than travel, relocation and
similar advances to employees in the  ordinary course of business and in an
amount less than $25,000 for any  employee;   (vi) any change in any method
of accounting or accounting practice  by the Company or any Subsidiary
(except for any such change required by  reason of a concurrent change in
required GAAP), or any change in any of  the principles underlying, or
methods of calculating, any bad debt,  contingency or other reserve;  
(vii) any (1) employment, deferred compensation, severance,  retirement or
other similar agreement entered into with any director,   16    officer
or employee of the Company or any Subsidiary (or any amendment to  any such
existing agreement), (2) grant of any severance or termination pay  to any
director, officer or employee of the Company or any Subsidiary, or  (3)
change in compensation or other benefits payable to any director,  officer or
employee of the Company or any Subsidiary;   (viii) any adoption of or
change in any Employee Plan or Benefit  Arrangement maintained by the Company
or any Subsidiary or any compensation  or labor policy;   (ix) any entry
into, material amendment, termination or receipt of  notice of termination of
any Lease of Real Property or any other agreement  or commitment required to
be disclosed in Section 3.12 of the Disclosure  Schedule;   (x) any sale
(other than sales of inventory in the ordinary  course of business),
assignment, conveyance, lease or other disposition of  any material asset or
property of the Company or any Subsidiary or  imposition of any Lien on any
material asset or property of the Company or  any Subsidiary;   (xi) any
write-down or write-off of the value of any material  asset except for write-
downs or write-offs of accounts receivable and  inventory in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice;   (xii) any other material
transaction or commitment made, or any  material contract or agreement
entered into, by the Company or any  Subsidiary relating to its assets or
business, other than transactions and  commitments in the ordinary course of
business and those contemplated by  any of the Transaction Documents; or  
(xiii) any agreement, whether or not in writing, to do any of the  foregoing
by the Company or any Subsidiary.   Section 3.12. Material Contracts. (a)
Except as expressly provided by any of the Transaction Documents, none of the
Company nor any Subsidiary has or is bound by:   (i) any agreement,
indenture or other instrument relating to the  borrowing of money (other than
any such agreement with The Limited or any  of its Affiliates), other than in
connection with the issuance of letters  of credit in the ordinary course of
business;   (ii) any agreement, license, contract or commitment pursuant
to  which any trade secret, confidential or other proprietary information,
or   17    any customer information of the Company or any Subsidiary may
be  transferred, disclosed to or used by any third party;   (iii) any
agreement, contract or commitment, or group of related  agreements, contracts
or commitments, relating to a single capital  expenditure of greater than
$250,000;   (iv) any loan or advance to, or investment in, any Person or
any  agreement, contract or commitment relating to the making of any such
loan,  advance or investment, other than travel, relocation and similar
advances  to employees in the ordinary course of business and in an amount
less than  $25,000 for any employee;   (v) any guarantee or other
contingent liability in respect of any  indebtedness or obligations of any
Person (other than in connection with  relocation of employees in the
ordinary course of business and in an amount  less than $25,000 for any
employee or the endorsement of negotiable  instruments for collection in the
ordinary course of business);   (vi) any management service, sales agency,
sales representative,  distributorship or any other similar type contract,
except for any such  agreements with The Limited or any of its
Affiliates;   (vii) any agreement, contract or commitment limiting the
freedom of  the Company or any Subsidiary to engage in any line of business
or to  compete with any Person except for customary exclusives and
restrictions as  may be contained in leases or other occupancy contracts that
relate to a  certain shopping center and not the business generally;  
(viii) except for contracts, agreements, purchase orders or other 
commitments of a type referred to in any of the other clauses of this 
Section 3.12, any contract, agreement, purchase order or other commitment, 
or related group of contracts, agreements, purchase orders or other 
commitments involving the performance of services or delivery of goods or 
materials, other than inventory, by or to the Company or any Subsidiary of 
an aggregate amount in excess of $250,000;   (ix) any contract, agreement or
commitment to which the Company or  any Subsidiary is a party or is otherwise
bound (other than customary  "percentage rent" provisions contained in Leases
for Real Property)  providing for payments to or by any person or entity
based on sales,  purchases or profits, other than direct payments for
goods;   (x) any contract, agreement or commitment to which Seller, the 
Company or any Subsidiary is a party or is otherwise bound providing for  
18    change in control, severance, retention or related payments and/or
benefits  to directors, officers or employees of the Company or any
Subsidiary; or   (xi) any other material contract, agreement or commitment,
to which  the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any of them or
their  assets are otherwise bound which is entered into outside the
ordinary  course of business of a type that is not referred to in any of the
other  clauses of this Section 3.12.   The Limited has furnished or made
available to Buyer true and complete copies of each agreement, lease, plan or
other document required to be disclosed in Section 3.12 of the Disclosure
Schedule.   (b) Each material contract, agreement or commitment to which the
Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which they or their assets are
bound (including each agreement or contract required to be disclosed pursuant
to this Agreement) was made in the ordinary course of business, is in full
force and effect and is valid, binding and enforceable against the parties
thereto in accordance with its terms, except as the same may be limited by
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws
now or hereafter in effect relating to the enforcement of creditors\' rights
generally or by principles governing the availability of equitable remedies,
and to the Knowledge of The Limited and Seller, there exists no default or
event of default or event, occurrence, condition or act which, with the
giving of notice, the lapse of time or the happening of any other event or
condition, would become a default or event of default thereunder which would
singly or in the aggregate constitute (or be reasonably likely to constitute)
a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Company or any Subsidiary is now in
violation of any of the terms or conditions of any material contract or
agreement to which it is a party that would give the other party thereto the
right to terminate, or charge any penalty or increased payment under, such
contract or agreement, subject to all rights to cure under such contract or
agreement, and, to the Knowledge of The Limited and Seller, all of the
covenants to be performed by any other party thereto have been fully
performed.   Section 3.13. Certain Related Party Contracts. Except as
contemplated by any Transaction Document, there are no agreements, contracts,
commitments or understandings (whether written or oral) by and between The
Limited or its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Company or any
Subsidiary, on the other hand, including, without limitation, any such
agreements, contracts, commitments or understandings pursuant to which The
Limited or such Affiliate provides or receives any information, assets,
properties, support or other services to or from the Company or any
Subsidiary (including, but not limited to accounting, tax, data processing,
information technology and legal services) (collectively, "Related Party
Agreements").   19    Section 3.14. Litigation. Except for the Retained
Litigation, there are no claims, actions, suits, investigations or
proceedings (arbitration or otherwise) pending against, or to the Knowledge
of The Limited and Seller, threatened against or affecting, the Company or
any Subsidiary, or any of their respective properties or assets, or, to the
extent relating to the Company or any Subsidiary or any of their respective
properties or assets or to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, The Limited or any of its Affiliates, before any court or
arbitrator or any governmental body, agency or official where there is a
reasonable possibility of a judgment adverse to the Company or any Subsidiary
which would result in the Company or any Subsidiary suffering damages in
excess of $25,000 or in any material injunctive or equitable relief. As of
the date hereof, there are no claims, actions, suits, investigations
(arbitration or otherwise) pending against, or to the Knowledge of The
Limited and Seller, threatened, against the Company or any Subsidiary, The
Limited or Seller, or any of their Affiliates, before any court or arbitrator
or any governmental body or agency which in any manner challenges or seeks to
prevent, enjoin, alter or materially delay the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement. To the Knowledge of The Limited and Seller, there are no
facts which could reasonably serve as a basis for any claim, action, suit,
investigation or proceeding which could be reasonably likely to cause a
Material Adverse Effect, or which could in any manner challenge or seek to
prevent, enjoin, alter or materially delay the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement. There are no material unsatisfied judgments, penalties or
awards against or affecting the Company or any Subsidiary or any of their
businesses, properties or assets.   Section 3.15. Properties. (a) Section
3.15 of the Disclosure Schedule correctly lists each parcel of real property
leased or subleased (including the real property to be subleased under the
Master Sublease) by the Company or any Subsidiary (the "Real Property"). The
Company and its Subsidiaries do not own any Real Property in fee simple.  
(b) Section 3.15 of the Disclosure Schedule contains (1) as of the
date hereof, a complete and accurate list of every lease of Real Property,
together with all amendments and modifications thereto and each agreement
(written or oral) that affects the rights of any party to such leases (each,
a "Lease"), and (2) as of the date hereof, a complete and accurate list of
each Lease which by its terms expires on or before January 31, 2002 (the
"Renewal Leases"). Each Lease is in full force and effect and, as of the date
hereof, has not been modified by any agreement (written or oral); has not
been assigned, transferred or hypothecated by the tenant thereunder; all
material amounts due and payable as rent or additional rent (including any
percentage rents) due under each such Lease have been paid in full (except
that routine reconciliations of typical lease charges such as taxes, common
area maintenance payments, insurance and the like may still be owed for prior
years if such amounts have not been billed by landlords or are in the routine
process of payment on the date hereof); in each case the lessee has been in
peaceable possession since the commencement of the original term of such
Lease   20   and no material waiver, indulgence or postponement of the
lessee\'s obligations thereunder has been granted by the lessor; and there
exists no default or event, occurrence, condition or act which, with the
giving of notice or the lapse of time or both, would become a default under
such Lease which would give the lessor the right to terminate the Lease,
charge any increased rent or require any penalty or similar payment, subject
to all rights to cure under such Lease. Neither the Company, any Subsidiary
nor any party leasing Real Property for the benefit of the Company or any
Subsidiary has violated any of the terms or conditions under any such Lease
in any material respect, and, to the Knowledge of The Limited and Seller, all
of the covenants to be performed by any other party under any such Lease have
been fully performed. The Company and its Subsidiaries have adequate rights
of ingress and egress and adequate electric, light, telephone and water
utilities with respect to all Real Property for operation of the business of
the Company and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course and consistent in all
material respects with past practice and with the business plans of the
Company and its Subsidiaries as in effect on the date hereof. No condemnation
proceeding or other litigation is pending or, to the Knowledge of The Limited
and Seller, threatened which would preclude or impair the use of any such
Real Property by the Company and its Subsidiaries for the purposes for which
it is currently used or proposed to be used. To the Knowledge of The Limited
and Seller, the buildings and structures in which the premises leased
pursuant to a Lease are situated are structurally sound with no
known material defects that are not being addressed in the ordinary course by
the Company or its Subsidiaries (either directly or through The Limited and
its Affiliates or the relevant landlord) and are in good operating condition
and repair (except for repairs being undertaken in the ordinary course by
the Company or its Subsidiaries (either directly or through The Limited and
its Affiliates) or the relevant landlord) in each case to the extent
necessary for the continued operation of the business of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, in all material respects consistent with past practice. The
Company and its Subsidiaries (directly or through The Limited and its
Affiliates) maintain store maintenance programs that are consistent with
sound business practices.   Section 3.16. Licenses and Permits. Section 3.16
of the Disclosure Schedule correctly sets forth all material Permits
necessary for the operation of the business of the Company and its
Subsidiaries in the same manner in all material respects as such business is
being conducted as of the date hereof. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
is in default in any material respect or material noncompliance under any of
such Permits.   Section 3.17. Environmental Matters. (a) No written notice,
request for information, order, complaint or penalty has been received by The
Limited or any of its Affiliates, the Company or any Subsidiary within the
two years preceding the date hereof or as to matters that have not been
resolved, and there are no judicial, administrative or other actions, suits
or proceedings pending or, to the Knowledge of The Limited and Seller,
threatened which allege a violation of any Environmental Law, in each case
relating to the Company or any Subsidiary or   21   any property formerly
or currently owned, leased or operated by the Company or any Subsidiary and
arising out of any Environmental Law;   (b) The Company and each Subsidiary,
any property currently owned or operated by the Company or any Subsidiary
and, to the Knowledge of The Limited and Seller, any property currently
leased by the Company or any Subsidiary, have in full force and effect all
material Permits necessary for their operations to comply with all applicable
Environmental Laws and are, and during the last five years have been, in
material compliance with the terms of such Permits and with all other
applicable Environmental Laws; and   (c) There has been no environmental
audit, investigation, report, sampling report, remediation report or other
related report conducted within the past ten years by or on behalf of The
Limited, Seller, the Company or any Subsidiary or, to the Knowledge of The
Limited and Seller, by any governmental agency or other third party of or
related to the environmental condition of any property formerly or currently
owned, leased or operated by the Company or any Subsidiary which has not been
delivered or made available to Buyer prior to the date hereof and listed on
Section 3.17 of the Disclosure Schedule.   Section 3.18. Compliance with
Laws and Court Orders. The Company and each Subsidiary are, and at all times
since January 1, 2000 have been, in compliance in all material respects with
all applicable Laws, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any basis
to expect any notice, order or other written communication from any
governmental agency or instrumentality thereof alleging any actual or
potential material violation of or failure to comply with any Law.   Section
3.19. Intellectual Property. (a) Section 3.19 of the Disclosure Schedule sets
forth each material (1) registered trademark, service mark and related
application (the "Marks"), (2) internet domain name registration and related
application (the "Domain Names") and (3) license and permit issued or granted
by any Person relating to any of the foregoing; in each case owned, leased,
used or held by, granted to or licensed by the Company or any Subsidiary as
either licensor or licensee, together with all other interests
therein granted by the Company or any Subsidiary to any other Person and all
agreements, including but not limited to Liens, consents and coexistence or
settlement agreements, with respect to any of the foregoing to which the
Company or any Subsidiary is a party. The Company or one of its Subsidiaries
are the sole owners of or have the exclusive perpetual right to use without
consideration, all Intellectual Property, free and clear of any Lien. None of
the Marks are abandoned and all Marks are subsisting. The Intellectual
Property is sufficient for the continued conduct of the respective businesses
of the Company and the Subsidiaries after the Closing in the same manner as
such businesses were conducted prior to the Closing in all material respects.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has granted or licensed to any Person
any rights with respect to any Intellectual Property or other  
22   proprietary information of the Company or its Subsidiaries and no
other Person has any material rights in or to any Intellectual Property or
other proprietary information of the Company or its Subsidiaries (including,
without limitation, any rights to exploit in any manner any of such
Intellectual Property, including but not limited to, through marketing or
distributing goods or services under any of the Marks). The rights of the
Company and the Subsidiaries in and to any of the Intellectual Property will
not be limited or otherwise affected by reason of any of the transactions
contemplated hereby.   (b) The list of Marks set forth in Section 3.19 of
the Disclosure Schedule sets forth: (1) the name of the owner of the Mark;
(2) the jurisdictions by or in which such Mark has been issued or registered
or in which an application for such issuance or registration has been filed,
(3) the registration or application numbers, (4) the next action deadline and
(5) a list of all licenses, sublicenses and other agreements as to which the
Company or any Subsidiary is a party and pursuant to which any other Person
is authorized to use any Mark. None of the Intellectual Property is the
subject of any outstanding judgment, legal action, proceeding, injunction,
order, decree or agreement restricting the use thereof by the Company or any
Subsidiary or restricting the licensing thereof by the Company or any
Subsidiary to any Person. To the Knowledge of The Limited and Seller, no
Intellectual Property has been infringed, or challenged, or made the subject
of an adverse claim or threatened in any way. None of the Intellectual
Property nor any services or products manufactured, rendered or sold by the
Company or any Subsidiary under or incorporating the Intellectual Property
infringe or violate, or, to the Knowledge of The Limited and Seller, are
alleged to materially infringe or violate any trademark, patent, copyright,
or other proprietary right of any Person, including but not limited to any
domain registrations, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received
any notice of such infringement or alleged infringement, violation or
proceeding of any nature, whether judicial, arbitral or otherwise, relating
to any of the Intellectual Property. Under any license, sublicense or other
agreement as to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party and pursuant
to which any other Person is authorized to use any Key Trademark, each such
Person authorized under any such license, sublicense or agreement is a
"related company" (as such term is defined under Sections 5 and 45 of the
Trademark Act of 1946, as amended), and the Company and its Subsidiaries, to
the extent a party to such license, sublicense or agreement, have at all
times overseen such Person\'s use of the Key Trademark and the nature and
quality of the goods and services offered under such Key Trademark and
no such Key Trademark has been used in a manner that is "deceptive" (as such
term is used under Section 5 of the Trademark Act of 1946, as amended). As
used herein, "Key Trademark" means "Lane Bryant," "Venezia" and "Cacique" and
any logos with respect to the foregoing.   (c) Except as would not be
material, all personnel, including employees, agents, consultants, and
contractors, who have contributed to or participated in the conception and
development of Intellectual Property on behalf of the Company or  
23   any of its Subsidiaries either (1) have been part of a "work-for-
hire" arrangement or agreement with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
in accordance with applicable federal and state law, that has accorded to
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, full, effective, exclusive, and
original ownership of all tangible and intangible property thereby arising,
or (2) have executed appropriate instruments of assignment in favor of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries as assignee(s) that have conveyed to the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries full, effective, and exclusive ownership
of all tangible and intangible property thereby arising.   (d) Neither The
Limited or any of its Affiliates, nor the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
has, by agreement (written or oral), course of conduct or otherwise, waived,
modified or terminated any material rights in favor of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries set forth in the Trademark License Agreement dated August
20, 1993, as amended on December 9, 1996, February 18, 1998 and July 9, 2001,
among Lanco, Inc., Lernco, Inc., Limited Stores, Inc., Lane Bryant, Inc.,
Lane Bryant Direct, Inc. and Lerner Direct, Inc., the Electronic Media
Trademark License Agreement dated August 20, 1993 among Lanco, Inc., Lernco,
Inc., Limited Stores, Inc., Lane Bryant, Inc., Lane Bryant Direct, Inc. and
Lerner Direct, Inc. or the Consumer Marketing Database Services
Agreement among ADS Alliance Data Systems, Inc., Intimate Brands, Inc. and
The Limited, Inc. dated September 1, 2000 (the "Database Services
Agreement").   Section 3.20. Personal Property; Bank Accounts. (a) The
Company and each Subsidiary have good and marketable title to all of the
material properties and assets used by Company and each Subsidiary in the
conduct of their respective businesses (not including real property) free and
clear of any Lien other than Permitted Liens and Exceptions, and all material
properties and assets owned or leased by the Company or any Subsidiary are in
the possession or under the control of the Company or a Subsidiary and are,
in the aggregate, in good condition and repair, ordinary wear and tear
excepted, are suitable for the purposes for which they are being used and are
of a condition, nature and quantity sufficient for the conduct of the
business of such entity. Together with the services to be provided under the
Services Agreement, the properties and assets of the Company and the
Subsidiaries are sufficient for the continued conduct of their respective
businesses after the Closing in substantially the same manner as conducted
prior to the Closing.   (b) Section 3.20 of the Disclosure Schedule contains
a complete and accurate list of each bank, checking, money market, investment
or similar account, excluding individual store deposit accounts (each, a
"Company Account"), owned by or used for the business and operations of the
Company and its Subsidiaries and each individual authorized to have access to
and make transactions under each Company Account.   Section 3.21.
Suppliers. Section 3.21 of the Disclosure Schedule lists (a) the names of the
twenty suppliers and vendors from whom the Company and the  
24   Subsidiaries made the most purchases during the most recently
completed fiscal year and the aggregate expenditures attributable to each in
such year and (b) each outstanding purchase order commitment to purchase
inventory with any supplier or vendor that is outstanding as of the second
Business Day prior to the date hereof, the products subject to such purchase
order and the applicable supplier or vendor. To the Knowledge of The Limited
and Seller, the Company and each Subsidiary enjoys good working relationships
under all arrangements and agreements with their current suppliers (including
each of the suppliers listed in clause (a) of this Section) sufficient to the
normal operation of their businesses.   Section 3.22. Labor Matters. (a) No
application or petition for certification of a collective bargaining agent is
pending and none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is
represented by any union or other bargaining representative; (b) since
January 1, 2000, no union has attempted to organize any group of the
Company\'s or any Subsidiary\'s employees, and, to the Knowledge of The
Limited and Seller, no group of the Company\'s or any Subsidiary\'s employees
has sought to organize themselves into a union or similar organization for
the purpose of collective bargaining; (c) since January 1, 2000, there has
not been and there is not currently pending any material labor arbitration or
proceeding in respect of the grievance of any employee, any application,
charge or complaint filed by any employee or union with the National Labor
Relations Board or any comparable state or local agency, any strike,
slowdown, picketing or material work stoppage by any employees at
any facility of the Company or any Subsidiary, any lockout of any such
employees or any labor trouble or other labor-related controversy, occurrence
or condition.   Section 3.23. Books and Records. True, complete and correct
copies of the certificates or articles of incorporation and bylaws of the
Company and each Subsidiary (or other comparable organizational documents)
have been delivered or made available to Buyer and such documents, in the
form delivered to Buyer, are in full force and effect as of the date hereof.
The minute books of the Company and each Subsidiary contain complete and
accurate records of all meetings held of, and corporate action taken by, the
shareholders, the boards of directors and each committee of the boards of
directors of the Company and the Subsidiaries and no meetings or actions of
such shareholders or of any such board of directors or committee have been
held for which minutes or other appropriate records have not been prepared
and included in such minute books. Complete and accurate copies, as of the
date hereof, of all such minute books and stock records have been made
available to Buyer. The books and records of the Company and each Subsidiary
have been maintained in accordance with sound business practices. The Company
and each Subsidiary maintains internal accounting controls which, in its
reasonable judgment, provide reasonable assurance that: (a) transactions are
executed in accordance with management\'s authorization; and (b) transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of reliable financial
statements and to maintain accountability for earnings and assets.  
25    Section 3.24. Finders\' Fees. Except for Lazard Freres and Co., LLC,
whose fees will be paid by The Limited, there is no investment banker,
broker, finder or other intermediary which has been retained by or is
authorized to act on behalf of Seller, The Limited, the Company or any
Subsidiary which might be entitled to any fee or commission in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   Section 3.25.
Securities Matters. (a) The Limited and Seller acknowledge that the shares of
Stock Consideration and the shares of Adjustment Stock Consideration if any
(the "Parent Shares") have not been registered under the 1933 Act, on the
grounds that the issuance thereof to Seller in connection with the
transactions contemplated in this Agreement is exempt from
registration pursuant to Section 4(2) of the 1933 Act, and that the reliance
of Parent on such exemption is predicated in part on the acknowledgements,
representations and warranties set forth in this Section 3.25. Any references
to the Adjustment Stock Consideration in this Section 3.25 are included for
the convenience of the parties and are not intended to limit the general
applicability of Section 2.04(d)(ii).   (b) The Parent Shares will be
acquired by Seller for investment for its own account and not with a view to,
or for sale in connection with, any distribution thereof in violation of the
1933 Act.   (c) The Limited and Seller: (1) acknowledge that the Parent
Shares to be issued to Seller are not registered under the 1933 Act and may
not be transferred unless the Parent Shares are subsequently registered under
the 1933 Act or an exemption from registration is available, and (2) are
aware that Parent is not obligated to register any sale, transfer or other
disposition of the Parent Shares except as contemplated by this
Agreement.   (d) Seller (either alone or together with its advisors) has
sufficient knowledge and experience in financial and business matters so as
to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment in Parent
Shares and is capable of bearing the economic risks of such investment.  
(e) The Limited and Seller acknowledge that the certificates representing the
Parent Shares will contain restrictive legends noting the restrictions
on transfer described in this Section 3.25 and in Section 5.10 and under
federal and applicable state securities laws, and that appropriate "stop-
transfer" instructions will be given to Parent\'s stock transfer agent. It is
understood that such legends and "stop-transfer" instructions will be removed
at the time and to the extent the Parent Shares are registered under the 1933
Act.   (f) The Limited and Seller are informed and sophisticated purchasers,
and have engaged expert advisors, experienced in the evaluation and purchase
of securities such as the Parent Shares as contemplated hereunder. The
Limited and Seller have undertaken such investigation as they have deemed
necessary to   26   enable them to make an informed and intelligent
decision with respect to the execution, delivery and performance of the
Transaction Documents. The Limited and Seller acknowledge that Parent and its
Affiliates have given The Limited and Seller access to key employees,
documents and facilities of Parent and its subsidiaries. The Limited and
Seller will undertake prior to Closing such further investigation and request
such additional documents and information as they deem necessary. The Limited
and Seller agree to accept the Stock Consideration in the condition it is in
on the Closing Date, and the Adjustment Stock Consideration in the condition
it is in on the Adjustment Closing Date, based upon their own inspection,
examination and determination with respect thereto as to all matters, and
without reliance upon any express or implied representations or warranties of
any nature, whether in writing, oral or otherwise, made by or on behalf of or
imputed to Parent or any of its Affiliates, except as expressly set forth in
this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, The Limited
and Seller acknowledge that Parent and its Affiliates make no representation
or warranty with respect to any projections, estimates or budgets delivered
to or made available to The Limited and Seller of future revenues, future
results of operations (or any component thereof), future cash flows or future
financial condition (or any component thereof) of Parent and its subsidiaries
or the future business and operations of Parent and its subsidiaries or any
other information or documents made available to The Limited, Seller or their
counsel, accountants or advisors with respect to Parent and its subsidiaries
or any of the foregoing business, assets, liabilities or operations, except
as expressly set forth in this Agreement.   Section 3.26. Guarantees.
Appendix 6.05 sets forth a complete and accurate list of each Financial
Support Arrangement. The Limited has furnished Parent and Buyer with true and
correct copies of each such Financial Support Arrangement.   ARTICLE 4 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND BUYER   Parent and Buyer each
represent and warrant to The Limited and Seller, as of the date hereof and as
of the Closing, that:   Section 4.01. Corporate Existence and Power. Parent
is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and has all necessary
corporate power and authority, and all material Permits, required to carry on
its business as now conducted, to own and lease assets which it owns and
leases and to perform all of its obligations under each agreement to which it
is a party or by which it is bound. Parent is duly qualified to do business
as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in
which its ownership of or leasing of assets or properties or the nature of
its activities requires such qualification, except for those jurisdictions
in   27   which the failure to be so qualified would not, individually or
in the aggregate, have, or be reasonably likely to have a material adverse
effect on the business, properties, assets, results of operations, prospects
or condition (financial or otherwise) of Parent and its subsidiaries, taken
as a whole, except any such effect resulting from (1) this Agreement or the
transactions specifically contemplated hereby, (2) changes or conditions in
either the women\'s apparel sector or retail sector generally or (3) changes
or conditions arising from economic, market, regulatory or political
conditions generally (a "Parent Material Adverse Effect"). Buyer is a
corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation. Buyer is a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Parent and was formed solely for the purposes of engaging in
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and has engaged in no other
business activities and has conducted its operations only as contemplated
hereby. As used in this Article 4 the term "subsidiary" shall mean any entity
of which securities or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power
to elect a majority of the board of directors or other persons performing
similar functions are at the time directly or indirectly owned by the
Parent.   Section 4.02. Corporate Authorization. The execution, delivery
and performance by each of Parent and Buyer of the Transaction Documents to
which it is a party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
thereby are within the corporate powers and authority of each of Parent and
Buyer and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the
part of Parent and Buyer. To the extent a party thereto, each of the
Transaction Documents constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of
Parent and Buyer, as applicable, and is enforceable against each of Parent
and Buyer, as applicable, in accordance with its respective terms, (1) except
as enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium or similar laws now or hereafter in effect
relating to or affecting creditors\' rights generally, including the effect
of statutory and other laws concerning fraudulent conveyances and
preferential transfers, and (2) subject to the limitations imposed by general
equitable principles (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered
in a proceeding at law or in equity).   Section 4.03. Governmental
Authorization. To the extent a party thereto, the execution, delivery and
performance by Parent and Buyer, as applicable, of each of the Transaction
Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby
require no material action, consent or approval by or in respect of, material
filing with or material notice to, any governmental body, agency or official
other than (1) compliance with any applicable requirements of the HSR Act;
(2) compliance with any applicable requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1934
Act; and (3) any required filings with or approvals from The Nasdaq National
Market.   Section 4.04. Noncontravention. The execution, delivery and
performance by Parent and Buyer, as applicable, of any of the Transaction  
28   Documents to which it is a party and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not (1) violate or conflict
with the certificate of incorporation or bylaws (or other organizational
documents) of Parent or Buyer, (2) assuming compliance with the matters
referred to in Section 4.03, contravene or conflict with or constitute a
violation of any provision of any Law binding upon or applicable to Parent or
Buyer, or (3) with or without the giving of notice or the lapse of time, or
both, constitute a default under or give rise to any right of termination,
cancellation or acceleration of any right or obligation of Parent or Buyer,
or to a loss of any benefit to which Parent or Buyer is entitled under any
provision of any agreement, contract or other instrument to which Parent or
Buyer is a party or by which either of them or their respective properties or
assets is bound, or give to others any rights (including rights of
termination, foreclosure, cancellation or acceleration) in or with respect to
any of their respective properties or assets except for any such default,
termination, cancellation, acceleration or loss that would not
be material.   Section 4.05. Financing. Parent has received the commitment
letter dated May 31, 2001 from the signatories thereto, a true and correct
copy of which is set forth in Appendix 4.05 (the "Commitment Letter"). Upon
satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in the Commitment Letter,
Buyer will have prior to the Closing sufficient cash, available lines of
credit or other sources of immediately available funds necessary to enable it
to make the Cash Payment at Closing. Parent has no reason to believe that any
of the conditions precedent set forth in the Commitment Letter will not be
satisfied prior to Closing.   Section 4.06. Purchase and Investment. Buyer
is purchasing the Shares for investment for its own account and not with a
view to, or for sale in connection with, any distribution thereof. Buyer
(either alone or together with its advisors) has sufficient knowledge and
experience in financial and business matters so as to be capable of
evaluating the merits and risks of its investment in the Shares and is
capable of bearing the economic risks of such investment.   Section 4.07.
Litigation; Compliance with Laws. Except as disclosed in the Parent
Commission Reports, there are no claims, actions, suits, investigations or
proceedings (arbitration or otherwise) pending against, or to the
knowledge of Parent, threatened against or affecting, Parent or any
subsidiary of Parent, any of their respective properties or assets, or the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents before any court or
arbitrator or any governmental body, agency or official where there is a
reasonable possibility of a judgment adverse to Parent or its subsidiaries
which would result in a Parent Material Adverse Effect or which in any manner
challenges or seeks to prevent, enjoin, alter or materially delay the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. To the knowledge of Parent,
there are no facts which could reasonably serve as a basis for any such
claim, action, suit, investigation or proceeding. There are no material
unsatisfied judgments, penalties or awards against or affecting Parent or any
subsidiary or any of their businesses, properties or assets. Parent and its
subsidiaries are in   29   compliance in all material respects with all
applicable Laws, and neither Parent nor any subsidiary of Parent has any
basis to expect any notice, order or other written communication from any
governmental agency or instrumentality thereof alleging any actual or
potential material violation of or failure to comply with any Law.  
Section 4.08. Finders\' Fees. Except for J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.,
whose fees will be paid by Parent, there is no investment banker, broker,
finder or other intermediary which has been retained by or is authorized to
act on behalf of Parent or Buyer who might be entitled to any fee or
commission from The Limited or any of its Affiliates upon consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   Section 4.09. Inspections;
No Other Representations. Parent and Buyer are informed and sophisticated
purchasers, and have engaged expert advisors, experienced in the evaluation
and purchase of companies such as the Company and its Subsidiaries as
contemplated hereunder. Parent and Buyer have undertaken such investigation
as they have deemed necessary to enable them to make an informed and
intelligent decision with respect to the execution, delivery and performance
of the Transaction Documents. Buyer and Parent acknowledge that The Limited
and its Affiliates have given Parent and Buyer access to key
employees, documents and facilities of the Company and its Subsidiaries and,
to the extent related to the Company or any Subsidiary, The Limited and its
Affiliates. Parent and Buyer will undertake prior to Closing such further
investigation and request such additional documents and information as they
deem necessary. Buyer and Parent agree to accept the Shares and the Company
in the condition they are in on the Closing Date based upon their own
inspection, examination and determination with respect thereto as to all
matters, and without reliance upon any express or implied representations or
warranties of any nature, whether in writing, oral or otherwise, made by or
on behalf of or imputed to The Limited or any of its Affiliates, except as
expressly set forth in this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, Parent and Buyer acknowledge that The Limited and its Affiliates
make no representation or warranty with respect to any projections, estimates
or budgets delivered to or made available to Parent or Buyer of future
revenues, future results of operations (or any component thereof), future
cash flows or future financial condition (or any component thereof) of the
Company and its Subsidiaries or the future business and operations of the
Company and its Subsidiaries or any other information or documents made
available to Buyer, Parent or their counsel, accountants or advisors with
respect to the Company, its Subsidiaries, The Limited, any of The Limited\'s
Affiliates or any of the foregoing business, assets, liabilities
or operations, except as expressly set forth in this Agreement.   Section
4.10. Commission Reports; Financial Information. (a) Since January 1, 2000,
Parent has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the "Commission") all forms, statements, reports and documents required to
be   30   filed by it under each of the 1933 Act and the 1934 Act
(collectively, the "Parent Commission Reports"). The Parent Commission
Reports have been made available to The Limited and Seller. The Parent
Commission Reports (i) at the time filed, complied in all material respects
with the applicable requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1934 Act, as
applicable, and (ii) did not at the time they were filed (or if amended or
superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement, then on the date
of such amending or superseding filing) contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.   (b) Each of the
financial statements (including, in each case, any related notes) contained
in the Parent Commission Reports complied as to form in all material respects
with the applicable published rules and regulations of the Commission with
respect thereto, was prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent
basis throughout the periods involved (except as may be indicated in the
notes to such financial statements or, in the case of unaudited statements,
as permitted by Regulation S-X promulgated by the Commission) and include all
adjustments, consisting only of normal accounting adjustments, that the
Parent reasonably considers necessary for a fair presentation of
its financial position at the respective dates and the results of its
operations and cash flows for the periods indicated. Except as disclosed in
the Parent Commission Reports filed with the Commission prior to the date
hereof, since February 3, 2001, taking into account the cumulative effect of
all developments and events since such date, there has not been any
development or event that has had a Parent Material Adverse Effect.  
Section 4.11. Capitalization. The authorized capital stock of the Parent
as of the date hereof consists of 300,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.10
par value per share, of which 102,042,492 shares were outstanding on April
27, 2001, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $1.00 par value per share,
of which 500,000 shares have been designated as Series A Junior Participating
Preferred Shares, none of which are outstanding. All issued and outstanding
shares of capital stock of Parent have been duly authorized and validly
issued, are fully paid and non-assessable and were issued in compliance with
all applicable Laws concerning the issuance of securities.   Section 4.12.
Valid Issuance of Stock Consideration. The shares of Stock Consideration,
when issued in accordance with this Agreement, (a) will be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and (b) will be free of any
Liens other than as a result of any action by The Limited or its Affiliates;
provided, however, that the shares of Stock Consideration may be subject to
restrictions on transfer under applicable securities laws, under
this Agreement or under other Transaction Documents. The issuance of the
shares of Stock Consideration is not and will not be subject to any
preemptive rights or rights of first refusal applicable to the Parent that
have not been properly waived or complied with.   31    ARTICLE 5 
COVENANTS OF SELLER AND THE LIMITED   The Limited and Seller agree that:  
Section 5.01. Conduct of The Company. From the date hereof until the Closing
Date, except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedule or as
expressly contemplated by any of the Transaction Documents, The Limited and
Seller shall cause the Company and its Subsidiaries to (1) conduct their
respective businesses solely in the ordinary course in a manner consistent
with past practice and in material compliance with all applicable Laws,
Permits, agreements and commitments, (2) use their reasonable efforts to
preserve intact their business relationships and goodwill with third parties
and to keep available the services of their present employees, (3) maintain
their facilities and assets in the same state of repair, order and condition
as they were on the date hereof, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and (4)
maintain their corporate existence and pay and discharge all debts,
liabilities and obligations of the Company and its Subsidiaries as they
become due, other than debts that are disputed in good faith. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, from the date hereof until the
Closing Date, except as expressly contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
The Limited and Seller will not, and will cause the Company and its
Subsidiaries not to:   (a) knowingly take any action that would make any
representation or warranty of The Limited or Seller untrue as of the
Closing;   (b) adopt or propose any change in its certificate of
incorporation or bylaws;   (c) merge or consolidate with any other Person
or acquire a material amount of assets from any other Person other than (1)
pursuant to existing contracts, agreements or commitments that are disclosed
herein or in the Disclosure Schedule and (2) the acquisition of inventory in
the ordinary course of business;   (d) sell, lease, license or otherwise
dispose of any material assets or property except (1) pursuant to existing
contracts or commitments, or (2) for the sale of inventory in the ordinary
course of business or (3) for the sale, lease, disposition or encumbrance of
amounts of assets no longer used in the ordinary course of business in
amounts that are not material; (e) make any material change in inventory
policies or procedures, operating policies or procedures, or advertising and
promotion policies or procedures;   (f) increase the rates of compensation
or vacation or other benefits of employees earning less than $75,000 per
year, except (1) as required by any Law,   32   (2) in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice or (3) as required by any
contract in effect on the date hereof;   (g) increase the rates of
compensation or vacation or other benefits of employees earning $75,000 per
year or more, except (1) as required by any Law or (2) as required by any
contract in effect on the date hereof and identified in the Disclosure
Schedule;   (h) make any loan, advance or capital contribution to or
investment in any Person, except for travel, relocation and similar advances
in the ordinary course of business and in an amount less than $25,000 for any
employee;   (i) incur, assume or guarantee any debt for borrowed money,
other than letters of credit incurred or entered into in the ordinary course
of business;   (j) adopt any change in method of accounting or accounting
practice except as required by Law or GAAP;   (k) enter into any new lease
or sublease of Real Property or terminate, amend or cause or permit the
extension of the term of any Lease, without first consulting with and
obtaining the consent of Buyer (which consent shall not unreasonably be
withheld, conditioned or delayed);   (l) enter into any contract with The
Limited or any Affiliate of The Limited; or   (m) enter into a binding
agreement to do any of the foregoing.   Section 5.02. Cooperation On Certain
Matters.   (a) Access to Information Prior to Closing. From the date hereof
until the Closing Date, The Limited and Seller will (1) give, and will cause
the Company and its Subsidiaries to give, Buyer and its counsel, financial
advisors, auditors and other authorized representatives, and Buyer\'s sources
of funding under the Commitment Letter (the "Banks"), reasonable access to
the offices, properties, books and records of the Company and its
Subsidiaries and, to the extent related primarily to the Company and its
Subsidiaries, to the books and records of The Limited and Seller, during
normal business hours and upon reasonable prior notice, (2) furnish, and will
cause the Company and its Subsidiaries to furnish, to Buyer and its counsel,
financial advisors, auditors and other authorized representatives, and to the
Banks, such financial and operating data and other information relating to
the Company and its Subsidiaries as such Persons may reasonably request and
(3) instruct the employees, counsel and financial advisors of The Limited,
Seller, the Company and the Subsidiaries to cooperate with Buyer in its
investigation of the Company and its Subsidiaries. Any investigation pursuant
to this Section 5.02(a) shall be conducted in such a   33   manner as
not to interfere unreasonably with the conduct of the business of The Limited
or any of its Affiliates, the Company or any Subsidiary. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Buyer shall not have access to personnel records relating
to individual performance or evaluation records, medical histories or
other information which in The Limited\'s good faith opinion the disclosure
of which could subject The Limited or any of its Affiliates, the Company or
any Subsidiary to risk of liability.   (b) Access to Information Following
Closing. From and after the Closing Date, The Limited and Seller will afford
promptly to Parent and its Affiliates and their counsel, auditors and other
authorized representatives reasonable access to their books of account,
financial and other records, employees and auditors to the extent they relate
to the Company or its Subsidiaries and to the extent necessary to permit
Parent and its Affiliates to determine any matter relating to their rights
and obligations in connection with any audit, investigation, dispute or
litigation or any other reasonable business purpose relating to the Company
or its Subsidiaries or Parent\'s or any of its Affiliate\'s rights or
obligations under any of the Transaction Documents; provided that any such
access by Parent and its Affiliates and their counsel, auditors and other
authorized representatives shall not unreasonably interfere with the conduct
of the business of The Limited or any of its Affiliates.   (c) Litigation
Cooperation. The Limited shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, use
reasonable efforts to make available to Parent and its Affiliates and their
accountants, counsel, and other designated representatives, upon written
request, the officers, employees and representatives of The Limited and its
Affiliates as witnesses, and shall otherwise cooperate with Parent and its
Affiliates, and furnish or cause to be furnished such records,
information and testimony, and attend such conferences, discovery
proceedings, hearings, trials or appeals, in each case to the extent
reasonably required in connection with any legal, administrative or other
proceeding arising out of the Company\'s or any of its Subsidiaries\'
business and operations prior to the Closing Date in which Parent or its
Affiliates may from time to time be involved or otherwise related to any of
the Transaction Documents (other than with respect to proceedings involving
disputes between Parent and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and The Limited
and its Affiliates, on the other hand); provided that any such cooperation
shall not unreasonably interfere with the conduct of the business of The
Limited or any of its Affiliates.   (d) Cooperation on Tax Matters. The
Limited shall furnish or cause to be furnished to Parent, upon request, as
promptly as practicable, such information (including access to books and
records) and assistance as is reasonably necessary for the filing of any
Return (including without limitation the Returns specified in Sections
8.02(c), 8.02(d) and 8.02(e)), for the preparation for any audit, and for the
prosecution or defense of any claim, suit or proceeding relating to any
proposed Tax adjustment; provided that any such cooperation shall not  
34   unreasonably interfere with the conduct of the business of The Limited
or any of its Affiliates. The Limited shall cooperate with Parent in the
conduct of any audit or other proceeding involving the Company or any
Subsidiary for any Tax purposes and shall execute and deliver such powers of
attorney and other documents as are necessary to carry out the intent of this
subsection.   (e) Retention of Records. From and after the Closing Date,
except as otherwise required by law or agreed to in writing, The Limited and
its Affiliates shall retain all information and records relating to the
businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries. In addition, The Limited and
its Affiliates shall retain all information and records relating to any
matter as to which Parent seeks or may seek indemnification from The Limited
hereunder until final resolution of the matter to which such information and
records relate. Notwithstanding the prior two sentences of this Section
5.02(e), The Limited and its Affiliates may destroy or otherwise dispose of
any such information and records at any time, provided that, prior to such
destruction or disposal, (1) The Limited shall provide not less than 90
days\' prior written notice to Parent, specifying the information and records
proposed to be destroyed or disposed of, and (2) if Parent shall request in
writing prior to the scheduled date for such destruction or disposal that any
of the information and records proposed to be destroyed or disposed of be
delivered to Parent, The Limited shall promptly arrange for the delivery of
such of the information and records as was requested.   (f) Reimbursement.
Parent and Buyer shall bear all reasonable out-of- pocket costs and expenses
of The Limited and its Affiliates (excluding general overhead, salaries and
employee benefits), upon presentation of invoices therefor, which are
reasonably incurred by The Limited and its Affiliates in connection with the
provision of information, witnesses or cooperation pursuant to Sections
5.02(b)-(e).   Section 5.03. Maintenance of Insurance Policies. Prior to the
Closing, The Limited and its Affiliates will use reasonable efforts to
maintain insurance policies for the Company and its Subsidiaries and their
assets, properties and employees in an amount and scope consistent with any
such insurance policies in effect as of the date hereof. The Company and its
Subsidiaries shall after the Closing continue to have coverage under any such
insurance policies in effect at the Closing with respect to, but only with
respect to, events occurring prior to the Closing, and it is understood that
the Company and its Subsidiaries shall continue to be responsible for amounts
(including deductibles) not covered by such insurance policies, it being
further understood that the provisions of this Section 5.03 shall not
obligate The Limited or any of its Affiliates to pay any money with respect
to any insurance policies after the Closing.   Section 5.04. Non-
solicitation; Non-competition. From, and until the expiration of 18 months
from the date of this Agreement, The Limited shall not, and shall cause its
Affiliates not to, without the prior written approval of Buyer,  
35   directly or indirectly: (1) hire any person who, at any time on or
after the date of this Agreement, provides service as an employee of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries and who during such time (x) is or was a
store manager or is or was employed at or above the level of district manager
or (y) works or worked in the home office of the Company and its Subsidiaries
in Columbus, Ohio and earns or earned an annual salary in excess of $70,000,
(2) solicit for employment any employee of Parent or any of its Affiliates
with whom The Limited, its Affiliates or its representatives had contact at
any time during the process of Parent considering, investigating, negotiating
and consummating the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or (3)
solicit for employment any person who, at any time on or after the date of
this Agreement, provides service as an employee of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries; provided that the foregoing restrictions on solicitation shall
not prohibit solicitation conducted through an independent employment or
recruitment firm (so long as the firm was not directed to solicit such person
or the personnel of the Company or its Subsidiaries generally) or as a result
of the use of a general solicitation (such as an advertisement) not
specifically directed to employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries.  
(b) From, and until the fifth anniversary of, the Closing, The Limited shall
not, and shall cause its Affiliates not to, directly or indirectly: (1) own,
control, lease, operate or manage any retail store (including any
"niche" store, "store within a store" or outlet store) anywhere in the United
States (including, without limitation, internet web-sites accessible to
persons in the United States) which are focused primarily on the sale of
Large Size Women\'s Clothing (such stores and web-sites are referred to
herein as "Facilities"), (2) distribute anywhere in the world any mail order
catalogue focused primarily on the sale of Large Size Women\'s Clothing, or
(3) be or become a stockholder, partner, member or owner of, or give
financial or other assistance to, any Person owning, controlling, leasing,
operating or managing any Facility or engaging in any activity referred to in
clause (2) of this Section 5.04(b), except that The Limited may maintain, at
or below its current level, its equity investment in United Retail Group,
Inc. (as such investment may be modified as a result of a reclassification,
recapitalization, stock split or combination, exchange or adjustment of
shares, stock dividend, merger, business combination or similar transaction),
it being understood that in no event shall The Limited be obligated to
dispose of any interests if The Limited\'s ownership interest increases other
than as a result of The Limited\'s acquisition of any equity interests or
other actions taken to implement the relevant transaction (for example, no
such disposition shall be required if The Limited\'s percentage ownership
interest increases as a result of a United Retail Group, Inc.
share repurchase effected without The Limited\'s assistance). "Large Size
Women\'s Clothing" means (1) apparel (including intimate apparel) of sizes 14
and above and any other extra large size (which, as of the date hereof,
generally is designated by an "X," "XX" or larger size) and (2) brassieres of
sizes 42 and above. It is understood that the restrictions set forth in the
immediately preceding sentence will not apply to any Person that acquires (by
acquisition, merger or   36   otherwise) an interest in The Limited or
any of its Affiliates so long as such Person was not an Affiliate of The
Limited at any time prior to the entry into an agreement for such an
acquisition, merger or other acquisitive transaction (it being further
understood that, following the aforementioned acquisition, merger or other
acquisitive transaction, such restrictions will continue to apply to The
Limited and any Person who was an Affiliate of The Limited at any time prior
to such acquisition, merger or other transaction).   (c) Notwithstanding the
foregoing provisions of Section 5.04(b), nothing herein shall prohibit The
Limited or any of its Affiliates from: (i) owning up to 5% of the outstanding
shares entitled to vote generally in the election of directors or similar
persons of any Person engaged in the activities described in clauses (1), (2)
or (3) of Section 5.04(b) above; (ii) acquiring any business that includes
operations the conduct of which by The Limited or its Affiliates would
otherwise violate clauses (1), (2) or (3) of Section 5.04(b) above, provided
that (x) such operations do not, in the aggregate, represent more than 15% of
the consolidated assets or contribute more than 15% of the
consolidated revenues of the overall business so acquired, measured at the
time of acquiring such business (based on the most recent financial
statements of the business so acquired) and (y) the revenues of such
operations after their acquisition by The Limited or any of its Affiliates do
not increase by more than 5% per annum; (iii) acquiring any business that
includes operations the conduct of which by The Limited or its Affiliates
would otherwise violate clauses (1), (2) or (3) of Section 5.04(b) above,
provided that (x) such operations, in the aggregate, represent more than 15%
but less than 40% of the consolidated assets or contribute more than 15% but
less than 40% of the consolidated revenues of the overall business so
acquired, measured at the time of acquiring such business (based on the most
recent financial statements of the business so acquired), and (y) The Limited
or its Affiliate, as applicable, promptly following such acquisition
announces publicly its intention to dispose of such operations within 24
months of such acquisition (and completes such disposition within such time
period); or (iv) owning, controlling, leasing, operating or managing
any department store or similar general merchandise store.   (d) The
Limited and Seller acknowledge that in the event of a breach of any of the
noncompetition or nonsolicitation covenants contained in this Section 5.04,
the damage or imminent damage to the value and the goodwill of the
Company and its Subsidiaries shall be inestimable and that therefore any
remedy at law or in damages would be inadequate. Accordingly, following at
least 30 days prior written notice to The Limited and a reasonable
opportunity to cure, Parent and Buyer shall, in addition to damages incurred
by reason of any such breach, be entitled to injunctive relief, including
specific performance, with respect to any such breach in any court of
competent jurisdiction against The Limited or any Affiliate of The Limited,
without proof of actual damages and without the requirement of posting a bond
or other security. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of
this Section 5.04 shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any
other provision of this Section 5.04, which shall remain in   37   full
force and effect, and in the event that any provision of this Section
5.04 shall be determined to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason,
such provision shall be construed by limiting it so as to be valid and
enforceable to the fullest extent compatible with and possible under
applicable law. The Limited shall be liable for any breach of this Section
5.04 by its Affiliates.   Section 5.05. Lease Consents; Commitment Letter.
(a) From and after the date hereof (including after the Closing Date), The
Limited and Seller shall use their reasonable best efforts to obtain (and
cooperate with Parent and Buyer in obtaining) any consents, approvals and
authorizations required under each Lease as a result of the transactions
contemplated in this Agreement, in each case without payment of any penalty,
premium or other amounts to any other party to such Lease. It is understood
and agreed that in no event shall The Limited or any Affiliate or the Company
or a Subsidiary or Seller be obligated to pay any money to any Person to
obtain any such consent, approval or authorization.   (b) From and after the
date hereof, The Limited and Seller shall cooperate with Parent and Buyer in
satisfying the conditions precedent set forth in the Commitment Letter.  
Section 5.06. No Shop. Until such time, if any, as this Agreement
is terminated pursuant to Article 12, The Limited and Seller will not, and
will cause their Affiliates, the Company and each Subsidiary not to, directly
or indirectly, solicit, initiate or encourage any inquiries or proposals
from, discuss or negotiate with, or provide any non-public information to,
any Person (other than Parent and Buyer) relating to any transaction
involving the sale of the business or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary
(other than sales of assets in the ordinary course of business as permitted
by Section 5.01 hereof), or any of the capital stock of the Company or any
Subsidiary, or any merger, consolidation, business combination or similar
transaction involving the Company or any Subsidiary. To the extent
applicable, The Limited and Seller shall immediately cease any such
discussions or negotiations currently in progress and the provision of any
information regarding any such transaction.   Section 5.07. Future Auditor
Consent. The Limited shall cooperate reasonably with Parent in connection
with (a) Parent\'s effort to obtain any required consent from
PriceWaterhouseCoopers in connection with the inclusion of the Audited
Financial Statements in any filings by Parent under the 1933 Act or 1934 Act
and (b) Parent\'s effort to prepare financial statements for any
period commencing on or after the date of the Balance Sheet for inclusion by
Parent in any filing under the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act.   Section 5.08.
Mast Purchase Orders. From and after the Closing, The Limited shall cause
Mast Industries, Inc. ("Mast") to fulfill its obligations to the Company and
any Subsidiary for any purchase orders in effect on the Closing Date.  
38    (b) From and after the Closing, The Limited shall cause Mast to
continue to supply the Company and its Subsidiaries with merchandise and
supplies through the Spring 2002 retail season in a manner consistent with
the past practices between Mast on the one hand, and the Company and its
Subsidiaries, on the other hand, prior to the date of this Agreement.  
Section 5.09. Trademarks, etc. Prior to the Closing, The Limited shall cause
(a) its Affiliates to execute an assignment agreement in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to Buyer transferring to the Company or
any Subsidiary identified by Buyer all such Affiliate\'s rights in and to the
Domain Names and Marks identified on Section 3.19 to the Disclosure Schedule
(and the goodwill associated therewith) owned by, or held in the name of,
such Affiliate (b) its Affiliates to take such further action as Buyer may
reasonably request in connection with such Affiliate\'s performance under
such assignment agreement and (c) Caciqueco, Inc. to execute and file with
all necessary governmental entities any and all forms, notices or other
filings required to change the name of Caciqueco, Inc. to a name that does
not use the word "Cacique" or any derivation thereof.   Section 5.10.
Restricted Securities. Seller shall not sell, assign, transfer or otherwise
dispose of any of the shares of Stock Consideration or any interest therein
unless such sale, transfer or disposition has been registered under the 1933
Act or unless an exemption from registration is available. In addition, for a
period of one year after the Closing, Seller shall not, directly or
indirectly, sell, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of
or encumber any or all of the shares of Stock Consideration issued to
Seller pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any interest therein
without Parent\'s prior written consent.   Section 5.11. Standstill. For a
period of two years from the Closing, neither The Limited nor any of its
Affiliates shall, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent
of Parent: (a) in any manner acquire, agree to acquire, or make any proposal
to acquire any voting securities of Parent, or any rights or options to
acquire that ownership, except pursuant to a stock split, stock dividend,
rights offering, recapitalization, reclassification or similar transaction,
(b) propose to enter into any merger or business combination involving Parent
or to purchase a material portion of the assets of Parent, (c) make, or in
any way participate in, any solicitation of "proxies" (as such term is used
in Regulation 14A under the 1934 Act), to vote or seek to advise or influence
any person with respect to the voting of any securities of Parent, (d) form,
join, or in any way participate in a group (within the meaning of
Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act) with respect to any voting securities of
Parent, except any such arrangement solely among The Limited and its
Affiliates, (e) otherwise act, alone or in concert with others, to seek to
control the management, Board of Directors, or policies of Parent, except as
insofar as the enforcement of rights arising under any of the Transaction
Documents (which The Limited and its Affiliates are free to do) may be deemed
to effect the management or policies of Parent or its Board of Directors,
or   39   (f) publicly disclose any intention, plan or arrangement
inconsistent with any of the foregoing. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained in this Section, nothing shall prohibit The Limited and
its Affiliates from maintaining its ownership of the shares of Stock
Consideration.   Section 5.12. Purchase Order Information. At the Closing,
The Limited shall provide the Buyer with a list setting forth (1) each
outstanding purchase order commitment for inventory with any supplier or
vendor that is outstanding as of the second Business Day prior to the Closing
and (2) the products subject to such purchase order and the applicable
supplier or vendor.   Section 5.13. Confidentiality. All information
provided or made available to The Limited, Seller or any of their
Representatives (as such term is defined in the Confidentiality Agreement
dated as of June 18, 2001 between Parent and The Limited (the "Limited
Confidentiality Agreement")) will be subject to the Limited Confidentiality
Agreement, which agreement shall remain in full force and effect until and
following the Closing.   Section 5.14. Litigation Update. From the date
hereof until the Closing Date, The Limited agrees to promptly notify Parent
of any claims, actions, suits or investigations (arbitration or otherwise)
commenced against, or to the Knowledge of The Limited and Seller, threatened,
against the Company or any Subsidiary, The Limited or Seller, or any of their
Affiliates, before any court or arbitrator or any governmental body or agency
which in any manner challenges or seeks to prevent, enjoin, alter or
materially delay the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   ARTICLE
6  COVENANTS OF PARENT AND BUYER   Parent and Buyer agree that:   Section
6.01. Conduct of the Parent and Buyer. From the date hereof until the Closing
Date, except as expressly contemplated by the Transaction Documents, Parent
and Buyer shall (1) conduct their respective businesses in the
ordinary course in a manner consistent with past practice and in material
compliance with all applicable Laws, Permits, agreements and commitments, (2)
use their reasonable best efforts to preserve intact their business
relationships and goodwill with third parties and to keep available the
services of their present employees, (3) maintain their facilities and assets
in the same state of repair, order and condition as they were on the date
hereof, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and (4) maintain their corporate
existence and pay and discharge all of their debts, liabilities and
obligations as they become due, other than debts that are disputed in good
faith. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, from the date hereof
until the Closing Date, Parent and Buyer will not:   40    (a) knowingly
take any action that would make any representation or warranty of Parent or
Buyer untrue as of the Closing;   (b) adopt or propose any change in their
certificate of incorporations or bylaws;   (c) merge or consolidate with
any other Person (other than an Affiliate) or acquire a material amount of
assets from any other Person (other than an Affiliate) other than the
acquisition of inventory and other assets in the ordinary course of
business;   (d) adopt any change in method of accounting or accounting
practice except as required by Law or GAAP; or   (e) enter into any binding
agreement to do any of the foregoing.   Section 6.02. Confidentiality. All
information provided or made available to Parent, Buyer or any of their
Representatives (as such term is defined in the Confidentiality Agreement)
will be subject to the Confidentiality Agreement dated February 14, 2001
between Parent and The Limited (the "Confidentiality Agreement"), which
agreement shall remain in full force and effect until the Closing and shall
thereupon terminate except that the disclosure, but not the use (to the
extent necessary to operate the Company and the Subsidiaries in the ordinary
course) of any Confidential Information (as defined in the Confidentiality
Agreement) to the extent related solely to The Limited or its Affiliates
shall continue to be governed by the terms of the
Confidentiality Agreement.   Section 6.03. Cooperation on Certain
Matters.   (a) Access to Information Prior to Closing. From the date hereof
until the Closing Date, Parent and Buyer will (1) give The Limited and its
Affiliates and their counsel, financial advisors, auditors and other
authorized representatives reasonable access to their offices, properties,
books and records, during normal business hours and upon reasonable prior
notice, (2) furnish to The Limited and its Affiliates and their counsel,
financial advisors, auditors and other authorized representatives, such
financial and operating data and other information relating the Parent and
its Affiliates as such Persons may reasonably request and (3) instruct their
employees, counsel and financial advisors to cooperate with The Limited and
its Affiliates in their investigation of Parent and Buyer. Any investigation
pursuant to this Section 6.03(a) shall be conducted in such a manner as not
to interfere unreasonably with the conduct of the business of Parent or its
Affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, The Limited and its Affiliates
shall not have access to personnel records.   41    (b) Access to
Information Following Closing. From and after the Closing Date, Parent and
Buyer will afford, and will cause the Company and each Subsidiary to afford,
promptly to The Limited and its Affiliates and their counsel, auditors and
other authorized representatives reasonable access to their books of account,
financial and other records, employees and auditors to the extent they relate
to the Company or its Subsidiaries and to the extent necessary to permit The
Limited and its Affiliates to determine any matter relating to their rights
and obligations in connection with any audit, investigation, dispute or
litigation or any other reasonable business purpose relating to the Company
or its Subsidiaries or The Limited\'s or any of its Affiliate\'s rights or
obligations under any of the Transaction Documents; provided that any such
access by The Limited and its Affiliates and their counsel, auditors and
other authorized representatives shall not unreasonably interfere with the
conduct of the business of Parent, its Affiliates, the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries.   (c) Litigation Cooperation. Parent shall, and shall cause
its Affiliates to, use reasonable efforts to make available to The Limited
and its Affiliates and their accountants, counsel, and other designated
representatives, upon written request, the officers, employees and
representatives of Parent and its Affiliates as witnesses, and shall
otherwise cooperate with The Limited and its Affiliates, and furnish or cause
to be furnished such records, information and testimony, and attend such
conferences, discovery proceedings, hearings, trials or appeals, in each case
to the extent reasonably required in connection with any legal,
administrative or other proceeding arising out of the Company\'s or any of
its Subsidiaries\' business and operations prior to the Closing Date in which
The Limited or any of its Affiliates may from time to time be involved
or otherwise related to any of the Transaction Documents (other than with
respect to proceedings involving disputes between Parent and its Affiliates,
on the one hand, and The Limited and its Affiliates, on the other hand);
provided, however, that The Limited shall use its reasonable best efforts to
pursue the Retained Landlord Claims in a manner that does not involve Parent,
the Company or any of their Affiliates, or their respective directors,
officers, employees or representatives (including, without limitation, to the
extent feasible, pursuing litigation or similar proceedings in the name of
The Limited or one of its Affiliates); and provided further that any such
cooperation by Parent and its Affiliates shall not unreasonably interfere
with the conduct of the business of Parent or any of its Affiliates. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is understood that,
notwithstanding use of its best efforts as contemplated above, if The Limited
is unable to pursue the Retained Landlord Claims without involving Parent or
its Affiliates, Parent and its Affiliates will execute all complaints and
other court or similar papers reasonably requested in order to assist The
Limited and its Affiliates in their efforts to pursue the Retained Landlord
Claims.   (d) Cooperation on Tax Matters. Parent shall furnish or cause to
be furnished to The Limited, upon request, as promptly as practicable,
such information (including access to books and records) and assistance as
is   42   reasonably necessary for the filing of any Return (including
without limitation the Returns specified in Section 8.02(c), 8.02(d) and
8.02(e)), for the preparation for any audit, and for the prosecution or
defense of any claim, suit or proceeding relating to any proposed Tax
adjustment; provided that any such cooperation by Parent and its Affiliates
shall not unreasonably interfere with the conduct of the business of Parent
or any of its Affiliates. Parent shall cooperate with The Limited in the
conduct of any audit or other proceeding involving the Company or any
Subsidiary for any Tax purposes and shall execute and deliver such powers of
attorney and other documents as are necessary to carry out the intent of this
subsection.   (e) Retention of Records. From and after the Closing Date,
except as otherwise required by law or agreed to in writing, Parent and its
Affiliates shall, and shall cause the Company and its Subsidiaries to, retain
all information and records (including, without limitation, records relating
to Taxes) relating to the businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries that
were in the possession of the Company or any Subsidiary as of the Closing
Date and, with respect to Taxes, all records related to Returns for Straddle
Periods. In addition, Parent and its Affiliates shall retain all information
and records relating to the Retained Litigation, the Retained Landlord
Claims, the Credit Card Litigation or any matter as to which The Limited
seeks or may seek indemnification from Parent hereunder, in each case until
final resolution of the matter to which such information and records relate.
Notwithstanding the prior two sentences of this Section 6.03(e), Parent and
its Affiliates may destroy or otherwise dispose of any such information and
records at any time, provided that, prior to such destruction or disposal,
(1) Parent shall provide not less than 90 days\' prior written notice to The
Limited, specifying the information and records proposed to be destroyed or
disposed of, and (2) if The Limited shall request in writing prior to the
scheduled date for such destruction or disposal that any of the information
and records proposed to be destroyed or disposed of be delivered to The
Limited, Parent shall promptly arrange for the delivery of such of the
information and records as was requested.   (f) Reimbursement. The Limited
shall bear all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses of Parent and its
Affiliates (excluding general overhead, salaries and employee benefits), upon
presentation of invoices therefor, which are reasonably incurred by Parent
and its Affiliates in connection with the provision of information, witnesses
or cooperation pursuant to Sections 6.03(b)- (e).   Section 6.04.
Insurance. Buyer agrees that, subject to Section 5.03, all insurance policies
covering the Company or any Subsidiary maintained by or on behalf of The
Limited or its Affiliates shall be terminated following the Closing and that,
after the Closing, The Limited and its Affiliates shall have no obligation of
any kind to maintain any form of insurance covering the Company or any
Subsidiary.   43    Section 6.05. Guarantees. (a) From and after the date
hereof (including after the Closing Date), Parent and Buyer shall use their
reasonable best efforts to cause the unconditional release with effect at the
Closing Date of The Limited and its Affiliates from their obligations under
any guarantees (including, without limitation, guarantees of lease
obligations), letters of credit, surety bonds and other financial support
arrangements maintained by The Limited or any of its Affiliates in connection
with the business or operations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and
listed on Appendix 6.05 hereto (collectively, the "Financial Support
Arrangements"). It is understood and agreed that in no event shall Parent,
Buyer, the Company or any Subsidiary be obligated to pay any money to any
Person to obtain any such unconditional release.   (b) If, from and after
the Closing, (1) any amounts are drawn or required to be paid under any
Financial Support Arrangement by The Limited or any of its Affiliates in
connection with events or other matters occurring after the Closing Date or
(2) The Limited or any of its Affiliates is required to pay any fees, costs
or expenses under the terms of any Financial Support Arrangement, then The
Limited shall promptly provide Buyer with written evidence of the underlying
payment obligation. Upon receipt of such notice, Parent shall promptly
satisfy such payment obligation on behalf of The Limited or its Affiliates,
or, if The Limited or any of its Affiliates has made such payments itself,
Parent shall reimburse The Limited for such amounts promptly after receipt
from The Limited of proof of payment.   Section 6.06. Outstanding Checks;
Reimbursement of Payments by The Limited. (a) The Limited shall ensure that
checks written but not cashed before the Closing in respect of obligations of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall be paid.   (b) It is the
intent of the parties that, except as contemplated by any of the Transaction
Documents, all invoices relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
received after the Closing be paid by the Company or a Subsidiary (as opposed
to The Limited or any of its Affiliates) and, in furtherance of such intent,
The Limited will use its reasonable commercial efforts to promptly forward to
the Company all invoices relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
which are received by The Limited or any of its Affiliates after the Closing
("Post-Closing Invoices"). It is understood, however, that there may be
circumstances in which, notwithstanding the use of such reasonable
commercial efforts, The Limited or one of its Affiliates will pay a Post-
Closing Invoice on behalf of the Company or one of its Subsidiaries. It is
agreed that Parent shall reimburse The Limited, or an Affiliate of The
Limited, as The Limited may designate, for all amounts paid by The Limited or
any of its Affiliates in respect of Post-Closing Invoices within ten (10)
days after receipt from The Limited of a notice thereof accompanied by
written evidence of the underlying payment (each, a "Payment Date"). If the
Parent fails to pay any payment within thirty (30) days of the relevant
Payment Date, Parent shall be obligated to pay, in addition to the  
44   amount due on such Payment Date, interest on such amount at the
Reference Rate, plus 3% per annum compounded monthly from the relevant
Payment Date through the date of payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Parent shall have no obligation to reimburse The Limited or any of its
Affiliates for any payment made by The Limited or any of its Affiliates in
respect of any Post-Closing Invoice if Parent or any of its Affiliates paid
the same Post-Closing Invoice.   Section 6.07. Non-solicitation. From, and
until the expiration of 18 months from the date of this Agreement, Parent
shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates not to, without the prior written
approval of The Limited, directly or indirectly solicit for employment any
person who is an employee of The Limited or any of its Affiliates with whom
the Parent, its Affiliates or its representatives had contact at any time
during the process of Parent considering, investigating, negotiating and
consummating the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; provided that
the foregoing shall not prohibit solicitation conducted through an
independent employment or recruitment firm (so long as the firm was not
directed to solicit such person or the personnel of The Limited or its
Affiliates generally) or as a result of the use of a general solicitation
(such as an advertisement) not specifically directed to employees of The
Limited or its Affiliates.   Section 6.08. Proceeds from Credit Card
Litigation. Parent and Buyer agree that The Limited shall be entitled to all
proceeds, awards, judgments and settlements which are attributable to The
Limited, any of its Affiliates, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in
connection with the matters described in Appendix 6.08 (the "Credit Card
Litigation"). The Limited, at its expense, shall control the prosecution of
the Credit Card Litigation.   Section 6.09. Reverse Break-up Fee. If on or
prior to the Termination Date (A) the condition in Section 10.02(c) hereof
shall not have been satisfied, (B) all other conditions to Parent\'s and
Buyer\'s obligation to consummate the Closing have been satisfied or are then
capable of being satisfied (other than any failure of a condition to be
satisfied or capable of being satisfied for reasons that are directly or
indirectly a consequence of the failure to be satisfied of the condition set
forth in Section 10.02(c)) and (C) Parent and Buyer do not proceed with the
Closing, then Parent shall promptly pay to the Seller as a non-refundable fee
an aggregate of $8,500,000 in immediately available funds by wire transfer to
an account designated by Seller, such payment to be made not more than two
Business Days following any termination of this Agreement. The $8,500,000 fee
referred to in the preceding sentence shall be payable as liquidated damages,
and neither The Limited, Seller nor any of their Affiliates shall be entitled
to any further remedy for the failure of the condition in Section 10.02(c) to
be satisfied.   Section 6.10. Shelf Registration Statement. (a) Parent shall
prepare and file with the Commission a shelf registration statement (as
amended and supplemented from time to time, the "Shelf Registration
Statement") with respect to the Registrable Securities (as such term is
defined in the Registration   45   Agreement) in accordance with Rule 415
under the 1933 Act and will use its reasonable best efforts to cause such
Shelf Registration Statement to be declared effective no later than 11 months
from the Closing Date and to keep such Shelf Registration Statement
continuously effective and in compliance with the 1933 Act and usable for
resale or hedging of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the terms
of the Registration Agreement. If the Shelf Registration Statement has been
declared effective prior to the issuance of shares of Parent Common Stock
constituting the Adjustment Stock Consideration, Parent shall prepare and
file with the Commission a post-effective amendment to such Shelf
Registration, and use its reasonable best efforts to have such
post- effective amendment declared effective as promptly as possible, to
include such shares of Parent Common Stock within the scope of the Shelf
Registration Statement.   (b) Listing. Parent shall use its reasonable best
efforts to cause the Stock Consideration to be listed on the Nasdaq National
Market at the Closing, subject to official notice of issuance.   Section
6.11. Litigation Update. From the date hereof until the Closing Date, Parent
agrees to promptly notify The Limited of any claims, actions, suits or
investigations (arbitration or otherwise) commenced against, or to
the knowledge of Parent or Buyer, threatened, against, Parent or Buyer or any
of their Affiliates, before any court or arbitrator or any governmental body
or agency which in any manner challenges or seeks to prevent, enjoin, alter
or materially delay the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  
ARTICLE 7  COVENANTS OF PARENT, BUYER, THE LIMITED AND SELLER   Parent,
Buyer, The Limited and Seller agree that:   Section 7.01. Further
Assurances. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Parent,
Buyer, The Limited and Seller will use their reasonable best efforts to take,
or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things
necessary or desirable to consummate the transactions contemplated by any of
the Transaction Documents. The Limited, Seller, Parent and Buyer shall
execute and deliver, and The Limited and Seller, prior to the Closing, and
Parent and Buyer, after the Closing, shall cause the Company and each
Subsidiary to execute and deliver, such other documents,
certificates, agreements and other writings and to take such other actions as
may be necessary or appropriate in order to consummate or implement
expeditiously the transactions contemplated by any of the Transaction
Documents.   Section 7.02. Certain Filings. The Limited, Seller, Parent and
Buyer shall cooperate with one another (1) in determining whether any action
by or in respect of, or filing with, any governmental body, agency, official
or authority is   46   required, or any actions, consents, approvals or
waivers are required to be obtained from parties to any material contracts,
in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by any
of the Transaction Documents and (2) subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, in taking such actions or making any such filings, furnishing
information required in connection therewith and seeking timely to obtain any
such actions, consents, approvals or waivers.   Section 7.03. Public
Announcements. The parties shall consult with each other before issuing any
press release or making any public statement with respect to any Transaction
Document or the transactions contemplated thereby and will not issue any such
press release or make any such public statement prior to such consultation.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as provided by Section 6.02, no
provision of this Agreement shall relieve Parent or any of
its Representatives (as such term is defined in the Confidentiality
Agreement) from any of its obligations under the Confidentiality
Agreement.   Section 7.04. HSR Filings. The parties shall promptly make the
filing required by the HSR Act.   Section 7.05. Transition Services. At the
Closing, the parties will enter into a Transition Services Agreement (the
"Services Agreement"), the form of which is attached as Exhibit A.  
Section 7.06. Store Leases Agreement. At the Closing, the parties will enter
into a Store Leases Agreement (the "Store Leases Agreement"), the form
of which is attached as Exhibit B.   Section 7.07. Intentionally
Omitted.   Section 7.08. Headquarters and Distribution Center Lease. At the
Closing, the parties thereto will enter into a lease with respect to the
headquarters and distribution facilities of the Company (the "HQ Lease"), the
form of which is attached as Exhibit D.   Section 7.09. Registration
Agreement. At the Closing, the parties will enter into a Registration
Agreement (the "Registration Agreement"), the form of which is attached as
Exhibit E.   Section 7.10. Access and Waiver Agreement. At the Closing, the
parties thereto will enter into an Access and Waiver Agreement (the "Access
and Waiver Agreement"), the form of which is attached as Exhibit F.  
Section 7.11. Covenant Agreement. At the Closing, the parties thereto
will enter into a Covenant Agreement (the "Covenant Agreement"), the form of
which is attached as Exhibit G.   47    Section 7.12. Master Sublease.
At the Closing, the parties thereto will enter into a Master Sublease (the
"Master Sublease"), the form of which is attached as Exhibit H.   Section
7.13. Cancellation of Related Party Contracts. Except as contemplated by any
of the Transaction Documents, all Related Party Agreements shall be cancelled
as of the Closing Date.   Section 7.14. Intercompany Accounts. Except as
contemplated by any of the Transaction Documents, (1) all intercompany
accounts payable by The Limited or any of its Affiliates, on the one hand, to
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, on the other hand, shall, immediately
prior to the Closing, be distributed by the Company to The Limited as a
dividend, and (2) all intercompany accounts payable by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, to The Limited or any of its Affiliates,
on the other hand, shall, immediately prior to Closing, be contributed by The
Limited to the capital of the Company.   Section 7.15. Mutual Release. (a)
Effective immediately prior to the Closing, The Limited hereby irrevocably
waives, releases and discharges the Company and its Subsidiaries from any and
all liabilities and obligations to The Limited and its Affiliates of any kind
or nature whatsoever (including, without limitation, in respect of rights of
contribution or indemnification), in each case whether absolute or
contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, and whether arising under any
agreement or understanding, or the articles, bylaws, or other constitutive
documents of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or otherwise at law or
equity. The foregoing waiver, release and discharge shall not apply
in respect of any liability or obligation arising under (1) any of the
Transaction Documents (including, without limitation, indemnification
obligations arising under Article 8 or Article 11 of this Agreement) or (2)
any agreement entered into on or after the Closing Date.   (b) At the
Closing, Buyer shall cause the Company to irrevocably waive, release and
discharge The Limited and its Affiliates from any and all liabilities and
obligations to the Company and its Subsidiaries of any kind or nature
whatsoever (including, without limitation, in respect of rights
of contribution or indemnification), in each case whether absolute or
contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, and whether arising under any
agreement or understanding, or the articles, bylaws, or other constitutive
documents of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or otherwise at law or
equity. The foregoing waiver, release and discharge shall not apply in
respect of any liability or obligation arising under (1) any of the
Transaction Documents (including, without limitation, indemnification
obligations arising under Article 8 or Article 11 of this Agreement) or (2)
any agreement entered into on or after the Closing Date.   48    Section
7.16. Certain Contracts. On behalf of itself and its Affiliates, effective as
of the Closing, The Limited forever releases, and irrevocably assigns to
Buyer, any and all rights that The Limited or any of its Affiliates have
(whether as a third party beneficiary or otherwise) in, to and under
any agreement, contract or commitment to which the Company or any Subsidiary
is a party or is otherwise bound to the extent that such rights relate solely
to (1) the Company or any Subsidiary or (2) the properties, assets, rights or
business of the Company or any Subsidiary. If the assignment to the Company
or any Subsidiary of such rights is not permitted under any such agreement,
contract or commitment, The Limited shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to,
use its reasonable best efforts to pass through to the Company and its
Subsidiaries the benefits associated with such rights, and exercise such
rights pursuant to the reasonable instructions of the Company or its
Subsidiaries. Parent and Buyer shall cause the Company and its Subsidiaries,
to assume, satisfy and discharge all of the obligations of The Limited and
its Affiliates and the Company and the Subsidiaries (1) arising under or in
connection with any agreement, contract or commitment assigned to the Company
or any Subsidiary pursuant to this Section 7.16 or (2) in connection with any
rights or benefits passed through to the Company or any Subsidiary pursuant
to this Section 7.16, in each case to the extent that such obligations relate
to the rights assigned or benefits passed through to the Company or any
Subsidiary pursuant to this Section 7.16.   (b) Notwithstanding the
provisions of clause (a) of this Section 7.16, with respect to the Database
Marketing Agreement, the parties agree as follows: (1) upon the request of
Parent, and subject to the written approval of ADS Alliance Data Systems,
Inc., The Limited shall enter into an amendment to the Database Marketing
Agreement such that the Company shall no longer be involved in any manner in
the matters addressed by that Agreement and all proprietary information of
the Company utilized in connection with the Database Marketing Agreement
("Company Proprietary Information") shall be delivered to the Company and (2)
until the Database Marketing Agreement is amended as contemplated by clause
(1), (x) The Limited shall pass through the benefits of the
Database Marketing Agreement (insofar relating to the Company Proprietary
Information) to the Company to the extent reasonably requested by the
Company, (y) the Company shall make to ADS Alliance Data Systems, Inc. all
payments allocated under that Agreement to the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries and (z) no Company Proprietary Information shall be used by The
Limited or any of its Affiliates in any manner in connection with any
business or operation of The Limited or any of its Affiliates and all such
information shall be deemed to be subject to the provisions of the Limited
Confidentiality Agreement.   (c) It is further understood and agreed that
(i) effective at Closing, the Company and its Subsidiaries shall assign to
The Limited all of their rights to pursue claims for overpayments in respect
of any of the Leases to the extent, but only to the extent, such overpayments
relate to payments made prior to the Closing in respect of periods prior to
the Closing (the "Retained Landlord   49   Claims") and (ii) at and after
the Closing, the Company and its Subsidiaries shall execute such additional
written assignments or other agreements as The Limited shall reasonably
request to implement or evidence the assignment of the Retained Landlord
Claims. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is understood
and agreed that The Limited (i) at its expense, shall control the pursuit of
any and all Retained Landlord Claims and shall be entitled to pursue and
control the prosecution of litigation or similar proceedings in respect
of any such Claim and (ii) shall be entitled to all proceeds, awards,
judgments and settlements in respect of any Retained Landlord Claims;
provided that if, in connection with the pursuit of a Retained Landlord
Claim, it is determined that rent, additional rent or percentage rent
(however characterized) due and payable prior to the Closing in respect of
the relevant lease was not paid in full prior to the Closing (a "Delinquent
Payment"), The Limited shall be responsible for such Delinquent Payment.  
Section 7.17. Financing Statements. It is understood that Parent\'s
lenders under the credit and security arrangements to be entered into by
Parent in connection with the Closing intend to file the UCC-1 financing
statements required by such arrangements prior to the Closing. The Limited
agrees to cause the Company to cooperate in connection with the filing of
such financing statements insofar as they relate to the assets of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries (including by executing such financing statements
or authorizations therefor); provided that, concurrently with the execution
of these financing statements by the Company or a Subsidiary, Parent\'s
lenders simultaneously deliver effective termination statements (and hold
under escrow arrangements satisfactory to The Limited) for such UCC-1
financing statements and agree in writing (in a manner satisfactory to The
Limited) that The Limited shall be entitled to file such termination
statements on October 1, 2001 if the Closing has not been consummated on or
prior to September 30, 2001.   Section 7.18 Store No. 2. From and after the
date hereof (including after the Closing if the construction referred to in
this Section 7.18 is not completed by such time), The Limited will continue
to work in good faith to complete any construction necessary to ensure that
the Store No. 2 building satisfies all applicable legal requirements
(determined in light of the current use of the Store No. 2 building), with
respect to structural, health and safety and similar matters (as such legal
requirements are in effect as of the Closing Date, and taking into account
all "grandfather" and similar provisions) and during such construction shall
provide reasonable access thereto to Parent\'s engineers and other
representatives. The Limited will be entitled to control the administration
of the construction process and, in doing so, will act in a manner intended
to complete the construction as promptly as possible at the same standards of
workmanship and quality as it employs for its own stores while attempting to
minimize disruption and cost, all as if The Limited were the owner of, and
responsible for, Store No. 2. The Company shall be responsible for all such
construction costs up to $998,000, and The Limited shall be responsible
for any such costs in excess of   50   such budgeted costs. It is
understood that any such costs for which the Company is responsible that are
capitalized on the Closing Statement of Net Tangible Assets shall reduce the
Company\'s obligations to make payments after the Closing pursuant to this
Section 7.18 on a dollar-for-dollar basis. It is understood and agreed that
the agreements set forth in this Section 7.18 are agreements between Parent
and The Limited only and should be considered agreements independent of, and
not as modifying or increasing in any respect any obligation of any
Person under, the lease of the Store No. 2 building.   ARTICLE 8  TAX
MATTERS   Section 8.01. Tax Representations. (a) The Limited and Seller
represent and warrant to Parent and Buyer as of the date hereof that, except
as set forth in the Balance Sheet (including the notes thereto) or in Section
8.01 of the Disclosure Schedule, (1) all Tax returns, statements, reports and
forms (collectively, "Returns") that are material and have been or are
required to be filed with any Taxing Authority by, or with respect to, the
Company or any Subsidiary (including Returns of any Limited Tax Group of
which the Company or any Subsidiary is a member (a "Target Group")) on or
before the Closing Date (taking into account any duly obtained extensions)
have been, or will be, timely filed, (2) the Company and the Subsidiaries
(or, in the case of a Return of a Target Group, each member of such group)
have timely paid in all material respects all Taxes shown as due and payable
on the Returns that have been filed, or on subsequent assessments and no
other material Taxes are payable by the Target Group with respect to items or
periods covered by such Returns (whether or not shown or reportable on such
Returns), (3) the Returns that have been filed are true, correct and complete
in all material respects, (4) there are no current extensions of time within
which to file any material Returns required to be filed by or on behalf of
members of any Target Group, (5) there are no Liens with respect to Taxes
existing, threatened or pending on any of the assets of the Company or any
Subsidiary, except Permitted Liens and Exceptions and (6) there is no action,
suit, proceeding, investigation, audit or claim now proposed or pending
against or with respect to the Company or any Subsidiary in respect of any
Tax. The Limited and Seller further represent that neither the Company nor
any Subsidiary is a party to any agreement, contract, arrangement or
plan that has resulted, or could result separately or in the aggregate, in
the payment of any "excess parachute payments" within the meaning of Section
280G of the Code or any similar provision of applicable foreign, state or
local law.   (b) As of February 3, 2001, no member of any Target Group has
participated in an international boycott as defined in Code Section 999. None
of the assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are "tax-exempt use
property" within the meaning of Section 168(h) of the Code, and neither
the   51   Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has benefited from the
issuance of bonds, the interest of which is tax-exempt pursuant to Section
103(a) of the Code. Except as otherwise set forth in Section 8.01 of the
Disclosure Schedule, the books and records of the Company and the
Subsidiaries are sufficient to prove the correctness in all material respects
of all Returns for open tax years.   (c) The Limited represents that it has
filed a consolidated federal income tax return with the Company and the
Subsidiaries for the taxable year immediately preceding the current taxable
year (provided, however, that the Company and LBH, Inc. both were formed
after the close of the taxable year immediately preceding the current taxable
year, and thus were not included in The Limited\'s consolidated federal
income tax return for such year, but will be included (for the period ending
on the Closing Date) in The Limited\'s consolidated federal income tax return
for the current taxable year) and that The Limited is eligible to make an
election under Section 338(h)(10) of the Code (and any comparable election
under state, local or foreign tax law) with respect to the Company.   (d)
Except as set forth on Section 8.01 of the Disclosure Schedule, there are no
outstanding rulings of, or requests for rulings with, any Tax
Authority addressed to the Company that are, or if issued would be, binding
on the Company.   Section 8.02. Tax Covenants. (a) Parent and The Limited
agree to make a timely, effective and irrevocable election under Section
338(h)(10) of the Code and under any comparable statutes in any other
jurisdiction with respect to the Company and each of its Subsidiaries (the
"Section 338(h)(10) Election"), and to file such election in accordance with
applicable regulations. The Section 338(h)(10) Election shall properly
reflect the Price Allocation (as hereinafter defined). Within 90 days after
the Closing Date, Parent shall deliver to The Limited a statement (the
"Allocation Statement") allocating the ADSP (as such term is defined in
Treasury Regulations Section 1.338-4) of the assets of the Company and its
Subsidiaries in accordance with the Treasury regulations promulgated under
Section 338(h)(10). If within 30 days after receipt of the Allocation
Statement The Limited notifies Parent in writing that in The Limited\'s
judgment, the allocation of one or more items reflected in the Allocation
Statement is not a reasonable allocation, Parent and The Limited will use
their reasonable best efforts to resolve such dispute. If Parent and
The Limited fail to resolve such dispute within 30 days, then: (1) Parent and
The Limited within 5 days after such 30-day period expires shall select a
nationally recognized accounting firm which is reasonably acceptable to
Parent and The Limited and which has no material relationship with Parent or
The Limited (the "Accounting Referee"); (2) the Accounting Referee shall
determine whether the allocation was reasonable and, if not reasonable, shall
appropriately revise the Allocation Statement; and (3) the costs, fees and
expenses of the Accounting Referee shall be borne equally by Parent and The
Limited. If The Limited does not respond within   52   30 days, or upon
resolution of the disputed items, the allocation reflected on the Allocation
Statement (as such may have been adjusted) shall be the "Price Allocation"
and shall be binding on the parties hereto. The Limited and Parent agree to
act, and cause their Affiliates to act, in accordance with the
Price Allocation in the preparation, filing and audit of any Return.   (b)
Parent and Buyer covenant that they will not and will not cause or permit the
Company, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of Buyer to (1) take any action on
the Closing Date other than in the ordinary course of business, including but
not limited to the distribution of any dividend or the effectuation of any
redemption, that could give rise to any Tax liability or reduce any Tax Asset
of The Limited, Seller or any Limited Tax Group or give rise to any loss of
The Limited, Seller or any Limited Tax Group, or (2) make any election or
deemed election under Section 338 of the Code other than the Section
338(h)(10) Election, or (3) make (other than the Section 338(h)(10) Election)
or change any Tax election, amend any Return or take any Tax position on any
Return, take any action, omit to take any action or enter into
any transaction, merger or restructuring that ipso facto results in any
increase in any Tax liability or any reduction of any Tax Asset of The
Limited, Seller or any Limited Tax Group. Notwithstanding Section 8.04(a),
Buyer and Parent agree that The Limited and its Affiliates are to have no
liability for any Tax resulting from any action referred to in the preceding
sentence of the Company, any Subsidiary, Buyer, Parent or any Affiliate of
Parent, and agree to indemnify and hold harmless The Limited and its
Affiliates against any such Tax and any liabilities, costs, expenses
(including, without limitation, reasonable expenses of investigation and
attorney\'s fees and expenses), losses, damages assessments, settlements or
judgments arising out of or incident to the imposition, assessment or
assertion of any such Tax. The Limited agrees to give prompt notice to Buyer
of the assertion of any claim, or the commencement of any action or
proceeding, in respect of which indemnity may be sought under this
Section 8.02(b).   (c) The Limited shall prepare (in a manner that complies
with its obligations under Section 8.02(a)) and timely file (1) all Returns
of any Target Group and (2) all separate Returns required to be filed by the
Company or any Subsidiary for Pre-Closing Tax Periods (other than Pre-Closing
Tax Periods described in clause (2) of the definition of such term). To the
extent such an election is available under applicable law, The Limited may,
at its option, elect to allocate items of the Company and the Subsidiaries in
accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-76(b)(2)(ii) or
1.1502-76(b)(2)(iii) (or any corresponding provision of state, local or
foreign law relating to a Combined Tax of a Limited Tax Group) for purposes
of filing a Limited Tax Group\'s Return, and if The Limited so elects, then
The Limited shall allocate the items of the Company and the Subsidiaries in
accordance with the applicable election. Parent shall, and shall cause its
Affiliates, the Company and the Subsidiaries to (1) cooperate in the making
of, and take all steps necessary to assure the effectiveness of, any election
described in the preceding sentence (it being understood that  
53   Parent will cause the Company, each Subsidiary and the parent of
the consolidated group (if any) of which the Company and the Subsidiaries
are members following the Closing to sign the statement described in
Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502- 76(b)(2)(ii)(D) and any similar statement
required under state, local or foreign law), (2) provide any information and
records reasonably requested by The Limited for purposes of preparing the
Returns of The Limited Tax Group in accordance with any such election and (3)
file the Returns of Parent, Parent\'s Affiliates, the Company and the
Subsidiaries in accordance with any allocation of items made by The Limited
in connection with any such election.   (d) The Limited shall (1) prepare
(in a manner that complies with its obligations under Section 8.02(a)) and
timely file all Returns with respect to Indemnified Taxes required to be
filed by the Company or any Subsidiary for Straddle Periods, (2) prepare such
Returns in a manner consistent with past practice and without a change of any
election or any accounting method, and (3) submit to Parent such Returns
(together with any accompanying schedules, statements and, to the extent
requested by Parent, supporting documentation) at least 30 days prior to the
due date for such Return (except with respect to Returns relating to
estimated Tax payments, which shall be provided to Parent at least 7 days
prior to the due date for such Return). Parent shall (1) provide The Limited
such information as The Limited may reasonably require in the preparation of
such Returns, (2) pay to The Limited the portion of the Taxes due with
respect to such Returns which is not payable by The Limited pursuant
to Section 8.04, at least 3 days prior to the due date of the payment
relating to such Return and (3) cause the appropriate person or persons to
execute such Returns.   (e) Parent shall (1) prepare (in a manner that
complies with its obligations under Section 8.02(a)) and timely file all
separate Returns required to be filed by the Company or any Subsidiary for
Straddle Periods (other than Returns with respect to Indemnified Taxes
covered by Section 8.02(d)), (2) prepare such Returns in a manner consistent
with past practice and without a change of any election or any accounting
method, (3) submit to The Limited such Returns (together with any
accompanying schedules, statements and, to the extent requested by The
Limited, supporting documentation) at least 30 days prior to the due date for
such Return and (4) prior to filing, make any changes to the Returns
requested by The Limited within 15 days following delivery of such Returns to
The Limited if Parent consents to such changes (such consent not to be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed).   (f) Parent shall promptly
pay or cause to be paid to The Limited all refunds of Indemnified Taxes and
interest thereon received by Buyer, Parent, any Affiliate of Parent, the
Company, or any Subsidiary from a Taxing Authority that are attributable to
Indemnified Taxes paid by The Limited, Seller, the Company or any Subsidiary
(or any predecessor or Affiliate of The Limited) with respect to any Pre-
Closing Tax Period. If, in lieu of receiving a refund for Indemnified  
54   Taxes with respect to a Pre-Closing Tax Period, Parent (i) is required
by a Taxing Authority to reduce a Tax liability or increase a Tax Asset,
Parent shall pay or cause to be paid to The Limited the amount of such
reduction or increase, provided that such reduction or increase shall be
calculated on the same basis as Tax benefits related to Tax Allowances
pursuant to Section 8.04(e) and, in the event of a dispute between Parent and
The Limited regarding the calculation of the amount of such reduction or
increase, Parent and The Limited shall resolve such dispute by appointing an
Accounting Referee in accordance with the provisions of Section 8.04(e), and
(ii) elects to reduce a Tax liability or increase a Tax Asset, Parent shall
pay or cause to be paid to The Limited the amount of such reduction or
increase.   (g) All transfer, documentary, sales, use, stamp, registration
and other such Taxes and fees (including any penalties and interest) incurred
in connection with transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including any
real property transfer Tax and any similar Tax) (all such Taxes, excluding
Other Taxes (as defined below), "Transfer Taxes") shall be paid by the party
having liability therefor under applicable law (or, if both Parent or one of
its Affiliates, on one hand, and The Limited or one of its Affiliates, on the
other hand, have liability under applicable law, then 50% of such Tax shall
be paid by Parent and the remaining 50% shall be paid by The Limited), and
such party (or, in the case of Taxes paid by both Parent and The Limited,
both parties) will file all necessary Returns and other documentation with
respect to all such Taxes and fees, and, if required by applicable law, the
other party will, and will cause its Affiliates to, join in the execution of
any such Returns and other documentation; provided, that Parent, on one hand,
and The Limited, on the other hand, will each bear 50% of the economic burden
of any Transfer Tax and of the expenses of preparing and filing all necessary
Transfer Tax returns and other documentation, and The Limited and Parent
shall make all such payments to one another as are necessary to achieve such
allocation of such economic burden; and provided further, that a reasonable
period of time in advance of paying any Transfer Tax or filing any related
return or other documentation, the parties will consult with one another in
good faith in order to agree whether the payment of such Transfer Tax or
filing of such return or other documentation is required under applicable
law. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Parent and its
Affiliates shall be liable for and bear the entire economic burden of any
Taxes or other payments to be made to a governmental authority as a result of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement for the purpose of having the
Parent, any of its Affiliates, the Company or any Subsidiary qualify to do
business in a jurisdiction, be authorized to collect sales tax, receive
applicable vendors\' or other licenses, or receive other, similar
authorizations, licenses, qualifications or permissions ("Other Taxes"). The
provisions of this Section 8.02(g), and no other provision (including Section
8.04), will govern the allocation between the parties of the economic burden
of Transfer Taxes and Other Taxes.   55    Section 8.03. Tax Sharing. Any
and all existing Tax sharing, Tax indemnity, Tax allocation agreements or
arrangements between the Company or any Subsidiary and any member of any
Limited Tax Group shall be terminated as of the Closing Date. After such date
neither the Company, any Subsidiary, The Limited nor any Affiliate of The
Limited shall have any further rights or liabilities thereunder. This
Agreement shall be the sole Tax sharing agreement relating to the Company or
any Subsidiary for all Pre-Closing Tax Periods and Straddle Periods.  
Section 8.04. Indemnification by The Limited. (a) The Limited
hereby indemnifies Parent and Buyer against and agrees to hold them harmless
on an after-Tax basis as provided in Section 8.04(e) from any (1) Indemnified
Tax of the Company or any Subsidiary or any Target Group relating to a Pre-
Closing Tax Period, (2) any Indemnified Tax (other than Transfer Taxes and
Other Taxes, which are governed by Section 8.02(g)) resulting from the
Section 338(h)(10) Election including any state, local or foreign Indemnified
Tax attributable to an election under the state, local, or foreign law
similar to the election available under Section 338(h)(10) (including, for
avoidance of doubt, (i) any Federal Tax or Combined Tax for which the Company
or any Subsidiary has liability under Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 or
a corresponding provision of state, local or foreign law, which Indemnified
Tax results from the Section 338(h)(10) Election and (ii) any liability for
an Indemnified Tax which results from the Section 338(h)(10) Election, to
extent such Election is made under a state, local or foreign law) and (3)
liabilities, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable
expenses of investigation and attorneys\' fees and expenses) arising out of
or incident to the imposition, assessment or assertion of any Indemnified Tax
described in (1) or (2), including those liabilities, costs and expenses
incurred in the contest in good faith in appropriate proceedings relating to
the imposition, assessment or assertion of any such Indemnified Tax, in each
case incurred or suffered by Buyer, Parent any of their Affiliates or,
effective upon the Closing, the Company or any Subsidiary (the sum of (1),
(2) and (3) being referred to as a "Tax Loss"). Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement, this Section 8.04 provides the exclusive remedy
for Parent\'s, Buyer\'s and their Affiliates\' (and, after the Closing, the
Company\'s and its Subsidiaries\') recovery of any Tax Loss from The Limited
and its Affiliates.   (b) For purposes of this Section 8.04, in the case of
any Indemnified Tax, that is payable for a Straddle Period, the portion of
such Indemnified Tax related to the portion of such Straddle Period ending on
the Closing Date shall (x) in the case of any Indemnified Tax that is based
on or related to income, be deemed equal to the amount which would be payable
if the relevant period ended on the Closing Date, (y) in the case of any
Indemnified Tax that is a sales or use tax, be determined based on a closing
of the books, and (z) in the case of any Indemnified Tax that is a personal
property tax, be determined using a pro rata method based on the number of
days in each portion of the Straddle Period. All determinations necessary to
give effect to the foregoing allocations shall be made   56   in a
manner that is consistent with any election described in the second sentence
of Section 8.02(c) and with the prior practice of the Company and
the Subsidiaries.   (c) Any payment by The Limited pursuant to this Section
8.04 shall be made not later than 30 days after receipt by The Limited of
written notice from Buyer stating that any Tax Loss has been paid by Buyer,
any of its Affiliates or former Affiliates or, effective upon the Closing,
the Company or any Subsidiary and the amount thereof and of the indemnity
payment requested.   (d) If any claim or demand for Indemnified Taxes in
respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Section 8.04 is
asserted against Parent, Buyer, any of their Affiliates or, effective upon
the Closing, the Company or any Subsidiary, Buyer shall notify The Limited of
such claim or demand within 10 days of receipt thereof, or such earlier time
that would allow The Limited to timely respond to such claim or demand, and
shall give The Limited such information with respect thereto as The Limited
may reasonably request. The Limited may discharge, at any time, its
indemnification obligation under this Section 8.04 by paying to Parent the
amount of the applicable Tax Loss, calculated on the date of such payment.
The Limited shall assume and control, and Parent and Buyer shall take all
steps reasonably requested by The Limited in order to fully effectuate The
Limited\'s assumption and control of, the conduct of any contest or
proceeding (including, without limitation, a Tax audit) relating to Federal
Taxes, Combined Taxes or any other Taxes for which indemnification may be
sought from The Limited under this Section 8.04. Parent shall have the right,
but not the duty, to participate in such contest or proceeding at its own
expense. The Limited shall not be liable under this Section 8.04 for any
amount arising out of a contest or proceeding of which The Limited was not
notified as required under this Section 8.04(d) to the extent that the
failure to so notify The Limited materially prejudiced The Limited.   (e) If
The Limited\'s indemnification obligations under this Section 8.04 or Section
11.02 arise in respect of an adjustment that makes allowable to Parent,
Buyer, any of their Affiliates or, effective upon the Closing, the Company or
any Subsidiary any deduction, amortization, exclusion from income or other
allowance (a "Tax Allowance") that would not, but for such adjustment,
be allowable, (x) the party or parties entitled to the Tax Allowance shall
claim such Tax Allowance to the maximum extent possible and (y) Parent shall
pay to The Limited the Tax benefit received by the party or parties entitled
to the Tax Allowance from the use of such Tax Allowance, net of all Tax costs
resulting from the payment of the indemnification obligations. The net Tax
benefit received from the use of the portion of a Tax Allowance that is used
in the taxable year in which the related indemnification payment is made, or
in an earlier taxable year, shall be considered equal to the excess of (i)
the amount of Taxes that would have been payable (or of the Tax refund that
would have been receivable) by the party or parties entitled to the Tax
Allowance, in the absence of such Tax   57   Allowance and any Tax
increase or other Tax adjustment that arises as a result of The Limited\'s
indemnification obligation, the payment thereof or the events creating such
obligation, for such taxable year over (ii) the amount of Taxes actually
payable (or of the Tax refund actually receivable) by, or taken into account
in determining any adjustment arising on audit of, the party or
parties entitled to the Tax Allowance for such taxable year. The net Tax
benefit received shall take into account, among other things, a reasonable
assumption regarding the risk of disallowance of a Tax Allowance on audit and
with respect to the use of the portion of a Tax Allowance that is not used
either in the taxable year in which the related indemnification payment is
made or, in an earlier taxable year, such amount shall be determined by (i)
multiplying such portion of the Tax Allowance by the highest corporate Tax
rate applicable to the party or parties entitled to the Tax Allowance in the
absence of such Tax Allowance or, in the case of a credit 100%, (ii) using a
discount rate equal to the mid-term applicable federal rate in effect at that
time, (iii) using reasonable assumptions regarding the taxable year or years
in which the party or parties entitled to the Tax Allowance will utilize such
portion of the Tax Allowance and (iv) taking into account on a basis
consistent with clauses (i) through (iii) of this sentence any Tax increase
or other Tax adjustments that arise as a result of The Limited\'s
indemnification obligation, the payment thereof or the events creating such
obligation. In the event that The Limited and Parent are unable to agree on
the amount of any Tax benefit attributable to any Tax Allowance, The Limited
and Parent shall engage an Accounting Referee to determine the amount of the
Tax benefit. The Accounting Referee (x) shall be chosen within 10 days of the
date on which the need to choose it arises and (y) shall determine the amount
of the Tax benefit within 30 days of having the item referred to it. The
decision of the Accounting Referee shall be final and binding upon The
Limited and Parent. Parent shall pay the amount of the Tax benefit so
determined by the Accounting Referee to The Limited within 15 days of the
date on which the Accounting Referee has made its determination. The
costs, fees and expenses of the Accounting Referee shall be borne equally by
The Limited and Parent.   ARTICLE 9  EMPLOYEE BENEFITS   Section 9.01.
Employee Benefits. (a) The following terms, as used herein, having the
following meanings:   "Benefit Arrangement" means each material employment,
severance, continuation pay, termination pay, layoff, or other similar
written contract, arrangement or policy and each written plan or arrangement
providing for health, medical, life or other welfare benefit insurance
coverage (including any insured, self-insured or other arrangements),
workers\' compensation, disability benefits, supplemental unemployment
benefits, holiday, dependent care assistance,   58   education or
vacation benefits, retirement benefits or deferred compensation, profit-
sharing, bonuses, stock options, stock purchase, stock appreciation or other
forms of incentive compensation or post-retirement insurance, compensation or
benefits which (1) is not an Employee Plan, (2) is or has been entered
into, maintained, administered or contributed to, as the case may be, by The
Limited, any of its Affiliates, the Company or any Subsidiary and (3) covers
any Company Employee.   "Company Employee" means each individual who is a
current or former employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries but
shall not include any individual who, on the Closing Date, is employed, or
performing services, at the Distribution Center (as such term is defined in
the Services Agreement).   "Employee Plan" means each material "employee
benefit plan," as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA, which (1) is
subject to any provision of ERISA, (2) is or has been entered into,
maintained, administered or contributed to, as the case may be, by The
Limited, any of its Affiliates or the Company or any Subsidiary and (3)
covers any Company Employee.   "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.   "ERISA Affiliate" of any entity means any other entity which,
together with such entity, would be treated as a single employer under
Section 414 of the Code.   "Vested Options" means those Company Employee
Options that, immediately prior to the Closing Date, are exercisable by the
holder thereof.   (b) Each of the following terms is defined in the Section
set forth opposite such term:   Term Section  Accelerated Options 9.07 
Buyer\'s Welfare Benefit Plans 9.03  Company Employee Options 9.07  Covered
Employee 9.03  Defined Benefit Plan 9.02  HIPAA 9.02  Multiemployer Plan
9.02  Savings and Retirement Plan 9.04  SRDCP 9.05  Successor Plan 9.04  
Section 9.02. ERISA Representations. The Limited and Seller represent
and warrant to Parent and Buyer that:   59    (a) Section 9.02(a) of the
Disclosure Schedule sets forth each Employee Plan. With respect to each such
Employee Plan, The Limited has furnished or made available to Buyer and/or
Parent a true and complete copy of the plan document and any associated trust
agreement, the most current summary plan description (and any summary of
material modifications thereto), the most recently filed Form 5500 (and any
schedules attached thereto), and the most recent Internal Revenue Service
determination letter, as applicable, of each such Plan. Each Employee Plan
has been maintained in compliance with its terms and with the requirements
prescribed by any and all applicable statutes, orders, rules and regulations,
including but not limited to ERISA and the Code.   (b) Section 9.02(b) of
the Disclosure Schedule sets forth each Benefit Arrangement. The Limited has
furnished or made available to Buyer and/or Parent true and complete copies
of each such Benefit Arrangement and the most current summary (if any)
distributed to Company Employees of each such Benefit Arrangement. Each
Benefit Arrangement has been maintained in compliance with its terms and with
the requirements prescribed by any and all applicable Laws.   (c) The
Internal Revenue Service has issued a favorable determination letter with
respect to each Employee Plan that is intended to qualify under Section
401(a) of the Code, and no event has occurred before or after the date of
such letter that would disqualify such Employee Plan.   (d) The Limited, the
Company and/or the Subsidiaries have each made full payment of all amounts
each is required, under applicable Law or the terms of each Employee Plan and
Benefit Arrangement, to have contributed thereto before the Closing Date
(including any employee salary reduction contributions described in Section
125 or Section 401(k) of the Code) for all periods through and including the
close of the last plan year ending prior to the Closing Date, or proper
accruals for such contributions have been made and are reflected on the
Company\'s Balance Sheet and books and records. The Limited, the
Company and/or the Subsidiaries will pay such contributions to the Employee
Plans and the Benefit Arrangements in respect of benefits payable, or
otherwise made available, to the Company Employees for the period beginning
immediately after the close of such last plan year and ending on the Closing
Date, or, if any such contributions will not be due prior to the Closing
Date, adequate provision for reserves therefor shall be made on the Closing
Statement of Net Tangible Assets.   (e) Neither The Limited, the Company nor
any Subsidiary has within the past six years made any contributions (or has
been obligated to make any contributions) to a "Multiemployer Plan," as
defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA or to a "Defined Benefit Plan," as defined
in Section 3(35) of ERISA. Neither The Limited, the Company nor any
Subsidiary has any outstanding liability with respect to a Multiemployer Plan
or a Defined Benefit Plan.   60    (f) There are no plans that provide
(or will provide) medical, life insurance or death benefits with respect to
former employees (including retirees) of the Company, other than benefits
that are required to be provided pursuant to Section 4980B of the Code or
state Law continuation coverage rights.   (g) There are no inquiries,
proceedings, claims, or lawsuits which have been asserted, instituted, or
threatened by the Internal Revenue Service, the Department of Labor, the
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, or any participant, beneficiary, or
any other person or entity involving any aspect of any Employee Plan or
Benefit Arrangement (other than routine benefit claims).   (h) There is not
now, and has never been, any material violation of the Code or ERISA with
respect to the filing of applicable reports, documents, and notices with the
Department of Labor and the Internal Revenue Service regarding any Employee
Plan, or the furnishing of such documents to the participants
or beneficiaries of the Employee Plans.   (i) Any bonding required with
respect to the Employee Plans in accordance with the applicable provisions of
ERISA has been obtained and is in full force and effect.   (j) Neither The
Limited, the Company, any Subsidiary nor any "party in interest" (as defined
in Section 3(14) of ERISA) or "disqualified person" (as defined in Section
4975(e)(2) of the Code) with respect to any Employee Plan has engaged in a
"prohibited transaction" within the meaning of Part 4 of Subtitle B of Title
I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code for which a statutory, administrative,
or regulatory exemption is not available.   (k) There has been no material
violation of the "continuation coverage requirements" of "group health plans"
as set forth in Section 4980B of the Code and Part 6 of Subtitle B of Title I
of ERISA (sometimes referred to as "COBRA") with respect to any Employee Plan
to which such continuation coverage requirements apply. There has been no
material violation of the health insurance obligations imposed by Section
9801 of the Code and Part 7 of Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA (sometimes
referred to as "HIPAA") with respect to any Employee Plan which is a "group
health plan" (as defined in Section 5000(b)(1) of the Code and Section 706 of
ERISA) to which such insurance obligations apply (including the requirement
that certificates of creditable coverage be provided to certain employees and
their dependents).   (l) The consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement will not, separately or together, (1) except as set forth
on Section 9.02(l) of the Disclosure Schedule, entitle any Company Employee
to receive from the Company or any Subsidiary severance pay, unemployment
compensation, or any other payment, or (2) except as set forth in Section
9.07, accelerate the time of payment or vesting of, or increase the amount
of,   61   compensation due to any such Company Employee or director of
the Company or any Subsidiary.   Section 9.03. Welfare Plans Following the
Closing. (a) Effective January 1, 2002, or such earlier dates as may be
agreed upon by the parties to this Agreement, Parent and Buyer shall provide
the Covered Employees (as defined herein) with coverage under the applicable
employee welfare benefit plans (as defined in Section 3(l) of ERISA)
sponsored by Parent and/or Buyer (collectively called "Buyer\'s Welfare
Benefit Plans"). For purposes of this Agreement, a "Covered Employee" means
each individual who is employed by the Company or its Subsidiaries on the
Closing Date, including any such individual on approved leave of absence
(including maternity and paternity leave, vacation, sick leave, short-term
disability, long-term disability, military leave, jury duty, or death leave,
but shall not include individuals employed or performing services at
the Distribution Center, if any). Covered Employees shall be eligible to
participate in Buyer\'s Welfare Benefit Plans on such date(s) subject in each
case to Parent and/or Buyer\'s right to modify or eliminate any employee
benefit plan or program maintained by it at any time.   (b) Parent and
Buyer shall credit the Covered Employees for service with the Company and its
Subsidiaries prior to the Closing Date for purposes of eligibility to
participate in, and to receive benefits under, Buyer\'s Welfare Benefit
Plans; provided, however, that all Company Employees shall be employees at
will of the Company, and nothing contained in this Section 9.03 or
elsewhere in this Agreement shall be construed to prevent the termination of
employment of any Company Employee, any change in the compensation or
employee benefits available to any Company Employee, or the amendment or
termination of any particular employee benefit plan to the extent permitted
by its terms.   (c) Parent and Buyer covenant that Buyer\'s Welfare Benefit
Plans shall credit each Covered Employee for any coinsurance or deductibles
paid prior to the date the Covered Employee becomes a participant in Buyer\'s
Welfare Benefit Plans, if any, with respect to the calendar year in which
such participation commences. Such credit shall be given for the purpose of
satisfying any applicable coinsurance or deductible requirements under any of
Buyer\'s Welfare Benefit Plans in which the Covered Employee is eligible to
participate after the Closing Date.   (d) Parent and Buyer covenant that
Buyer\'s Welfare Benefit Plans shall not treat any transaction contemplated
hereby as an event which, in and of itself, would cause the Company Employees
to be subject to any preexisting condition limitation and shall otherwise
satisfy the requirements of Section 4980B(f) of the Code (solely with respect
to the Company Employees).   (e) Effective as of the Closing Date and except
as provided in Section 9.03(f) below, Parent and Buyer shall cause the
Company to assume all   62   obligations and liabilities of The Limited
and its ERISA Affiliates with respect to the following welfare benefit plans
or programs maintained by The Limited and its ERISA Affiliates, but only to
the extent such liabilities and obligations relate to benefits for Covered
Employees: (1) life insurance benefits; (2) short- and long-term disability
benefits, including disability benefits payable after the Closing Date with
respect to disabilities incurred on or prior to the Closing Date; (3) medical
benefits; (4) dental benefits; (5) COBRA health care continuation coverage
benefits; and (6) any health insurance obligation imposed by HIPAA and/or
applicable state Law (other than benefit claims incurred prior to the Closing
Date with respect to the benefits listed in (3) and (4)). A medical or dental
claim shall be "incurred" when the relevant service is provided or item is
purchased. All life insurance and long-term disability benefits are fully
insured and all premiums due and payable therefore have been paid by The
Limited and/or its ERISA Affiliates, or will have been paid by The Limited
and/or its ERISA Affiliates in the ordinary course, prior to the
Closing Date. Accruals for long-term disability benefits in respect of
Company Employees are reflected on the books and records of the Company.  
(f) The Limited and its ERISA Affiliates shall be responsible for
all obligations and liabilities created or owing as a consequence of the
employment of any Covered Employee by The Limited and its ERISA Affiliates
prior to the Closing Date with respect to, but only with respect to, the
following: (1) all liabilities, costs, claims and other obligations under any
Employee Plan or Benefit Arrangement resulting from any deficiency in the
administration or funding of any such Employee Plan or Benefit Arrangement;
(2) all medical and dental benefit claims; (3) any workers\' compensation
claims; (4) any severance pay benefits arising out of employment terminations
prior to the Closing Date; (5) COBRA health care continuation coverage with
respect to qualifying events occurring on or prior to the Closing Date,
including COBRA continuation coverage for any "MandA; qualified beneficiary" as
defined in Treas. Reg. (S) 54.4980B-9, A-4(b); and (6) any health insurance
obligation imposed by HIPAA (including the requirement that certificates of
creditable coverage be provided to certain employees and their dependents)
and/or applicable state law. A workers compensation claim shall be deemed to
relate to the period prior to the Closing Date if the event giving rise to
the claim occurs prior to the Closing Date.   (g) The Company\'s obligations
under this Section 9.03 are in addition to the Company\'s obligations under
Section 9.04 and Section 9.05.   Section 9.04. Savings and Retirement Plan.
(a) On or prior to the Closing Date or as soon as practicable thereafter, The
Limited shall cause the trustee of The Limited Savings and Retirement Plan
(the "Savings and Retirement Plan") to segregate the assets of such Savings
and Retirement Plan representing the full account balances of the Company
Employees as of the Closing Date, make any and all filings and submissions to
the appropriate governmental agencies arising in connection with such
segregation of assets and make all necessary amendments   63   to such
Savings and Retirement Plan and related trust agreement to provide for such
segregation of assets and the transfer of assets as described below.
The manner in which the account balances of the Company Employees under the
Savings and Retirement Plan are transferred shall not be affected by such
segregation of assets. The Limited shall cause each Company Employee who is a
participant in the Savings and Retirement Plan to be 100% vested in his or
her account balances thereunder effective as of the Closing Date.   (b)
Parent and Buyer hereby designate the Charming Shoppes, Inc. Employees\'
Retirement and Savings Plan (the "Successor Plan") to accept the transfer of
assets as described herein and agree to take all necessary action, if any, to
qualify such plan under the applicable provisions of the Code and shall make
any and all filings and submissions to the appropriate governmental agencies
required to be made by it in connection with the transfer of assets described
below. The transfer shall not occur until (1) Buyer shall have provided The
Limited with a certification from Buyer, with appropriate indemnities, as to
such qualified status satisfactory to The Limited and (2) The Limited shall
have issued comparable indemnities as to the qualified status of the Savings
and Retirement Plan satisfactory to Buyer. The Limited and Buyer shall act
expeditiously and in good faith in satisfying, and shall satisfy, the above
conditions prior to January 1, 2002. As soon as practicable following
the satisfaction of the conditions set forth above and in any event prior to
January 1, 2002, The Limited shall cause the trustee of the Savings and
Retirement Plan to transfer (in the form of cash, marketable securities,
including shares of The Limited and Intimate Brands, Inc., and, to the extent
practicable, in the same relative proportions as the account balances of the
Company Employees are invested as of the date of the special valuation
conducted in connection with such transfer) the full account balances of
Company Employees under the Savings and Retirement Plan, as well as actual
earnings (including, but not limited to, any losses or expenses related
thereto) attributable to the period from the Closing Date to the date of
transfer described herein, reduced by any necessary benefit or withdrawal
payments to or in respect of the Company Employees occurring during the
period from the Closing Date to the date of transfer described herein, to the
appropriate trustee as designated by Buyer under the trust agreement forming
a part of the Successor Plan.   (c) In consideration for the transfer of
assets described herein, Buyer shall, and shall cause the Company to,
effective as of the date of transfer described herein, assume all of the
obligations of The Limited and its ERISA Affiliates in respect of the account
balances accumulated by the Company Employees under the Savings and
Retirement Plan (exclusive of any portion of such account balances which are
paid or otherwise withdrawn prior to the date of transfer described herein)
on or prior to the Closing Date. Buyer shall not assume any other obligations
or liabilities arising under or attributable to the Savings and Retirement
Plan.   64    Section 9.05. Other Employee Plans And Benefit
Arrangements. (a) On or prior to the Closing Date, Parent shall, or shall
cause the Company to, establish a nonqualified deferred compensation plan
that mirrors The Limited Supplemental Retirement and Deferred Compensation
Plan (the "SRDCP"). Effective as of the Closing Date, and except as provided
in Section 9.05(b) below, Parent shall cause the Company to (1) accept the
transfer of participant account balances from the SRDCP to the mirror plan
with respect to benefits payable to Covered Employees who are participants in
the SRDCP as of the Closing Date, and (2) assume all obligations and
liabilities attributable to the period prior to the Closing date in respect
of the Covered Employees who were participants in the SRDCP as of the Closing
Date. The account of each Covered Employee under the mirror plan shall be
100% vested and shall be paid to him/her by the Company and/or its
Subsidiaries following the Covered Employee\'s termination of employment with
the Company and its Subsidiaries pursuant to the terms of the mirror plan. On
the Closing Date, The Limited shall provide Parent with a true and correct
schedule setting forth the following information regarding each Covered
Employee who is a participant in the SRDCP on the Closing Date: the name of
the Covered Employee, his/her job title, and the total amount credited
to his/her SRDCP account as of the Closing Date.   (b) Effective as of the
Closing Date, The Limited shall assume and retain all obligations and
liabilities under the SRDCP including, without limitation, all obligations
and liabilities attributable to the period prior to the Closing Date, with
respect to benefits payable to (1) Kenneth B. Gilman and (2) all Company
Employees who are not offered post-Closing employment by Parent, the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries on or prior to the Closing Date. The SRDCP account
maintained on behalf of Mr. Gilman and such Company Employees shall be paid
to them by The Limited, pursuant to the terms of the SRDCP. The Limited shall
take any action that may be necessary and/or desirable in its sole discretion
to reflect that no Termination of Employment (as defined in the SRDCP) will
occur with respect to any Covered Employee as a result of consummating the
transaction contemplated by this Agreement.   (c) Prior to the Closing Date,
neither The Limited, the Company nor any Subsidiary will establish any new
employee benefit plan for the Company Employees, except with the written
consent of Buyer (which consent may be withheld in Buyer\'s sole discretion),
nor will The Limited, the Company or any Subsidiary amend or modify in any
material way any existing Employee Plan or Benefit Arrangement with respect
to the Company, any Subsidiary or any Company Employee as to any benefit or
in any other material way, except with the written consent of Buyer (which
consent may be withheld in Buyer\'s sole discretion).   Section 9.06.
Necessary Action. The Limited, Seller, Parent and Buyer agree to take all
action, or cause such action to be taken, which may be necessary in order to
effectuate the transactions contemplated by this Article, including,  
65   without limitation, adopting any necessary amendments to the Employee
Plans and Benefit Arrangements and making all filings and submissions to the
appropriate governmental agencies required to be made in connection with the
events contemplated by Section 9.04.   Section 9.07. Stock Options. Except
as set forth on Section 9.07 to the Disclosure Schedule:   (a) The Limited
shall make an offer to the Company Employees such that options held by the
Company Employees ("Company Employee Options") to purchase shares of The
Limited\'s common stock under any of The Limited\'s Benefit Arrangements
that, immediately prior to the Closing Date are not exercisable and that
would, in the ordinary course and but for the consummation of
the transactions contemplated under this Agreement, become exercisable on or
prior to December 31, 2002, shall become exercisable on the Closing Date
("Accelerated Options"). The expiration of each Accelerated Option and Vested
Option shall be determined in accordance with the terms thereof and the
Benefit Arrangement pursuant to which such option was granted.   (b) The
foregoing obligation is subject to approval of the Compensation Committee of
The Limited\'s Board of Directors. The Chief Operating Officer of The Limited
will recommend that such Compensation Committee approve the foregoing.  
(c) For the avoidance of doubt, the parties agree that The Limited will be
entitled to any tax deductions resulting from the exercise of the
Vested Options or Accelerated Options.   Section 9.08. Indemnification.
Parent hereby indemnifies, and shall cause the Company after the Closing to
indemnify, The Limited and each of its ERISA Affiliates against and agrees,
and shall cause the Company to agree after the Closing, to hold The Limited
and each of its ERISA Affiliates harmless from any and all Damages that The
Limited and each of its ERISA Affiliates may incur or suffer as a result of
any failure by Parent and the Company to satisfy and discharge their
obligations under this Article. The Limited and each of its ERISA Affiliates
hereby indemnifies the Company against and agrees to hold the Company
harmless from any and all Damages that the Company may incur as a result of
any failure by The Limited to satisfy and discharge its obligations
under this Article.   Section 9.09. Third Party Beneficiaries. No provision
of this Article shall create any third party beneficiary rights in any
Company Employee (including any beneficiary or dependent thereof).  
66    ARTICLE 10  CONDITIONS TO CLOSING   Section 10.01. Conditions to
Obligations of Parent, Buyer, The Limited and Seller. The obligations of
Parent, Buyer, The Limited and Seller to consummate the Closing are subject
to the satisfaction (or, to the extent permitted by Law, waiver by the
relevant party) of the following conditions:   (a) Any applicable waiting
period under the HSR Act relating to the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents shall have expired or been terminated.   (b) No
provision of any applicable Law and no judgment, injunction, order or decree
shall prohibit the consummation of the Closing.   (c) No suit, action,
proceeding or investigation shall have been brought or threatened by any
Person which is reasonably likely to result in (i) an injunction preventing
the consummation of the Closing or (ii) an order requiring that the Closing,
if consummated, be rescinded.   Section 10.02. Conditions to Obligation of
Parent and Buyer. The obligation of Parent and Buyer to consummate the
Closing is subject to the satisfaction (or, to the extent permitted by Law,
waiver by Buyer) of the following further conditions:   (a) (1) The Limited
and Seller shall have performed or complied in all material respects with all
of the agreements and covenants required by the Transaction Documents to be
performed or complied with by them at or prior to the Closing Date, (2) the
representations and warranties of The Limited and Seller contained in this
Agreement and in any certificate or other writing delivered by The Limited or
Seller pursuant hereto shall be accurate at and as of the Closing Date, as if
made at and as of such time, except for any inaccuracies which, individually
or in the aggregate, would not constitute or, would not reasonably be
expected to constitute, a Material Adverse Effect and (3) Buyer shall have
received a certificate signed by an executive officer of The Limited to the
foregoing effect.   (b) The Limited and Seller shall have caused the
following documents to be delivered to Parent and Buyer:   (i) an opinion
of Davis Polk and Wardwell, dated the Closing Date,  the form of which is
attached as Exhibit I;   (ii) letters of resignation from the directors of
the Company and  each Subsidiary;   67    (iii) such other documents
regarding the corporate organization,  existence, authorization and similar
matters relating to The Limited,  Seller, the Company or any Subsidiary as
Buyer may reasonably request;   (iv) the Services Agreement;   (v) the
Store Leases Agreement;   (vi) the HQ Lease;   (vii) the Registration
Agreement;   (viii) the Access and Waiver Agreement;   (ix) the Covenant
Agreement; and   (x) the Master Sublease.   (c) The conditions to the
Banks\' obligation to lend at least $285 million set forth in the Commitment
Letter shall have been satisfied or waived.   Section 10.03. Conditions to
Obligation of The Limited and Seller. The obligation of The Limited and
Seller to consummate the Closing is subject to the satisfaction (or, to the
extent permitted by Law, waiver by Seller) of the following further
conditions:   (a) (1) Parent and Buyer shall have performed or complied in
all material respects with all of the agreements, covenants and conditions
required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by them on or
prior to the Closing Date, (2) the representations and warranties of Parent
and Buyer contained in this Agreement and in any certificate or other writing
delivered by Parent or Buyer pursuant hereto shall be accurate at and as of
the Closing Date, as if made at and as of such time, except for any
inaccuracies which, individually or in the aggregate, would not have, or
would not reasonably be expected to have, a Parent Material Adverse Effect
and (3) The Limited shall have received a certificate signed by an executive
officer of Parent to the foregoing effect.   (b) Parent and Buyer shall have
caused the following documents to be delivered to The Limited and Seller:  
(i) an opinion of Drinker Biddle and Reath LLP, dated the Closing  Date, the
form of which is attached as Exhibit J;   (ii) such other documents
regarding the corporate organization,  existence, authorization and similar
matters relating to Parent or Buyer as  The Limited may reasonably
request;   68    (iii) the Services Agreement;   (iv) the Store Leases
Agreement;   (v) the HQ Lease;   (vi) the Registration Agreement;  
(vii) the Access and Waiver Agreement;   (viii) the Covenant Agreement;
and   (ix) the Master Sublease.   (c) the Stock Consideration shall have
been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Stock Market, subject to official
notice of issuance.    ARTICLE 11  SURVIVAL; INDEMNIFICATION   Section
11.01. Survival. All of the representations and warranties of The Limited,
Seller, Parent and Buyer contained in this Agreement shall survive
the Closing Date for a period of 12 months from the Closing Date, except that
the representations and warranties in Section 3.17 and Articles 8 (other
than representations and warranties with respect to Indemnified Taxes) and 9
shall survive until the expiration of the statute of limitations applicable
to the matters covered thereby (giving effect to any waiver, mitigation or
extension thereof) and the representations and warranties contained in
Sections 3.01 (as to corporate existence and power and authority), 3.02,
3.05, 3.06, 3.07, 3.13, 3.24 3.25, 4.01 (as to corporate existence and power
and authority), 4.02, 4.08, 4.09, 4.11 and 4.12 shall survive indefinitely.
The period of survival of the representations and warranties prescribed by
this Section 11.01 is referred to as the "Survival Period." The liabilities
of Parent, Buyer, The Limited and Seller under their respective
representations and warranties will expire as of the expiration of the
Survival Period; provided, however, that such expiration will not include,
extend or apply to any representation or warranty, the breach of which is the
subject of a written claim for indemnification made pursuant to the
provisions of this Article 11 prior to the expiration of the
applicable Survival Period for such representation or warranty. Except for
the covenants set forth in Section 5.01(a) and Section 6.01(a) (which will
survive for a period of 12 months from the Closing Date) and as otherwise
provided in this Agreement, the covenants and agreements of Parent, Buyer,
The Limited and Seller contained in this Agreement shall survive Closing and
shall continue in full force and effect indefinitely. The representations and
warranties contained in Article 8 related to Indemnified Taxes shall not
survive the Closing Date.   69    Section 11.02. Indemnification. (a) The
Limited hereby indemnifies Parent and its Affiliates against and agrees to
hold each of them harmless from any and all damage, loss, liability and
expense (including, without limitation, reasonable expenses of investigation
and reasonable attorneys\' fees and expenses in connection with any action,
suit or proceeding) ("Damages") incurred or suffered by Parent or any of its
Affiliates arising out of or related in any way to (1) any inaccuracy or
breach of any representation or warranty (each such inaccuracy and breach, a
"Warranty Breach") or breach of a covenant, in each case of The Limited or
Seller contained in this Agreement, (2) the litigation matters identified in
Appendix 11.02 (the "Retained Litigation"), (3) the Credit Card Litigation,
(4) any escheat liabilities or similar items under state unclaimed property
laws, in each case in respect of matters arising prior to the Closing
(including, without limitation, sales of gift certificates, issuances
of checks and other transactions occurring prior to Closing, regardless of
when the obligation to file an unclaimed property report arises) and (5) the
manner in which The Limited or any of its Affiliates prosecutes any Retained
Landlord Claim (for example, sanctions imposed as a result of inappropriate
litigation activities) (as opposed to the fact that the Retained Landlord
Claim was pursued); provided that with respect to indemnification by The
Limited and Seller for any Warranty Breaches pursuant to this Section
11.02(a), in the absence of fraud or a willful and knowing misrepresentation,
(1) The Limited and Seller shall not be liable unless the aggregate amount of
Damages with respect to all such Warranty Breaches exceeds $8,350,000 and
then only to the extent of such excess, (2) The Limited and Seller shall have
no liability for any individual claim for Damages that is less than $25,000
and (3) The Limited\'s and Seller\'s maximum liability shall not exceed
$135,000,000; provided, however, that such limitations in clauses (1), (2)
and (3) shall not be applicable to any Warranty Breach arising under Sections
3.01 (as to corporate existence and power and authority), 3.02, 3.05, 3.06,
3.07, 3.24 or 3.25.   (b) Parent hereby indemnifies The Limited and its
Affiliates against and agrees to hold each of them harmless from any and all
Damages incurred or suffered by The Limited or any of its Affiliates arising
out of or related in any way to (1) any Warranty Breach or breach of a
covenant, in each case of Parent or Buyer contained in this Agreement, (2) to
the extent contemplated by Section 6.05(b), any Financial Support
Arrangements in connection with the business liabilities, obligations or
operations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for which Parent or
Buyer has not been able to secure the unconditional release of The Limited
and its Affiliates from their obligations thereunder, and (3) except as
expressly provided herein, the assets, business or operations of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, whether before, at or after the Closing; provided
that with respect to indemnification by Parent and Buyer for any Warranty
Breaches pursuant to this Section 11.02(b), in the absence of fraud or a
willful and knowing misrepresentation, (1) Parent and Buyer shall not be
liable unless the aggregate amount of Damages with respect to all such
Warranty Breaches exceeds   70   $8,350,000 and then only to the extent
of such excess, (2) Parent and Buyer shall have no liability for any
individual claim for Damages that is less than $25,000 and (3) Parent\'s and
Buyer\'s maximum liability shall not exceed $135,000,000; provided, however,
that such limitations in clauses (1), (2) and (3) shall not be applicable to
any Warranty Breach arising under Sections 4.01 (as to corporate existence
and power and authority), 4.02, 4.06, 4.08, 4.11 or 4.12.   (c)
Notwithstanding any of the provisions of this Article 11, Section 8.04 shall
provide the exclusive remedy for Parent\'s and its Affiliates\' (and, after
the Closing, the Company\'s and its Subsidiaries\') recovery of any Tax
Loss from The Limited and its Affiliates, and the procedures set forth in
Section 8.04 shall govern any claim for indemnification under such
provision.   (d) It is understood and agreed that neither the $25,000 amount
nor the $8,350,000 amount referred to in this Article 11 shall influence or
affect, for any purpose under this Agreement, any determination as to whether
an occurrence, event or matter is "material," whether a "Material Adverse
Effect" has occurred or any similar matter.   Section 11.03. Procedures.
(a) The party seeking indemnification under Sections 9.08 or 11.02 (the
"Indemnified Party") agrees to give prompt notice to the party against whom
indemnity is sought (the "Indemnifying Party") of the assertion of any claim,
or the commencement of any suit, action or proceeding ("Claim") in respect of
which indemnity may be sought under such Section and will provide the
Indemnifying Party such information with respect thereto that the
Indemnifying Party may reasonably request. The failure to so notify
the Indemnifying Party shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its
obligations hereunder, except to the extent such failure shall have adversely
prejudiced the Indemnifying Party.   (b) The Indemnifying Party shall be
entitled to participate in the defense of any Claim asserted by any third
party ("Third Party Claim") and, subject to the limitations set forth in this
Section, shall be entitled to control the defense of such Third Party Claim
and appoint lead counsel for such defense, in each case at its expense;
provided that it has acknowledged responsibility for the defense of such
Claim; and provided further that The Limited shall control the defense of,
and appoint the lead counsel in connection with, the Retained Litigation.  
(c) If the Indemnifying Party shall assume the control of the defense of any
Third Party Claim in accordance with the provisions of this Section
11.03, (1) the Indemnifying Party shall obtain the prior written consent of
the Indemnified Party (which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned
or delayed) before entering into any settlement of such Third Party Claim and
(2) the Indemnified Party shall be entitled to participate in the defense of
such Third Party Claim and to employ separate counsel of its choice for such
purpose. The fees and expenses of such separate counsel shall be paid by the
Indemnified Party.   71    Section 11.04. Limitation on Damages. (a) The
amount of any Damages payable under Section 11.02 by the Indemnifying Party
shall be net of any amounts recovered by the Indemnified Party under
applicable insurance policies.   (b) The Indemnifying Party shall not be
liable under Section 11.02 for any (1) Damages relating to any matter to the
extent that (A) there is included in the Closing Statement of Net Tangible
Assets an identifiable liability or reserve (including liabilities or
reserves that are not individual line items, but are identifiable components
of a line item) specifically relating to such matter (it being understood
that the Indemnifying Party shall be liable for the excess of the Damages
over such identifiable liability or reserve) or (B) the Indemnified Party had
otherwise been compensated for such matter pursuant to the purchase price
adjustment mechanism contemplated by Sections 2.03 and 2.04 (it being
understood that the Indemnifying Party shall be liable only for the excess of
the Damages over such purchase price adjustment compensation) or (2)
punitive Damages.   (c) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, except for Damages arising out of a breach of the representation
set forth in the first sentence of Section 3.08, no Damages shall be
determined or increased based on any multiple of any financial measure
(including earnings, sales or other benchmarks) that might have been used by
Parent or Buyer in the valuation of the Company and its Subsidiaries or their
businesses and operations (it being understood that the foregoing exception
for Damages arising out of a breach of the representation set forth in the
first sentence of Section 3.08 shall not constitute an admission or
acknowledgement that Damages in respect of such a breach should be determined
or increased based on any such multiple, but instead is simply an exception
to the prohibition on making such a claim in the case of such a breach).  
Section 11.05. Assignment of Claims. If the Indemnified Party receives
any payment from an Indemnifying Party in respect of any Damages pursuant to
Section 11.02 and the Indemnified Party could have recovered all or a part of
such Damages from a third party (other than from the Company, any Subsidiary,
any Affiliate of the Company or any current or former employee or agent of
any such Persons) (a "Potential Contributor") based on the underlying Claim
asserted against the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnified Party shall assign
such of its rights to proceed against the Potential Contributor as are
necessary to permit the Indemnifying Party to recover from the Potential
Contributor the amount of such payment.   Section 11.06. Exclusivity.
Except as specifically set forth in this Agreement, Parent waives any rights
and claims Parent and its Affiliates may have against The Limited and its
Affiliates, whether in law or in equity, relating to the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries or any of their respective assets, business or operations,
the Shares or the transactions contemplated hereby, and The  
72   Limited waives any such rights and claims The Limited and its
Affiliates may have against Parent and its Affiliates, the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries. The rights and claims waived hereby include, without
limitation, claims for contribution or other rights of recovery arising out
of or relating to any Environmental Law, claims for breach of contract,
breach of representation or warranty, negligent misrepresentation and all
other claims for breach of duty. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is
understood that nothing herein shall prohibit any party hereto from
exercising its rights to seek equitable relief with respect to a breach of
covenant or agreement under any Transaction Document.   ARTICLE 12 
TERMINATION   Section 12.01. Grounds for Termination. This Agreement may be
terminated and the transactions contemplated herein may be abandoned at any
time prior to the Closing:   (a) by mutual written agreement of Seller and
Buyer;   (b) by either Seller or Buyer if the Closing shall not have
been consummated on or before September 30, 2001 (the "Termination Date");
provided, however, that neither of the parties may terminate this Agreement
pursuant to this clause if the Closing shall not have been consummated by the
Termination Date by reason of the failure of such party or any of its
Affiliates to perform in all material respects any of its or their respective
covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement;   (c) by either Buyer,
on the one hand, or Seller, on the other hand, if a material breach of any
provision of this Agreement has been committed by the other party or any of
its Affiliates and such breach is not capable of being satisfied or cured by
the Termination Date; or   (d) by either Seller or Buyer if consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby would violate any nonappealable final
order, decree or judgment of any court or governmental body having competent
jurisdiction.   The party desiring to terminate this Agreement pursuant to
clauses 12.01(b)-(d) shall give notice of such termination to the other
party.   Section 12.02. Effect of Termination. If this Agreement is
terminated as permitted by Section 12.01, such termination shall be without
liability of any party (or any Affiliate, stockholder, director, officer,
employee, agent, consultant or representative of such party) to any other
party to this Agreement; provided that if such termination shall result from
the (1) failure of any party to fulfill a condition to the performance of the
obligations of the other parties that is within   73   the control of
such party, (2) failure of any party to this Agreement to perform a covenant
or agreement contained in any Transaction Document, (3) breach by any party
hereto of any representation or warranty contained herein made as of the date
of this Agreement or (4) willful or negligent breach by any party to
this Agreement of any representation or warranty (other than a breach of
any representation or warranty specified in clause (3)) contained in any
Transaction Document, such party shall be fully liable for any and all
Damages incurred or suffered by any other party as a result of such failure
or breach. The provisions of Sections 5.04(a)(2), 5.13, 6.02 (it being
understood that all provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement will remain
in full force and effect), 6.07, 6.09, 12.02 and Article 13 shall survive any
termination hereof pursuant to Section 12.01.   ARTICLE 13 
MISCELLANEOUS   Section 13.01. Notices. All notices, requests and other
communications to any party hereunder shall be in writing (including
facsimile transmission) and shall be given,   if to Parent or Buyer,
to:   Charming Shoppes, Inc.  450 Winks Lane  Bensalem, PA 19020 
Attention: Eric M. Specter  Fax: (215) 638-6648   with a copy (which shall
not constitute notice) to:   Drinker Biddle and Reath LLP  One Logan Square 
18th and Cherry Streets  Philadelphia, PA 19103  Attention: Howard A. Blum 
Fax: (215) 988-2757   if to The Limited or to Seller, to:   The Limited,
Inc.  Three Limited Parkway  Columbus, Ohio 43230  Attention: Samuel P.
Fried  Fax: (614) 415-7188   74    with a copy (which shall not
constitute notice) to:   Davis Polk and Wardwell  450 Lexington Avenue  New
York, New York 10017  Attention: David L. Caplan  Fax: (212) 450-4800  or
to such other address or telecopy number and with such other copies, as
such party may hereafter specify for the purpose by notice to the other
parties. All such notices, requests and other communications shall be deemed
received on the date of receipt by the recipient thereof if received prior to
5 p.m. in the place of receipt and such day is a Business Day in the place of
receipt. Otherwise, any such notice, request or communication shall be deemed
not to have been received until the next succeeding Business Day in the place
of receipt. Each such notice, request or other communication shall be
effective (1) if given by telecopy, when such telecopy is transmitted to the
telecopy number specified in this Section and evidence of receipt is received
or (2) if given by any other means, upon delivery or refusal of delivery at
the address specified in this Section 13.01.   Section 13.02. Amendments
and Waivers. (a) Any provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived if,
but only if, such amendment or waiver is in writing and is signed, in the
case of an amendment, by each party to this Agreement, or in the case of a
waiver, by the party against whom the waiver is to be effective.   (b) No
failure or delay by any party in exercising any right, power or privilege
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial
exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or
the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The rights and remedies
herein provided shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or
remedies provided by law.   Section 13.03. Expenses. Except to the extent
otherwise expressly provided in any of the Transaction Documents: (1) all
costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid
by the party incurring such cost or expense and (2) The Limited shall be
responsible for all out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Company
and its Subsidiaries prior to the Closing Date in connection with the
preparation, execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and the
consummation of the Closing.   Section 13.04. Successors and Assigns. The
provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit
of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns; provided
that no party may assign, delegate or otherwise transfer any of its rights or
obligations under this Agreement without the consent of each other party
hereto; provided, further, that Parent may assign its rights to
indemnification under Article 8 and 11 of this Agreement to Parent\'s  
75   lenders under the credit and security arrangements to be entered into
by Parent in connection with the Closing.   Section 13.05. Governing Law.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law
of the State of New York, without regard to the conflicts of law rules of
such state.   Section 13.06. Jurisdiction. Except as otherwise expressly
provided in this Agreement, the parties hereto agree that any suit, action or
proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of, or based on any matter
arising out of or in connection with, any of the Transaction Documents or the
transactions contemplated thereby shall be brought in the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York or any New York State
court sitting in New York City, Borough of Manhattan, so long as one of such
courts shall have subject matter jurisdiction over such suit, action or
proceeding, and that any cause of action arising out of any of the
Transaction Documents shall be deemed to have arisen from a transaction of
business in the State of New York, and each of the parties hereby irrevocably
consents to the jurisdiction of such courts (and of the appropriate appellate
courts therefrom) in any such suit, action or proceeding and irrevocably
waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that it may now
or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such suit, action or
proceeding in any such court or that any such suit, action or proceeding
which is brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.
Process in any such suit, action or proceeding may be served on any party
anywhere in the world, whether within or without the jurisdiction of any such
court. Without limiting the foregoing, each party agrees that service of
process on such party as provided in Section 13.01 shall be deemed effective
service of process on such party.   Section 13.07. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.
EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO
TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS
AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.   Section 13.08.
Counterparts; Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement may be signed in any
number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same
effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument.
Each Transaction Document shall become effective when each party thereto
shall have received a counterpart thereof signed by the other party thereto.
No Transaction Document is intended to confer upon any Person other than the
parties thereto any rights or remedies hereunder.   Section 13.09. Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the Confidentiality
Agreement and The Limited Confidentiality Agreement, constitute the entire
agreement between the parties with respect to the subject   76   matter
of this Agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and
understandings, both oral and written, between the parties with respect to
the subject matter of this Agreement. No representation, inducement, promise,
understanding, condition or warranty not set forth herein has been made or
relied upon by any party hereto.   Section 13.10. Captions; Certain Terms.
The captions herein are included for convenience of reference only and shall
be ignored in the construction or interpretation hereof. All references to
"$" or "dollars" shall be to United States dollars and all references to
"days" shall be to calendar days unless otherwise specified. Whenever the
words "include," "includes" or "including" are used in this Agreement, they
shall be deemed to be followed by the words, "without limitation."  
Section 13.11. Disclosure Schedule. The parties acknowledge and agree
that (1) the Disclosure Schedule to this Agreement may include certain items
and information solely for informational purposes for the convenience of
Buyer and (2) the disclosure by The Limited or Seller of any matter in the
Disclosure Schedule shall not be deemed to constitute an acknowledgment by
The Limited or Seller that the matter is required to be disclosed by the
terms of this Agreement or that the matter is material. If any section of the
Disclosure Schedule discloses an item or information in such a way as to make
its relevance to the disclosure required by another section of the Disclosure
Schedule readily apparent, the matter shall be deemed to have been disclosed
in such other section of the Disclosure Schedule, notwithstanding the
omission of an appropriate cross-reference to such other section of the
Disclosure Schedule.   [Remainder of page intentionally left blank; next
page is signature page]   77    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto
have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
officers as of the day and year first above written.     CHARMING
SHOPPES, INC.    By:/s/ Eric M. Specter 
----------------------------------  Name: Eric M. Specter  Title: Executive
Vice President    VENICE ACQUISITION CORPORATION    By:/s/ Eric M.
Specter  ----------------------------------  Name: Eric M. Specter  Title:
Vice President    LFAS, INC.    By:/s/ Douglas L. Williams 
----------------------------------  Name: Douglas L. Williams  Title: Vice
President, Senior Counsel    THE LIMITED, INC.    By:/s/ Timothy J.
Faber  ----------------------------------  Name: Timothy J. Faber  Title:
Vice President - Treasury,  Mergers and Acquisitions   78    '

