 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER    Execution
Copy -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Exhibit 99.1      AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   by and between  
CHITTENDEN CORPORATION   and   GRANITE STATE BANKSHARES, INC.   Dated as
of November 7,
2002      --------------------------------------------------------------------------------    ARTICLE
I - CERTAIN DEFINITIONS ........................................... 1  1.1
Certain Definitions ................................................
1  ARTICLE II - THE MERGER; EFFECTS OF THE MERGER
............................ 7  2.1 The Merger
......................................................... 7  2.2 Effective
Time ..................................................... 7  2.3 Effects of
the Merger .............................................. 7  2.4 Closing
............................................................ 8  2.5 Tax
Consequences ................................................... 8  2.6
Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws ............................... 8  2.7
Directors of the Surviving Corporation ............................. 8  2.8
Officers of the Surviving Corporation ..............................
8  ARTICLE III - MERGER CONSIDERATION; ELECTION AND EXCHANGE PROCEDURES
...... 8  3.1 Merger Consideration
............................................... 8  3.2 Rights as
Stockholders; Stock Transfers ............................ 9  3.3 Fractional
Shares .................................................. 9  3.4 Dissenters\'
Rights ................................................. 9  3.5 Election
Procedures ................................................ 10  3.6 Exchange
Procedures ................................................ 12  3.7 Anti-
Dilution Provisions ........................................... 14  3.8
Options ............................................................
14  ARTICLE IV - COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS
.................... 15  4.1 Company Forbearances
............................................... 15  4.2 Buyer Forbearances
................................................. 18  ARTICLE V -
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES ................................ 18  5.1
Disclosure Schedules ............................................... 18  5.2
Standard ........................................................... 19  5.3
Representations and Warranties of the Company ...................... 19  5.4
Representations and Warranties of Buyer ............................
35  ARTICLE VI - COVENANTS
.................................................... 41  6.1 Reasonable Best
Efforts ............................................ 41  6.2 Shareholder
Approval ............................................... 42  6.3 Registration
Statement ............................................. 42  6.4 Press
Releases ..................................................... 43  6.5
Access; Information ................................................ 43  6.6
Acquisition Proposals .............................................. 44  6.7
Affiliate Agreements ............................................... 46  6.8
Takeover Laws ...................................................... 46  6.9
No Rights Triggered ................................................ 46 
6.10Shares Listed ...................................................... 46 
6.11Regulatory Applications; Filings; Consents .........................
46   i     6.12 Indemnification; Directors\' and Officers\' Insurance
............ 47  6.13 Benefit Plans
.................................................. 48  6.14 Notification of
Certain Matters ................................ 49  6.15 Bank Merger
.................................................... 49  6.16 Post-Closing
Governance ........................................ 49  6.17 Confidentiality
Agreement ...................................... 49  6.18 Section 16 Votes
............................................... 49  6.19 Restructuring
.................................................. 49  6.20 ESOP
........................................................... 50  6.21 Split
Dollar Life Insurance Policies ........................... 50  6.22 Other
Actions .................................................. 50  ARTICLE VII -
CONDITIONS TO CONSUMMATION OF THE MERGER .................. 50  7.1
Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligations to Effect the Merger .... 50  7.2
Conditions to the Obligations of Buyer ......................... 51  7.3
Conditions to the Obligations of the Company ................... 52  ARTICLE
VIII - TERMINATION .............................................. 52  8.1
Termination .................................................... 52  8.2
Effect of Termination and Abandonment .......................... 54  ARTICLE
IX - MISCELLANEOUS .............................................. 55  9.1
Survival ....................................................... 55  9.2
Waiver; Amendment .............................................. 55  9.3
Counterparts ................................................... 55  9.4
Governing Law .................................................. 55  9.5
Expenses ....................................................... 55  9.6
Confidentiality ................................................ 55  9.7
Notices ........................................................ 56  9.8
Understanding; No Third Party Beneficiaries .................... 56  9.9
Assignability; Binding Effect .................................. 57  9.10
Headings; Interpretation ....................................... 57  EXHIBIT
A Form of Affiliate Letter Addressed to Buyer   ii    DISCLOSURE
SCHEDULES  Schedule 4.1(e) Acceleration Schedule 5.1(d) Compensation;
Employment Agreements; Etc. Schedule 5.3(b) Capitalization Schedule 5.3(c)
Subsidiaries Schedule 5.3(l) No Brokers Schedule 5.3(n)(i) Employee Benefits
Plans Schedule 5.3(q) Insurance Schedule 5.3(r) Environmental
Matters Schedule 5.3(s) Taxes and Tax Returns Schedule 5.3(s)(vi) Taxes and
Tax Returns Schedule 5.3(v) Material Agreements; Defaults Schedule 5.3(y)
Loans; Nonperforming and Classified Assets Schedule 5.4(b)
Capitalization Schedule 5.4(c) Subsidiaries Schedule 5.4(k) Employee
Benefits Plans Schedule 6.13(c) Benefit Plans   iii     AGREEMENT AND
PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of November 7, 2002 (this "Agreement"), by and
between Chittenden Corporation, a Vermont corporation ("Buyer"), and Granite
State Bankshares, Inc., a New Hampshire corporation ("the Company").  
RECITALS:   WHEREAS, the respective Boards of Directors of Buyer and the
Company have determined that it is in the best interests of their respective
corporations, shareholders and other constituencies, as well as the
communities they serve, to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the
strategic business merger transactions provided for herein, in which the
Company will, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, merge
(the "Merger") with and into Buyer such that Buyer is the surviving
corporation in the Merger and continues its corporate existence under the
laws of the State of Vermont;   WHEREAS, as a condition to the willingness
of Buyer to enter into this Agreement, each of the directors and officers of
the Company (the "Voting Agreement Shareholders") have entered into a Voting
Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, with Buyer (the "Voting Agreement"),
pursuant to which each Voting Agreement Shareholder has agreed, among other
things, to vote such Voting Agreement Shareholder\'s shares of common stock,
par value $1.00 per share, of the Company ("Company Common Stock") in favor
of the approval of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby,
upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Voting
Agreement;   WHEREAS, the parties intend the Merger to qualify as a
reorganization within the meaning of Code Section 368(a); and   WHEREAS,
the parties desire to make certain representations, warranties and agreements
in connection with the Merger and also to prescribe certain conditions to the
Merger.   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants,
representations, warranties and agreements contained herein, and intending to
be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows:   ARTICLE I -
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS   1.1 Certain Definitions. As used in this Agreement,
the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below:   "Acquisition
Proposal" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.6(d).   "Affiliate"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.7(a).   "Aggregate Value"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.5(e).   "Agreement" shall have
the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.   "Bank Merger"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.15.   "Bank Merger Agreement"
shall have the same meaning set forth in Section 6.15.     "BHCA" shall
mean the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended.   "Burdensome
Condition" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(b).   "Business
Day" means Monday through Friday of each week, except on legal holiday
recognized as such by the U.S. Government or any day on which
banking institutions in the State of New Hampshire or the State of Vermont
are authorized or obligated to close.   "Buyer" shall have the meaning set
forth in the preamble to this Agreement.   "Buyer 2001 Form 10-K" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 5.4(g)(i).   "Buyer Balance Sheet" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 5.4(g)(i).   "Buyer Board" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 5.4(e).   "Buyer Common Stock" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(a).   "Buyer Disclosure Schedule" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1.   "Buyer Plans" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 5.4(k)(ii).   "Buyer SEC Documents" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 5.4(g)(i).   "Cash Consideration" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(c).   "Cash Election" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 3.5(a).   "Cash Election Shares" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 3.5(a).   "Certificate" or "Certificates"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2.   "Classified Loans" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 5.3(y)(ii).   "Closing" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 2.4.   "Closing Date" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 2.4.   "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended.   "Company" shall have the meaning set forth in the
preamble to this Agreement.   "Company 2001 Form 10-K" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 5.3(g)(i).   "Company Balance Sheet" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 5.3(g)(i).   "Company Board" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 5.3(e).   "Company Common Stock" shall
have the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement.   2    
"Company Compensation and Benefit Plans" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 5.3(n)(i).   "Company Disclosure Schedule" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 5.1.   "Company Employees" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 6.13(a).   "Company Material Contract" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 5.3(v)(i).   "Company Meeting" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 6.2(a).   "Company Pension Plan" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 5.3(n)(iii).   "Company Plans" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 5.3(n)(iii).   "Company SEC Documents" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 5.3(g)(i).   "Company Stock Option"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.8.   "Company Stock Option
Plans" shall mean the stock option plans disclosed on Schedule 5.3(n) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule.   "Confidentiality Agreement" shall mean the
Confidentiality Agreement, dated as of October 3, 2002, by and between Buyer
and the Company.   "CRA" shall mean the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977,
as amended.   "Disclosure Schedule" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 5.1.   "Dissenting Share" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 3.4.   "DOJ" shall mean the Department of Justice.   "Effective
Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.   "Effective Time"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.   "Election Deadline" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 3.5(b).   "Election Form" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 3.5(a).   "Election Form Record Date" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 3.5(a).   "Environment" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 5.3(r)(vii).   "EPA" shall mean the United
States Environmental Protection Agency.   "ERISA" shall mean the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.   "ERISA Affiliate"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.3(n)(i).   3     "Exchange
Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the
rules and regulations thereunder.   "Exchange Agent" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 3.5(a).   "Exchange Fund" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 3.6(a).   "Exchange Ratio" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 3.1(c).   "Expense Fee" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 8.2(c).   "Expenses" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
8.2(b).   "FDIA" shall mean the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, as
amended.   "FDIC" shall mean the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or
any successor thereto.   "FFIEC" shall mean the Federal Financial
Institutions Examination Council.   "FRB" means the Board of Governors of
the Federal Reserve System or any successor thereto.   "GAAP" shall mean
generally accepted accounting principles.   "Governmental Authority" shall
mean any United States federal, state or local governmental commission, board
or other regulatory authority or agency, including courts and other judicial
bodies.   "Hazardous Material" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 5.3(r)(vii).   "IRS" means the Internal Revenue Service.  
"Indemnified Parties" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.12(a).  
"Insurance Amount" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.12(b).  
"Liens" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.3(w)(i).   "Loan
Property" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.3(r)(vii).   "Loans"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.3(y)(i).   "Mailing Date"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.5(a).   "Material Adverse
Effect" shall mean with respect to Buyer or the Company, respectively, any
effect that (a) is material and adverse to the condition (financial or
otherwise), results of operations, assets, liabilities or business or
prospects of Buyer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, or the Company
and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, respectively, or (b) would materially
impair the ability of Buyer or the Company, respectively, to perform its
obligations under this Agreement or otherwise materially threaten or
materially impede the   4    consummation of the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement; provided, however, that
"Material Adverse Effect" shall not be deemed to include the impact of: (i)
changes in banking laws of general applicability or interpretations thereof
by courts or governmental authorities affecting depository institutions
generally; (ii) changes resulting from expenses (such as legal, accounting
and investment bankers\' fees) incurred in connection with this Agreement or
the transactions contemplated herein; and (iii) changes in
economic conditions affecting financial institutions generally, including but
not limited to, changes in the general level of market interest rates except
to the extent that such changes have, or could reasonably be expected to have
on the Company or Buyer, as the case may be, and its Subsidiaries taken as a
whole, an adverse effect that is materially greater than the adverse effect
on comparable entities.   "Merger" shall have the meaning set forth in the
recitals to this Agreement.   "Merger Consideration" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 3.1(c).   "Mixed Election" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 3.5(a).   "Multiemployer Plans" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 5.3(n)(iii).   "New Certificate" or "New Certificates"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.6(a).   "Nasdaq" shall mean
the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation
System.   "NHBCA" shall mean the New Hampshire Business Corporation Act.  
"Non-Election" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.5(a).   "Non-
Election Shares" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.5(a).  
"NYSE" shall mean The New York Stock Exchange, Inc.   "OCC" shall mean the
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.   "Oil" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 5.3(r)(vii).   "Owned Property" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 5.3(r)(i).   "Participation Facility" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 5.3(r)(vii).   "Person" or "person" shall mean
any individual, bank, corporation, partnership, limited liability company,
association, joint-stock company, business trust or unincorporated
organization.   "Plan" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.20.  
"Proxy Statement/Prospectus" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 6.3(a).   "Registration Statement" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 6.3(a).   5     "Regulatory Authority" and "Regulatory
Authorities" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.3(i)(ii).  
"Regulatory Approvals" shall mean (a) the approval (or waiver) of the
FRB, (b) the approval of the OCC, (c) notification to the Vermont Department
of Banking, Insurance, Securities and Healthcare Administration, (d) the
approval of the Massachusetts Board of Bank Incorporation and (e) the
approval of the New Hampshire Commissioner of Banks.   "Representatives"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.5(a).   "Rights" shall mean,
with respect to any person, securities or obligations convertible into or
exchangeable for, or giving any person any right to subscribe for or acquire,
or any options, calls or commitments relating to, shares of stock of such
person.   "SEC" shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission.  
"Section 16" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.18.   "Securities
Act" shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and
regulations thereunder.   "Shortfall Number" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 3.5(d)(i).   "Stock Consideration" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 3.1(c).   "Stock Conversion Number" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 3.5(a).   "Stock Election" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 3.5(a).   "Stock Election Number" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 3.5(a).   "Stock Election Shares" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 3.5(a).   "Stock Value" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 3.5(e).   "Subsidiary" shall have the meaning
set forth in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X of the SEC.   "Subsidiaries" shall
mean all of a party\'s Subsidiaries.   "Superior Proposal" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 6.6(d).   "Surviving Corporation" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.   "Takeover Laws" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 5.3(p).   "Tax Returns" shall mean any return,
declaration, report, claim for refund, or information return or statement
relating to Taxes, including any schedule or attachment thereto, and
including any amendment thereof.   6     "Taxes" shall mean (i) all
taxes, charges, fees, levies or other assessments, including, without
limitation, all net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad
valorem, goods and services, capital, transfer, franchise, profits, license,
withholding, payroll, employment, employer health, excise, estimated,
severance, stamp, occupation, property or other taxes, custom duties, fees,
assessments or charges of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest and
any penalties, additions to tax or additional amounts imposed by any taxing
authority; and (ii) any liability for the payment of amounts with respect to
payments of a type described in clause (i) as a result of being a member of
an affiliated, consolidated, combined or unitary group, or as a result of any
obligation under any tax sharing arrangement or tax indemnity agreement.  
"Treasury Stock" shall mean shares of Company Common Stock held (i) in
the Company\'s treasury or (ii) by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
by Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case other than in a fiduciary
capacity (including custodial or agency).   "USA Patriot Act" means the
U.S. Patriot Act of 2001, Public Law 107-56, and the regulations promulgated
thereunder.   "VBCA" shall mean The Vermont Business Corporation Act.  
"Voting Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals to
this Agreement.   "Voting Agreement Shareholder" or "Voting Agreement
Shareholders" shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals to this
Agreement.   ARTICLE II - THE MERGER; EFFECTS OF THE MERGER   2.1 The
Merger. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, in accordance
with the VBCA and the NHBCA, and in reliance upon the representations,
warranties and covenants set forth herein, at the Effective Time, the Company
shall merge with and into Buyer, the separate corporate existence of the
Company shall cease and Buyer shall survive and continue its corporate
existence under the laws of the State of Vermont (Buyer, as the surviving
corporation in the Merger, being sometimes referred to herein as
the "Surviving Corporation"). The name of the Surviving Corporation shall
be Chittenden Corporation.   2.2 Effective Time. On the Closing Date, as
promptly as practicable after all of the conditions set forth in Article VII
shall have been satisfied or, if permissible, waived by the party entitled to
the benefit of the same, Buyer and the Company shall (a) execute and file
with the Secretary of State of the State of Vermont articles of merger in a
form reasonably satisfactory to Buyer and the Company, in accordance with the
VBCA and (b) execute and file with the Secretary of State of the State of New
Hampshire articles of merger in a form reasonably satisfactory to Buyer and
the Company, in accordance with the NHBCA. The Merger shall become effective
on the date of such filings or on the date specified therein (the "Effective
Date") and at the time (the "Effective Time") of such filings or at the time
specified therein.   2.3 Effects of the Merger. At the Effective Time, the
effect of the Merger shall be as provided herein and as provided in Section
11.06 of the VBCA and Section 293-A:11.06 of the NHBCA.   7     2.4
Closing. The transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be consummated
at a closing (the "Closing") that will take place at the offices of Goodwin
Procter LLP, Exchange Place, Boston, Massachusetts 02109 on a date to
be specified by the parties, which shall be no later than five business days
after all of the conditions to the Closing set forth in Article VII (other
than conditions to be satisfied at the Closing, which shall be satisfied or
waived at the Closing) have been satisfied or waived in accordance with the
terms hereof unless extended by mutual agreement of the parties, such day
being referred to herein as the "Closing Date."   2.5 Tax Consequences. It
is intended that the Merger shall qualify as a reorganization under Section
368(a) of the Code, and that the Agreement shall constitute a "plan of
reorganization" for purposes of Section 368 of the Code.   2.6 Articles of
Incorporation and Bylaws. The articles of merger shall provide that, at the
Effective Time, the articles of incorporation of Buyer, as in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the articles
of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until amended in accordance
with applicable law. The bylaws of Buyer, as in effect immediately prior to
the Effective Time, shall be the bylaws of the Surviving Corporation at
the Effective Time.   2.7 Directors of the Surviving Corporation. The
directors of Buyer immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the
directors of the Surviving Corporation immediately after the Effective Time
plus the person appointed or elected as a director pursuant to Section 6.16
hereof, each of whom shall serve until their successors shall have been duly
elected or appointed and qualified or until their earlier death, resignation
or removal in accordance with the articles of incorporation and bylaws of the
Surviving Corporation.   2.8 Officers of the Surviving Corporation. The
officers of Buyer immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the
officers of the Surviving Corporation immediately after the Effective Time,
such officers to hold office, subject to the applicable provisions of the
articles of incorporation and bylaws of the Surviving Corporation, until
their respective successors shall be duly elected or appointed and
qualified.   ARTICLE III - MERGER CONSIDERATION; ELECTION AND EXCHANGE
PROCEDURES   3.1 Merger Consideration. Subject to the provisions of this
Agreement, at the Effective Time, automatically by virtue of the Merger and
without any action on the part of Buyer, the Company or any shareholder of
the Company:   (a) Each share of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, of
Buyer ("Buyer Common Stock") that is issued and outstanding immediately prior
to the Effective Time shall remain outstanding following the Effective Time
and shall be unchanged by the Merger.   (b) Each share of Company Common
Stock held as Treasury Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be
cancelled and retired at the Effective Time without any conversion thereof,
and no payment shall be made with respect thereto.   (c) Each outstanding
share of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time (other than Treasury Stock and any Dissenting Shares) shall
become and be converted into, as provided in and subject to the  
8    limitations set forth in this Agreement, the right to receive at the
election of the holder thereof as provided in Section 3.5 either: (i) $46.00
in cash (the "Cash Consideration"); (ii) 1.64 shares (the "Exchange Ratio")
of Buyer Common Stock (the "Stock Consideration"), or (iii) a combination of
Cash Consideration and Stock Consideration, as provided in Section 3.5(a).
The Cash Consideration and Stock Consideration are sometimes referred to
herein collectively as the "Merger Consideration."   3.2 Rights as
Stockholders; Stock Transfers. All shares of Company Common Stock, when
converted as provided in Section 3.1(c), shall no longer be outstanding and
shall automatically be cancelled and retired and shall cease to exist, and
each certificate (a "Certificate" and collectively, the "Certificates")
previously evidencing such shares shall thereafter represent only the right
to receive for each such share of Company Common Stock the
Merger Consideration and cash in lieu of fractional shares of Buyer Common
Stock in accordance with Sections 3.1(c) and 3.3. At the Effective Time,
holders of Company Common Stock shall cease to be, and shall have no rights
as, shareholders of the Company, other than the right to receive any dividend
or other distribution with respect to such Company Common Stock with a record
date occurring prior to the Effective Time and the right to receive the
Merger Consideration and cash in lieu of fractional shares of Buyer Common
Stock as provided under this Article III. After the Effective Time, there
shall be no transfers on the stock transfer books of the Company of shares of
Company Common Stock other than transfers of Company Common Stock that have
occurred prior to the Effective Time.   3.3 Fractional Shares.
Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, no fractional shares of Buyer
Common Stock and no certificates or scrip therefor, or other evidence of
ownership thereof, will be issued in the Merger. Instead, Buyer shall pay to
each holder of a fractional share of Buyer Common Stock an amount of cash
(without interest) determined by multiplying the fractional share interest to
which such holder would otherwise be entitled (after aggregating all shares
of Company Common Stock delivered by such holder at the Effective Time) by
the average of the last sale prices of Buyer Common Stock, as reported on
the NYSE (as reported in The Wall Street Journal or, if not reported therein,
in another authoritative source), for the five NYSE trading days
immediately preceding the Effective Date, rounded to the nearest whole
cent.   3.4 Dissenters\' Rights. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement
to the contrary, with respect to each share, if any, of Company Common Stock
as to which the holder thereof shall have properly complied with Section
293-A:13 of the NHBCA as to dissenters\' rights required to be complied with
prior to the Effective Time (each, a "Dissenting Share"), such holder shall
not be entitled to receive any consideration pursuant to Sections 3.1(c) and
3.3 hereof, but instead shall be entitled to payment, solely from the
Surviving Corporation, of the fair value of the Dissenting Shares to the
extent permitted by and in accordance with the provisions of Section 293-A:13
of the NHBCA; provided, however, that if any holder of Dissenting Shares
fails to satisfy the requirements of the NHBCA the shareholder is not
entitled to payment for the shares, and such holder or holders (as the case
may be) shall forfeit the right to dissent and such shares of Company Common
Stock shall thereupon be deemed to have been converted, as of the Effective
Time, into and represent solely the right to receive the Cash Consideration
as provided in 3.5(a) below, and cash in lieu of fractional shares of Buyer
Common Stock payable in respect of such shares of Company Common Stock. The
Company shall give Buyer prompt notice of any demands received by the Company
for appraisal of shares of Company Common Stock, and   9    Buyer shall
have the right to participate in all Company negotiations and proceedings
with respect to such demands. The Company shall not settle, make any payments
with respect to, or offer to settle, any claim with respect to Dissenting
Shares without the written consent of Buyer.   3.5 Election Procedures.  
(a) An election form and other appropriate and customary transmittal 
materials (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of 
loss and title to Certificates shall pass, only upon proper delivery of  such
Certificates to a bank or trust company designated by Buyer and  reasonably
satisfactory to the Company (the "Exchange Agent")) in such form  as the
Company and Buyer shall mutually agree (the "Election Form"), shall  be
mailed no later than 15 calendar days prior to the anticipated Effective 
Time (the "Mailing Date") to each holder of record of Company Common Stock 
as of five business days prior to the Mailing Date (the "Election Form 
Record Date"). Each Election Form shall permit each holder of record of 
Company Common Stock as of the Election Form Record Date (or in the case of 
nominee record holders, the beneficial owner through proper instructions  and
documentation) to (i) elect to receive the Cash Consideration for all  of
such holder\'s shares (a "Cash Election"), (ii) elect to receive the  Stock
Consideration for all of such holder\'s shares (a "Stock Election"),  (iii)
elect to receive the Cash Consideration with respect to one half of  such
holder\'s shares and the Stock Consideration with respect to one half  of
such holder\'s shares (a "Mixed Election") or (iv) make no election with 
respect to the receipt of the Cash Consideration or the Stock Consideration 
(a "Non-Election"), provided, that, notwithstanding any other provision of 
this Agreement, other than paragraph (e) of this Section 3.5, 50% of the 
total number of shares of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding at  the
Effective Time, including any Dissenting Shares but excluding any  Treasury
Stock (the "Stock Conversion Number"), shall be converted into the  Stock
Consideration and the remaining outstanding shares of Company Common  Stock
shall be converted into the Cash Consideration. Holders of record of  shares
of Company Common Stock who hold such shares as nominees, trustees  or in
other representative capacities may submit multiple Election Forms, 
provided, that such nominee, trustee, or other representative certifies  that
each such Election Form covers all the shares of Company Common Stock  held
by such nominee, trustee, or other representative for a particular 
beneficial owner. Shares of Company Common Stock as to which a Cash  Election
(including, pursuant to a Mixed Election) has been made are  referred to
herein as "Cash Election Shares." Shares of Company Common  Stock as to which
a Stock Election has been made (including, pursuant to a  Mixed Election) are
referred to herein as "Stock Election Shares." Shares  of Company Common
Stock as to which no election has been made (or as to  which an Election Form
is not returned properly completed) are referred to  herein as "Non-Election
Shares." The aggregate number of shares of Company  Common Stock with respect
to which a Stock Election has been made is  referred to herein as the "Stock
Election Number." Any Dissenting Shares  shall be deemed to be Cash Election
Shares, and the holders thereof shall  in no event receive consideration
comprised of Buyer Common Stock with  respect to such shares.   (b) To be
effective, a properly completed Election Form shall be  submitted to the
Exchange Agent on or before 5:00 p.m., New York City time,  on the 20th
calendar day following but not including the Mailing Date (or  such other
time and date as Buyer and the Company may mutually agree) (the  "Election
Deadline").   10     (c) An Election Form shall be deemed properly
completed only if  accompanied by one or more Certificates (or customary
affidavits and  indemnification regarding the loss or destruction of such
Certificates or  the guaranteed delivery of such Certificates) representing
all shares of  Company Common Stock covered by such Election Form, together
with duly  executed transmittal materials included with the Election Form. If
a holder  of Company Common Stock either (i) does not submit a properly
completed  Election Form in a timely fashion or (ii) revokes the holder\'s
Election  Form prior to the Election Deadline, the shares of Company Common
Stock  held by such holder shall be designated Non-Election Shares. Subject
to the  terms of this Agreement and of the Election Form, the Exchange Agent
shall  have reasonable discretion to determine whether any election,
revocation or  change has been properly or timely made and to disregard
immaterial defects  in any Election Form, and any good faith decisions of the
Exchange Agent  regarding such matters shall be binding and conclusive.
Neither Buyer nor  the Exchange Agent shall be under any obligation to notify
any Person of  any defect in an Election Form.   (d) Within five Business
Days after the later to occur of the Election  Deadline or the Effective
Time, Buyer shall cause the Exchange Agent to  effect the allocation among
holders of Company Common Stock of rights to  receive the Cash Consideration
and the Stock Consideration as follows:   (i) If the Stock Election Number
exceeds the Stock Conversion  Number, then all Cash Election Shares and all
Non-Election Shares  shall be converted into the right to receive the Cash
Consideration,  and, subject to Section 3.3 hereof, each holder of Stock
Election  Shares will be entitled to receive the Stock Consideration in
respect  of that number of Stock Election Shares held by such holder equal
to  the product obtained by multiplying (x) the number of Stock Election 
Shares held by such holder by (y) a fraction, the numerator of which  is the
Stock Conversion Number and the denominator of which is the  Stock Election
Number, with the remaining number of such holder\'s  Stock Election Shares
being converted into the right to receive the  Cash Consideration; (ii) If
the Stock Election Number is less than the  Stock Conversion Number (the
amount by which the Stock Conversion  Number exceeds the Stock Election
Number being referred to herein as  the "Shortfall Number"), then all Stock
Election Shares shall be  converted into the right to receive the Stock
Consideration and the  Non-Election Shares and Cash Election Shares shall be
treated in the  following manner:   (A) if the Shortfall Number is less
than or equal to the  number of Non-Election Shares, then all Cash Election
Shares  shall be converted into the right to receive the Cash  Consideration
and, subject to Section 3.3 hereof, each holder of  Non-Election Shares shall
receive the Stock Consideration in  respect of that number of Non-Election
Shares held by such holder  equal to the product obtained by multiplying (x)
the number of  Non-Election Shares held by such holder by (y) a fraction,
the  numerator of which is the Shortfall Number and the denominator of 
which is the total number of Non-Election Shares, with the  remaining number
of such holder\'s Non-Election Shares being  converted into the right to
receive the Cash Consideration; or   11     (B) if the Shortfall Number
exceeds the number of  Non-Election Shares, then all Non-Election Shares
shall be  converted into the right to receive the Stock Consideration, and, 
subject to Section 3.3 hereof, each holder of Cash Election  Shares shall
receive the Stock Consideration in respect of that  number of Cash Election
Shares equal to the product obtained by  multiplying (x) the number of Cash
Election Shares held by such  holder by (y) a fraction, the numerator of
which is the amount by  which (1) the Shortfall Number exceeds (2) the total
number of  Non-Election Shares and the denominator of which is the total 
number of Cash Election Shares, with the remaining number of such  holder\'s
Cash Election Shares being converted into the right to  receive the Cash
Consideration.   (e) Notwithstanding anything in this Article III to the
contrary, if  the aggregate value of the Stock Consideration to be delivered
as of the  Effective Time less the amount of cash paid in lieu of fractional
shares of  Buyer Common Stock pursuant to Section 3.3 (the "Stock Value") is
less than  40% of the sum of (i) the aggregate value of the Merger
Consideration to be  delivered as of the Effective Time, plus (ii) the value
of any  consideration described in Treasury Regulations Section
1.368-1(e)(1)(ii),  plus (iii) cash paid to holders of Dissenting Shares,
plus (iv) the value  of any consideration paid by Buyer or any of its
Subsidiaries (or any  "related person" to Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries
within the meaning of  Treasury Regulations Section 1.368-1(e)(3)) to acquire
shares of Company  Common Stock prior to the Effective Time (such sum, the
"Aggregate Value"),  then Buyer shall reduce the number of shares of
outstanding Company Common  Stock entitled to receive the Cash Consideration
and correspondingly  increase the number of shares of Company Common Stock
entitled to receive  the Stock Consideration by the minimum amount necessary
to cause the Stock  Value to equal 40% of the Aggregate Value, provided, that
in no event shall  Buyer be required to issue in the Merger (either by
conversion of Company  Common Stock issued pursuant to the Merger or the
exercise of rights and  warrants issued pursuant to the Merger) aggregate
shares of Buyer Common  Stock in excess of 15.0% of the total number of
shares of Buyer Common  Stock outstanding immediately before the Merger.  
3.6 Exchange Procedures.   (a) On or before the Closing Date, for the
benefit of the holders of  Certificates, (i) Buyer shall reserve for issuance
a sufficient number of  shares of Buyer Common Stock and deliver, or shall
cause to be delivered,  to the Exchange Agent, for exchange in accordance
with this Article III,  certificates representing the shares of Buyer Common
Stock issuable  pursuant to this Article III ("New Certificates") and (ii)
Buyer shall  deliver, or shall cause to be delivered, to the Exchange Agent
an aggregate  amount of cash sufficient to pay the aggregate amount of cash
payable  pursuant to this Article III, (including the estimated amount of
cash to be  paid in lieu of fractional shares of Buyer Common Stock) (such
cash and New  Certificates, together with any dividends or distributions with
respect  thereto (without any interest thereon), being hereinafter referred
to as  the "Exchange Fund").   (b) As soon as practicable after the
Effective Time, and provided,  that the Company has delivered, or caused to
be delivered, to the Exchange  Agent all information which is necessary for
the Exchange Agent to perform  its obligations as specified herein, the
Exchange   12     Agent shall mail to each holder of record of a
Certificate or Certificates  who has not previously surrendered such
Certificate or Certificates with an  Election Form, a form of letter of
transmittal (which shall specify that  delivery shall be effected, and risk
of loss and title to the Certificates  shall pass, only upon delivery of the
Certificates to the Exchange Agent)  and instructions for use in effecting
the surrender of the Certificates in  exchange for the Merger Consideration
into which the shares of Company  Common Stock represented by such
Certificate or Certificates shall have  been converted pursuant to Sections
3.1 and 3.5 of this Agreement. Upon  proper surrender of a Certificate for
exchange and cancellation to the  Exchange Agent, together with a properly
completed letter of transmittal,  duly executed, the holder of such
Certificate shall be entitled to receive  in exchange therefor, as
applicable, (i) a New Certificate representing  that number of shares of
Buyer Common Stock (if any) to which such former  holder of Company Common
Stock shall have become entitled pursuant to this  Agreement, (ii) a check
representing that amount of cash (if any) to which  such former holder of
Company Common Stock shall have become entitled  pursuant to this Agreement
and/or (iii) a check representing the amount of  cash (if any) payable in
lieu of a fractional share of Buyer Common Stock  which such former holder
has the right to receive in respect of the  Certificate surrendered pursuant
to this Agreement, and the Certificate so  surrendered shall forthwith be
cancelled. Until surrendered as contemplated  by this Section 3.6(b), each
Certificate (other than Certificates  representing Treasury Stock or
Dissenting Shares) shall be deemed at any  time after the Effective Time to
represent only the right to receive upon  such surrender the Merger
Consideration provided in Sections 3.1 and 3.5  and any unpaid dividends and
distributions thereon as provided in paragraph  (c) of this Section 3.6. No
interest shall be paid or accrued on any cash  constituting Merger
Consideration (including any cash in lieu of fractional  shares) and any
unpaid dividends and distributions, if any, payable to  holders of
Certificates.   (c) No dividends or other distributions with a record date
after the  Effective Time with respect to Buyer Common Stock shall be paid to
the  holder of any unsurrendered Certificate until the holder thereof shall 
surrender such Certificate in accordance with this Section 3.6. After the 
surrender of a Certificate in accordance with this Section 3.6, the record 
holder thereof shall be entitled to receive any such dividends or other 
distributions, without any interest thereon, which theretofore had become 
payable with respect to shares of Buyer Common Stock represented by such 
Certificate.   (d) The Exchange Agent and Buyer, as the case may be, shall
not be  obligated to deliver cash and/or a New Certificate or New
Certificates  representing shares of Buyer Common Stock to which a holder of
Company  Common Stock would otherwise be entitled as a result of the Merger
until  such holder surrenders the Certificate or Certificates representing
the  shares of Company Common Stock for exchange as provided in this
Section  3.6, or, an appropriate affidavit of loss and indemnity agreement
and/or a  bond in an amount as may be required in each case by Buyer. If any
New  Certificates evidencing shares of Buyer Common Stock are to be issued in
a  name other than that in which the Certificate evidencing Company Common 
Stock surrendered in exchange therefor is registered, it shall be a 
condition of the issuance thereof that the Certificate so surrendered shall 
be properly endorsed or accompanied by an executed form of assignment 
separate from the Certificate and otherwise in proper form for transfer,  and
that the person requesting such exchange pay to the Exchange Agent any 
transfer or other tax required by reason of the issuance of a New 
Certificate for shares of Buyer Common Stock in any name other than that of 
the registered holder of the Certificate surrendered or   13    
otherwise establish to the satisfaction of the Exchange Agent that such tax 
has been paid or is not payable.   (e) Any portion of the Exchange Fund that
remains unclaimed by the  shareholders of the Company for six months after
the Effective Time (as  well as any proceeds from any investment thereof)
shall be delivered by the  Exchange Agent to Buyer. Any shareholders of the
Company who have not  theretofore complied with Section 3.6(a) shall
thereafter look only to  Buyer for the Merger Consideration deliverable in
respect of each share of  Company Common Stock such shareholder holds as
determined pursuant to this  Agreement, in each case without any interest
thereon. If outstanding  Certificates for shares of Company Common Stock are
not surrendered or the  payment for them is not claimed prior to the date on
which such shares of  Buyer Common Stock or cash would otherwise escheat to
or become the  property of any governmental unit or agency, the unclaimed
items shall, to  the extent permitted by abandoned property and any other
applicable law,  become the property of Buyer (and to the extent not in its
possession shall  be delivered to it), free and clear of all claims or
interest of any Person  previously entitled to such property. Neither the
Exchange Agent nor any  party to this Agreement shall be liable to any holder
of stock represented  by any Certificate for any consideration paid to a
public official pursuant  to applicable abandoned property, escheat or
similar laws. Buyer and the  Exchange Agent shall be entitled to rely upon
the stock transfer books of  the Company to establish the identity of those
persons entitled to receive  the Merger Consideration specified in this
Agreement, which books shall be  conclusive with respect thereto. In the
event of a dispute with respect to  ownership of stock represented by any
Certificate, Buyer and the Exchange  Agent shall be entitled to deposit any
Merger Consideration represented  thereby in escrow with an independent third
party and thereafter be  relieved with respect to any claims thereto.   (f)
Buyer (through the Exchange Agent, if applicable) shall be  entitled to
deduct and withhold from any amounts otherwise payable pursuant  to this
Agreement to any holder of shares of Company Common Stock such  amounts as
Buyer is required to deduct and withhold under applicable law.  Any amounts
so withheld shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement  as having
been paid to the holder of Company Common Stock in respect of  which such
deduction and withholding was made by Buyer.   3.7 Anti-Dilution Provisions.
In the event Buyer or the Company changes (or establishes a record date for
changing) the number of, or provides for the exchange of, shares of Buyer
Common Stock or Company Common Stock issued and outstanding prior to the
Effective Date as a result of a stock split, stock dividend,
recapitalization, reclassification, or similar transaction with respect to
the outstanding Buyer Common Stock or Company Common Stock and the record
date therefor shall be prior to the Effective Date, the Exchange Ratio shall
be proportionately and appropriately adjusted; provided, that no
such adjustment shall be made with regard to Buyer Common Stock if Buyer
issues additional shares of Buyer Common Stock and receives consideration for
such shares in a bona fide third party transaction.   3.8 Options. Prior to
and effective as of the Effective Time and subject to the provisions of the
Company Stock Option Plans, the Company shall take all actions necessary to
terminate the Company Stock Option Plans and shall provide written notice to
each holder of a then outstanding stock option to purchase shares of Company
Common Stock pursuant to the Company Stock Option Plans (each, a "Company
Stock Option") that such Company Stock   14    Option shall be, as of
the date of such notice, exercisable in full in accordance with its terms and
that, if such Company Stock Option is not exercised or otherwise terminated
before the Effective Time, such holder shall be entitled, subject to the
terms of the applicable Company Stock Option Plan, to receive in cancellation
of such Company Stock Option, immediately prior to the Effective Time, a cash
payment from the Company in an amount equal to the product of (x) the number
of shares of Company Common Stock provided for in such Company Stock Option
and (y) the excess, if any, of the Cash Consideration over the exercise price
per share provided for in such Company Stock Option, which cash payment shall
be treated as compensation and shall be net of any applicable federal or
state withholding tax. The Company agrees to use its best efforts to obtain
prior to the Effective Time from each holder of a Company Stock Option
a written agreement that such holder\'s options will be treated as set forth
in the preceding sentence, provided, however, no such agreement need be
obtained with respect to "incentive" stock options which such holder has
exercised no later than five days prior to the Effective Time and has elected
to receive in exchange for the Buyer Common Stock received upon the exercise
of such options the Stock Consideration. The Company shall be permitted to
take such actions as may be necessary to accelerate the vesting of such
incentive stock options to permit such exercise.   ARTICLE IV - COVENANTS
RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS   4.1 Company Forbearances. From the date
hereof until the Effective Time, except as set forth in the Company
Disclosure Schedule or as expressly contemplated by this Agreement, without
the prior written consent of Buyer, the Company will not, and will cause its
Subsidiaries not to:   (a) Ordinary Course. Conduct its business other than
in the ordinary  and usual course consistent with past practice or, fail to
use reasonable  efforts to preserve intact its business organizations and
assets and  maintain its rights, franchises and existing relations with
customers,  suppliers, employees and business associates, or take any action
that would  (i) adversely affect the ability of any party to obtain any
necessary  approval of any Regulatory Authority required for the
transactions  contemplated hereby or (ii) adversely affect its ability to
perform any of  its material obligations under this Agreement.   (b) Stock.
(i) Other than pursuant to Rights or other stock options or  stock-based
awards outstanding as of the date hereof and listed on the  Company
Disclosure Schedule, issue, sell or otherwise permit to become  outstanding,
or authorize the creation of, any additional shares of stock,  any securities
(including units of beneficial ownership interest in any  partnership or
limited liability company) convertible into or exchangeable  for any
additional shares of stock, stock appreciation rights or any  Rights, any
stock appreciation rights or any Rights or take any action  related to such
issuance or sale, (ii) enter into any agreement with  respect to the
foregoing, (iii) permit any additional shares of stock, any  securities
(including units of beneficial ownership interest in any  partnership or
limited liability company) convertible into or exchangeable  for any
additional shares of stock, stock appreciation rights or any  Rights, any
stock appreciation rights or any Rights to become subject to  new grants of
employee stock options, stock appreciation rights, or similar  stock-based
employee rights, or accelerate the vesting of any existing such  stock
options, stock appreciation rights or other stock-based employee  rights, or
(iv) change (or establish a record date for changing) the number  of, or
provide for the exchange of, shares of its stock, any securities  (including
units of beneficial ownership   15     interest in any partnership or
limited liability company) convertible into  or exchangeable for any
additional shares of stock, stock appreciation  rights or any Rights, any
stock appreciation rights or any Rights issued  and outstanding prior to the
Effective Date as a result of a stock split,  stock dividend,
recapitalization, reclassification, reorganization or  similar transaction
with respect to its outstanding stock or any other such  securities.   (c)
Dividends, Etc. (i) Make, declare or pay any dividend on or in  respect of,
or declare or make any distribution on, any shares of Company  Common Stock
other than (A) regular quarterly cash dividends on Company  Common Stock in
an amount not to exceed the rate payable on such Company  Common Stock as of
the date hereof, and (B) dividends from wholly-owned  Subsidiaries to the
Company or any wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,  as applicable or (ii)
directly or indirectly combine, redeem, reclassify,  purchase or otherwise
acquire, any shares of its stock.   (d) Compensation; Employment Agreements;
Etc. Enter into or amend any  written employment, severance or similar
agreements or arrangements with  any of its directors, officers, employees or
consultants, or grant any  salary or wage increase, or increase any employee
benefit (including  incentive or bonus payments), except for (i) normal
increases in  compensation to employees in the ordinary course of business
consistent  with past practice, provided, that all such increases in the
aggregate  shall not exceed 4% of the Company\'s current annual compensation,
or in the  case of an individual, 8% of such individual\'s current annual
compensation  or (ii) as may be required by law or (iii) to satisfy
contractual  obligations existing as of the date hereof or as otherwise
disclosed on  Schedules 4.1(e) and 5.3(n) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule.   (e) Benefit Plans. Except as may be required by (i) applicable
law,  (ii) to satisfy contractual obligations existing as of the date hereof
and  disclosed on Schedule 5.3(n) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, enter 
into, establish, adopt or amend any pension, retirement, stock option,  stock
purchase, savings, profit sharing, deferred compensation, consulting,  bonus,
group insurance or other employee benefit, incentive or welfare  contract,
plan or arrangement, or any trust agreement related thereto, in  respect of
any director, officer or other employee of the Company or any of  its
Subsidiaries, including taking any action that accelerates the vesting  or
exercise of any benefits payable thereunder except as disclosed on  Schedule
4.1(e) of the Company Disclosure Schedule.   (f) Dispositions. Sell,
transfer, mortgage, encumber or otherwise  dispose of or discontinue any of
its assets, deposits, business or  properties except in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past  practice and in a transaction that,
together with all other such  transactions, is not material to the Company
and its Subsidiaries taken as  a whole.   (g) Governing Documents. Amend
its articles of incorporation or bylaws  (or equivalent documents).   (h)
Acquisitions. Acquire (other than by way of foreclosures or  acquisitions of
control in a bona fide fiduciary capacity or in  satisfaction of debts
previously contracted in good faith, in each case in  the ordinary and usual
course of business consistent with past practice)  all or any portion of the
assets, business, deposits or properties of any  other entity.   16    
(i) Capital Expenditures. Make any capital expenditures other than  capital
expenditures in the ordinary course of business consistent with  past
practice in amounts not exceeding $100,000 individually or $500,000 in  the
aggregate.   (j) Contracts. Except in the ordinary course of business
consistent  with past practice or as otherwise permitted under this Section
4.1, enter  into or terminate any Company Material Contract or amend or
modify in any  material respect any of its existing Company Material
Contracts.   (k) Claims. Enter into any settlement or similar agreement
with  respect to any action, suit, proceeding, order or investigation to
which  the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or becomes a party after the
date  of this Agreement, which settlement, agreement or action involves
payment  by the Company and any of its Subsidiaries of an amount which
exceeds  $100,000 and/or would impose any material restriction on the
business of  the Company or create precedent for claims that are reasonably
likely to be  material to the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a
whole.   (l) Banking Operations. Enter into any new material line of
business;  change its material lending, investment, underwriting, risk and
asset  liability management and other material banking and operating
policies,  except as required by applicable law, regulation or policies
imposed by any  Regulatory Authority; or file any application or make any
contract with  respect to branching or site location or branching or site
relocation.   (m) Derivatives Contracts. Enter into any derivatives
contract, except  in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice.   (n) Indebtedness. Incur any indebtedness for borrowed money
(other  than deposits, federal funds purchased, federal home loan bank
advances,  and securities sold under agreements to repurchase, in each case
in the  ordinary course of business consistent with past practice) or
assume,  guarantee, endorse or otherwise as an accommodation become
responsible for  the obligations of any other Person, other than in the
ordinary course of  business consistent with past practice.   (o)
Investment Securities. Acquire (other than by way of foreclosures  or
acquisitions in a bona fide fiduciary capacity or in satisfaction of  debts
previously contracted in good faith, in each case in the ordinary  course of
business consistent with past practice) (i) any debt security or  equity
investment of a type or in an amount that is not permissible for a  national
bank or (ii) any other debt security other than in the ordinary  course of
business consistent with past practice.   (p) Loans. Make any loan, loan
commitment, letter of credit or other  extension of credit other than in the
ordinary course of business  consistent with past practice.   (q)
Investments in Real Estate. Make any investment or commitment to  invest in
real estate or in any real estate development project (other than  by way of
foreclosure or acquisitions in a bona fide fiduciary capacity or  in
satisfaction of a debt previously contracted in good faith, in each case  in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice).   17    
(r) Accounting Methods. Implement or adopt any change in its  accounting
principles, practices or methods, other than as may be required  by changes
in laws or regulations by GAAP.   (s) Loan Policies. Change its loan
policies or procedures in effect as  of the date hereof, except as required
by any Regulatory Authority.   (t) Adverse Actions. (i) Knowingly take any
action that would, or  would be reasonably likely to, prevent or impede the
Merger from qualifying  as a reorganization within the meaning of Section
368(a) of the Code; or  (ii) knowingly take any action that is intended or is
reasonably likely to  result in (x) any of its representations and warranties
set forth in this  Agreement being or becoming untrue in any material respect
at any time  prior to the Effective Time, (y) any of the conditions to the
Merger set  forth in Article VII not being satisfied, or (z) a material
violation of  any provision of this Agreement, except, in each case, as may
be required  by applicable law.   (u) Settlement of Claims. Settle any
material claim, action or  proceeding, except after obtaining the prior
written consent of Buyer.   (v) Agreements. Agree or commit to do anything
prohibited by this  Section 5.1.   4.2 Buyer Forbearances. From the date
hereof until the Effective Time, except as set forth in the Buyer Disclosure
Schedule or as expressly contemplated by this Agreement, without the prior
written consent of the Company, Buyer will not, and will cause each of its
Subsidiaries not to knowingly take any action that would, or would be
reasonably likely to, (i) prevent or impede the Merger from qualifying as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code; or (ii)
knowingly take any action that is intended or is reasonably likely to result
in (x) any of its representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement
being or becoming untrue in any material respect at any time prior to the
Effective Time, (y) any of the conditions to the Merger set forth in Article
VII not being satisfied, or (z) a material violation of any provision of this
Agreement, except, in each case, as may be required by applicable law.  
ARTICLE V - REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES   5.1 Disclosure Schedules. On or
prior to the date hereof, Buyer has delivered to the Company a schedule (the
"Buyer Disclosure Schedule") and the Company has delivered to Buyer a
schedule (the "Company Disclosure Schedule and together with the Buyer
Disclosure Schedule, sometimes referred to herein as "Disclosure Schedule")
listing, among other things, items the disclosure of which is necessary or
appropriate in relation to any or all of its representations and warranties;
provided, however, that (i) no such item is required to be set forth on a
Disclosure Schedule as an exception to a representation or warranty if its
absence is not reasonably likely to result in the related representation or
warranty being deemed untrue or incorrect under the standards established by
Section 5.2, and (ii) the mere inclusion of an item on a Disclosure Schedule
shall not be deemed an admission by a party that such item represents a
material exception or fact, event or circumstance or that such item is
reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect. For purposes of the
Disclosure Schedules, any item disclosed on any schedule therein shall
be deemed to be fully disclosed with respect to all schedules under  
18    which such item may be relevant as and to the extent it is
reasonably clear on the face of such Disclosure Schedule that such item
applies to such other schedule.   5.2 Standard. No representation or
warranty of the Company contained in Section 5.3 or Buyer contained in
Section 5.4 shall be deemed untrue or incorrect, and no party hereto shall be
deemed to have breached a representation or warranty, as a consequence of the
existence of any fact, circumstance or event unless such fact, circumstance
or event, individually or taken together with all other facts, circumstances
or events inconsistent with any paragraph of Sections 5.3 and 5.4, has had or
is reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; provided, however,
that the foregoing standard shall not apply to representations and warranties
contained in subsections (b), (c), (d) and (e) of Sections 5.3 and 5.4 and
subsection (n)(viii) of Section 5.3, which shall be deemed untrue, incorrect
and breached if they are not true and correct in all material respects.  
5.3 Representations and Warranties of the Company. Subject to Sections
5.1 and 5.2 and except as disclosed on the Company Disclosure Schedule, the
Company hereby represents and warrants to Buyer:   (a) Organization,
Standing and Authority. The Company is a corporation  duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the  State of New Hampshire.
The Company is duly registered as a bank holding  company under the BHCA and
the regulations of the FRB thereunder. The  Company is duly qualified to do
business and is in good standing in the  jurisdictions where its ownership or
leasing of property or the conduct of  its business requires it to be so
qualified. The Company has in effect all  federal, state, local, and foreign
governmental authorizations necessary  for it to own or lease its properties
and assets and to carry on its  business as it is now being conducted.  
(b) Capitalization.   (i) As of the date hereof, the authorized stock of the
Company  consists solely of 12,500,000 shares of Company Common Stock, of 
which, as of the date hereof, 5,190,253 shares were outstanding;  1,599,329
shares of Company Common Stock are directly or indirectly  held by the
Company as treasury stock; and 7,500,000 shares of  preferred stock, par
value $1.00 per share, none of which are  outstanding. In addition, as of the
date hereof, there are 430,572  shares of Company Common Stock reserved for
issuance upon exercise of  outstanding Company Stock Options. The outstanding
shares of the  Company\'s capital stock are validly issued, fully paid and 
nonassessable with no personal liability attaching to the ownership  thereof,
and subject to no preemptive or similar rights (and were not  issued in
violation of any preemptive or similar rights). As of the  date hereof, there
are no shares of the Company\'s capital stock  authorized and reserved for
issuance, the Company does not have any  Rights issued or outstanding with
respect to its capital stock, and  the Company does not have, and is not
bound, by any commitment to  authorize, issue or sell any such shares or
Rights, except pursuant to  this Agreement and as disclosed on Schedule
5.3(b) of the Company  Disclosure Schedule.   (ii) Except as set forth on
Schedule 5.3(b) of the Company  Disclosure Schedule, there are no outstanding
contractual obligations  of the Company to   19     repurchase, redeem
or otherwise acquire any shares of capital stock  of, or other equity
interests in, the Company or to provide funds to,  or make any investment (in
the form of a loan, capital contribution or  otherwise) in, any Subsidiary of
the Company.   (iii) Schedule 5.3(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
sets  forth as of the date hereof for each Company Stock Option, the name
of  the grantee, the type of grant, the status of the option grant as 
qualified or non-qualified under Section 422 of the Code, the number  of
shares of Company Common Stock subject to each option, the vesting  schedule
of each option, the number of shares of Company Common Stock  that are
currently exercisable and the exercise price per share.   (c)
Subsidiaries.   (i) (A) Schedule 5.3(c) of the Company\'s Disclosure
Schedule sets  forth a true and complete list of all of the Company\'s
Subsidiaries,  (B) the Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the
issued and  outstanding equity securities of each Subsidiary, (C) no equity 
securities of any of its Subsidiaries are or may become required to be 
issued (other than to the Company) by reason of any Right or  otherwise, (D)
there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or  arrangements by which
any of such Subsidiaries is or may be bound to  sell or otherwise transfer
any shares of its equity securities (other  than to the Company or a wholly-
owned Subsidiary of it), (E) there are  no contracts, commitments,
understandings, or arrangements relating to  the Company\'s rights to vote or
to dispose of such securities and (F)  all of the equity of each such
Subsidiary held by the Company are  fully paid and nonassessable, not subject
to preemptive or similar  rights and are owned by the Company free and clear
of any Liens.   (ii) The Company does not own (other than in a bona fide 
fiduciary capacity or in satisfaction of a debt previously contracted) 
beneficially, directly or indirectly, any shares of any equity  securities or
similar interests of any person, or any interest in a  partnership or joint
venture of any kind.   (iii) Each of the Company\'s Subsidiaries has been
duly organized  and qualified under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
organization  and is duly qualified to do business and in good standing in
the  jurisdictions where its ownership or leasing of property or the 
conduct of its business requires it to be so qualified.   (d) Corporate
Power. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has the  corporate power and
authority to carry on its business as it is now being  conducted and to own
all its properties and assets; and the Company has the  corporate power and
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and  perform its obligations
under this Agreement and to consummate the  transactions contemplated
hereby.   (e) Corporate Authority. This Agreement and the transactions 
contemplated hereby, subject to approval by the holders of a majority of  the
shares of Company Common Stock entitled to vote thereon, have been 
authorized by all necessary corporate action of the Company and the Board  of
Directors of the Company (the "Company Board") on or prior to the date 
hereof.   20     The Company has duly executed and delivered this
Agreement and, assuming  the due authorization, execution and delivery by
Buyer, this Agreement is a  legal, valid and binding agreement of the
Company, enforceable in  accordance with its terms (except as such
enforceability may be limited by  applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent  transfer and similar laws of general
applicability relating to or affecting  creditors\' rights or by general
principles of equity).   (f) No Defaults. Subject to the receipt of
Regulatory Approvals, and  expiration of waiting periods referred to in
Section 7.2, if any, and the  required filings under federal and state
securities laws, the execution,  delivery and performance of this Agreement
and the consummation of the  transactions contemplated hereby (including,
without limitation, the Merger  and Bank Merger) by the Company do not and
will not (i) constitute a breach  or violation of, or a default under, any
law, rule or regulation or any  judgment, decree, order, permit, license,
credit agreement, indenture,  loan, note, bond, mortgage, reciprocal easement
agreement, lease,  instrument, concession, franchise or other agreement of
the Company or any  of its Subsidiaries or to which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries,  properties or assets is subject or bound, (ii) constitute a
breach or  violation of, or a default under, the Company\'s articles of
incorporation  or bylaws, or (iii) require the consent or approval of any
third party or  Governmental Authority under any such law, rule, regulation,
judgment,  decree, order, permit, license, credit agreement, indenture, loan,
note,  bond, mortgage, reciprocal easement agreement, lease, instrument, 
concession, franchise or other agreement.   (g) SEC Documents; Financial
Reports; and Regulatory Reports.   (i) The Company\'s Annual Report on Form
10-K, as amended through  the date hereof, for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2001 (the  "Company 2001 Form 10-K"), and all other reports,
registration  statements, definitive proxy statements or information
statements  required to be filed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries 
subsequent to December 31, 1996 under the Securities Act, or under  Sections
13(a), 13(c), 14 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act (collectively,  "Company SEC
Documents"), with the SEC, and all of the Company SEC  Documents filed with
the SEC, in the form filed or to be filed, (A)  complied or will comply in
all respects as to form with the applicable  requirements under the
Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as the case  may be, and (B) did not and
will not contain any untrue statement of a  material fact or omit to state a
material fact required to be stated  therein or necessary to make the
statements made therein, in light of  the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading; and each  of the balance sheets contained in or
incorporated by reference into  any such Company SEC Document (including the
related notes and  schedules thereto) fairly presents and will fairly present
the  financial position of the entity or entities to which such balance 
sheet relates as of its date, and each of the statements of income and 
changes in shareholders\' equity and cash flows or equivalent  statements in
such Company SEC Documents (including any related notes  and schedules
thereto) fairly presents and will fairly present the  results of operations,
changes in shareholders\' equity and changes in  cash flows, as the case may
be, of the entity or entities to which  such statement relates for the
periods to which it relates, in each  case in accordance with GAAP
consistently applied during the periods  involved, except in each case as may
be noted therein, subject   21     to normal year-end audit adjustments
in the case of unaudited  statements. Except for those liabilities that are
fully reflected or  reserved against in the most recent consolidated balance
sheet of the  Company and any of its Subsidiaries (the "Company Balance
Sheet")  contained in the Company 2001 Form 10-K and, except for
liabilities  reflected in Company SEC Documents filed prior to the date
hereof or  incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past 
practices or in connection with this Agreement, since December 31,  2001,
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any  liabilities or
obligations of any nature (whether accrued, absolute,  contingent or
otherwise) that, either alone or where combined with all  similar
liabilities, has had or could have a Material Adverse Effect  on the
Company.   (ii) Since December 31, 1996, the Company has duly filed with
the  FRB, the FDIC, the New Hampshire Bank Commissioner and any other 
applicable Regulatory Authority, in correct form the reports required  to be
filed under applicable laws and regulations and such reports  were in all
respects complete and accurate in compliance with the  requirements of
applicable laws and regulations. In connection with  the most recent
examinations of it by the FRB, the FDIC, the New  Hampshire Bank Commissioner
or any other applicable Regulatory  Authority, the Company was not required
to correct or change any  action, procedure or proceeding which it believes
has not been  corrected or changed as required.   (h) Articles of
Incorporation; Bylaws; Corporate Records. The Company  has made available to
Buyer a complete and correct copy of the articles of  incorporation and the
bylaws or equivalent organizational documents, each  as amended to date, of
the Company and each of its Subsidiaries. Such  articles of incorporation and
bylaws are in final form and effect. The  minute books of the Company and
each of its Subsidiaries contain true and  complete records of all meetings
held or true and complete records of all  other corporate actions of their
respective shareholders and boards of  directors (including committees of
their respective boards of directors).   (i) Litigation; Regulatory
Action.   (i) No litigation, claim or other proceeding before any court or 
governmental agency is pending against the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries, and, to the best knowledge of the Company, no  litigation,
claim or proceeding has been threatened and there are no  facts which could
reasonably give rise to such litigation, claim or  other proceeding.   (ii)
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any of  their respective
properties is a party to or is subject to any order,  decree, agreement,
memorandum of understanding or similar arrangement  with, or a commitment
letter or similar submission to, any federal or  state governmental agency or
authority charged with the supervision or  regulation of financial
institutions or issuers of securities or  engaged in the insurance of
deposits (including, without limitation,  the FRB, the FDIC, and the New
Hampshire Bank Commissioner) or the  supervision or regulation of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries  (each   22     individually a "Regulatory
Authority," and collectively, the  "Regulatory Authorities").   (iii)
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, has been  advised by a
Regulatory Authority that it will issue, or is aware of  any facts which
could give rise to the issuance by any Regulatory  Authority or is aware that
such Regulatory Authority is contemplating  issuing or requesting (or is
considering the appropriateness of  issuing or requesting) any such order,
decree, agreement, memorandum  of understanding, commitment letter or similar
submission.   (j) Compliance with Laws. Each of the Company and its
Subsidiaries:   (i) is in compliance with all applicable federal, state,
local  and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules,
judgments,  orders or decrees applicable thereto or to the employees
conducting  their businesses, including, without limitation, the Equal
Credit  Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Community Reinvestment
Act,  the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act and all other applicable fair
lending  laws and other laws relating to discriminatory business
practices;   (ii) has all permits, licenses, authorizations, orders and 
approvals of, and has made all filings, applications and registrations  with,
all Regulatory Authorities that are required in order to permit  them to own
or lease their properties and to conduct their businesses  as presently
conducted; all such permits, licenses, certificates of  authority, orders and
approvals are in full force and effect and, to  the best knowledge of the
Company, no suspension or cancellation of  any of them is threatened; and  
(iii) has received, since December 31, 1996, no notification or 
communication from any Regulatory Authority (A) asserting that the  Company
or any of its Subsidiaries is not in compliance with any of  the statutes,
regulations, or ordinances which such Regulatory  Authority enforces, (B)
threatening to revoke any license, franchise,  permit, or governmental
authorization, (C) threatening or  contemplating revocation or limitation of,
or which would have the  effect of revoking or limiting, federal deposit
insurance (nor, to the  best knowledge of the Company, do any grounds for any
of the foregoing  exist) or (D) failing to approve any proposed acquisition,
or stating  its intention not to approve acquisitions, proposed to be
effected by  the Company within a certain time period or indefinitely.  
(k) Contractual Defaults. Neither the Company nor any of its  Subsidiaries is
in default under any contract, agreement, commitment,  arrangement, lease,
insurance policy, or other instrument to which it is a  party, by which its
assets, business, or operations may be bound or  affected, or under which it
or its respective assets, business, or  operations receives benefits, and
there has not occurred any event that,  with the lapse of time or the giving
of notice or both, would constitute  such a default.   (l) No Brokers. No
action has been taken by the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries that would
give rise to any valid claim against the Company  for a brokerage  
23     commission, finder\'s fee or other like payment with respect to
the  transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except for the fees payable
to  Sandler O\'Neill and Partners, L.P. and Keefe, Bruyette and Woods, Inc. 
disclosed on Schedule 5.3(l) of the Company Disclosure Schedule.   (m)
Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Except as disclosed in the  Company\'s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31,  2002, in the
Company\'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended  June 30,
2002, in the Company\'s Proxy Statement filed with respect to its  2002
Annual Meeting of shareholders, in the Company 2001 Form 10-K, or as 
otherwise expressly permitted or expressly contemplated by this Agreement, 
since December 31, 2001, the Company and its Subsidiaries have not incurred 
any liability or obligation of any nature (whether accrued, absolute, 
contingent or otherwise and whether due or to become due), except in the 
ordinary course of their business consistent with their past practices, nor 
has there been (i) any change in the business, assets, liabilities, 
condition (financial or otherwise), or results of operations of the Company 
or any of its Subsidiaries which has had, or is reasonably likely to have, 
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company 
or any of its Subsidiaries, and to the best knowledge of the Company, no 
fact or condition exists which is reasonably likely to cause such a  Material
Adverse Effect in the future, (ii) any change by the Company or  any of its
Subsidiaries in its accounting methods, principles or practices,  other than
changes required by applicable law or GAAP or regulatory  accounting as
concurred in by the Company\'s independent accountants, (iii)  any entry by
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries into any contract or  commitment of
(A) more than $200,000 or (B) $50,000 per annum with a term  of more than one
year, other than loans and loan commitments in the  ordinary course of
business, (iv) any declaration, setting aside or payment  of any dividend or
distribution in respect of any capital stock of the  Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or any redemption, purchase or other  acquisition of any of its
securities, other than in the ordinary course of  business consistent with
past practice, (v) any increase in or  establishment of any bonus, insurance,
severance, deferred compensation,  pension, retirement, profit sharing, stock
option (including without  limitation, the granting of stock options, stock
appreciation rights,  performance awards, or restricted stock awards), stock
purchase or other  employee benefit plan, or any other increase in the
compensation payable or  to become payable to any directors, officers or
employees of the Company or  any of its Subsidiaries, or any grant of
severance or termination pay, or  any contract or arrangement entered into to
make or grant any severance or  termination pay, any payment of any bonus, or
the taking of any action not  in the ordinary course of business with respect
to the compensation or  employment of directors, officers or employees of the
Company or any of its  Subsidiaries, (vi) any material election made by the
Company or any of its  Subsidiaries for federal or state income tax purposes,
(vii) any material  change in the credit policies or procedures of the
Company or any of its  Subsidiaries, the effect of which was or is to make
any such policy or  procedure less restrictive in any respect, (viii) any
material acquisition  or disposition of any assets or properties, or any
contract for any such  acquisition or disposition entered into other than
loans and loan  commitments, or (ix) any material lease of real or personal
property  entered into, other than in connection with foreclosed property or
in the  ordinary course of business consistent with past practice.   (n)
Employee Benefit Plans.   (i) Schedule 5.3(n) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule contains a  true and complete list of all bonus, vacation, deferred
compensation,  pension, retirement, profit-sharing, thrift, savings, employee
stock  ownership, stock bonus,   24     stock purchase, restricted
stock and stock option plans, all  employment or severance contracts, all
medical, dental, disability,  health, split-dollar, and life insurance plans
or arrangements, all  other employee benefit and fringe benefit plans,
contracts or  arrangements and any applicable "change of control" or
similar  provisions in any plan, contract or arrangement maintained by the 
Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any entity which is considered one 
employer with the Company under Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA or  Section 414
of the Code (an "ERISA Affiliate"), for the benefit of  officers, former
officers, employees, former employees, directors,  former directors, or the
beneficiaries of any of the foregoing  (collectively, the "Company
Compensation and Benefit Plans").   (ii) True and complete copies of the
Company Compensation and  Benefit Plans (as amended to date) along with the
following have been  delivered to Buyer: (A) the most recent IRS
determination or approval  letter with respect to such Company Compensation
and Benefit Plans  under Code Section 401(a) or 501(c)(9), and any
applications for  determination or approval subsequently filed with the IRS;
(B) the  three most recently filed IRS Forms 5500, with all applicable 
schedules and accountants\' opinions attached thereto; (C) the three  most
recent actuarial valuation reports completed with respect to such  Company
Compensation and Benefit Plans; (D) the summary plan  description for such
Company Compensation and Benefit Plans, (or other  descriptions of such
Company Compensation and Benefit Plans provided  to employees) and all
modifications thereto; (E) any insurance policy  (including any fiduciary
liability insurance policy or fidelity bond)  related to such Company
Compensation and Benefit Plans; (F) any  registration statement or other
filing made pursuant to any federal or  state securities law and (G) all
correspondence to and from any state  or federal agency within the last three
years with respect to such  Company Compensation and Benefit Plans.   (iii)
Each of the Company Compensation and Benefit Plans has been  administered in
accordance with the terms thereof and applicable law.  All of the Company
Compensation and Benefit Plans which are "employee  benefit plans" within the
meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, (other  than "multiemployer plans" within
the meaning of Section 3(37) of  ERISA ("Multiemployer Plans")), (the
"Company Plans"), to the extent  subject to ERISA, are in compliance with
ERISA, the Code and all other  applicable laws and there has been no
"prohibited transaction" as  defined in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975
of the Code. Each of  the Company Compensation and Benefit Plans which is an
"employee  pension benefit plan" within the meaning of Section 3(2) of
ERISA  ("Company Pension Plan") and which is intended to be qualified under 
Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination  letter
from the IRS regarding its qualification and has, in fact, been  qualified
under Section 401(a) from the effective date of such Company  Pension Plan
through and including the Closing. There is no pending  or, to the best
knowledge of the Company, threatened litigation or  governmental audit,
examination or investigation relating to any of  the Company Compensation and
Benefit Plans. Each asset held under any  such Company Pension Plan may be
liquidated or terminated without the  imposition of any redemption fee,
surrender charge or comparable  liability. No partial   25    
termination (within the meaning of Section 411(d)(3) of the Code) has 
occurred with respect to any Company Pension Plan.   (iv) No liability under
Title IV of ERISA has been or is expected  to be incurred by the Company with
respect to any ongoing, frozen or  terminated "single-employer plan," within
the meaning of Section  4001(a)(15) of ERISA, or the single-employer plan of
any ERISA  Affiliate. None of the Company, its Subsidiaries or any ERISA 
Affiliate has ever maintained a Multiemployer Plan. No notice of a 
"reportable event," within the meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA for  which
the 30-day reporting requirement has not been waived, has been  required to
be filed for any Company Pension Plan or by any ERISA  Affiliate or will be
required to be filed as a result of the  transactions contemplated
hereby.   (v) All contributions, premiums and payments required to be made 
under the terms of any Company Compensation and Benefit Plan have been 
timely made or have been accrued on the balance sheets contained in  the
Company SEC Documents. Neither any Company Pension Plan nor any of  the ERISA
Affiliates has an "accumulated funding deficiency" (whether  or not waived)
within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or  Section 302 of ERISA.
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries  or ERISA Affiliates has
provided, or is required to provide, security  to any Company Pension Plan or
to any single-employer plan of an ERISA  Affiliate pursuant to Section
401(a)(29) of the Code.   (vi) Under each Company Pension Plan, as of the
last day of the  most recent plan year ended prior to the date hereof, the
projected  benefit obligations (as determined in accordance with Financial 
Accounting Standard No. 87) did not exceed the then current value of  the
assets of such Plan, and, except as disclosed on Schedule 5.3(n)  of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, there has been no adverse change  in the
financial condition of such Plan (with respect to either assets  or benefits)
since the last day of the most recent Plan year.   (vii) The Company does
not have any obligations under any Company  Compensation and Benefit Plans to
provide benefits, including death or  medical benefits, with respect to
employees of the Company or any of  its Subsidiaries beyond their retirement
or other termination of  service other than (A) coverage mandated by Part 6
of Title I of ERISA  or Section 4980B of the Code, (B) retirement or death
benefits under  any Company Pension Plan, (C) disability benefits under any
employee  welfare plan that have been fully provided for by insurance or 
otherwise, (D) benefits in the nature of severance pay or (E) benefits  the
full cost of which are borne by the former employee or such  employee\'s
beneficiary.   (viii) Except as disclosed on Schedule 5.3(n) of the
Company  Disclosure Schedule, neither the execution and delivery of this 
Agreement nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby  will
(A) result in any payment (including severance, unemployment  compensation,
golden parachute or otherwise) becoming due to any  director, officer, or any
employee of the   26     Company or any of its Subsidiaries under any
Company Compensation and  Benefit Plans or otherwise from the Company or any
ERISA Affiliate,  (B) increase any benefits otherwise payable under any
Company  Compensation and Benefit Plans or (C) result in any acceleration
of  the time of payment or vesting of any such benefit.   (ix) The Company
Compensation and Benefit Plans may be amended,  terminated, or otherwise
modified by the Company or an ERISA Affiliate  to the greatest extent
permitted by applicable law, including the  elimination of any and all future
benefit accruals under any Company  Compensation and Benefit Plan and no
employee communications or  provision of any Company Compensation and Benefit
Plan document has  failed to effectively reserve the right of the Company or
its ERISA  Affiliates, to so amend, terminate or otherwise modify such
Company  Compensation and Benefit Plans.   (x) For purposes of this Section
5.3(n), an entity "maintains"  Company Compensation and Benefit Plans if such
entity sponsors,  contributes to, or provides benefits under or through such
Company  Compensation and Benefit Plans, or has any obligation (by agreement
or  under applicable law) to contribute to or provide benefits under or 
through such Company Compensation and Benefit Plans, or if such  Company
Compensation and Benefit Plans provide benefits to or  otherwise cover
current or former employees or directors of such  entity (or their spouses,
dependents, or beneficiaries).   (o) Labor Matters. Neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries is  a party to, or bound by any collective bargaining
agreement, contract or  other agreement or understanding with a labor union
or labor organization,  nor is the Company or any of its Subsidiaries the
subject of a proceeding  asserting that the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries has committed an  unfair labor practice (within the meaning of
the National Labor Relations  Act) or seeking to compel the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries to bargain  with any labor organization as to wages and
conditions of employment. No  work stoppage involving the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries is pending,  or to the best knowledge of the Company\'s
management, threatened. Neither  the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is
involved in, or, to the best  knowledge of the Company\'s management,
threatened with or affected by, any  dispute, arbitration, lawsuit or
administrative proceeding relating to  labor or employment matters that might
reasonably be expected to interfere  in any respect with the respective
business activities represented by any  labor union, and to the best
knowledge of the Company\'s management, no  labor union is attempting to
organize employees of the Company or any of  its Subsidiaries.   (p)
Takeover Laws. The Company has taken all action required to be  taken by it
in order to exempt this Agreement and the transactions  contemplated hereby
from, and this Agreement and the transactions  contemplated hereby are exempt
from, the requirements of any "moratorium,"  "business combination," "control
share," "fair price" or other takeover  defense laws and regulations
(collectively, "Takeover Laws"), if any, of  the State of New Hampshire.  
(q) Insurance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is insured,  and
during each of the past three calendar years has been insured, for 
reasonable amounts with financially sound and reputable insurance companies 
against such risks as companies engaged in   27     a similar business
would, in accordance with good business practice  customarily be insured and
has maintained all insurance required by  applicable laws and regulations.
Schedule 5.3(q) of the Company Disclosure  Schedule lists all insurance
policies maintained by the Company and each of  its Subsidiaries as of the
date hereof. All of the policies and bonds  maintained by the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries are in full force and  effect and all claims thereunder
have been filed in a due and timely manner  and, to the best knowledge of the
Company, no such claim has been denied.   (r) Environmental Matters.   (i)
Except as disclosed on Schedule 5.3(r) of the Company  Disclosure Schedule,
each of the Company and its Subsidiaries and each  property owned by either
of them (the "Owned Property") and, to the  best knowledge of the Company,
the Loan Properties (as hereinafter  defined), are, and have been, in
compliance with all applicable  environmental laws and with all rules,
regulations, standards and  requirements of the EPA or state and local
agencies with jurisdiction  over pollution or protection of the Environment
(as hereinafter  defined).   (ii) There is no suit, claim, action or
proceeding pending or, to  the best knowledge of the Company, threatened,
before any Governmental  Authority or other forum in which the Company or any
of its  Subsidiaries, or any Owned Property has been or, with respect to 
threatened proceedings, may be, named as a defendant, responsible  party or
potentially responsible party (A) for alleged noncompliance  (including by
any predecessor), with any environmental law, rule,  regulation, standard or
requirement or (B) relating to the release  into or presence in the
Environment (as hereinafter defined) of any  Hazardous Materials (as
hereinafter defined) or Oil (as hereinafter  defined) at or on a site owned,
leased or operated by the Company or  any of its Subsidiaries.   (iii) To
the best knowledge of the Company, there is no suit,  claim, action or
proceeding pending or threatened, before any  Governmental Authority or other
forum in which any Loan Property has  been or, with respect to threatened
proceedings, may be, named as a  defendant, responsible party or potentially
responsible party (A) for  alleged noncompliance (including by any
predecessor) with any  environmental law, rule, regulation, standard or
requirement or (B)  relating to the release into or presence in the
Environment of any  Hazardous Material or Oil whether or not occurring at or
on a site  owned, leased or operated by a Loan Property.   (iv) Except as
set forth on Schedule 5.3(r) of the Company  Disclosure Schedule, neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries,  nor to the best knowledge of the
Company, any Loan Property, has  received any written notice regarding a
matter on which a suit, claim,  action or proceeding as described in
subsection (ii) or (iii) of this  Section 5.3(r) could reasonably be based.
No facts or circumstances  have come to the Company\'s attention which have
caused it to believe  that a suit, claim, action or proceeding as described
in subsection  (ii) or (iii) of this Section 5.3(r) could reasonably be
expected to  occur.   28     (v) During the period of (A) the
Company\'s or any of its  Subsidiaries ownership or operation of any of their
respective current  properties or (B) the Company\'s or any of its
Subsidiaries holding of  a security interest in a Loan Property, to the best
knowledge of  Company, there has been no release or presence of Hazardous
Material  or Oil in, on, under or affecting such property or Loan Property.
To  the best knowledge of the Company, prior to the period of (A) the 
Company\'s or any of its Subsidiaries\' ownership or operation of any of 
their respective current properties or any previously owned or  operated
properties, or (B) the Company\'s or any of its Subsidiaries\'  holding of a
security interest in a Loan Property, there was no  release or presence of
Hazardous Material or Oil in, on, under or  affecting any such property or
Loan Property.   (vi) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is an
owner  or operator of any Loan Property and there are no Participation 
Facilities.   (vii) The following definitions apply for purposes of this 
Section 5.3(r): (A) "Loan Property" means any property in which the  Company
or any of its Subsidiaries holds a security interest, and,  where required by
the context (as a result of foreclosure), said term  means the owner or
operator of such property; (B) "Participation  Facility" means any facility
in which the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries participates or has
participated in the management and,  where required by the context, said term
means the owner or operator  of such property; (C) "Hazardous Material" means
any pollutant,  contaminant, or hazardous substance or hazardous material as
defined  in or pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, 
Compensation, and Liability Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 9601 et seq., or  any
other federal, state, or local environmental law, regulation or  requirement;
(D) "Oil" means oil or petroleum of any kind --- or  origin or in any form,
as defined in or pursuant to the Federal Clean  Water Act, 33 U.S.C. Section
1251 et seq., or any other federal,  state, or local environmental law,
regulation or requirement; and (E)  "Environment" means any soil, surface
waters, groundwaters, stream  sediments, surface or subsurface strata, and
ambient air, and any  other environmental medium.   (s) Taxes and Tax
Returns. Except as set forth on Schedule 5.3(s) of  the Company Disclosure
Schedule:   (i) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have, since
December  31, 1996, timely filed in correct form all Tax Returns that were 
required to be filed by either of them on or prior to the date hereof,  and
have paid all Taxes owed by them (whether or not show as due on  any Tax
Returns).   (ii) No assessment that has not been settled or otherwise 
resolved has been made with respect to Taxes, other than such  additional
Taxes as are being contested in good faith and which are  described on
Schedule 5.3(s) of the Company Disclosure Schedule. The  Tax Returns of the
Company and its Subsidiaries have been examined by  the IRS or other taxing
authority, as applicable, for all years  through 1993 and any liability with
respect thereto has been  satisfied. There are no disputes pending or written
claims asserted  for Taxes   29     or assessments upon either the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, nor  has the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries been requested to give, or  has given, any currently effective
waivers extending the statutory  period of limitation applicable to any Tax
assessment or deficiency.  Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is
currently the  beneficiary of any extension of time within which to file any
Tax  Return. No deficiency in Taxes or other proposed adjustment that has 
not been settled or otherwise resolved has been asserted in writing by  any
taxing authority against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.  To the best
knowledge of the Company, no Tax Return of Company or any  of its
Subsidiaries is now under examination by any applicable taxing  authority.
There are no liens for Taxes (other than current Taxes not  yet due and
payable) on any of the assets of the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries.  
(iii) Adequate provision has been made on the Company Balance  Sheet for all
Taxes of the Company and its Subsidiaries in respect of  all periods through
the date hereof. In addition, (A) proper and  accurate amounts have been
withheld by each of the Company and its  Subsidiaries from its respective
employees for all prior periods in  compliance in all respects with the tax
withholding provisions of  applicable federal, state, county and local laws;
(B) federal, state,  county and local returns which are accurate and complete
in all  respects have been filed by the Companies for all periods for which 
returns were due with respect to income tax withholding, Social  Security and
unemployment taxes; and (C) the amounts shown on such  returns to be due and
payable have been paid in full or adequate  provision therefor has been
included by the Company in its  consolidated financial statements included in
the Company 2001 Form  10-K, or, respect to returns filed after the date
hereof, will be so  paid or provided for in the consolidated financial
statements of the  Company for the period covered by such returns. Since the
date of the  Company Balance Sheet, neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries  has incurred any liability for Taxes arising from extraordinary
gains  or losses, as that term is used in GAAP, outside the ordinary course 
of business consistent with past custom and practice. The Company has  made
available to Buyer correct and complete copies of all federal  income Tax
Returns, examination reports, and statements of  deficiencies assessed
against or agreed to by the Company, or any of  its Subsidiaries filed or
received since December 31, 1999.   (iv) Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is a party  to or bound by any Tax indemnification, Tax
allocation or Tax sharing  agreement with any person or entity or has any
current or potential  contractual obligation to indemnify any other person or
entity with  respect to Taxes.   (v) Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries has filed or  been included in a combined, consolidated or
unitary income Tax Return  (including any consolidated federal income Tax
Return) other than one  of which the Company was the parent.   (vi) Except
as disclosed on Schedule 5.3(s)(vi) of the Company  Disclosure Schedule,
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries  has made any payment, is
obligated to make any payment, or is a party  to any agreement   30    
that could obligate it to make any payment that will not be deductible  under
Code Section 162(m) or Code Section 280G. Neither the Company  nor any of its
Subsidiaries has filed a consent under Code section  341(f) concerning
collapsible corporations.   (vii) No property of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is  property that is or will be required to be treated as being
owned by  another person pursuant to the provisions of Section 168(f)(8) of
the  Internal Revenue Code (as in effect prior to its amendment by the Tax 
Reform Act of 1986) or is "tax exempt use property" within the meaning  of
Section 168(h) of the Code. Neither the Company nor any of its  Subsidiaries
has been required to include in income any adjustment  pursuant to Section
481 of the Code by reason of a voluntary change in  accounting method
initiated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,  and the IRS has not
initiated or proposed any such adjustment or  change in accounting
method.   (viii) None of the Company or its Subsidiaries will be required 
to include any item of income in, or exclude any item of deduction  from,
taxable income for any taxable period (or portion thereof)  ending after the
Closing Date as a result of any: (A) closing  agreement as described in Code
section 7121 (or any corresponding or  similar provision of state, local, or
foreign income Tax law) executed  on or prior to the Closing Date; (B)
intercompany transactions or any  excess loss account described in Treasury
Regulations under Code  section 1502 (or any corresponding or similar
provision of state,  local, or foreign income Tax law); (C) installment sale
or open  transaction disposition made on or prior to the Closing Date; or
(D)  pre paid amount received on or prior to the Closing Date.   (ix)
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has  distributed stock of
another Person, or has had its stock distributed  by another Person, in a
transaction that was purported or intended to  be governed in whole or in
part by Code section 355 or section 361.   (t) Intellectual Property. The
Company or its Subsidiaries owns or, to  the best knowledge of the Company,
possesses valid and binding licenses and  other rights to use all patents,
copyrights, trade secrets, trade names,  servicemarks and trademarks used in
their businesses, each without payment,  and neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries has received any notice  of conflict with respect thereto
that asserts the rights of others. The  Company and its Subsidiaries, has
performed all the obligations required to  be performed, and are not in
default in any respect, under any contract,  agreement, arrangement or
commitment relating to any of the foregoing.   (u) Tax Treatment; Accounting
Treatment. As of the date hereof, the  Company is aware of no reason why the
Merger will fail to qualify as a  reorganization under Section 368(a) of the
Code.   (v) Material Agreements; Defaults.   (i) Except as set forth on
Schedule 5.3(v) of the Company  Disclosure Schedule or the index of exhibits
in the Company\'s Annual  Reports on Forms 10   31     K for the years
ended December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999, and except  for this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby, neither  the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is a party to or is bound by  (A) any agreement, arrangement, or
commitment that is material to the  financial condition, results of
operations or business of the Company,  except entered into in the ordinary
course of business; (B) any  written (or oral) agreement, arrangement, or
commitment relating to  the employment, including without limitation,
employment as a  consultant of any person or the election or retention in
office or  severance of any present or former director or officer of the
Company  or any of its Subsidiaries; (C) any contract, agreement, or 
understanding with any labor union; (D) any agreement by and among the 
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and/or any affiliate thereof; (E)  any
contract or agreement or amendment thereto that would be required  to be
filed as an exhibit to a Form 10-K filed by the Company as of  the date
hereof that has not been filed as an exhibit to the Company  2001 Form 10-K;
(F) any agreement, arrangement, or commitment (whether  written or oral)
which, upon the consummation of the transactions  contemplated by this
Agreement would result in any payment (whether of  severance pay or
otherwise) becoming due from the Company or any of  its Subsidiaries to any
officer or employee thereof, (G) any  agreement, arrangement or commitment
(whether written or oral) which  is a consulting or other agreement
(including agreements entered into  in the ordinary course and data
processing, software programming and  licensing contracts) not terminable on
sixty (60) days or less notice  involving the payment of in excess of
$100,000 per annum, individually  or $200,000 in the aggregate (H) any
agreement, arrangement or  commitment (whether written or oral) which
restricts the conduct of  any line of business by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, or (I)  any agreement, arrangement or commitment (whether
written or oral)  (including any stock option plan, stock appreciation rights
plan,  restricted stock plan or stock purchase plan) any of the benefits of 
which will be increased, or the vesting of the benefits of which will  be
accelerated, by the occurrence of any of the transactions  contemplated by
this Agreement, or the value of any of the benefits of  which will be
calculated on the basis of any of the transactions  contemplated by this
Agreement. The Company has previously delivered  to Buyer true and complete
copies of all employment, consulting and  deferred compensation agreements
which are in writing and to which the  Company or any of its Subsidiaries is
a party. Each contract,  arrangement, commitment or understanding of the type
described in this  Section 5.3(v), whether or not set forth on Schedule
5.3(v) of the  Company Disclosure Schedule, is referred to herein as a
"Company  Material Contract."   (ii) (A) To the best knowledge of the
Company, each Company  Material Contract listed on Schedule 5.3(v) of the
Company Disclosure  Schedule is legal, valid and binding upon the Company or
its  Subsidiaries, as the case may be, and in full force and effect, (B) 
the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has in all respects performed  all
obligations required to be performed by it to date under each such  Company
Material Contract, and (C) no event or condition exists which  constitutes
or, after notice or lapse of time or both, would  constitute, a default on
the part of the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries under any such Company
Material Contract.   32     (w) Property and Leases.   (i) Each of the
Company and each of its Subsidiaries has good and  marketable title to all
the real property and all other property owned  by it and included in the
Company Balance Sheet, free and clear of all  mortgages, pledges, liens,
security interests, conditional and  installment sale agreements,
encumbrances, charges or other claims of  third parties of any kind
(collectively, "Liens"), other than (A)  Liens that secure liabilities that
are reflected in the ----- Company  Balance Sheet or incurred in the ordinary
course of business after the  date of the Company Balance Sheet, (B) Liens
for current taxes and  assessments not yet past due or which are being
contested in good  faith, (C) inchoate mechanics\' and materialmen\'s Liens
for  construction in progress, (D) workmen\'s, repairmen\'s,
warehousemen\'s  and carriers\' Liens arising in the ordinary course of
business of the  Company or any of its Subsidiaries consistent with past
practice, (E)  all matters of record, Liens and other imperfections of title
and  encumbrances which, either individually or in the aggregate, would not 
be material, and (F) those items that secure public or statutory  obligations
or any discount with, borrowing from, or obligations to  any FRB or Federal
Home Loan Bank, interbank credit facilities, or any  transaction by the
Company\'s Subsidiaries acting in a fiduciary  capacity.   (ii) Each lease
of real property to which the Company or any of  its Subsidiaries is a party
requiring rental payments in excess of  $500,000 during the period of the
lease, and all amendments and  modifications thereto, is in full force and
effect, and there exists  no default under any such lease by the Company or
any of its  Subsidiaries nor, to the best knowledge of the Company, any
event  which with notice or lapse of time or both would constitute a
default  thereunder by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except for
such  defaults which, individually, or in the aggregate, would not result
in  the forfeiture of the use or occupancy of the property covered by such 
lease.   (x) Regulatory Approvals. As of the date hereof, the Company is
not  aware of any reason why the approvals of the Regulatory Authorities
will  not be received.   (y) Loans; Nonperforming and Classified
Assets.   (i) Each loan agreement, note or borrowing arrangement,
including  without limitation portions of outstanding lines of credit and
loan  commitments (collectively, "Loans"), on the Company\'s or any of its 
Subsidiaries\' books and records, was made and has been serviced in 
accordance with the Company\'s lending standards in the ordinary course  of
business; is evidenced by appropriate and sufficient documentation;  to the
extent secured, has been secured by valid liens and security  interests which
have been perfected; and constitutes the legal, valid  and binding obligation
of the obligor named therein, enforceable in  accordance with its terms,
subject to bankruptcy, insolvency,  fraudulent conveyance and other laws of
general applicability relating  to or affecting creditor\'s rights and to
general equity principles.  The Company has previously delivered to Buyer
true, accurate and  complete copies of its lending policies.   33    
(ii) Schedule 5.3(y) of the Company Disclosure Schedule discloses  as of
September 30, 2002: (A) any Loan under the terms of which the  obligor is
sixty (60) or more days delinquent in payment of principal  or interest, or
to the best knowledge of the Company, in default of  any other provision
thereof; (B) each Loan which has been classified  as "other loans specially
maintained," "classified," "criticized,"  "substandard," "doubtful," "credit
risk assets," "watch list assets,"  "loss" or "special mention" (or words of
similar import) by the  Company, its Subsidiaries or a Regulatory Authority
(the "Classified  Loans"); (C) a listing of the real estate owned, acquired
by  foreclosure or by deed-in-lieu thereof, including the book value 
thereof; (D) each Loan with any director, executive officer or five  percent
or greater shareholder of the Company, or to the best  knowledge of the
Company, any person, corporation or enterprise  controlling, controlled by or
under common control with any of the  foregoing. All Loans which are
classified as "Insider Transactions" by  Regulation O of the FRB have been
made by the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries in an arms-length manner made
on substantially the same  terms, including interest rates and collateral, as
those prevailing at  the time for comparable transactions with other persons
and do not  involve more than normal risk of collectibility or present
other  unfavorable features.   (iii) The Company shall promptly after the
end of each quarter  after the date hereof and upon Closing inform Buyer of
the amount of  Loans subject to each type of classification of the Classified
Loans.   (z) Allowance for Loan Losses. The allowance for loan losses
reflected  in the Company SEC Documents and financial statements filed
therewith, as  of their respective dates, is adequate under GAAP and all
regulatory  requirements applicable to financial institutions.   (aa) Trust
Accounts. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries  conduct any trust
business.   (bb) Derivative Transactions. Neither the Company nor any of
its  Subsidiaries is engaged in transactions in or involving forwards,
futures,  options on futures, swaps or similar derivative instruments except
as agent  on the order and for the account of others or in connection with
mortgage  loan secondary market activities in the ordinary course of
business  consistent with the Company\'s past practices.   (cc) Repurchase
Agreements. With respect to all agreements pursuant to  which the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries has purchased securities  subject to an agreement to
resell, if any, the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries, as the case may be,
has a valid, perfected first lien or  security interest in the government
securities or other collateral securing  the repurchase agreement, and, as of
the date hereof, the value of such  collateral equals or exceeds the amount
of the debt secured thereby.   (dd) Deposit Insurance. The Company\'s
Subsidiary, Granite Bank, has  its deposits insured by the FDIC in accordance
with the FDIA to the fullest  extent permitted by law, and each Subsidiary
has paid all premiums and  assessments and filed all reports required by the
FDIA. As of the date  hereof, no proceedings for the revocation or
termination of such deposit  insurance are pending or, to the best knowledge
of the Company, threatened.   34     (ee) CRA, Anti-money laundering and
Customer Information Security.  Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is aware of, has been  advised of, nor has reason to believe
that any facts or circumstances exist  which would cause the Company\'s
Subsidiaries: (i) to be deemed not to be in  satisfactory compliance with the
CRA and the regulations promulgated  thereunder, or to be assigned a rating
for CRA purposes by federal or state  bank regulators of lower than
"satisfactory"; or (ii) to be deemed to be  operating in violation of the
federal Bank Secrecy Act, as amended and its  implementing regulations (31
CFR part 103), the USA Patriot Act, any order  issued with respect to anti-
money laundering by the U.S. Treasury\'s Office  of Foreign Assets Control,
or any other applicable anti-money laundering  statute, rule or regulation;
or (iii) to be deemed not to be in  satisfactory compliance with the privacy
of customer information  requirements contained in Title V of the Gramm-
Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 and  regulations promulgated thereunder as well as
the provisions of the  Information Security Program adopted by the Company\'s
Subsidiaries pursuant  to 12 CFR Part 364. Furthermore, the Company Board has
adopted and  implemented an anti-money laundering program that meets the
requirements of  Section 352 of the USA Patriot Act and the regulations
thereunder.   (ff) Proxy Statement; Company Information. The information
relating to  the Company and its Subsidiaries to be contained in the Proxy 
Statement/Prospectus as described in Section 6.3 hereof, and any other 
documents filed with the SEC in connection herewith, will not, on the date 
the Company Proxy Statement/ Prospectus is first mailed to shareholders of 
the Company or at the time of the Company Meeting, contain any statement 
which is false or misleading with respect to any material fact, or omit to 
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order 
to make the statements therein not false or misleading at the time and in 
light of the circumstances under which such statement is made. The Company 
Proxy Statement/ Prospectus will comply in all respects as to form with the 
requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.  
(gg) Deposit/Loan Agreements. The deposit and loan agreements of the  Company
and its Subsidiaries comply with all applicable laws, rules and 
regulations.   (hh) Disclosure. No representation or warranty contained in
this  Agreement, and no statement contained in any certificate, list or
other  writing, including but not necessarily limited to the Company
Disclosure  Schedule and, including without limitation, the Company SEC
documents as  the same may be updated as of the date hereof, furnished to
Buyer pursuant  to the provisions hereof, contains or will contain any untrue
statement of  a material fact or omits or will omit to state a material fact
necessary in  order to make the statements herein or therein not
misleading.   (ii) Vote Required. The affirmative vote of the holders of a
majority  of the outstanding shares of Common Stock entitled to vote thereon
is the  only vote of any class of capital stock of the Company required by
the  NHBCA, the articles of organization of the Company or the bylaws of
the  Company to approve this Agreement and approve the transactions
contemplated  hereby.   5.4 Representations and Warranties of Buyer.
Subject to Sections 5.1 and 5.2 and except as disclosed on the Buyer
Disclosure Schedule, Buyer hereby represents and warrants to Company:  
35     (a) Organization, Standing and Authority. Buyer is a corporation
duly  organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
the  State of Vermont. Buyer is duly registered as a bank holding company
under  the BHCA and the regulations of the FRB thereunder. Buyer is duly
qualified  to do business and is in good standing in the jurisdictions where
its  ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of its business
requires  Buyer to be so qualified. Buyer has in effect all federal, state,
local,  and foreign governmental authorizations necessary for Buyer to own or
lease  its properties and assets and to carry on its business as it is now
being  conducted.   (b) Capitalization. As of the date hereof, the
authorized stock of  Buyer consists solely of 60,000,000 shares of Buyer
Common Stock, of which,  as of the date hereof, 31,949,900 shares were
outstanding; 3,798,753 shares  of Buyer Common Stock are directly or
indirectly held by Buyer as treasury  stock; and 1,000,000 shares of
preferred stock, par value $100.00 per  share, none of which are outstanding.
The outstanding shares of Buyer\'s  capital stock are validly issued, fully
paid and nonassessable with no  personal liability to the ownership thereof,
and subject to no preemptive  rights or similar rights (and were not issued
in violation of any  preemptive or similar rights). As of the date hereof,
there are no shares  of Buyer\'s capital stock authorized and reserved for
issuance, Buyer does  not have any Rights issued or outstanding with respect
to its capital  stock, and Buyer does not, and is not bound by, any
commitment to  authorize, issue or sell any such shares or Rights, except
pursuant to this  Agreement and as disclosed on Schedule 5.4(b) of the Buyer
Disclosure  Schedule.   (c) Subsidiaries.   (i) (A) Schedule 5.4(c) of
the Buyer Disclosure Schedule lists  all of Buyer\'s Subsidiaries together
with the jurisdictions of  organization of each Subsidiary, (B) except as
disclosed on Schedule  5.4(c) of the Buyer Disclosure Schedule, Buyer owns,
directly or  indirectly, all of the issued and outstanding equity securities
of  each of Buyer\'s Subsidiaries, (C) no equity securities of any of its 
Subsidiaries are or may become required to be issued (other than to  Buyer)
by reason of any Right or otherwise, (D) there are no  contracts,
commitments, understandings or arrangements by which any of  such
Subsidiaries is or may be bound to sell or otherwise transfer any  shares of
its equity securities (other than to Buyer or a wholly-owned  Subsidiary of
it), (E) there are no contracts, commitments,  understandings, or
arrangements relating to Buyer\'s rights to vote or  to dispose of such
securities and (F) all of the equity securities of  each such Subsidiary held
by Buyer or its Subsidiaries are fully paid  and nonassessable, not subject
to preemptive or similar rights and are  owned by Buyer or its Subsidiaries
free and clear of any Liens.   (ii) Except as disclosed on Schedule 5.4(c)
of the Buyer  Disclosure Schedule, Buyer does not own (other than in a bona
fide  fiduciary capacity or in satisfaction of a debt previously
contracted)  beneficially, directly or indirectly, any shares of any equity 
securities or similar interests of any person, or any interest in a 
partnership or joint venture of any kind.   (iii) Each of Buyer\'s
Subsidiaries has been duly organized and  qualified under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its organization and  is duly qualified   36     to do
business and in good standing in the jurisdiction where its  ownership or
leasing of property or the conduct of its business  requires Buyer to be so
qualified.   (d) Corporate Power. Each of Buyer and its Subsidiaries has
the  corporate power and authority to carry on its business as it is now 
being conducted and to own all its properties and assets; and Buyer  has the
corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this  Agreement and
perform its obligations under this Agreement and to  consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby.   (e) Corporate Authority. This Agreement
and the transactions  contemplated hereby, have been authorized by all
necessary corporate  action of Buyer and the Board of Directors of Buyer
("Buyer Board") on  or prior to the date hereof. Buyer has duly executed and
delivered  this Agreement and, assuming the due authorization, execution
and  delivery by the Company, this Agreement is a legal, valid and binding 
agreement of Buyer, enforceable in accordance with its terms (except  as such
enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy,  insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer and  similar laws of general
applicability relating to or affecting  creditors\' rights or by general
principles of equity).   (f) No Defaults. Subject to the receipt of
Regulatory Approvals,  and expiration of waiting periods referred to in
Section 7.2, if any,  and the required filings under federal and state
securities laws, the  execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
and the  consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby (including, 
without limitation, the Merger and Bank Merger) by Buyer do not and  will not
(i) constitute a breach or violation of, or a default under,  any law, rule
or regulation or any judgment, decree, order, permit,  license, credit
agreement, indenture, loan, note, bond, mortgage,  reciprocal easement
agreement, lease, instrument, concession,  franchise or other agreement of
Buyer or of any of its Subsidiaries or  to which Buyer or any of its
Subsidiaries, properties or assets is  subject or bound, (ii) constitute a
breach or violation of, or a  default under, Buyer\'s articles of
incorporation or bylaws, or (iii)  require the consent or approval of any
third party or Regulatory  Authority under any such law, rule, regulation,
judgment, decree,  order, permit, license, credit agreement, indenture, loan,
note, bond,  mortgage, reciprocal easement agreement, lease, instrument, 
concession, franchise or other agreement.   (g) SEC Documents; Financial
Reports; and Regulatory Reports.   (i) Buyer\'s Annual Report on Form 10-K,
as amended through  the date hereof, for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2001 (the  "Buyer 2001 Form 10-K"), and all other reports, registration 
statements, definitive proxy statements or information statements  required
to be filed by Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries  subsequent to December 31,
1996 under the Securities Act, or  under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 and 15(d)
of the Exchange Act  (collectively, "Buyer SEC Documents"), with the SEC, and
all of  Buyer SEC Documents filed with the SEC, in the form filed or to  be
filed, (A) complied or will comply in all respects as to form  with the
applicable requirements under the Securities Act or the  Exchange Act, as the
case may be, and (B) did not and will not  contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state  a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to  make the statements made therein, in light of the
circumstances   37     under which they were made, not misleading; and
each of the  balance sheets contained in or incorporated by reference into
any  such Buyer SEC Document (including the related notes and  schedules
thereto) fairly presents and will fairly present the  financial position of
the entity or entities to which such  balance sheet relates as of its date,
and each of the statements  of income and changes in stockholders\' equity
and cash flows or  equivalent statements in such Buyer SEC Documents
(including any  related notes and schedules thereto) fairly presents and
will  fairly present the results of operations, changes in  stockholders\'
equity and changes in cash flows, as the case may  be, of the entity or
entities to which such statement relates for  the periods to which it
relates, in each case in accordance with  GAAP consistently applied during
the periods involved, except in  each case as may be noted therein, subject
to normal year-end  audit adjustments in the case of unaudited statements.
Except for  those liabilities that are fully reflected or reserved against
in  the most recent consolidated balance sheet of the Buyer and its 
Subsidiaries (the "Buyer Balance Sheet") contained in the Company  2001 Form
10-K and, except for liabilities reflected in Company  SEC documents filed
prior to the date hereof or incurred in the  ordinary course of business
consistent with past practices or in  connection with this Agreement, since
December 31, 2001, neither  the Buyer nor its Subsidiaries has any
liabilities or obligations  of any nature (whether accrued, absolute,
contingent or  otherwise) that, either alone or where combined with all
similar  liabilities, has had or could have a Material Adverse Effect on 
Buyer.   (ii) Since December 31, 1996, Buyer has duly filed with the  FRB,
the FDIC, the Vermont Bank Commissioner and the Maine  Superintendent of
Banks and any other applicable Regulatory  Authority, in correct form the
reports required to be filed under  applicable laws and regulations and such
reports were in all  material respects complete and accurate in compliance
with the  requirements of applicable laws and regulations. In connection 
with the most recent examinations of Buyer by the FRB, the FDIC,  the Vermont
Bank Commissioner or any other applicable Regulatory  Authority, Buyer was
not required to correct or change any  action, procedure or proceeding which
it believes has not been  corrected or changed as required.   (h) Articles
of Incorporation; Bylaws; Corporate Records. Buyer has  made available to the
Company a complete and correct copy of the articles  of incorporation and the
bylaws or equivalent organizational documents,  each as amended to date, of
Buyer and each of its Subsidiaries. Such  articles of incorporation and
bylaws are in final form and effect. The  minute books of Buyer and each of
its Subsidiaries contain true and  complete records of all meetings held or
true and complete records of all  other corporate actions of their respective
shareholders and boards of  directors (including committees of their
respective boards of directors).   (i) Litigation; Regulatory Action.  
(i) No litigation, claim or other proceeding before any court or 
governmental agency is pending against Buyer or any of its  Subsidiaries,
and, to the best of its knowledge, no litigation, claim  or proceeding has
been threatened   38     and there are no facts which could reasonably
give rise to such  litigation, claim or other proceeding.   (ii) Neither
Buyer nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any of their  respective properties is
a party to or is subject to any order,  decree, agreement memorandum of
understanding or similar arrangement  with, or a commitment letter or similar
submission to any Regulatory  Authority (including, without limitation, the
FRB, the FDIC, the  Vermont Bank Commissioner or the Maine Superintendent of
Banks or the  supervision or regulation of Buyer or any of its
Subsidiaries.)   (iii) Neither Buyer nor any of its Subsidiaries, has been
advised  by a Regulatory Authority that it will issue, or is aware of, any 
facts which could give rise to the issuance, by any Regulatory  Authority or
is aware that such Regulatory Authority is contemplating  issuing or
requesting (or is considering the appropriateness of  issuing or requesting)
any such order, decree, agreement, memorandum  of understanding, commitment
letter or similar submission.   (j) Compliance with Laws. Each of Buyer and
its Subsidiaries:   (i) is in compliance with all applicable federal, state,
local  and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules,
judgments,  orders or decrees applicable thereto or to the employees
conducting  their businesses, including, without limitation, the Equal
Credit  Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Community Reinvestment
Act,  the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act and all other applicable fair
lending  laws and other laws relating to discriminatory business
practices;   (ii) has all permits, licenses, authorizations, orders and 
approvals of, and has made all filings, applications and registrations  with,
all Regulatory Authorities that are required in order to permit  them to own
or lease their properties and to conduct their businesses  as presently
conducted; all such permits, licenses, certificates of  authority, orders and
approvals are in full force and effect and, to  the best knowledge of Buyer,
no suspension or cancellation of any of  them is threatened; and   (iii)
has received, since December 31, 1996, no notification or  communication from
any Regulatory Authority (A) asserting that Buyer  or any of its Subsidiaries
is not in compliance with any of the  statutes, regulations, or ordinances
which such Regulatory Authority  enforces, (B) threatening to revoke any
license, franchise, permit, or  governmental authorization, (C) threatening
or contemplating  revocation or limitation of, or which would have the effect
of  revoking or limiting, federal deposit insurance (nor, to the best 
knowledge of Buyer, do any grounds for any of the foregoing exist) or  (D)
failing to approve any proposed acquisition, or stating its  intention not to
approve acquisitions, proposed to be effected by  Buyer within a certain time
period or indefinitely.   39     (k) Employee Benefit Plans.   (i)
Schedule 5.4(k) of the Buyer Disclosure Schedule contains a  true and
complete list of all pension, restricted stock and stock  option plans, all
medical, dental, disability, health and life  insurance plans maintained by
Buyer, any of its Subsidiaries or any  ERISA Affiliate, for the benefit of
employees of any of the foregoing  (collectively, the "Buyer Compensation and
Benefit Plans").   (ii) Each Buyer Compensation and Benefit Plan has been 
administered in accordance with the terms thereof and applicable law.  All
Buyer Compensation and Benefit Plans which are "employee benefit  plans"
within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, other than  Multiemployer Plans,
(the "Buyer Plans"), to the extent subject to  ERISA, are in compliance with
ERISA, the Code and all other applicable  laws.   (l) Tax Treatment;
Accounting Treatment. As of the date hereof, Buyer  is aware of no reason why
the Merger will fail to qualify as a  reorganization under Section 368(a) of
the Code.   (m) Regulatory Approvals. The Regulatory Approvals are necessary
to  consummate the Merger and related Bank Merger. As of the date hereof,
Buyer  is not aware of any reason why the Regulatory Approvals will not be 
received.   (n) Proxy Statement; Company Information. The information
relating to  Buyer and its Subsidiaries to be contained in the Proxy 
Statement/Prospectus as described in Section 6.3 hereof, and any other 
documents filed with the SEC in connection herewith, will not, on the date 
the Proxy Statement/ Prospectus is first mailed to shareholders of the 
Company or at the time of the Company Meeting, contain any statement which 
is false or misleading with respect to any material fact, or omit to state 
any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to 
make the statements therein not false or misleading at the time and in  light
of the circumstances under which such statement is made. The Proxy 
Statement/ Prospectus will comply in all material respects as to form with 
the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations 
thereunder.   (o) Deposit Insurance. Buyer\'s bank Subsidiaries have their
deposits  insured by the Bank Insurance Fund of the FDIC in accordance with
the FDIA  to the fullest extent permitted by law, and each such Subsidiary
has paid  all premiums and assessments and filed all reports required by the
FDIA. As  of the date hereof, no proceedings for the revocation or
termination of  such deposit insurance are pending or, to the best knowledge
of Buyer,  threatened.   (p) CRA, Anti-money laundering and Customer
Information Security.  Neither Buyer nor any of its Subsidiaries is aware of,
has been advised of,  nor has reason to believe that any facts or
circumstances exist which would  cause Buyer\'s Subsidiaries: (i) to be
deemed not to be in satisfactory  compliance with the CRA and the regulations
promulgated thereunder, or to  be assigned a rating for CRA purposes by
federal or state bank regulators  of lower than "satisfactory"; or (ii) to be
deemed to be operating in  violation of the federal Bank Secrecy Act, as
amended and its implementing  regulations (31 CFR part 103), the USA Patriot
Act, any order issued with  respect to anti-money laundering by the U.S.
Treasury\'s Office of Foreign  Assets Control, or any other applicable anti-
money laundering statute, rule  or regulation;   40     or (iii) to be
deemed not to be in satisfactory compliance with the privacy  of customer
information requirements contained in Title V of the  Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act
of 1999 and regulations promulgated thereunder as  well as the provisions of
the Information Security Program adopted by  Buyer\'s Subsidiaries pursuant
to 12 CFR Part 364. Furthermore, Buyer Board  has adopted and implemented an
anti-money laundering program that meets the  requirements of Section 352 of
the USA Patriot Act and the regulations  thereunder.   (q) Disclosure. No
representation or warranty contained in this  Agreement, and no statement
contained in any certificate, list or other  writing, including but not
necessarily limited to the Buyer Disclosure  Schedule and, including without
limitation, the Buyer SEC Documents as the  same may be updated as of the
date hereof, furnished to the Company  pursuant to the provisions hereof,
contains or will contain any untrue  statement of a material fact or omits or
will omit to state a material fact  necessary in order to make the statements
herein or therein not misleading.   ARTICLE VI - COVENANTS   6.1
Reasonable Best Efforts.   (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, each of the  Company and Buyer agree to use its reasonable best
efforts in good faith to  take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do,
or cause to be done,  all things necessary, proper or desirable, or advisable
under applicable  laws, so as to permit consummation of the Merger as
promptly as practicable  and otherwise to enable consummation of the
transactions contemplated  hereby, including effecting all filings and
obtaining (and cooperating with  the other party hereto to obtain) any
permit, consent, authorization, order  or approval of, or any exemption by,
any Regulatory Authority and any other  third party that is required to be
obtained by the Company or Buyer or any  of their respective Subsidiaries in
connection with the Merger and the  other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, and using reasonable  best efforts to lift or rescind any
injunction or restraining order or  other order adversely affecting the
ability of the parties to consummate  the Merger and the transactions
contemplated hereby, and using reasonable  best efforts to defend any
litigation seeking to enjoin, prevent or delay  the consummation of the
Merger and the transactions contemplated hereby or  seeking material damages,
and each shall cooperate fully with the other  party hereto to that end.  
(b) Each of the Company and Buyer shall promptly take, or cause its 
affiliates and Subsidiaries to take, if required by or necessary to resolve 
any objection of the DOJ or its staff, the FRB or its staff, the FDIC or  its
staff, the OCC or its staff, any state attorney general or its staff or  any
other governmental entity, in each case in order to consummate the  Merger
and the transactions contemplated hereby, all steps (including  executing
agreements and submitting to judicial or administrative orders)  to secure
regulatory approval or government clearance (including by  avoiding or
setting aside any preliminary or permanent injunction or other  order of any
United States federal or state court of competent jurisdiction  or any other
governmental authority), provided, however that in no event  shall Buyer be
required to take any such steps that Buyer reasonably  determines would be a
Burdensome Condition. Each of the Company and Buyer  represents and warrants
that such party\'s Subsidiaries have full power and  authority to effect the
transactions contemplated by this Section 6.1(b).   41     6.2
Shareholder Approval.   (a) Following the execution of this Agreement, the
Company shall take,  in accordance with applicable law, applicable Nasdaq
rules and its articles  of incorporation and bylaws, all action necessary to
convene a meeting of  its shareholders as promptly as practicable to consider
and vote upon the  approval of this Agreement and any other matter required
to be approved by  the shareholders of the Company in order to consummate the
Merger and the  transactions contemplated hereby (including any adjournment
or  postponement, the "Company Meeting").   (b) Subject to Section 6.6
hereof, the Company shall ensure that the  Company Meeting is called,
noticed, convened, held and conducted, and that  all proxies solicited by the
Company in connection with the Company Meeting  are solicited in compliance
with New Hampshire law, the articles of  incorporation and bylaws of the
Company, and all other applicable legal  requirements.   (c) Subject to
Section 6.6 hereof, (i) the Company Board shall  recommend that the
Company\'s shareholders vote to approve this Agreement  and any other matters
required to be approved by the Company\'s shareholders  for consummation of
the Merger and the transactions contemplated hereby,  (ii) the Proxy
Statement shall include a statement to the effect that the  Company Board has
recommended that the Company\'s shareholders vote in favor  of and approve
this Agreement, the Merger and any other matters required to  be approved by
the Company\'s shareholders for consummation of the Merger  and the
transactions contemplated hereby at the Company Meeting and (iii)  neither
the Company Board nor any committee thereof shall (A) withdraw,  amend or
modify, or publicly propose to withdraw, amend or modify, in a  manner
adverse to Buyer, the recommendation of the Company Board that the 
Company\'s shareholders vote in favor of and approve this Agreement, the 
Merger and the transactions contemplated hereby, (B) other than the Merger, 
approve or recommend, or propose publicly to approve or recommend an 
Acquisition Proposal, or (C) other than the Merger, cause the Company or  any
of its Subsidiaries to enter into any letter of intent, agreement in 
principle, acquisition agreement or other similar agreement related to an 
Acquisition Proposal.   6.3 Registration Statement.   (a) Buyer and the
Company agree to cooperate in the preparation of a  registration statement on
Form S-4 (the "Registration Statement") to be  filed by Buyer with the SEC in
connection with the issuance of Buyer Common  Stock in the Merger (including
the proxy statement and prospectus and other  proxy solicitation materials of
the Company constituting a part thereof  (the "Proxy Statement/Prospectus")
and all related documents). Each of  Buyer and the Company agree to use its
reasonable best efforts to cause the  Registration Statement to be declared
effective under the Securities Act as  promptly as reasonably practicable
after the filing thereof. Buyer also  agrees to use reasonable best efforts
to obtain all necessary state  securities law or "blue sky" permits and
approvals required to carry out  the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. The Company agrees to  cooperate with Buyer and Buyer\'s counsel
and accountants in requesting and  obtaining appropriate opinions, consents
and letters from its financial  advisor and independent auditor in connection
with the Registration  Statement and the Proxy Statement. After the
Registration Statement is  declared effective under the Securities Act,  
42     the Company, at its expense, shall promptly mail the Proxy 
Statement/Prospectus to its shareholders.   (b) Each of Buyer and the
Company agrees, upon request, to furnish the  other party with all
information concerning itself, its Subsidiaries,  directors, officers and
shareholders and such other matters as may be  reasonably necessary or
advisable in connection with the Registration  Statement, the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus or any filing, notice or  application made by or on
behalf of such other party or any of its  Subsidiaries to any Regulatory
Authority in connection with the  transactions contemplated hereby. Each of
Buyer and the Company agrees, as  to itself and its Subsidiaries, that none
of the information supplied or to  be supplied by it for inclusion or
incorporation by reference in (i) the  Registration Statement will, at the
time the Registration Statement and  each amendment or supplement thereto, if
any, becomes effective under the  Securities Act, contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to  state any material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary to make  the statements therein not
misleading, and (ii) the Proxy  Statement/Prospectus and any amendment or
supplement thereto will, at the  date of mailing to shareholders and at the
time of the Company Meeting,  contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state any  material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the  statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which such  statement is made not misleading. Each of Buyer and the
Company further  agrees that if it shall become aware prior to the Effective
Date of any  information that would cause any of the statements in the
Proxy  Statement/Prospectus to be false or misleading with respect to any
material  fact, or to omit to state any material fact necessary to make the 
statements therein not false or misleading, it shall promptly inform the 
other party thereof and shall take the necessary steps to correct the Proxy 
Statement/Prospectus.   (c) Buyer will advise the Company, promptly after
Buyer receives  notice thereof, of the time when the Registration Statement
has become  effective or any supplement or amendment has been filed, of the
issuance of  any stop order or the suspension of the qualification of Buyer
Common Stock  for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, of the initiation or
threat of  any proceeding for any such purpose, or of any request by the SEC
for the  amendment or supplement of the Registration Statement or for
additional  information.   6.4 Press Releases. Buyer and the Company will
consult with each other before issuing any press release with respect to this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and will not
issue any press release or written statement for general circulation relating
to the transactions contemplated hereby or make any such public statements
without the prior consent of the other party, which shall not be unreasonably
withheld, provided, however, that a party may, without the prior consent of
the other party (but after consultation with the other party, to the extent
practicable), issue such press release or public statements as may upon the
advice of legal counsel, be required by applicable law or the rules and
regulations of the NYSE or Nasdaq.   6.5 Access; Information.   (a) Upon
reasonable notice and subject to applicable laws relating to  the exchange of
information, each party shall, and shall cause its  Subsidiaries to, afford
the other parties and their officers, employees,  counsel, accountants,
advisors and other authorized representatives  (collectively,
"Representatives"), access, during normal business hours  throughout  
43     the period prior to the Effective Date, to all of its properties,
books,  contracts, commitments and records (including, without limitation,
work  papers of independent auditors), and to its officers, employees, 
accountants, counsel or other representatives, and, during such period, it 
shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, furnish promptly to such other 
parties and its Representatives (i) a copy of each material report,  schedule
and other document filed by it pursuant to the requirements of  federal or
state securities laws (other than reports or documents that  Buyer or the
Company, or their respective Subsidiaries, as the case may be,  are not
permitted to disclose under applicable law), and (ii) all other  information
concerning the business, properties and personnel of it as the  other may
reasonably request. Neither Buyer nor the Company nor any of  their
respective Subsidiaries shall be required to provide access to or to 
disclose information where such access jeopardize the attorney-client 
privilege of the institution in possession or control of such information  or
contravene any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, decree, fiduciary 
duty or binding agreement entered into prior to the date of this Agreement. 
The parties hereto will make appropriate substitute disclosure arrangements 
under the circumstances in which the restrictions of the preceding sentence 
apply.   (b) Each party agrees that it and its Subsidiaries will not use
any  information obtained pursuant to this Section 6.5 for any purpose
unrelated  to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and,  if this Agreement is terminated, will hold all information
and documents  obtained pursuant to this paragraph in confidence (as provided
in, and  subject to the provisions of, the Confidentiality Agreement, as if
it were  the party receiving the confidential information as defined
therein). No  investigation by the parties of the business and affairs of any
other party  shall affect or be deemed to modify or waive any representation,
warranty,  covenant or agreement in this Agreement, or the conditions to a
party\'s  obligation to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   6.6 Acquisition Proposals.   (a) The Company agrees that,
during the term of this Agreement, it  shall not, and shall not authorize or
permit any of the Company\'s or any of  its Subsidiaries\' directors,
officers, employees, agents or  representatives, directly or indirectly, to
solicit, initiate, encourage or  take any action to facilitate, or furnish or
disclose nonpublic information  in furtherance of, any inquiries or the
making of any offer or proposal  regarding, or participate in any discussions
or negotiations with, or  provide any information to, any Person (other than
Buyer and any of its  Subsidiaries or Representatives) concerning any
Acquisition Proposal or  enter into any agreement, arrangement or
understanding requiring it to  abandon, terminate or fail to consummate the
Merger or any other  transactions contemplated by this Agreement; provided,
that the Company may  furnish information to, and negotiate or otherwise
engage in discussions  with, any individual or entity that delivers a written
proposal for an  Acquisition Proposal that was not solicited, encouraged or
facilitated  after the date of this Agreement if and so long as (i) the Board
of  Directors of the Company determines (A) in good faith by a majority
vote,  based on the advice of its outside legal counsel, that failing to take
such  action would constitute a breach of its fiduciary duties under
applicable  laws and (B) that such a proposal is a Superior Proposal and (ii)
prior to  furnishing any information to such individual or entity, the
Company shall  enter into a confidentiality agreement that contains
"standstill  provisions" that are no less restrictive than the "standstill
provisions"  set forth in the paragraph captioned "Standstill" on page 2 of
the  Confidentiality Agreement, and otherwise is substantially similar to
the  Confidentiality Agreement. The Company immediately will cease, and
shall  cause each of its Subsidiaries and its   44     Subsidiaries\'
representatives to cease, all existing activities,  discussions and
negotiations with any individual or entity conducted  heretofore with respect
to any Acquisition Proposal and request the return  of all confidential
information regarding the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries provided to any
such individual or entity prior to the date of  this Agreement pursuant to
the terms of any confidentiality agreements or  otherwise, and the Company
shall enforce and shall not waive any of the  provisions of any such
confidentiality agreement.   (b) The Company Board shall be permitted to
withdraw or modify in a  manner adverse to Buyer (or not to continue to make)
its recommendation to  the Company\'s shareholders required under Section
6.2(c) and/or comply with  Rule 14e-2 under the Exchange Act with respect to
an Acquisition Proposal  if, but only if, (i) in the opinion of the
Company\'s outside counsel, such  action is required, in response to an
unsolicited bona fide written  Superior Proposal, in order for the Company
Board to comply with its  fiduciary duties under applicable law, (ii) the
Company has given Buyer  five (5) business days\' prior notice of its
intention to do so and the  Company Board has considered any changes to this
Agreement proposed by  Buyer, and has determined in accordance with the
requirements set forth in  the definition of "Superior Proposal" that
following such proposed changes  such unsolicited proposal remains a Superior
Proposal and (iii) the Company  has fully and completely complied with this
Section 6.6. (provided, that  the foregoing shall in no way limit or
otherwise affect Buyer\'s right to  terminate this Agreement pursuant to
Section 8.1). Any such withdrawal,  modification or change of the
recommendation of the Company Board shall not  change the approval of the
Company Board for purposes of causing any state  takeover statute or other
state law to be inapplicable to the transactions  contemplated by this
Agreement, including the Merger or the transactions  contemplated by this
Agreement.   (c) From and after the execution of this Agreement, the Company
shall  promptly (and in no event later than 24 hours after receipt thereof)
advise  Buyer in writing of the receipt, directly or indirectly, of any
inquiries,  discussions, negotiations, or proposals relating to an
Acquisition Proposal  (including the specific terms thereof and the identity
of the other  individual or entity or individuals or entities involved), and
shall  promptly inform Buyer (in no event later than 24 hours) of any changes
or  developments with respect to such Acquisition Proposal or its receipt
of  any request for information from the FRB, the DOJ, or any other 
governmental authority with respect to a proposed Acquisition Proposal, and 
promptly furnish to Buyer a copy of any such written proposal in addition  to
a copy of any information provided to or by any third party relating 
thereto. In addition, the Company shall promptly advise Buyer, in writing, 
if the Company Board makes any determination as to any Acquisition Proposal 
as contemplated by the proviso to the first sentence of Section 6.6(a). 
Nothing contained in this Section 6.6 shall prohibit the Company from, at 
any time, taking and disclosing to the Company\'s shareholders a position 
contemplated by Rule 14d-9 or Rule 14e-2 under the Exchange Act or making 
any disclosure required by Rule 14a-9 under the Exchange Act so long as the 
requirements set forth in this Section 6.6 are satisfied.   (d) For the
purposes of this Agreement, "Superior Proposal" shall mean  a bona fide
Acquisition Proposal made by a third party which was not  solicited by the
Company, any Subsidiary of the Company or any  Representatives of the Company
and which, in the good faith judgment of the  Company Board, taking into
account, to the extent deemed appropriate by the  Company Board, the various
legal, financial and regulatory aspects of the  proposal and the person
making such proposal (A) if accepted, is reasonably  likely to be
consummated, and (B) if   45     consummated would, based upon advice of
the Company\'s financial advisor,  result in a transaction that is more
favorable to the Company\'s  shareholders, from a financial point of view,
than the transactions  contemplated by this Agreement. For purposes of this
Agreement,  "Acquisition Proposal" means any offer or proposal for, or any
indication  of interest in (i) a merger, tender offer, recapitalization, or 
consolidation, or any similar transaction, involving the Company or any of 
its Subsidiaries, (ii) a purchase, lease or other acquisition or assumption 
of all or a substantial portion of the assets or deposits of the Company or 
all or substantially all of the assets or deposits of any of the 
Subsidiaries of the Company, (iii) a purchase or other acquisition 
(including by way of merger, consolidation, share exchange or otherwise) of 
beneficial ownership (the term "beneficial ownership" for purposes of this 
Agreement having the meaning assigned thereto in Section 13(d) of the 
Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations thereunder) of securities 
representing 10% or more of the voting power of the Company or the 
Subsidiaries of the Company, or (iv) any substantially similar
transaction.   6.7 Affiliate Agreements.   (a) Not later than the 15th day
prior to the mailing of the Proxy  Statement, the Company shall deliver to
Buyer, a schedule of each Person  that, to the best of its knowledge, is or
is reasonably likely to be, as of  the date of the Company Meeting, deemed to
be an "affiliate" of the Company  (each, an "Affiliate") within the meaning
of Rule 145 promulgated by the  SEC under the Securities Act.   (b) The
Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause each  person who may
be deemed to be an Affiliate of the Company to execute and  deliver to Buyer
on or before the date of mailing of the Proxy Statement a  written agreement
to comply with the requirements of Rule 145 in connection  with the sale or
other transfer of Buyer Common Stock received in the  Merger, in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit A.   6.8 Takeover Laws. No party shall take any
action that would cause the transactions contemplated by this Agreement to be
subject to requirements imposed by any Takeover Laws, as applicable, and each
party shall take all necessary steps within its control to exempt (or ensure
the continued exemption of) the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
from, or if necessary challenge the validity or applicability of, any
applicable Takeover Laws, as now or hereafter in effect, that purports to
apply to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.   6.9 No
Rights Triggered. Each of Buyer and the Company shall take all
steps necessary to ensure that the entering into of this Agreement and
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and any other action
or combination of actions, or any other transactions contemplated hereby, do
not and will not result in the grant of any rights to any person (a) under
its articles of incorporation or bylaws, or (b) under any material agreement
to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is a party.   6.10 Shares Listed.
Buyer shall use its reasonable best efforts to list, prior to the Effective
Date, on the NYSE, the shares of Buyer Common Stock to be issued to the
holders of the Company Common Stock in the Merger.   6.11 Regulatory
Applications; Filings; Consents. Buyer and the Company and their respective
Subsidiaries shall cooperate and use their respective reasonable best efforts
(a) to   46    prepare all documentation, to effect all filings, to
obtain all permits, consents, approvals and authorizations of all third
parties and Regulatory Authorities necessary to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including, without limitation, any such
approvals or authorizations required by the FRB, FDIC, the OCC and the
Regulatory Authorities of the states in which Buyer, the Company and their
respective Subsidiaries operate, (b) to comply with the terms and conditions
of such permits, consents, approvals and authorizations and (c) to cause the
Merger to be consummated as expeditiously as practicable. Provided the
Company has cooperated as required above, Buyer agrees to file the requisite
applications to be filed by it with the FRB, FDIC, the OCC and the Regulatory
Authorities of the States in which Buyer, the Company and their respective
Subsidiaries operate. Each of Buyer and the Company shall have the right to
review in advance, and to the extent practicable each will consult with the
other, in each case subject to applicable laws relating to the exchange of
information, with respect to, all material written information submitted
to any third party or any Regulatory Authority in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In exercising the foregoing
right, each of the parties hereto agrees to act reasonably and as promptly as
practicable. Each party hereto agrees that it will consult with the other
parties hereto with respect to the obtaining of all material permits,
consents, approvals and authorizations of all third parties and Regulatory
Authorities necessary or advisable to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and each party will keep the other parties
apprised of the status of material matters relating to completion of the
transactions contemplated hereby.   6.12 Indemnification; Directors\' and
Officers\' Insurance.   (a) Buyer agrees that all rights to indemnification
and all  limitations of liability existing in favor of any director or
officer of  the Company or its Subsidiaries (the "Indemnified Parties") as
provided in  the Company\'s articles of incorporation or bylaws or in the
similar  governing documents of the Company\'s Subsidiaries as in effect as
of the  date hereof (including without limitation the right to the
advancement of  expenses) with respect to matters occurring on or prior to
the Effective  Time shall survive the Merger and shall continue in full force
and effect,  without any amendment thereto, for a period of six (6) years
from the  Effective Time; provided, however, that all rights to
indemnification in  respect of any Claim asserted or made within such period
shall continue  until the final disposition of such Claim; provided further,
however, that  nothing contained in this Section 6.12(b) shall be deemed to
preclude the  liquidation, consolidation or merger of the Company or any of
its  Subsidiaries, in which case all of such rights to indemnification and 
limitations on liability shall be deemed to so survive and continue 
notwithstanding any such liquidation, consolidation or merger and shall 
constitute rights which may be asserted against Buyer. Nothing contained in 
this Section 6.12(b) shall be deemed to preclude any rights to 
indemnification or limitations on liability provided in the Company\'s 
articles of incorporation or the similar governing documents of the 
Company\'s Subsidiaries with respect to matters occurring subsequent to the 
Effective Time to the extent that the provisions establishing such rights  or
limitations are not otherwise amended to the contrary.   (b) Buyer shall
cause the persons serving as officers and directors of  the Company
immediately prior to the Effective Time to be covered for a  period of six
(6) years from the Effective Time by the directors\' and  officers\'
liability insurance policy maintained by the Company (provided,  that Buyer
may substitute therefor policies of at least the same coverage  and amounts
containing terms and conditions which are not less advantageous  to such
directors and officers of the Company than the terms and conditions  of such
existing policy) with respect to   47     acts or omissions occurring
prior to the Effective Time which were  committed by such officers and
directors in their capacity as such,  provided, that in no event shall Buyer
be required to spend for any one  year an amount in excess of 150% of the
annual premium currently paid by  the Company for such insurance (the
"Insurance Amount"). In the event that  Buyer is unable to maintain or obtain
the insurance called for by this  Section 6.12(b) as a result of the
preceding provision, Buyer shall use its  reasonable best efforts to maintain
or obtain the most advantageous  coverage as is available for that Insurance
Amount.   (c) In the event Buyer or any of its successors or assigns (i) 
consolidates with or merges into any other person and shall not be the 
continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or 
merger, or (ii) transfers or conveys all or substantially all of its 
properties and assets to any person, then, and in each such case, to the 
extent necessary, proper provision shall be made so that the successors and 
assigns of Buyer shall assume the obligations set forth in this Section 
6.12.   (d) The provisions of this Section 6.12 are intended to be for the 
benefit of, and to grant third party rights to, and shall be enforceable  by,
each Indemnified Party and his or her heirs and representatives.   6.13
Benefit Plans.   (a) Provision of Benefits. From and after the Effective
Time, Buyer  agrees to provide the employees of the Company and any of its
Subsidiaries  who remain employed after the Effective Time (collectively, the
"Company  Employees") with at least the types and levels of employee
benefits  (including employee contribution levels) comparable to those
maintained by  Buyer for similarly situated employees of Buyer. Buyer will
treat, and  cause its applicable benefit plans to treat, the service of the
Company  Employees with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as service
rendered  to Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries for purposes of eligibility
to  participate, vesting and for other appropriate benefits including, but
not  limited to, applicability of minimum waiting periods for participation,
but  not for benefit accrual under any defined benefit plan (including
minimum  pension amount) attributable to any period before the Effective
Time.  Without limiting the foregoing Buyer shall not treat any employee of
the  Company or any of its Subsidiaries as a "new" employee for purposes of
any  exclusions under any health or similar plan of Buyer for a pre-
existing  medical condition, and any deductibles paid under any of the
Company\'s or  any of its Subsidiaries\' health plans shall be credited
towards deductibles  under Buyer\'s health plans upon delivery to Buyer of
appropriate  documentation. Buyer will make appropriate arrangements with its
insurance  carrier(s) to ensure such result.   (b) Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained herein, Buyer  shall have sole discretion with
respect to the determination as to whether  or when to terminate, merge or
continue any employee benefit plans and  programs of the Company. Nothing in
this Agreement shall alter or limit  Buyer\'s obligations, if any, under
ERISA, as amended by the Consolidated  Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of
1985 and/or the Health Insurance  Portability and Accountability Act of 1996
with respect to the rights of  Company Employees and their qualified
beneficiaries in connection with the  group health plan maintained by the
Company as of the Effective Time.   (c) At and following the Effective Time,
Buyer shall honor, and the  Surviving Corporation shall continue to be
obligated to perform, in  accordance with their terms, those   48    
benefit obligations to, and contractual rights of, current employees of the 
Company existing as of the Effective Date, as well as, and to the extent 
permitted by law, those employment, severance, split-dollar and deferred 
compensation plans or policies of the Company which are listed on Schedule 
6.13(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule.   (d) Notwithstanding anything
else contained herein to the contrary,  nothing in this Article VI shall be
construed to create any third party  beneficiary rights in any Person who is
not a party to this Agreement.   6.14 Notification of Certain Matters. Each
of Buyer and the Company shall give prompt notice to the other of any fact,
event or circumstance known to it that (a) is reasonably likely, individually
or taken together with all other facts, events and circumstances known to it,
to result in any Material Adverse Effect with respect to it or (b)
notwithstanding the standards set forth in Section 5.2, would cause or
constitute a material breach of any of its representations, warranties,
covenants or agreements contained herein.   6.15 Bank Merger. Buyer and the
Company agree to take all action necessary and appropriate, including causing
the entering into of an appropriate merger agreement (the "Bank Merger
Agreement"), to cause the Subsidiaries of the Company to merge ("Bank
Merger") with and into a Subsidiary of Buyer, as Buyer deems advisable, in
accordance with applicable laws and regulations and the terms of the Bank
Merger Agreement.   6.16 Post-Closing Governance. The Buyer shall recommend
a person designated by the Company and reasonably acceptable to Buyer to be
elected to the Buyer\'s Board effective as of the Effective Time and
otherwise in accordance with Buyer\'s articles of incorporation and
bylaws.   6.17 Confidentiality Agreement. The paragraph captioned
"StandStill" on page 2 of the Confidentiality Agreement is hereby terminated
in all respects and shall not have further force and effect on or after the
date hereof; provided, that, in the event this Agreement is terminated by
Buyer because the condition to close set forth in Section 7.2(b) is not
satisfied, the StandStill provisions shall be effective as set forth in the
Confidentiality Agreement following such termination. The Confidentiality
Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect after the date
hereof in accordance with its terms.   6.18 Section 16 Votes. Prior to the
Effective Time, each of the Company Board and Buyer Board, or appropriate
committees of non-employee directors thereof, shall adopt (if necessary) a
resolution consistent with the interpretive guidance of the SEC so that the
disposition of shares of Company Common Stock or Company Stock Options
pursuant to this Agreement by any officer or director of the Company or of
any Subsidiary of the Company who is a covered person of the Company for
purposes of Section 16 under the Exchange Act (together with the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder, "Section 16") shall be an exempt
transaction for purposes of Section 16.   6.19 Restructuring.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, prior
to the Effective Time, Buyer shall be entitled to revise the structure of the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby, provided, that (a)
there are no material adverse accounting or federal or state income Tax
consequences to the Company and its shareholders as a result of
the modification; (b) there are no material adverse changes to the  
49    benefits and other arrangements provided to or on behalf of the
Company\'s directors, officers, and other employees; and (c) such
modification will not be likely to delay materially or jeopardize receipt of
the Regulatory Approvals or other consents and approvals relating to the
consummation of the Merger. This Agreement and any related documents shall be
separately amended in order to reflect any such revised structure.   6.20
ESOP. The Company shall take any and all actions necessary with respect to
the Granite State Bankshares, Inc. Employee Stock Ownership Plan (the "Plan")
to reflect the effect of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
including without limitation the election procedures described in Section
3.5, and shall cooperate with Buyer prior to the Closing in arranging for
appropriate investment alternatives to be offered under the Plan for cash
to be received by the Plan as a result of the consummation of the Merger.
The Company shall take such action as it reasonably deems necessary to spin
off and terminate the employee stock ownership portion of the Plan in
accordance with the terms of the Plan, the Code and any other applicable
laws, including without limitation, preparing and filing an application for a
favorable determination letter upon termination of the Plan from the IRS,
provided, however the Company shall consult with Buyer regarding such
termination process and any employee communications to be provided in
connection therewith and shall incorporate such language in such employee
communication that Buyer reasonably requests in order to ensure an orderly
transition of the affected employees to Buyer. The Company shall take such
other actions prior to the Closing as may reasonably be requested by Buyer in
order to permit the prompt consolidation of the remaining portion of the Plan
with Buyer\'s 401(k) plan following the Closing.   6.21 Split Dollar Life
Insurance Policies. The Company shall take any and all actions necessary as
requested by Buyer to terminate the split dollar insurance arrangements
existing on the date hereof and to recover the aggregate amount of premiums
paid by the Company thereunder as provided under the relevant agreements,
subject to the rights of the executives who are parties thereto.   6.22
Other Actions. Prior to Closing the Company shall take any and all action
necessary to (a) terminate the Granite Bank Trust for the
Executive Supplemental Retirement Income Agreement(s) and cause all insurance
policies and any other assets held thereunder to be transferred to and held
without limitation by the Company, (b) produce and deliver to Buyer all split
dollar life insurance policies issued by Mass Mutual and Hamilton/Lincoln and
(c) file top hat filings for the Company\'s nonqualified deferred
compensation plans or arrangements under the Department of Labor\'s
delinquent filer program and pay any penalty or filing fees in connection
therewith, (d) demonstrate to the satisfaction of Buyer that no liabilities
exist in connection with the Granite Bank Deferred Compensation Plan for
Executives and (e) take all actions necessary to cause the death benefits
that may be payable under any Executive Supplemental Retirement Income
Agreement(s) to be waived by the relevant executive.   ARTICLE VII -
CONDITIONS TO CONSUMMATION OF THE MERGER   7.1 Conditions to Each Party\'s
Obligations to Effect the Merger. The obligations of each of the parties to
consummate the Merger is conditioned upon the satisfaction at or prior to the
Effective Time of each of the following conditions:   50     (a)
Shareholder Vote. This Agreement and the transactions contemplated  hereby
shall have been approved by the requisite affirmative vote of the 
shareholders of the Company present and voting at the Company Meeting.   (b)
Regulatory Approvals; No Burdensome Condition. All Regulatory  Approvals
required to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby,  shall have been
obtained and shall remain in full force and effect and all  statutory waiting
periods in respect thereof shall have expired. None of  the Regulatory
Approvals shall impose any term, condition or restriction  upon Buyer or any
of its Subsidiaries that Buyer reasonably determines  would so materially
adversely effect the economic or business benefits to  Buyer of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, taken as a whole,  as to render
inadvisable the consummation of the Merger (a "Burdensome  Condition").  
(c) Third Party Consents. All necessary consents or approvals of all  persons
(other than Regulatory Authorities) required for the consummation  of the
Merger shall have been obtained and shall be in full force and  effect,
unless the failure to obtain any such consent or approval is not  reasonably
likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material  Adverse Effect
on Buyer or the Company, as the case may be.   (d) No Injunction, Etc. No
order, decree or injunction of any court or  agency of competent jurisdiction
shall be in effect, and no law, statute or  regulation shall have been
enacted or adopted, that enjoins, prohibits or  makes illegal consummation of
any of the transactions contemplated hereby;  provided, however, that each of
Buyer and the Company shall have used its  reasonable best efforts to prevent
any such rule, regulation, injunction,  decree or other order, and to appeal
as promptly as possible any  injunction, decree or other order that may be
entered, including, without  limitation, by proffering its willingness to
accept an order embodying any  arrangement required to be made by such party
pursuant to Section 6.1(b) of  this Agreement (and notwithstanding anything
in this Section 7.1 to the  contrary, no terms, conditions or provisions of
an order embodying such an  arrangement shall constitute a basis for such
party asserting  nonfulfillment of the conditions contained in this Section
7.1).   (e) Tax Opinion Relating to the Merger. Buyer shall have received
an  opinion from Goodwin Procter LLP, and the Company shall have received
an  opinion from Luse Gorman Pomerenk and Schick, P.C., dated in each case as
of  the Closing Date, substantially to the effect that, on the basis of the 
facts, representations and assumptions set forth in such opinions which are 
consistent with the state of facts existing at the Closing Date and which 
are reasonable or customary in rendering similar opinions, the Merger will 
be treated for federal income tax purposes as a reorganization within the 
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.   (f) Effective Registration
Statement. The Registration Statement shall  have become effective and no
stop order suspending the effectiveness of the  Registration Statement shall
have been issued and no proceedings for that  purpose shall have been
initiated or threatened by the SEC or any other  Regulatory Authority.  
7.2 Conditions to the Obligations of Buyer.   (a) Representations,
Warranties and Covenants of the Company. (i) Each  of the representations and
warranties contained herein of the Company shall  be true and correct as of
the date hereof and upon the Effective Date with  the same effect as though
all such   51     representations and warranties had been made on the
Effective Date, except  for any such representations and warranties made as
of a specified date,  which shall be true and correct as of such date, in any
case subject to the  standard set forth in Section 5.2, (ii) each and all of
the agreements and  covenants of the Company to be performed and complied
with pursuant to this  Agreement on or prior to the Effective Date shall have
been duly performed  and complied with in all material respects, and (iii)
Buyer shall have  received a certificate signed by the Chief Executive
Officer or Chief  Financial Officer of the Company, dated the Effective Date,
to the effect  set forth in clauses (i) and (ii) of this Section 7.2.   (b)
Material Adverse Effect. There shall not have occurred with  respect to the
Company any Material Adverse Effect or any event or  development that would,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be  expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect with respect to the Company.   (c) Dissenting Shares. As of
immediately prior to the Effective Time,  no more than 10% of the outstanding
shares of Company Common Stock shall  have taken actions to assert dissenters
rights under Section 293-A:13 of  the NHBCA.   7.3 Conditions to the
Obligations of the Company.   (a) Representations, Warranties and Covenants
of Buyer. (i) Each of  the representations and warranties contained herein of
Buyer shall be true  and correct as of the date hereof and upon the Effective
Date with the same  effect as though all such representations and warranties
had been made on  the Effective Date, except for any such representations and
warranties made  as of a specified date, which shall be true and correct as
of such date, in  any case subject to the standard set forth in Section 5.2,
(ii) each and  all of the agreements and covenants of Buyer to be performed
and complied  with pursuant to this Agreement on or prior to the Effective
Date shall  have been duly performed and complied with in all material
respects, and  (iii) the Company shall have received a certificate signed by
the Chief  Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of Buyer, dated the
Effective  Date, to the effect set forth in clauses (i) and (ii) of this
Section 7.3.   (b) Material Adverse Effect. There shall not have occurred
with  respect to Buyer any Material Adverse Effect or any event or
development  that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to  have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to Buyer.   (c)
NYSE Listing. The shares of Buyer Common Stock issuable pursuant  to this
Agreement shall have been approved for listing on the NYSE, subject  to
official notice of issuance.   (d) Payment of Merger Consideration. Buyer
shall have delivered the  Exchange Fund to the Exchange Agent on or before
the Closing Date and the  Exchange Agent shall have provided the Company with
evidence of such  delivery in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company
and its counsel.   ARTICLE VIII - TERMINATION   8.1 Termination. This
Agreement may be terminated, and the Merger and the transactions contemplated
hereby may be abandoned:   52     (a) Mutual Consent. At any time prior
to the Effective Time, by the  mutual consent of Buyer and the Company in a
written instrument, if the  Board of Directors of each so determines by vote
of a majority of the  members of its entire Board.   (b) Breach. At any
time prior to the Effective Time, by Buyer or the  Company (provided, that
the terminating party is not then in material  breach of any representation,
warranty, covenant or other agreement  contained herein), if its Board of
Directors so determines by vote of a  majority of the members of its entire
Board, in the event of either: (i) a  breach by the other party of any
representation or warranty contained  herein (subject to the standards set
forth in Section 5.2), which breach  cannot be or has not been cured within
thirty (30) days after the giving of  written notice to the breaching party
of such breach; or (ii) a material  breach by the other party of any of the
covenants or agreements contained  herein, which breach cannot be or has not
been cured within thirty (30)  days after the giving of written notice to the
breaching party of such  breach.   (c) Delay. At any time prior to the
Effective Time, by Buyer or the  Company, if its Board of Directors so
determines by vote of a majority of  the members of its entire Board, in the
event that the Merger is not  consummated by August 31, 2003, except to the
extent that the failure of  the Merger then to be consummated arises out of
or results from the failure  of the party seeking to terminate this Agreement
to perform or observe the  covenants and agreements of such party set forth
herein.   (d) No Regulatory Approval. By Buyer or the Company, if its Board
of  Directors so determines by a vote of a majority of the members of its 
entire Board, in the event the approval of any Regulatory Authority  required
for consummation of the Merger and the other transactions  contemplated by
this Agreement shall have been denied by final  nonappealable action of such
Regulatory Authority or any governmental  entity of competent jurisdiction
shall have issued a final nonappealable  order enjoining or otherwise
prohibiting the consummation of the  transactions contemplated by this
Agreement; provided, however, the party  seeking termination shall have
complied fully with its obligations under  Section 6.1(b) of this
Agreement.   (e) No Shareholder Approval. By Buyer or the Company if the
approval  of the Company\'s shareholders required for the consummation of the
Merger  shall not have been obtained by reason of the failure to obtain the 
required vote at a duly held meeting of the Company\'s shareholders or at 
any adjournment thereof.   (f) Recommendation Altered. By Buyer, if the
Company Board shall not  have publicly recommended to the shareholders of the
Company that such  shareholders vote in favor of approval of the Agreement,
the Merger and the  other transactions contemplated hereby, or shall have
withdrawn, modified  or changed in a manner adverse to Buyer its approval or
recommendation of  this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby.   (g) Superior Proposal. By Buyer or Company, if the Company has 
received a Superior Proposal, and in compliance with the terms of Section 
6.6 of this Agreement, the Company Board has entered into an acquisition 
agreement with respect to the Superior Proposal, subject to the provisions 
of Section 8.2(c).   (h) Breach of No Shop. By Buyer if the Company shall
have breached any  of its obligations contained in Section 6.6 in any
material respect.   53     (i) Excess Issuance of Buyer Common Stock. By
Buyer or the Company, in  the event that Buyer would be required if, not for
the proviso set forth in  Section 3.5(e), to issue in the Merger (either by
conversion of Company  Common Stock issued pursuant to the Merger or the
exercise of rights and  warrants issued pursuant to the Merger) aggregate
shares of Buyer Common  Stock in excess of 15% of the total number of shares
of Buyer Common Stock  outstanding immediately before the Merger.   8.2
Effect of Termination and Abandonment.   (a) In the event of termination of
this Agreement by either Buyer or  the Company as provided in Section 8.1,
this Agreement shall forthwith  become void and have no effect, and none of
Buyer, the Company, any of  their respective Subsidiaries or any of the
officers or directors of any of  them shall have any liability of any nature
whatsoever hereunder, or in  connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby, except that Sections  6.5(b), 8.2, 9.1 and 9.5 and all other
obligations of the parties intended  to be performed after the termination of
this Agreement shall survive any  termination of this Agreement; provided,
however, that, notwithstanding  anything to the contrary herein, neither the
Buyer nor the Company shall be  relieved or released from any liabilities or
damages arising out of its  willful breach of any provision of this
Agreement.   (b) If this Agreement is terminated as a result of any breach
of a  representation, warranty, covenant or other agreement which is caused
by  the willful breach of a party hereto, such party shall be liable to the 
other party for all out-of-pocket costs and expenses, including, without 
limitation, the reasonable fees and expenses of lawyers, accountants and 
investment bankers, incurred by such other party in connection with the 
entering into of this Agreement, the carrying out of any and all acts 
contemplated hereunder and pursuing the remedies provided by this Section 
8.2 and otherwise hereunder ("Expenses"). The payment of Expenses is not an 
exclusive remedy, but is in addition to any other rights or remedies 
available to the parties hereto at law or in equity.   (c) In the event this
Agreement is terminated by:   (i) Buyer pursuant to Section 8.1(f) or 8.1(h)
or by Buyer or the  Company pursuant to Section 8.1(g);   (ii) Buyer
pursuant to Section 8.1(e) in circumstances where the  Company Board shall
not have publicly recommended to the shareholders  of the Company that such
shareholders vote in favor of the approval of  this Agreement, the Merger and
the other transactions contemplated  hereby or shall have withdrawn, modified
or amended such  recommendation in a manner adverse to Buyer; or   (iii) by
either Buyer or the Company pursuant to Section 8.1(e)  in circumstances
where both (x) within eighteen (18) months of such  termination, the Company
shall have entered into an agreement to  engage in or there has otherwise
occurred an Acquisition Proposal with  any Person other than Buyer or any
affiliate of Buyer and (y) at the  time of such termination or event giving
rise to such termination, it  shall have been publicly announced that any
Person (other than Buyer  or any Subsidiary of Buyer) shall have (A) made, or
disclosed an   54     intention to make, a bona fide offer to engage in
an Acquisition  Proposal, or (B) filed an application (or given a notice),
whether in  draft or final form, under the BHCA or the Change in Bank Control
Act  of 1978, for approval to engage in an Acquisition Proposal,  then the
Company shall make a cash payment to Buyer in the amount of $13,000,000 (the
"Expense Fee") upon such termination. Any payment required under this Section
8.2(c) shall be payable by the Company to Buyer (by wire transfer
of immediately available funds to an account designated by Buyer) within two
(2) business days after demand by Buyer. Absent fraud or other willful
misconduct or a willful breach of the Company\'s obligations hereunder, upon
payment of the Expense Fee described in this Section 8.2(c), neither Company
nor any of its affiliates or Subsidiaries shall have any further liability to
Buyer at law or in equity under this Agreement.   ARTICLE IX -
MISCELLANEOUS   9.1 Survival. No representations, warranties, agreements and
covenants contained in this Agreement shall survive the Effective Time or the
termination of this Agreement if this Agreement is terminated prior to the
Effective Time; provided, however, that if the Effective Time occurs, the
agreements of the parties in Sections 3.5, 3.6, 3.8, 6.12, 6.13, 6.15, 6.16,
6.17, 9.1, 9.4, 9.5, 9.6, 9.7, 9.8 and 9.9 shall survive the Effective Time,
and if this Agreement is terminated prior to the Effective Time, the
agreements of the parties in Sections 6.5(b), 8.2, 9.1, 9.2, 9.4, 9.5, 9.6,
9.7 and 9.8 shall survive such termination.   9.2 Waiver; Amendment.
Subject to compliance with applicable law, prior to the Effective Time, any
provision of this Agreement may be (a) waived by the party intended to
benefit by the provision, or (b) amended or modified at any time, by an
agreement in writing between the parties hereto approved by their respective
Boards of Directors and executed in the same manner as this Agreement. Prior
to submission of this Agreement for approval by the shareholders of the
Company, Buyer may make such amendments as are permitted by Section 6.19 and
the Company Board shall approve the supplements and amendments specified in
this sentence.   9.3 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or
more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to constitute an
original.   9.4 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and
interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of Vermont, without
regard to the conflict of law principles thereof.   9.5 Expenses. Each
party hereto will bear all expenses incurred by it in connection with this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, except that printing
expenses and SEC filing and registration fees shall be shared equally between
Buyer and the Company.   9.6 Confidentiality. Each of the parties hereto and
their respective agents, attorneys and accountants will maintain the
confidentiality of all information provided in connection herewith in
accordance, and subject to the limitations of, the Confidentiality
Agreement.   55     9.7 Notices. All notices, requests and other
communications hereunder to a party shall be in writing and shall be deemed
given if personally delivered, telecopied (with confirmation) or mailed by
registered or certified mail (return receipt requested) to such party at its
address set forth below or such other address as such party may specify by
notice to the parties hereto.   If to Buyer:   Chittenden Corporation 
Two Burlington Square  Burlington, Vermont 05401  Attention: Chief Executive
Officer  Telecopier: (603) 660-1577   With copies to:   Chittenden
Corporation  Two Burlington Square  Burlington, Vermont 05401  Attention:
F. Sheldon Prentice, General Counsel  Telecopier: (802) 660-1577   Goodwin
Procter LLP  Exchange Place  Boston, Massachusetts 02109   Attention:
William P. Mayer, Esq. and  Andrew F. Viles, PC  Telecopier: (617)
523-1231   If to the Company, to:   Granite State Bankshares, Inc.  122
West Street  Keene, New Hampshire 03431  Attention: Chief Executive
Officer  Telecopier: (603) 358-5707   With copies to:   Luse Gorman
Pomerenk and Schick, P.C.  5335 Wisconsin Avenue, N.W., Suite 400  Washington,
D.C. 20015  Attention: John J. Gorman, Esq.  Telecopier: (202) 362-2902  
9.8 Understanding; No Third Party Beneficiaries. Except for
the Confidentiality Agreement, which shall remain in effect, this
Agreement represents the entire understanding of the parties hereto with
reference to the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and supersede
any and all other oral or written agreements heretofore made. Except for
Section 6.12,   56    nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied,
is intended to confer upon any person, other than the parties hereto or their
respective successors, any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under
or by reason of this Agreement.   9.9 Assignability; Binding Effect. Except
as provided for in Section 6.19, prior to the Closing, this Agreement may not
be assigned by Buyer with out the written consent of the Company and no such
assignment shall release Buyer of its obligations hereunder. After the
Closing, Buyer\'s rights and obligations hereunder shall be freely
assignable. This Agreement may not be assigned by the Company without the
prior written consent of Buyer. This Agreement shall be binding upon and
enforceable by, and shall inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and
their respective successors and permitted assigns, and except as expressly
set forth herein, is not intended to confer upon any other person any rights
or remedies hereunder.   9.10 Headings; Interpretation. The headings
contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and are not part
of this Agreement. The word "including" and words of similar import when used
in this Agreement shall mean "including, without limitation," unless the
context otherwise requires or unless otherwise specified. Words of number may
be read as singular or plural, as required by context.   57     IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement and Plan of
Merger to be executed in counterparts by their duly authorized officers, all
as of the day and year first above written.   CHITTENDEN CORPORATION   
By: /s/ Kirk W. Walters  -----------------------------------------  Name:
Kirk W. Walters  Title: Executive Vice President,  Chief Financial Officer
and Treasurer   GRANITE STATE BANKSHARES, INC.    By: /s/ Charles W.
Smith  -----------------------------------------  Name: Charles W. Smith 
Title: Chief Executive Officer    58    '

