<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex2-1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER
<TEXT>


                                                                 EXECUTION COPY






-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------





                         AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER



                         Dated as of December 15, 2004



                                     Among


                              JOHNSON & JOHNSON,


                            SHELBY MERGER SUB, INC.


                                      And


                              GUIDANT CORPORATION









-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------




<PAGE>






                               TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                           Page

SECTION 1.01      The Merger................................................. 1
SECTION 1.02.     Closing.................................................... 1
SECTION 1.03.     Effective Time............................................. 1
SECTION 1.04.     Effects of the Merger...................................... 2
SECTION 1.05.     Articles of Incorporation and By-laws...................... 2
SECTION 1.06.     Directors.................................................. 2
SECTION 1.07.     Officers................................................... 2


                                  ARTICLE II

  Effect of the Merger on the Capital Stock of the Constituent Corporations;
                           Exchange of Certificates

SECTION 2.01.     Effect on Capital Stock.................................... 3
SECTION 2.02.     Exchange of Certificates................................... 4


                                  ARTICLE III

                        Representations and Warranties

SECTION 3.01.     Representations and Warranties of the Company.............. 7
SECTION 3.02.     Representations and Warranties of Parent and Sub...........28


                                  ARTICLE IV

          Covenants Relating to Conduct of Business; No Solicitation

SECTION 4.01.     Conduct of Business........................................32
SECTION 4.02.     No Solicitation............................................37


                                   ARTICLE V

                             Additional Agreements

SECTION 5.01.     Preparation of the Form S-4 and the Proxy Statement;
                    Shareholders' Meeting....................................40
SECTION 5.02.     Access to Information; Confidentiality.....................41
SECTION 5.03.     Reasonable Best Efforts....................................42
SECTION 5.04.     Company Stock Options; ESPP................................44


                                     (i)


<PAGE>


SECTION 5.05.     Indemnification, Exculpation and Insurance.................45
SECTION 5.06.     Fees and Expenses..........................................46
SECTION 5.07.     Public Announcements.......................................48
SECTION 5.08.     Affiliates.................................................48
SECTION 5.09.     Stock Exchange Listing.....................................48
SECTION 5.10.     Shareholder Litigation.....................................48
SECTION 5.11.     Employee Matters...........................................48
SECTION 5.12.     Company Notes..............................................50
SECTION 5.13.     Rights Agreement...........................................50


                                  ARTICLE VI

                             Conditions Precedent

SECTION 6.01.     Conditions to Each Party's Obligation to Effect the Merger.50
SECTION 6.02.     Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Sub................51
SECTION 6.03.     Conditions to Obligation of the Company....................52
SECTION 6.04.     Frustration of Closing Conditions..........................53


                                  ARTICLE VII

                       Termination, Amendment and Waiver

SECTION 7.01.     Termination................................................53
SECTION 7.02.     Effect of Termination......................................54
SECTION 7.03.     Amendment..................................................54
SECTION 7.04.     Extension; Waiver..........................................54
SECTION 7.05.     Procedure for Termination or Amendment.....................54


                                 ARTICLE VIII

                              General Provisions

SECTION 8.01.     Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties..............55
SECTION 8.02.     Notices....................................................55
SECTION 8.03.     Definitions................................................56
SECTION 8.04.     Interpretation.............................................57
SECTION 8.05.     Consents and Approvals.....................................57
SECTION 8.06.     Counterparts...............................................58
SECTION 8.07.     Entire Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries.............58
SECTION 8.08.     GOVERNING LAW..............................................58
SECTION 8.09.     Assignment.................................................58
SECTION 8.10.     Specific Enforcement; Consent to Jurisdiction..............58
SECTION 8.11.     Waiver of Jury Trial.......................................58
SECTION 8.12.     Severability...............................................59


                                     (ii)


<PAGE>


Annex I      Index of Defined Terms
Exhibit A    Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation
Exhibit B    Affiliate Letter


                                    (iii)


<PAGE>



                         AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this "Agreement") dated
                    as of December 15, 2004, among JOHNSON & JOHNSON, a
                    New Jersey corporation ("Parent"), SHELBY MERGER SUB, INC.,
                    an Indiana corporation and a wholly owned Subsidiary of
                    Parent ("Sub"), and GUIDANT CORPORATION, an Indiana
                    corporation (the "Company").


          WHEREAS the Board of Directors of each of the Company and Sub has
adopted, and the Board of Directors of Parent has approved, this Agreement and
the merger of Sub with and into the Company (the "Merger"), upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, whereby each issued and
outstanding share of common stock, without par value, of the Company ("Company
Common Stock"), other than shares of Company Common Stock directly owned by
Parent, Sub or the Company, will be converted into the right to receive (a) a
number of validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable shares of common stock,
par value $1.00 per share, of Parent ("Parent Common Stock") and (b) $30.40 in
cash, without interest; and

          WHEREAS Parent, Sub and the Company desire to make certain
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in connection with the
Merger and also to prescribe various conditions to the Merger.

          NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties,
covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, and subject to the
conditions set forth herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:


                                   ARTICLE I

                                  THE MERGER

          SECTION 1.01. THE MERGER. Upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in this Agreement, and in accordance with the Business
Corporation Law of the State of Indiana (the "IBCL"), Sub shall be merged with
and into the Company at the Effective Time. Following the Effective Time, the
separate corporate existence of Sub shall cease and the Company shall continue
as the surviving corporation in the Merger (the "Surviving Corporation") and
shall succeed to and assume all the rights and obligations of Sub in
accordance with the IBCL.

          SECTION 1.02. CLOSING. The closing of the Merger (the "Closing") will
take place at 10:00 a.m. on a date to be specified by the parties, which shall
be no later than the second business day after satisfaction or (to the extent
permitted by applicable Law) waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VI
(other than those conditions that by their terms are to be satisfied at the
Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or (to the extent permitted by
applicable Law) waiver of those conditions), at the offices of Cravath, Swaine
& Moore LLP, Worldwide Plaza, 825 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10019,
unless another time, date or place is agreed to in writing by Parent and the
Company; provided, however, that if all the conditions set forth in Article VI
shall no longer be satisfied or (to the extent permitted by applicable Law)
waived on such second business day, then the Closing shall take place on the
first business day



<PAGE>


                                                                             2


on which all such conditions shall again have been satisfied or (to the extent
permitted by applicable Law) waived unless another time is agreed to in
writing by Parent and the Company. The date on which the Closing occurs is
referred to in this Agreement as the "Closing Date".

          SECTION 1.03. EFFECTIVE TIME. Subject to the provisions of this
Agreement, as soon as practicable on the Closing Date, the parties shall file
with the Secretary of State of the State of Indiana articles of merger (the
"Articles of Merger") executed and acknowledged by the parties in accordance
with the relevant provisions of the IBCL and, as soon as practicable on or
after the Closing Date, shall make all other filings or recordings required
under the IBCL. The Merger shall become effective upon the filing of the
Articles of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Indiana, or at
such later time as Parent and the Company shall agree and shall specify in the
Articles of Merger (the time the Merger becomes effective being the "Effective
Time").

          SECTION 1.04. EFFECTS OF THE MERGER. The Merger shall have the
effects set forth in Section 23-1-40-6 of the IBCL.

          SECTION 1.05. ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION AND BY-LAWS. (a) The
Articles of Incorporation of the Company (the "Company Articles") shall be
amended at the Effective Time to be in the form of Exhibit A and, as so
amended, such Company Articles shall be the Restated Articles of Incorporation
of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter changed or amended as provided
therein or by applicable Law.

          (b) The By-laws of Sub, as in effect immediately prior to the
Effective Time, shall be the By-laws of the Surviving Corporation until
thereafter changed or amended as provided therein or by applicable Law.

          SECTION 1.06. DIRECTORS. The directors of Sub immediately prior to
the Effective Time shall be the directors of the Surviving Corporation until
the earlier of their resignation or removal or until their respective
successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case may be.

          SECTION 1.07. OFFICERS. The officers of the Company immediately prior
to the Effective Time shall be the officers of the Surviving Corporation until
the earlier of their resignation or removal or until their respective
successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case may be.


<PAGE>

                                                                             3


                                  ARTICLE II

               EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON THE CAPITAL STOCK OF THE
              CONSTITUENT CORPORATIONS; EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES

          SECTION 2.01. EFFECT ON CAPITAL STOCK. At the Effective Time, by
virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder of any
shares of Company Common Stock or any shares of capital stock of Parent or
Sub:

          (a) CAPITAL STOCK OF SUB. Each issued and outstanding share of
     capital stock of Sub shall be converted into and become one validly
     issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock, without par
     value, of the Surviving Corporation.

          (b) CANCELATION OF TREASURY STOCK AND PARENT-OWNED STOCK. Each share
     of Company Common Stock that is directly owned by the Company, Parent or
     Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall automatically be
     canceled and shall cease to exist, and no consideration shall be
     delivered in exchange therefor.

          (c) CONVERSION OF COMPANY COMMON STOCK. Subject to Section 2.02(e),
     each share of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately
     prior to the Effective Time (other than shares to be canceled in
     accordance with Section 2.01(b)) shall be converted into the right to
     receive (i) that number (rounded to the nearest 1/10,000 of a share) (the
     "Exchange Ratio") of validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable shares
     of Parent Common Stock (the "Stock Portion") equal to the number
     determined by dividing $45.60 by the Average Parent Stock Price;
     provided, however, that (x) if the number determined by dividing $45.60
     by the Average Parent Stock Price is less than or equal to 0.6797, the
     Exchange Ratio shall be 0.6797 and (y) if the number determined by
     dividing $45.60 by the Average Parent Stock Price is greater than or
     equal to 0.8224, the Exchange Ratio shall be 0.8224 and (ii) $30.40 in
     cash, without interest (the "Cash Portion" and, together with the Stock
     Portion, the "Merger Consideration"). At the Effective Time, all such
     shares of Company Common Stock shall no longer be outstanding and shall
     automatically be canceled and shall cease to exist, and each holder of a
     certificate which immediately prior to the Effective Time represented any
     such shares of Company Common Stock (each, a "Certificate") shall cease
     to have any rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive the
     Merger Consideration, any dividends or other distributions payable
     pursuant to Section 2.02(c) and cash in lieu of any fractional shares
     payable pursuant to Section 2.02(e), in each case to be issued or paid in
     consideration therefor upon surrender of such Certificate in accordance
     with Section 2.02(b), without interest. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if
     between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time, (A) the
     outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock shall have been changed into a
     different number of shares or a different class, by reason of the
     occurrence or record date of any stock dividend, subdivision,
     reclassification, recapitalization, split, combination, exchange of
     shares or similar transaction, (B) Parent declares or pays cash dividends
     in any fiscal quarter in excess of 200% of the amount of regularly
     quarterly dividends paid by the Parent immediately prior to the date
     hereof or (C) Parent engages in any spin-off or split-off, then in any
     such case the Exchange Ratio shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect
     such action. The right


<PAGE>


                                                                             4


     of any holder of a Certificate to receive the Merger Consideration, any
     dividends or other distributions payable pursuant to Section 2.02(c) and
     cash in lieu of any fractional shares payable pursuant to Section 2.02(e)
     shall be subject to and reduced by the amount of any withholding that is
     required under applicable tax Law. "Average Parent Stock Price" means the
     average of the volume weighted averages of the trading prices of Parent
     Common Stock, as such price is reported on the New York Stock Exchange,
     Inc. (the "NYSE") Composite Transaction Tape (as reported by Bloomberg
     Financial Markets or such other source as the parties shall agree in
     writing), for the 15 trading days ending on the third trading day
     immediately preceding the Effective Time.

          SECTION 2.02. EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES. (a) EXCHANGE AGENT. Prior to
the Effective Time, Parent shall appoint EquiServe Trust Company or another
bank or trust company that is reasonably satisfactory to the Company to act as
exchange agent (the "Exchange Agent") for the payment of the Merger
Consideration. At the Effective Time, Parent shall deposit, or cause the
Surviving Corporation to deposit, with the Exchange Agent, for the benefit of
the holders of Certificates, certificates representing shares of Parent Common
Stock and cash in an amount sufficient to pay the aggregate Merger
Consideration required to be paid pursuant to Section 2.01(c). In addition,
Parent shall deposit with the Exchange Agent, as necessary from time to time
after the Effective Time, any dividends or other distributions payable
pursuant to Section 2.02(c) and cash in lieu of any fractional shares payable
pursuant to Section 2.02(e). All shares of Parent Common Stock, cash,
dividends and distributions deposited with the Exchange Agent pursuant to this
Section 2.02(a) shall hereinafter be referred to as the "Exchange Fund".

          (b) Exchange Procedures. As soon as reasonably practicable after the
Effective Time, Parent shall cause the Exchange Agent to mail to each holder
of record of a Certificate whose shares of Company Common Stock were converted
into the right to receive the Merger Consideration, any dividends or other
distributions payable pursuant to Section 2.02(c) and cash in lieu of any
fractional shares payable pursuant to Section 2.02(e) (i) a form of letter of
transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of
loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only upon proper delivery of
the Certificates to the Exchange Agent and which shall be in customary form
and contain customary provisions) and (ii) instructions for use in effecting
the surrender of the Certificates in exchange for the Merger Consideration,
any dividends or other distributions payable pursuant to Section 2.02(c) and
cash in lieu of any fractional shares payable pursuant to Section 2.02(e).
Each holder of record of one or more Certificates shall, upon surrender to the
Exchange Agent of such Certificate or Certificates, together with such letter
of transmittal, duly executed, and such other documents as may reasonably be
required by the Exchange Agent, be entitled to receive in exchange therefor
(i) the amount of cash to which such holder is entitled pursuant to Section
2.01(c), (ii) a certificate or certificates representing that number of whole
shares of Parent Common Stock (after taking into account all Certificates
surrendered by such holder) to which such holder is entitled pursuant to
Section 2.01(c) (which shall be in uncertificated book entry form unless a
physical certificate is requested), (iii) any dividends or distributions
payable pursuant to Section 2.02(c) and (iv) cash in lieu of any fractional
shares payable pursuant to Section 2.02(e), and the Certificates so
surrendered shall forthwith be canceled. In the event of a transfer of
ownership of Company Common Stock which is not registered in the transfer
records of the Company, payment of the Merger Consideration in accordance with
this Section 2.02(b) may be made to a person other than the person in whose
name the Certificate so surrendered is registered if such Certificate


<PAGE>


                                                                             5


shall be properly endorsed or otherwise be in proper form for transfer and the
person requesting such payment shall pay any transfer or other taxes required
by reason of the payment of the Merger Consideration, any dividends or other
distributions payable pursuant to Section 2.02(c) and cash in lieu of any
fractional shares payable pursuant to Section 2.02(e) to a person other than
the registered holder of such Certificate or establish to the reasonable
satisfaction of Parent that such taxes have been paid or are not applicable.
Until surrendered as contemplated by this Section 2.02(b), each Certificate
shall be deemed at any time after the Effective Time to represent only the
right to receive upon such surrender the Merger Consideration, any dividends
or other distributions payable pursuant to Section 2.02(c) and cash in lieu of
any fractional shares payable pursuant to Section 2.02(e). No interest shall
be paid or will accrue on any payment to holders of Certificates pursuant to
the provisions of this Article II.

          (c) DISTRIBUTIONS WITH RESPECT TO UNEXCHANGED SHARES. No dividends
or other distributions with respect to Parent Common Stock with a record date
after the Effective Time shall be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered
Certificate with respect to the shares of Parent Common Stock that the holder
thereof has the right to receive upon the surrender thereof, and no cash
payment in lieu of fractional shares of Parent Common Stock shall be paid to
any such holder pursuant to Section 2.02(e), in each case until the holder of
such Certificate shall have surrendered such Certificate in accordance with
this Article II. Following the surrender of any Certificate, there shall be
paid to the record holder of the certificate representing whole shares of
Parent Common Stock issued in exchange therefor, without interest, (i) at the
time of such surrender, the amount of dividends or other distributions with a
record date after the Effective Time theretofore paid with respect to such
whole shares of Parent Common Stock and the amount of any cash payable in lieu
of a fractional share of Parent Common Stock to which such holder is entitled
pursuant to Section 2.02(e) and (ii) at the appropriate payment date, the
amount of dividends or other distributions with a record date after the
Effective Time but prior to such surrender and a payment date subsequent to
such surrender payable with respect to such whole shares of Parent Common
Stock.

          (d) NO FURTHER OWNERSHIP RIGHTS IN COMPANY COMMON STOCK. The Merger
Consideration, any dividends or other distributions payable pursuant to
Section 2.02(c) and cash in lieu of any fractional shares payable pursuant to
Section 2.02(e) paid upon the surrender of Certificates in accordance with the
terms of this Article II shall be deemed to have been paid in full
satisfaction of all rights pertaining to the shares of Company Common Stock
formerly represented by such Certificates. At the close of business on the day
on which the Effective Time occurs, the share transfer books of the Company
shall be closed, and there shall be no further registration of transfers on
the share transfer books of the Surviving Corporation of the shares of Company
Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time.
If, after the Effective Time, any Certificate is presented to the Surviving
Corporation for transfer, it shall be canceled against delivery of the Merger
Consideration, any dividends or other distributions payable pursuant to
Section 2.02(c) and cash in lieu of any fractional shares payable pursuant to
Section 2.02(e) to the holder thereof as provided in this Article II.

          (e) NO FRACTIONAL SHARES. (i) No certificates or scrip representing
fractional shares of Parent Common Stock shall be issued upon the surrender
for exchange of Certificates, no dividends or other distributions of Parent
shall relate to such fractional share interests and


<PAGE>


                                                                             6


such fractional share interests will not entitle the owner thereof to vote or
to any rights of a shareholder of Parent.

          (ii) In lieu of such fractional share interests, Parent shall pay to
each holder of a Certificate an amount in cash equal to the product obtained
by multiplying (A) the fractional share interest to which such holder (after
taking into account all shares of Company Common Stock formerly represented by
all Certificates surrendered by such holder) would otherwise be entitled by
(B) the per share closing price of Parent Common Stock on the Closing Date
(the "Closing Price"), as such price is reported on the NYSE Composite
Transaction Tape (as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets or such other
source as the parties shall agree in writing).

          (f) TERMINATION OF THE EXCHANGE FUND. Any portion of the Exchange
Fund which remains undistributed to the holders of the Certificates for six
months after the Effective Time shall be delivered to Parent, upon demand, and
any holders of the Certificates who have not theretofore complied with this
Article II shall thereafter look only to Parent for, and Parent shall remain
liable for, payment of their claim for the Merger Consideration, any dividends
or other distributions payable pursuant to Section 2.02(c) and cash in lieu of
any fractional shares payable pursuant to Section 2.02(e) in accordance with
this Article II.

          (g) NO LIABILITY. None of Parent, Sub, the Company, the Surviving
Corporation or the Exchange Agent shall be liable to any person in respect of
any shares of Parent Common Stock, cash, dividends or other distributions from
the Exchange Fund properly delivered to a public official pursuant to any
applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar Law. If any Certificate
shall not have been surrendered prior to four years after the Effective Time
(or immediately prior to such earlier date on which any Merger Consideration
(and any dividends or other distributions payable with respect thereto
pursuant to Section 2.02(c) and cash in lieu of any fractional shares payable
with respect thereto pursuant to Section 2.02(e)) would otherwise escheat to
or become the property of any Governmental Entity), any such Merger
Consideration (and any dividends or other distributions payable with respect
thereto pursuant to Section 2.02(c) and cash in lieu of any fractional shares
payable with respect thereto pursuant to Section 2.02(e)) shall, to the extent
permitted by applicable Law, become the property of Parent, free and clear of
all claims or interest of any person previously entitled thereto.

          (h) INVESTMENT OF EXCHANGE FUND. The Exchange Agent shall invest the
cash included in the Exchange Fund as directed by Parent. Any interest and
other income resulting from such investments shall be paid to and be income of
Parent. If for any reason (including losses) the cash in the Exchange Fund
shall be insufficient to fully satisfy all of the payment obligations to be
made in cash by the Exchange Agent hereunder, Parent shall promptly deposit
cash into the Exchange Fund in an amount which is equal to the deficiency in
the amount of cash required to fully satisfy such cash payment obligations.

          (i) LOST CERTIFICATES. If any Certificate shall have been lost,
stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the
person claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if
required by Parent, the posting by such person of a bond in such reasonable
amount as Parent may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made
against it with respect to such Certificate, the Exchange Agent shall deliver
in exchange for such lost,


<PAGE>


                                                                             7


stolen or destroyed Certificate the Merger Consideration, any dividends or
other distributions payable pursuant to Section 2.02(c) and cash in lieu of
any fractional shares payable pursuant to Section 2.02(e), in each case
pursuant to this Article II.

          (j) WITHHOLDING RIGHTS. Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the
Exchange Agent shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the consideration
otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement to any holder of Certificates
such amounts as Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent is
required to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such payment
under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), or any
provision of state, local or foreign tax Law. To the extent that amounts are
so withheld and paid over to the appropriate taxing authority by Parent, the
Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent, such withheld amounts shall be
treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the holder
of Certificates in respect of which such deduction and withholding was made by
Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent.


                                  ARTICLE III

                        REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

          SECTION 3.01. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY. Except
as disclosed in the Company SEC Documents filed by the Company and publicly
available prior to the date of this Agreement ("Filed Company SEC Documents")
and except as set forth in the disclosure schedule (with specific reference to
the particular Section or subsection of this Agreement to which the
information set forth in such disclosure schedule relates; provided, however,
that any information set forth in one section of the Company Disclosure
Schedule shall be deemed to apply to each other Section or subsection thereof
to which its relevance is readily apparent on its face) delivered by the
Company to Parent prior to the execution of this Agreement (the "Company
Disclosure Schedule"), the Company represents and warrants to Parent and Sub
as follows:

          (a) ORGANIZATION, STANDING AND CORPORATE POWER. Each of the Company
     and its Subsidiaries has been duly organized, and is validly existing and
     in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize that
     concept) under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or
     formation, as the case may be, and has all requisite power and authority
     and possesses all governmental licenses, permits, authorizations and
     approvals necessary to enable it to use its corporate or other name and
     to own, lease or otherwise hold and operate its properties and other
     assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted, except where
     the failure to have such governmental licenses, permits, authorizations
     or approvals individually or in the aggregate has not had and would not
     reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each of the
     Company and its Subsidiaries is duly qualified or licensed to do business
     and is in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize
     that concept) in each jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or
     the ownership, leasing or operation of its properties makes such
     qualification, licensing or good standing necessary, other than in such
     jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified, licensed or in good
     standing individually or in the aggregate has not had and would not
     reasonably be expected to have a Material


<PAGE>


                                                                             8


     Adverse Effect. The Company has made available to Parent, prior to the
     execution of this Agreement, complete and accurate copies of the Company
     Articles and the Company's By-laws (the "Company By-laws"), and the
     comparable organizational documents of each Significant Subsidiary (as
     such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act), in each case
     as amended to the date hereof.

          (b) SUBSIDIARIES. Section 3.01(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
     lists, as of the date hereof, (i) each Significant Subsidiary of the
     Company (including its state of incorporation or formation) and (ii) each
     other Subsidiary of the Company. All of the outstanding capital stock of,
     or other equity interests in, each Significant Subsidiary of the Company,
     is directly or indirectly owned by the Company. All the issued and
     outstanding shares of capital stock of, or other equity interests in,
     each such Subsidiary owned by the Company have been validly issued and
     are fully paid and nonassessable and are owned directly or indirectly by
     the Company free and clear of all pledges, liens, charges, encumbrances
     or security interests of any kind or nature whatsoever (other than liens,
     charges and encumbrances for current taxes not yet due and payable)
     (collectively, "Liens"), and free of any restriction on the right to
     vote, sell or otherwise dispose of such capital stock or other equity
     interests. Except with respect to securities of non-Affiliates that, to
     the Knowledge of the Company, do not constitute a 20% or greater interest
     in such non-Affiliates (or a 5% or greater interest in such
     non-Affiliates if the Company's investment therein is greater than
     $20,000,000), and except for the capital stock of, or voting securities
     or equity interests in, its Subsidiaries, the Company does not own,
     directly or indirectly, as of the date hereof, any capital stock of, or
     other voting securities or equity interests in, any corporation,
     partnership, joint venture, association or other entity.

          (c) CAPITAL STRUCTURE. The authorized capital stock of the Company
     consists of 1,000,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock and 50,000,000
     shares of preferred stock, without par value ("Company Preferred Stock").
     1,500,000 shares of Company Preferred Stock have been designated as
     Series A Participating Preferred Stock, without par value (the "Company
     Series A Preferred Stock"). At the close of business on December 14,
     2004, (i) 321,485,774 shares of Company Common Stock were issued and
     outstanding (which number includes (A) 535,645 shares of Company Common
     Stock held by the Company in its treasury, (B) 1,934,116 shares of
     Company Common Stock held by the trust established under The Guidant
     Employee Savings and Stock Ownership Plan and (C) 919,276 shares of
     Company Common Stock subject to vesting and restrictions on transfer
     ("Company Restricted Stock")), (ii) 41,590,880 shares of
     Company Common Stock were reserved and available for issuance pursuant to
     the Company's 1994 Stock Plan, as amended, 1996 Nonemployee Director
     Stock Plan, as amended, 1998 Stock Plan, as amended, and 2001 Employee
     Stock Purchase Plan (the "ESPP") (such plans, collectively, the "Company
     Stock Plans"), of which 35,485,818 shares of Company Common Stock were
     subject to outstanding Company Stock Options or agreements to issue
     Company Stock Options, and (iii) no shares of Company Preferred Stock
     (including Company Series A Preferred Stock) were issued or outstanding
     or were held by the Company as treasury shares. Except as set forth above
     in this Section 3.01(c), at the close of business on December 14, 2004,
     no shares of capital stock or other voting securities or equity interests
     of the Company were



<PAGE>


                                                                             9


     issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding. At the close of business on
     December 14, 2004, there were no outstanding stock appreciation rights,
     "phantom" stock rights, restricted stock units, performance units, rights
     to receive shares of Company Common Stock on a deferred basis or other
     rights (other than Company Stock Options) that are linked to the value of
     Company Common Stock (collectively, "Company Stock-Based Awards"). All
     outstanding options to purchase shares of Company Common Stock exclusive
     of rights under the ESPP (collectively, "Company Stock Options") and
     shares of Company Restricted Stock are evidenced by stock option
     agreements, restricted stock purchase agreements or other award
     agreements. All outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are,
     and all shares which may be issued pursuant to the Company Stock Options
     or Company Stock-Based Awards will be, when issued in accordance with the
     terms thereof, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
     nonassessable and not subject to preemptive rights. There are no bonds,
     debentures, notes or other indebtedness of the Company having the right
     to vote (or convertible into, or exchangeable for, securities having the
     right to vote) on any matters on which shareholders of the Company may
     vote. Except as set forth above in this Section 3.01(c) and for issuances
     of shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to the Company Stock Options
     set forth above in this Section 3.01(c) and subject to Section 4.01(a),
     (x) there are not issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding (A) any
     shares of capital stock or other voting securities or equity interests of
     the Company, (B) any securities of the Company convertible into or
     exchangeable or exercisable for shares of capital stock or other voting
     securities or equity interests of the Company, (C) any warrants, calls,
     options or other rights to acquire from the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries, and no obligation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
     to issue, any capital stock, voting securities, equity interests or
     securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for capital
     stock or voting securities of the Company or (D) any Company Stock-Based
     Awards and (y) there are not any outstanding obligations of the Company
     or any of its Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any
     such securities or to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued,
     delivered or sold, any such securities. Neither the Company nor any of
     its Subsidiaries is a party to any voting Contract with respect to the
     voting of any such securities. Except as set forth above in this Section
     3.01(c) and subject to Section 4.01(a), there are no outstanding (1)
     securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries convertible into or
     exchangeable or exercisable for shares of capital stock or voting
     securities or equity interests of any Subsidiary of the Company, (2)
     warrants, calls, options or other rights to acquire from the Company or
     any of its Subsidiaries, and no obligation of the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries to issue, any capital stock, voting securities, equity
     interests or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable
     for capital stock or voting securities of any Subsidiary of the Company
     or (3) obligations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to
     repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any such outstanding securities
     or to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold,
     any such securities.

          (d) AUTHORITY; NONCONTRAVENTION. The Company has all requisite
     corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and,
     subject to receipt of the Shareholder Approval, to consummate the
     transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The execution and delivery
     of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company of
     the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been duly


<PAGE>


                                                                            10


     authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company
     and no other corporate proceedings on the part of the Company are
     necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement, subject, in the case of the consummation
     of the Merger, to the obtaining of the Shareholder Approval. This
     Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and,
     assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by each of the
     other parties hereto, constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation
     of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its
     terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer,
     moratorium, reorganization or similar Laws affecting the rights of
     creditors generally and the availability of equitable remedies
     (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding
     in equity or at law). The Board of Directors of the Company, at a meeting
     duly called and held, duly and unanimously adopted by all directors
     present, resolutions (i) adopting this Agreement, the Merger and the
     other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) declaring that it
     is in the best interests of the Company and the shareholders of the
     Company that the Company enter into this Agreement and consummate the
     Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement on the
     terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, (iii)
     directing that the Company use its reasonable best efforts to submit the
     approval of this Agreement to a vote at a meeting of the shareholders of
     the Company within 120 days of the date hereof and (iv) recommending that
     the shareholders of the Company approve this Agreement, which
     resolutions, as of the date of this Agreement, have not been subsequently
     rescinded, modified or withdrawn in any way. The execution and delivery
     of this Agreement by the Company do not, and the consummation by the
     Company of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
     Agreement and compliance by the Company with the provisions of this
     Agreement will not, conflict with, or result in any violation or breach
     of, or default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under,
     or give rise to a right of, or result in, termination, cancelation or
     acceleration of any obligation or to the loss of a benefit under, or
     result in the creation of any Lien in or upon any of the properties or
     other assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under, (x) the
     Company Articles or the Company By-laws or the comparable organizational
     documents of any of its Subsidiaries, (y) any loan or credit agreement,
     bond, debenture, note, mortgage, indenture, lease, supply agreement,
     license agreement, development agreement or other contract, agreement,
     obligation, commitment or instrument that is intended by the Company,
     Parent or any of their respective Subsidiaries, as applicable, to be
     legally binding, (each, including all amendments thereto, a "Contract"),
     to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or any of
     their respective properties or other assets is subject or (z) subject to
     the obtaining of the Shareholder Approval and the governmental filings
     and other matters referred to in the following sentence, any (A) statute,
     law, ordinance, rule or regulation (each, a "Law") applicable to the
     Company or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective properties or
     other assets or (B) order, writ, injunction, decree, judgment or
     stipulation (each, an "Order") applicable to the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries or their respective properties or other assets, other than,
     in the case of clauses (y) and (z), any such conflicts, violations,
     breaches, defaults, rights of termination, cancelation or acceleration,
     losses or Liens that individually or in the aggregate have not had and
     would not reasonably be expected to (x) have a Material Adverse Effect,
     (y) impair in any material respect the


<PAGE>


                                                                            11


     ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement or
     (z) prevent or materially impede, interfere with, hinder or delay the
     consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No
     consent, approval, order or authorization of, action by or in respect of,
     or registration, declaration or filing with, any Federal, state, local or
     foreign government, any court, administrative, regulatory or other
     governmental agency, commission or authority or any organized securities
     exchange (each, a "Governmental Entity") is required by or with respect
     to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the
     execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company or the
     consummation of the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this
     Agreement, except for (1) (A) the filing of a premerger notification and
     report form by the Company under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
     Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the rules and regulations
     thereunder (the "HSR Act") and the termination of the waiting period
     required thereunder, (B) all required notifications and filings by the
     Company under Article 4 of Council Regulation 139/2004 of the European
     Community, as amended (the "EC Merger Regulation"), and the receipt of a
     decision under Article 6(1)(b), 8(1) or 8(2) thereunder declaring the
     Merger compatible with the EC Common Market and (C) the receipt,
     termination or expiration, as applicable, of approvals or waiting periods
     required under any other applicable competition, merger control,
     antitrust or similar Law, (2) the filing with the Securities and Exchange
     Commission (the "SEC") of (X) a proxy statement relating to the adoption
     by the shareholders of the Company of this Agreement (as amended or
     supplemented from time to time, the "Proxy Statement") and (Y) such
     reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (including
     the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the "Exchange Act"), as
     may be required in connection with this Agreement and the transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement, (3) the filing of the Articles of Merger
     with the Secretary of State of the State of Indiana and appropriate
     documents with the relevant authorities of other states in which the
     Company or any of its Subsidiaries is qualified to do business, (4) any
     filings with and approvals of the NYSE and (5) such other consents,
     approvals, orders, authorizations, actions, registrations, declarations
     and filings the failure of which to be obtained or made individually or
     in the aggregate has not had and would not reasonably be expected to (x)
     have a Material Adverse Effect, (y) impair in any material respect the
     ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement or
     (z) prevent or materially impede, interfere with, hinder or delay the
     consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

          (e) COMPANY SEC DOCUMENTS. (i) The Company has filed all reports,
     schedules, forms, statements and other documents (including exhibits and
     other information incorporated therein) with the SEC required to be filed
     by the Company since January 1, 2003 (such documents, together with any
     documents filed during such period by the Company with the SEC on a
     voluntary basis on Current Reports on Form 8-K, the "Company SEC
     Documents"). As of their respective filing dates, the Company SEC
     Documents complied in all material respects with, to the extent in effect
     at the time of filing, the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as
     amended (including the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the
     "Securities Act"), the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
     (including the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, "SOX")
     applicable to such Company SEC Documents, and none of the Company SEC
     Documents contained any untrue statement of a material fact or


<PAGE>


                                                                            12


     omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
     necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
     circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Except to the
     extent that information contained in any Company SEC Document has been
     revised, amended, supplemented or superseded by a later-filed Company SEC
     Document, none of the Company SEC Documents contains any untrue statement
     of a material fact or omits to state any material fact required to be
     stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
     light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading,
     which individually or in the aggregate would require an amendment,
     supplement or corrective filing to such Company SEC Documents. Each of
     the financial statements (including the related notes) of the Company
     included in the Company SEC Documents complied at the time it was filed
     as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting
     requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with
     respect thereto in effect at the time of filing, had been prepared in
     accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United
     States ("GAAP") (except, in the case of unaudited statements, as
     permitted by the rules and regulations of the SEC) applied on a
     consistent basis during the periods involved (except as may be indicated
     in the notes thereto) and fairly presented in all material respects the
     consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated
     Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of
     their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in
     the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments).
     Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liabilities or
     obligations of any nature (whether accrued, absolute, contingent or
     otherwise) which individually or in the aggregate have had or would
     reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. None of the
     Subsidiaries of the Company are, or have at any time since January 1,
     2003 been, subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13(a) or
     15(d) of the Exchange Act.

          (ii) Each of the principal executive officer of the Company and the
     principal financial officer of the Company (or each former principal
     executive officer of the Company and each former principal financial
     officer of the Company, as applicable) has made all certifications
     required by Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 under the Exchange Act and Sections 302
     and 906 of SOX with respect to the Company SEC Documents, and the
     statements contained in such certifications are true and accurate. For
     purposes of this Agreement, "principal executive officer" and "principal
     financial officer" shall have the meanings given to such terms in SOX.
     Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has outstanding, or has
     arranged any outstanding, "extensions of credit" to directors or
     executive officers within the meaning of Section 402 of SOX.

          (iii) The Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls
     sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (A) transactions are
     executed in accordance with management's general or specific
     authorizations; (B) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with
     management's general or specific authorization; and (C) the recorded
     accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at
     reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any
     differences.

          (iv) The Company's "disclosure controls and procedures" (as defined
     in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) are reasonably
     designed to ensure


<PAGE>


                                                                            13


     that all information (both financial and non-financial) required to be
     disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under
     the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
     the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that
     all such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company's
     management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
     disclosure and to make the certifications of the chief executive officer
     and chief financial officer of the Company required under the Exchange
     Act with respect to such reports.

          (f) INFORMATION SUPPLIED. None of the information supplied or to be
     supplied by or on behalf of the Company specifically for inclusion or
     incorporation by reference in (i) the registration statement on Form S-4
     to be filed with the SEC by Parent in connection with the issuance of
     shares of Parent Common Stock in the Merger (as amended or supplemented
     from time to time, the "Form S-4") will, at the time the Form S-4 is
     filed with the SEC and at the time it becomes effective under the
     Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
     to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
     make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
     they are made, not misleading or (ii) the Proxy Statement will, at the
     date it is first mailed to the shareholders of the Company and at the
     time of the Shareholders' Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a
     material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
     therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of
     the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading, except that
     no representation or warranty is made by the Company with respect to
     statements made or incorporated by reference therein based on information
     supplied by or on behalf of Parent or Sub specifically for inclusion or
     incorporation by reference in the Form S-4 or the Proxy Statement. The
     Proxy Statement will comply as to form in all material respects with the
     requirements of the Exchange Act.

          (g) ABSENCE OF CERTAIN CHANGES OR EVENTS. Except for liabilities
     incurred in connection with this Agreement or as expressly permitted
     pursuant to Section 4.01(a)(i) through (xvi), since the date of the most
     recent financial statements included in the Filed Company SEC Documents,
     the Company and its Subsidiaries have conducted their respective
     businesses only in the ordinary course consistent with past practice, and
     there has not been any Material Adverse Change, and from such date until
     the date hereof there has not been (i) any declaration, setting aside or
     payment of any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, stock or
     property) with respect to any capital stock of the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries, other than (x) cash dividends payable by the Company in
     respect of shares of Company Common Stock consistent with past practice
     and not exceeding $0.10 per share of Company Common Stock per fiscal
     quarter or (y) dividends or distributions by a direct or indirect wholly
     owned Subsidiary of the Company to its shareholders, (ii) any purchase,
     redemption or other acquisition by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
     of any shares of capital stock or any other securities of the Company or
     any of its Subsidiaries or any options, warrants, calls or rights to
     acquire such shares or other securities, other than in connection with
     net share withholding in connection with the vesting of Company
     Restricted Stock, (iii) any split, combination or reclassification of any
     capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any issuance
     or the authorization of any issuance of any other securities in respect
     of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of their respective capital
     stock,


<PAGE>


                                                                            14


     (iv) (A) any granting by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any
     current or former (1) director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
     or (2) employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries who is treated
     as a Tier I Employee (a "Tier I Employee") or Tier II Employee (a "Tier
     II Employee") for purposes of the Company's Change in Control Severance
     Pay Plan for Select Employees (all individuals described in the foregoing
     clauses (1) and (2) of this clause (A), collectively, the "Key
     Personnel") of any increase in compensation, bonus or fringe or other
     benefits, except for normal increases in cash compensation (including
     cash bonuses) in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
     practice or as was required under any Company Benefit Agreement or
     Company Benefit Plan, (B) any granting by the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries to any Key Personnel of (1) any increase in severance or
     termination pay or (2) any right to receive any severance or termination
     pay except for severance or termination pay received in the ordinary
     course of business consistent with past practice or as was required under
     any Company Benefit Agreement or Company Benefit Plan, (C) any entry by
     the Company or any of its Subsidiaries into, or any amendments of, (1)
     any employment, deferred compensation, consulting, severance, change of
     control, termination or indemnification Contract with any Key Personnel
     or (2) any Contract with any Key Personnel the benefits of which are
     contingent, or the terms of which are materially altered, upon the
     occurrence of a transaction involving the Company of a nature
     contemplated by this Agreement (all such Contracts under this clause (C),
     collectively, "Company Benefit Agreements"), (D) the removal or
     modification of any restrictions in any Company Benefit Agreement or
     Company Benefit Plan or awards made thereunder, except as required to
     comply with applicable Law or any Company Benefit Agreement or Company
     Benefit Plan in effect as of the date hereof or (E) the adoption,
     amendment or termination of any Company Benefit Plan, other than, in the
     cases of clauses (A), (B), (C) and (D), such increases, amendments, new
     agreements, removals, modifications or terminations with respect to Tier
     II Employees that (1) do not provide for any increase in compensation or
     benefits for any individual Tier II Employee that is material in relation
     to such Tier II Employee's compensation or benefits prior to such
     increase and (2) in the aggregate do not result in any material increase
     in compensation, benefits or other similar expenses of the Company and
     its Subsidiaries, (v) any damage, destruction or loss, whether or not
     covered by insurance, that individually or in the aggregate has had or
     would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (vi) any
     change in accounting methods, principles or practices by the Company
     materially affecting its assets, liabilities or businesses, except
     insofar as may have been required by a change in GAAP or (vii) any
     material tax election or any settlement or compromise of any material
     income tax liability.

          (h) LITIGATION. Except with respect to taxes, which are the subject
     of Section 3.01(n), there is no suit, action or proceeding pending or, to
     the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company
     or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective assets that
     individually or in the aggregate has had or would reasonably be expected
     to have a Material Adverse Effect, nor is there any demand, letter or
     Order of any Governmental Entity or arbitrator outstanding against, or,
     to the Knowledge of the Company, investigation by any Governmental Entity
     involving, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their
     respective assets that individually or in


<PAGE>


                                                                            15


     the aggregate has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material
     Adverse Effect.

          (i) CONTRACTS. (1) As of the date hereof, neither the Company nor
     any of its Subsidiaries is a party to, and none of their respective
     properties or other assets is subject to, any Contract that is a
     "material contract" (as such term is defined in Item 601(b)(10) of
     Regulation S-K of the SEC) (a "Material Contract"). None of the Company,
     any of its Subsidiaries or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any other
     party thereto is in violation of or in default under (nor does there
     exist any condition which upon the passage of time or the giving of
     notice or both would cause such a violation of or default by the Company
     or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any other
     party thereto under) any Contract to which it is a party or by which it
     or any of its properties or other assets is bound, except for violations
     or defaults that individually or in the aggregate have not had and would
     not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the
     Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered into any Contract that is
     currently in effect that is required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404
     of Regulation S-K of the SEC.

          (2) Section 3.01(i)(2) of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains a
     complete and accurate list, as of the date hereof, of (A) each material
     Contract restricting or purporting to restrict any of the Company's
     Affiliates' ability to compete (other than each such Contract that only
     restricts the Company's Subsidiaries' ability to compete) in any line of
     business, geographic area or customer segment, (B) each material Contract
     restricting the Company's or any of its Subsidiaries' ability to compete
     in any line of business, geographic area or customer segment and (C) each
     material Contract relating to distribution, sale, supply, licensing,
     co-promotion or manufacturing of any products or services of the Company
     or any of its Subsidiaries or any products licensed by the Company or any
     of its Subsidiaries.

          (j) COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS; ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS. (i) Except with
     respect to Environmental Laws, the Employee Retirement Income Security
     Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), taxes and regulatory compliance, which
     are the subjects of Sections 3.01(j)(ii), 3.01(l), 3.01(n) and 3.01(u),
     respectively, each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is in compliance
     with all Laws and Orders (collectively, "Legal Provisions") applicable to
     it, its properties or other assets or its business or operations, except
     for failures to be in compliance that individually or in the aggregate
     have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
     Adverse Effect. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has in effect
     all approvals, authorizations, certificates, filings, franchises,
     licenses, notices and permits of or with all Governmental Entities
     (collectively, "Permits"), including all Permits under the Federal Food,
     Drug and Cosmetic Act of 1938, as amended (including the rules and
     regulations promulgated thereunder, the "FDCA"), necessary for it to own,
     lease or operate its properties and other assets and to carry on its
     business and operations as currently conducted, except where the failure
     to have such Permits individually or in the aggregate has not had and
     would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Since
     January 1, 2000, there has occurred no default under, or violation of,
     any such Permit, except for any such default or violation that
     individually or in the aggregate has not had and would not


<PAGE>


                                                                            16


     reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The
     consummation of the Merger, in and of itself, would not cause the
     revocation or cancelation of any such Permit that individually or in the
     aggregate would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

          (ii) Except for those matters that individually or in the aggregate
     have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
     Adverse Effect: (A) during the period of ownership or operation by the
     Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any of its currently or formerly
     owned, leased or operated properties, there have been no Releases of
     Hazardous Materials in, on, under or affecting any properties which would
     subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability under any
     Environmental Law or require any expenditure by the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries for remediation to meet applicable standards thereunder; (B)
     prior to and after, as applicable, the period of ownership or operation
     by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any of its currently or
     formerly owned, leased or operated properties, to the Knowledge of the
     Company, there were no Releases of Hazardous Materials in, on, under or
     affecting any properties which would subject the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries to any liability under any Environmental Law or require any
     expenditure by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for remediation to
     meet applicable standards thereunder; (C) neither the Company nor any of
     its Subsidiaries is subject to any indemnity obligation or other Contract
     with any person relating to obligations or liabilities under
     Environmental Laws; and (D) to the Knowledge of the Company, there are no
     facts, circumstances or conditions that would reasonably be expected to
     form the basis for any investigation, suit, claim, action, proceeding or
     liability against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
     relating to or arising under Environmental Laws. The term "Environmental
     Laws" means all applicable Federal, state, local and foreign Laws
     (including the common law), Orders, notices, Permits or binding Contracts
     issued, promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Entity, relating
     in any way to the environment, preservation or reclamation of natural
     resources or the presence, management, Release of, or exposure to,
     Hazardous Materials, or to human health and safety. The term "Hazardous
     Materials" means (1) petroleum products and by-products, asbestos and
     asbestos-containing materials, urea formaldehyde foam insulation, medical
     or infectious wastes, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, radioactive
     substances, chlorofluorocarbons and all other ozone-depleting substances
     and (2) any other chemical, material, substance, waste, pollutant or
     contaminant that is prohibited, limited or regulated by or pursuant to
     any Environmental Law. The term "Release" means any spilling, leaking,
     pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping,
     leaching, dumping, disposing or migrating into or through the environment
     or any natural or man-made structure.

          (k) LABOR RELATIONS. From the date of the most recent financial
     statements included in the Filed Company SEC Documents through the date
     hereof, there has not been any adoption, material amendment or
     termination by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any collective
     bargaining or other labor union Contract to which the Company or any of
     its Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries is bound. There are no collective bargaining or other labor
     union Contracts to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a
     party or by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound. As of
     the date of this Agreement, none of the employees


<PAGE>


                                                                            17


     of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are represented by any union
     with respect to their employment by the Company or such Subsidiary. Since
     January 1, 2003, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has
     experienced any material labor disputes, union organization attempts or
     work stoppages, slowdowns or lockouts due to labor disagreements.

          (l) ERISA COMPLIANCE. (i) Section 3.01(l)(i) of the Company
     Disclosure Schedule contains a complete and accurate list of each
     employment, bonus, pension, profit sharing, deferred compensation,
     incentive compensation, stock ownership, stock purchase, stock
     appreciation, restricted stock, stock option, "phantom" stock,
     performance, retirement, thrift, savings, stock bonus, paid time off,
     perquisite, fringe benefit, vacation, severance, disability, death
     benefit, hospitalization, medical, welfare benefit or other plan,
     program, policy or Contract maintained, contributed to or required to be
     maintained or contributed to by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
     any other person or entity that, together with the Company, is treated as
     a single employer under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code
     (each, a "Commonly Controlled Entity") (exclusive of any such plan,
     program, policy or Contract mandated by and maintained solely pursuant to
     applicable law), in each case providing benefits to any current or former
     director, officer or employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
     (collectively, but exclusive of individual option and restricted award
     agreements issued under the Company Stock Plans, the "Company Benefit
     Plans") and each Company Benefit Agreement (exclusive of local offer
     letters mandated under applicable non-U.S. law that do not impose any
     severance obligations other than any mandatory statutory severance). Each
     Company Benefit Plan that is an "employee pension benefit plan" (as
     defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA) is sometimes referred to herein as a
     "Company Pension Plan" and each Company Benefit Plan that is an "employee
     welfare benefit plan" (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA) is sometimes
     referred to herein as a "Company Welfare Plan".

          (ii) The Company has provided to Parent complete and accurate copies
     of (A) each Company Benefit Plan or, at the Company's option, in the case
     of Company Benefit Plans maintained primarily for the benefit of
     individuals regularly employed outside the United States, a summary
     thereof (or, in either case, with respect to any unwritten Company
     Benefit Plans, descriptions thereof) and Company Benefit Agreements
     (exclusive of local offer letters mandated under applicable non-U.S. law
     that do not impose any severance obligations other than any mandatory
     statutory severance), (B) the two most recent annual reports on Form 5500
     required to be filed with the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") with
     respect to each Company Benefit Plan (if any such report was required),
     (C) the most recent summary plan description for each Company Benefit
     Plan for which such summary plan description is required and (D) each
     trust Contract and insurance or group annuity Contract relating to any
     Company Benefit Plan.

          (iii) Each Company Benefit Plan has been administered in all
     material respects in accordance with its terms. The Company, its
     Subsidiaries and all the Company Benefit Plans are all in compliance in
     all material respects with the applicable provisions of


<PAGE>


                                                                            18


     ERISA, the Code and all other applicable Laws, including Laws of foreign
     jurisdictions, and the terms of all collective bargaining Contracts.

          (iv) All Company Pension Plans intended to be tax-qualified have
     received favorable determination letters from the IRS with respect to
     "TRA" (as defined in Section 1 of IRS Rev. Proc. 93-39), and have timely
     filed with the IRS determination letter applications (or have received
     such a determination letter) with respect to "GUST" (as defined in
     Section 1 of IRS Notice 2001-42), to the effect that such Company Pension
     Plans are qualified and exempt from Federal income taxes under Sections
     401(a) and 501(a), respectively, of the Code, no such determination
     letter has been revoked (nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, has
     revocation been threatened) and to the Knowledge of the Company, no event
     has occurred since the date of the most recent determination letter or
     application therefor relating to any such Company Pension Plan that would
     reasonably be expected to adversely affect the qualification of such
     Company Pension Plan or materially increase the costs relating thereto or
     require security under Section 307 of ERISA. The Company has provided to
     Parent a complete and accurate copy of the most recent determination
     letter received prior to the date hereof with respect to each Company
     Pension Plan, as well as a complete and accurate copy of each pending
     application for a determination letter, if any. The Company has also
     provided to Parent a complete and accurate list of all amendments to any
     Company Pension Plan as to which a favorable determination letter has not
     yet been received.

          (v) Neither the Company nor any Commonly Controlled Entity has,
     during the six-year period ending on the date hereof, maintained,
     contributed to or been required to contribute to any Company Pension Plan
     that is subject to Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code, or any
     "multiemployer plan" as defined in Section 3(37) or 4001(a)(3) of ERISA.
     Except as has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a
     Material Adverse Effect, neither the Company nor any Commonly Controlled
     Entity has any unsatisfied liability under Title IV of ERISA. To the
     Knowledge of the Company, no condition exists that presents a material
     risk to the Company or any Commonly Controlled Entity of incurring a
     material liability under Title IV of ERISA. The Pension Benefit Guaranty
     Corporation has not instituted proceedings under Section 4042 of ERISA to
     terminate any Company Benefit Plan and, to the Knowledge of the Company,
     no condition exists that presents a material risk that such proceedings
     will be instituted.

          (vi) Except as has not had and would not reasonably be expected to
     have a Material Adverse Effect, (A) all reports, returns and similar
     documents with respect to all Company Benefit Plans required to be filed
     with any Governmental Entity or distributed to any Company Benefit Plan
     participant have been duly and timely filed or distributed, (B) none of
     the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received notice of, and to the
     Knowledge of the Company, there are no investigations by any Governmental
     Entity with respect to, termination proceedings or other claims (except
     claims for benefits payable in the normal operation of the Company
     Benefit Plans), suits or proceedings against or involving any Company
     Benefit Plan or asserting any rights or claims to benefits under any
     Company Benefit Plan that could reasonably be expected to give rise to
     any material


<PAGE>


                                                                            19


     liability and (C) to the Knowledge of the Company, there are not any
     facts that could give rise to any liability in the event of any such
     investigation, claim, suit or proceeding.

          (vii) Except as has not had and would not reasonably be expected to
     have a Material Adverse Effect, (A) all contributions, premiums and
     benefit payments under or in connection with the Company Benefit Plans
     that are required to have been made as of the date hereof in accordance
     with the terms of the Company Benefit Plans have been timely made or have
     been reflected on the most recent consolidated balance sheet filed or
     incorporated by reference into the Filed Company SEC Documents and (B) no
     Company Pension Plan has an "accumulated funding deficiency" (as such
     term is defined in Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code),
     whether or not waived.

          (viii) With respect to each Company Benefit Plan, except as has not
     had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
     Effect, (A) there has not occurred any prohibited transaction (within the
     meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) in which the
     Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective employees,
     or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any trustee, administrator or other
     fiduciary of such Company Benefit Plan, or any agent of the foregoing,
     has engaged that could reasonably be expected to subject the Company or
     any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective employees, or any such
     trustee, administrator or other fiduciary, to the tax or penalty on
     prohibited transactions imposed by Section 4975 of the Code or the
     sanctions imposed under Title I of ERISA and (B) neither the Company, any
     of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective employees nor, to the
     Knowledge of the Company, any trustee, administrator or other fiduciary
     of any Company Benefit Plan nor any agent of any of the foregoing, has
     engaged in any transaction or acted in a manner, or failed to act in a
     manner, that could reasonably be expected to subject the Company or any
     of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective employees or, to the
     Knowledge of the Company, any such trustee, administrator or other
     fiduciary, to any liability for breach of fiduciary duty under ERISA or
     any other applicable Law.

          (ix) Each Company Welfare Plan may be amended or terminated
     (including with respect to benefits provided to retirees and other former
     employees) without material liability to the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries at any time after the Effective Time. Each of the Company
     and its Subsidiaries complies in all material respects with the
     applicable requirements of Section 4980B(f) of the Code, Sections 601-
     609 of ERISA or any similar state or local Law with respect to each
     Company Benefit Plan that is a group health plan, as such term is defined
     in Section 5000(b)(1) of the Code or such state Law. Neither the Company
     nor any of its Subsidiaries has any material obligations for health or
     life insurance benefits following termination of employment under any
     Company Benefit Plan (other than for continuation coverage required under
     Section 4980(B)(f) of the Code).

          (x) None of the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the
     obtaining of the Shareholder Approval or the consummation of the Merger
     or any other transaction contemplated by this Agreement (alone or in
     conjunction with any other event, including as a result of any
     termination of employment on or following the Effective Time) will (A)
     entitle any current or former director, officer, employee or consultant
     of the


<PAGE>


                                                                            20


     Company or any of its Subsidiaries to severance or termination pay, (B)
     accelerate the time of payment or vesting, or trigger any payment or
     funding (through a grantor trust or otherwise) of, compensation or
     benefits under, increase the amount payable or trigger any other material
     obligation pursuant to, any Company Benefit Plan or Company Benefit
     Agreement or (C) result in any breach or violation of, or a default
     under, any Company Benefit Plan or Company Benefit Agreement.

          (xi) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any
     material liability or obligations, including under or on account of a
     Company Benefit Plan, arising out of the hiring of persons to provide
     services to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and treating such
     persons as consultants or independent contractors and not as employees of
     the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. No current or former independent
     contractor that provides or provided personal services to the Company or
     its Subsidiaries (other than a current or former director) is entitled to
     any material fringe or other benefits (other than cash consulting fees)
     pursuant to any plan, program, policy or Contract to which the Company or
     any of its Subsidiaries is a party or which is maintained, sponsored or
     contributed to by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

          (xii) No material deduction by the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries in respect of any "applicable employee remuneration" (within
     the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code) has been disallowed or is
     subject to disallowance by reason of Section 162(m) of the Code. For each
     of the Key Personnel, the Company has previously provided to Parent (A)
     accurate Form W-2 information for the 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002 and 2003
     calendar years, (B) annual base salary as of the date hereof, actual
     bonus earned for the 2003 calendar year and target annual bonus for the
     2004 calendar year and (C) a list, as of the date hereof, of all
     outstanding Company Stock Options, Company Restricted Stock and Company
     Stock-Based Awards granted under the Company Stock Plans or otherwise
     (other than rights under the ESPP), together with (as applicable) the
     number of shares of Company Common Stock subject thereto, and the grant
     dates, expiration dates, exercise or base prices and vesting schedules
     thereof, (D) estimated current annual cost of welfare benefits and (E)
     estimated cost of the pension benefit enhancement under Section 8 of the
     Company's Change in Control Severance Plan for Select Employees.

          (m) NO PARACHUTE GROSS UP. Except as provided in accordance with the
     Company's Change in Control Severance Pay Plan for Select Employees, no
     current or former employee or director of the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries is entitled to receive any additional payment from the
     Company or any of its Subsidiaries or the Surviving Corporation by reason
     of the excise tax required by Section 4999(a) of the Code being imposed
     on such person by reason of the transactions contemplated by this
     Agreement.

          (n) TAXES. Except as has not had and would not reasonably be
     expected to have a Material Adverse Effect:

          (i) All tax returns required by applicable Law to have been filed
     with any taxing authority by, or on behalf of, the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries have been


<PAGE>


                                                                            21


     filed in a timely manner (taking into account any valid extension) in
     accordance with all applicable Laws, and all such tax returns are true
     and complete in all material respects.

          (ii) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has paid (or has had
     paid on its behalf) all taxes due and owing, and the Company's most
     recent financial statements included in the Filed Company SEC Documents
     reflect an adequate accrual for all taxes payable by Company and its
     Subsidiaries for all taxable periods and portions thereof accrued through
     the date of such financial statements.

          (iii) There are no Liens or encumbrances for taxes on any of the
     assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries other than for taxes not
     yet due and payable.

          (iv) The Company and its Subsidiaries have complied with all
     applicable Laws relating to the payment and withholding of taxes.

          (v) No written notification has been received by the Company or any
     of its Subsidiaries that any federal, state, local or foreign audit,
     examination or similar proceeding is pending, proposed or asserted with
     regard to any taxes or tax returns of the Company or its Subsidiaries.

          (vi) There is no currently effective Contract extending, or having
     the effect of extending, the period of assessment or collection of any
     federal, state and, to the Knowledge of the Company, foreign taxes with
     respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries nor has any request
     been made for any such extension.

          (vii) No written notice of a claim of pending investigation has been
     received from any state, local or other jurisdiction with which the
     Company or any of its Subsidiaries currently does not file tax returns,
     alleging that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has a duty to file
     tax returns and pay taxes or is otherwise subject to the taxing authority
     of such jurisdiction.

          (viii) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries joins or has
     joined, for any taxable period during the eight years prior to the date
     of this Agreement, in the filing of any affiliated, aggregate,
     consolidated, combined or unitary federal, state, local and, to the
     Knowledge of the Company, foreign tax return other than consolidated tax
     returns for the consolidated group of which the Company is the common
     parent.

          (ix) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to
     or bound by any tax sharing agreement or tax indemnity agreement,
     arrangement or practice (including any advance pricing agreement, closing
     agreement or other agreement relating to taxes with any taxing
     authority).

          (x) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has constituted
     either a "distributing corporation" or a "controlled corporation" in a
     distribution of stock qualifying for tax-free treatment under Section 355
     of the Code in the two years prior to the date of this Agreement.


<PAGE>


                                                                            22


          (xi) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will be
     required to include in a taxable period ending after the Effective Time
     taxable income attributable to income that accrued in a prior taxable
     period (or portion of a taxable period) but was not recognized for tax
     purposes in any prior taxable period as a result of (A) an open
     transaction disposition made on or before the Effective Time, (B) a
     prepaid amount received on or prior to the Effective Time, (C) the
     installment method of accounting, (D) the long-term contract method of
     accounting, (E) the cash method of accounting or Section 481 of the Code
     or (F) any comparable provisions of state or local tax Law, domestic or
     foreign, or for any other reason, other than any amounts that are
     specifically reflected in a reserve for taxes on the most recent
     financial statements of the Company included in the Filed Company SEC
     Documents.

          (xii) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered
     into a "listed transaction" within the meaning of Treasury Regulation
     {section} 1.6011-4(b)(2)

          (xiii) As used in this Agreement (A) "tax" means (i) any tax, duty,
     governmental fee or other like assessment or charge of any kind
     whatsoever (including withholding on amounts paid to or by any person and
     liabilities with respect to unclaimed funds), together with any related
     interest, penalty, addition to tax or additional amount, and any
     liability for any of the foregoing as transferee, (ii) in the case of the
     Company or any of its Subsidiaries, liability for the payment of any
     amount of the type described in clause (i) as a result of being or having
     been before the Effective Time a member of an affiliated, consolidated,
     combined or unitary group, or a party to any Contract as a result of
     which liability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is determined
     or taken into account with reference to the activities of any other
     person and (iii) in the case of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
     liability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for the payment of
     any amount as a result of being party to any tax sharing Contract or with
     respect to the payment of any amount imposed on any person of the type
     described in (i) or (ii) as a result of any existing Contract (including
     an indemnification Contract); (B) "taxing authority" means any Federal,
     state, local or foreign government, any subdivision, agency, commission
     or authority thereof, or any quasi-governmental body exercising tax
     regulatory authority; and (C) "tax return" means any report, return,
     document, declaration or other information or filing required to be filed
     with respect to taxes (whether or not a payment is required to be made
     with respect to such filing), including information returns, any
     documents with respect to or accompanying payments of estimated taxes, or
     with respect to or accompanying requests for the extension of time in
     which to file any such report, return, document, declaration or other
     information.

          (o) TITLE TO PROPERTIES. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries
     has valid title to, or valid leasehold or sublease interests or other
     comparable contract rights in or relating to all of its real properties
     and other tangible assets necessary for the conduct of its business as
     currently conducted, except as have been disposed of in the ordinary
     course of business and except for defects in title, easements,
     restrictive covenants and similar encumbrances that individually or in
     the aggregate have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a
     Material Adverse Effect. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has
     complied with the terms of all leases or subleases to which it is a party
     and under which it is in occupancy, and all leases to which the Company
     is a party and


<PAGE>


                                                                            23


     under which it is in occupancy are in full force and effect, except for
     such failure to comply or be in full force and effect that individually
     or in the aggregate has not had and would not reasonably be expected to
     have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its
     Subsidiaries has received any written notice of any event or occurrence
     that has resulted or could result (with or without the giving of notice,
     the lapse of time or both) in a default with respect to any lease or
     sublease to which it is a party, which defaults individually or in the
     aggregate have had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material
     Adverse Effect.

          (p) INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. (i) Section 3.01(p)(i) of the Company
     Disclosure Schedule sets forth, as of the date hereof, a complete and
     accurate list (in all material respects) of all patents and applications
     therefor, registered trademarks and applications therefor, domain name
     registrations and copyright registrations (if any) that, in each case,
     are owned by or licensed to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and
     are material to the conduct of the business of the Company and its
     Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as currently conducted. Such intellectual
     property rights required to be listed in Section 3.01(p)(i) of the
     Company Disclosure Schedule, together with any tradename rights, trade
     secret or know how rights, service mark rights, trademark rights, patent
     rights, intellectual property rights in computer programs or software or
     other type of intellectual property rights, in each case, that are owned
     or licensed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and are material to
     the conduct of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as
     a whole, as currently conducted, are collectively referred to herein as
     "Intellectual Property Rights". All Intellectual Property Rights are
     either (x) owned by the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company free and
     clear of all Liens or (y) licensed to the Company or a Subsidiary of the
     Company free and clear (to the Knowledge of the Company) of all Liens,
     except where the failure to so own or license such Intellectual Property
     Rights individually or in the aggregate has not had and would not
     reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There are no
     claims pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened with
     regard to the ownership or, to the Knowledge of the Company, licensing by
     the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any Intellectual Property
     Rights which individually or in the aggregate has had or would reasonably
     be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each of the Company and
     its Subsidiaries owns, is validly licensed or otherwise has the right to
     use all Intellectual Property Rights, except where the failure to own,
     have a valid license or otherwise have rights to use individually or in
     the aggregate has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a
     Material Adverse Effect. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by
     the Company do not, and the consummation by the Company of the Merger and
     the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and compliance by
     the Company with the provisions of this Agreement will not, conflict
     with, or result in any violation or breach of, or default (with or
     without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right
     of, or result in, termination, cancelation or acceleration of any
     obligation or to the loss of a benefit under, or result in the creation
     of any Lien in or upon, any Intellectual Property Right, in each case
     that individually or in the aggregate has had or would reasonably be
     expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Section 3.01(p)(i) of the
     Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth, as of the date hereof, all
     Contracts under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated
     to make payments to third parties for use of any Intellectual Property
     Rights with respect to the


<PAGE>


                                                                            24


     commercialization of any products that are, as of the date hereof, being
     sold, manufactured by or under development by the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries and for which such payments are in excess of $2,000,000 per
     year for any single product. The aggregate amount of all such payments
     that the Company and its Subsidiaries are obligated to make under any
     Contract of the type described in the immediately preceding sentence that
     are not required to be disclosed pursuant to such sentence does not
     exceed $10,000,000 per year.

          (ii) There are no pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
     threatened claims that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has
     infringed or is infringing (including with respect to the manufacture,
     use or sale by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any products or
     to the operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries) any intellectual
     property rights of any person which individually or in the aggregate has
     had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To
     the Knowledge of the Company, as of the date of this Agreement, there are
     no facts, circumstances or conditions that would reasonably be expected
     to form the basis for any claim by a person to exclude or prevent the
     Company or any of its Subsidiaries from freely using its Intellectual
     Property Rights and that individually or in the aggregate would
     reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

          (iii) All patents required to be listed in Section 3.01(p)(i) of the
     Company Disclosure Schedule that are owned by the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries have been duly registered and/or filed with or issued by
     each appropriate Governmental Entity, all necessary affidavits of
     continuing use have been timely filed, and all necessary maintenance fees
     have been timely paid to continue all such rights in effect, other than
     failures to be duly registered, filed, issued or paid which individually
     or in the aggregate have not had and would not reasonably be expected to
     have a Material Adverse Effect. None of the patents required to be listed
     in Section 3.01(p)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule that are owned
     by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has expired or been declared
     invalid, in whole or in part, by any Governmental Entity, other than such
     expirations or declarations of invalidity which individually or in the
     aggregate have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a
     Material Adverse Effect. There are no ongoing interferences, oppositions,
     reissues, reexaminations or other proceedings challenging any of the
     patents or patent applications required to be listed in Section
     3.01(p)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule and owned by the Company or
     any of its Subsidiaries (or, to the Company's Knowledge, challenging any
     such patents or patent applications licensed to the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries), including ex parte and post-grant proceedings, in the
     United States Patent and Trademark Office or in any foreign patent office
     or similar administrative agency, other than such interferences,
     oppositions, reissues, reexaminations or proceedings that individually or
     in the aggregate have not had and would not reasonably be expected to
     have a Material Adverse Effect.

          (iv) Except as has not had and would not reasonably be expected to
     have a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries have
     used commercially reasonable efforts to maintain their material trade
     secrets in confidence.


<PAGE>


                                                                            25


          (q) VOTING REQUIREMENTS. The affirmative vote of holders of a
     majority of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock at the
     Shareholders' Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof to
     approve this Agreement (the "Shareholder Approval") is the only vote of
     the holders of any class or series of capital stock of the Company
     necessary to approve this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by
     this Agreement.

          (r) STATE TAKEOVER LAWS; COMPANY ARTICLES PROVISIONS. The Board of
     Directors of the Company has unanimously adopted, by all directors
     present, this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement and the consummation
     of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
     and such adoption represents all the actions necessary to render
     inapplicable to this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement, the restrictions (i) on "business
     combinations" (as defined in Section 23-1-43-5 of the IBCL) set forth in
     Section 23-1-43-18 of the IBCL and (ii) on the actions or transactions
     set forth in Paragraph 6 of the Company Articles ("Paragraph 6"), in each
     case to the extent, if any, such restrictions would otherwise be
     applicable to this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement. For purposes of Paragraph 6, the approval
     of the Board of Directors of the Company referred to in the immediately
     preceding sentence constitutes the approval of the Merger and the other
     transactions contemplated by this Agreement by the "Continuing Directors"
     (as defined in Paragraph 6) pursuant to clause (c) of Paragraph 6. No
     other similar provision of the Company Articles or the Company By-laws
     or, to the Knowledge of the Company, other state takeover Law or similar
     Law applies or purports to apply to this Agreement, the Merger or the
     other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

          (s) BROKERS AND OTHER ADVISORS. No broker, investment banker,
     financial advisor or other person (other than J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.
     and Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated), the fees and expenses of which
     will be paid by the Company, is entitled to any broker's, finder's,
     financial advisor's or other similar fee or commission in connection with
     the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements
     made by or on behalf of the Company. The Company has delivered to Parent
     complete and accurate copies of all Contracts under which any such fees
     or expenses are payable and all indemnification and other Contracts
     related to the engagement of the persons to whom such fees are payable.

          (t) OPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISORS. The Company has received the
     opinions of each of J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. and Morgan Stanley & Co.
     Incorporated, in each case dated the date hereof, to the effect that, as
     of such date, the Merger Consideration is fair, from a financial point of
     view, to the holders of shares of Company Common Stock, a signed copy of
     which opinion has been, or will promptly be, delivered to Parent.

          (u) REGULATORY COMPLIANCE. (i) As to each product subject to the
     FDCA or similar Legal Provisions in any foreign jurisdiction that are
     developed, manufactured, tested, distributed and/or marketed by the
     Company or any of its Subsidiaries (a "Medical Device"), each such
     Medical Device is being developed, manufactured, tested, distributed
     and/or marketed in compliance with all applicable requirements under the
     FDCA and


<PAGE>


                                                                            26


     similar Legal Provisions, including those relating to investigational
     use, premarket clearance or marketing approval to market a Medical
     Device, good manufacturing practices, labeling, advertising, record
     keeping, filing of reports and security, and in compliance with the
     Advanced Medical Technology Association Code of Ethics on Interactions
     with Healthcare Professionals and the American Medical Association's
     guidelines on gifts to physicians, except for failures in compliance that
     individually or in the aggregate have not had and would not reasonably be
     expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any
     of its Subsidiaries has received any notice or other communication from
     the Federal Food and Drug Administration (the "FDA") or any other
     Governmental Entity (A) contesting the premarket clearance or approval
     of, the uses of or the labeling and promotion of any products of the
     Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (B) otherwise alleging any
     violation applicable to any Medical Device of any Legal Provision, in the
     case of (A) and (B), that individually or in the aggregate have had or
     would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

          (ii) No Medical Device is under consideration by senior management
     of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for, or has been recalled,
     withdrawn, suspended, seized or discontinued (other than for commercial
     or other business reasons) by, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in
     the United States or outside the United States (whether voluntarily or
     otherwise), in each case since January 1, 2002. No proceedings in the
     United States or outside of the United States of which the Company has
     Knowledge (whether completed or pending) seeking the recall, withdrawal,
     suspension, seizure or discontinuance of any Medical Device are pending
     against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any licensee of any
     Medical Device which individually or in the aggregate have had or would
     reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

          (iii) As to each Medical Device of the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries for which a premarket approval application, premarket
     notification, investigational device exemption or similar state or
     foreign regulatory application has been approved, the Company and its
     Subsidiaries are in compliance with 21 U.S.C. {section}{section} 360 and
     360e or 21 C.F.R. Parts 812 or 814, respectively, and all similar Legal
     Provisions and all terms and conditions of such licenses or applications,
     except for any such failure or failures to be in compliance which
     individually or in the aggregate have not had and would not reasonably be
     expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. In addition, the Company and
     its Subsidiaries are in substantial compliance with all applicable
     registration and listing requirements set forth in 21 U.S.C. {section}
     360 and 21 C.F.R. Part 807 and all similar Legal Provisions, except for
     any such failures to be in compliance which individually or in the
     aggregate have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a
     Material Adverse Effect.

          (iv) No article of any Medical Device manufactured and/or
     distributed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is (A) adulterated
     within the meaning of 21 U.S.C. {section} 351 (or similar Legal
     Provisions), (B) misbranded within the meaning of 21 U.S.C. {section} 352
     (or similar Legal Provisions) or (C) a product that is in violation of 21
     U.S.C. {section} 360 or {section} 360e (or similar Legal Provisions),
     except for failures to be in compliance with the foregoing that
     individually or in the aggregate have not had and would not reasonably be
     expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.


<PAGE>


                                                                            27


          (v) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the
     Knowledge of the Company, any officer, employee or agent of the Company
     or any of its Subsidiaries, has made an untrue statement of a material
     fact or fraudulent statement to the FDA or any other Governmental Entity,
     failed to disclose a material fact required to be disclosed to the FDA or
     any other Governmental Entity, or committed an act, made a statement, or
     failed to make a statement that, at the time such disclosure was made,
     could reasonably be expected to provide a basis for the FDA or any other
     Governmental Entity to invoke its policy respecting "Fraud, Untrue
     Statements of Material Facts, Bribery, and Illegal Gratuities", set forth
     in 56 Fed. Reg. 46191 (September 10, 1991) or any similar policy. Neither
     the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the Knowledge of the
     Company, any officer, employee or agent of the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries, has been convicted of any crime or engaged in any conduct
     for which debarment is mandated by 21 U.S.C. {section} 335a(a) or any
     similar Legal Provision or authorized by 21 U.S.C. {section} 335a(b) or
     any similar Legal Provision. Neither the Company nor any of its
     Subsidiaries, nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any officer, employee
     or agent of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, has been convicted of
     any crime or engaged in any conduct for which such person or entity could
     be excluded from participating in the federal health care programs under
     Section 1128 of the Social Security Act of 1935, as amended (the "Social
     Security Act") or any similar Legal Provision.

          (vi) Since January 1, 2002, neither the Company nor any of its
     Subsidiaries has received any written notice that the FDA or any other
     Governmental Entity has (a) commenced, or threatened to initiate, any
     action to withdraw its approval or request the recall of any Medical
     Device, (b) commenced, or threatened to initiate, any action to enjoin
     production of any Medical Device or (c) commenced, or threatened to
     initiate, any action to enjoin the production of any medical device
     produced at any facility where any Medical Device is manufactured, tested
     or packaged, except for any such action that individually or in the
     aggregate has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a
     Material Adverse Effect.

          (vii) To the Knowledge of the Company, there are no facts,
     circumstances or conditions that would reasonably be expected to form the
     basis for any investigation, suit, claim, action or proceeding against or
     affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries relating to or arising
     under (a) the FDCA or (b) the Social Security Act or regulations of the
     Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human
     Services, in each case individually or in the aggregate that has had or
     would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

          (v) RIGHTS AGREEMENT. The Company has taken all actions necessary to
     cause the Rights Agreement dated as of December 15, 2004, between the
     Company and EquiServe Trust Company, as rights agent (the "Rights
     Agreement"), to (i) render the Rights Agreement inapplicable to this
     Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
     Agreement, (ii) ensure that (x) none of Parent, Sub or any other
     Subsidiary of Parent is an Acquiring Person (as defined in the Rights
     Agreement) pursuant to the Rights Agreement, (y) a Distribution Date or a
     Stock Acquisition Date (as such terms are defined in the Rights
     Agreement) does not occur and (z) the rights (the "Company Rights") to
     purchase Company Series A Preferred Stock issued under the


<PAGE>


                                                                            28


     Rights Agreement do not become exercisable, in the case of clauses (x),
     (y) and (z), solely by reason of the execution of this Agreement or the
     consummation of the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this
     Agreement and (iii) provide that the Expiration Date (as defined in the
     Rights Agreement) shall occur immediately prior to the Effective Time.

          SECTION 3.2. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND SUB.
Except as disclosed in the Parent SEC Documents filed by Parent and publicly
available prior to the date of this Agreement ("Filed Parent SEC Documents"),
Parent and Sub represent and warrant to the Company as follows:

          (a) ORGANIZATION, STANDING AND CORPORATE POWER. Each of Parent and
     Sub is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
     standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated
     and has all requisite corporate power and authority and possesses all
     governmental licenses, permits, authorizations and approvals necessary to
     enable it to use its corporate or other name and to own, lease or
     otherwise hold and operate its properties and other assets and to carry
     on its business as now being conducted, except whether the failure to
     have such governmental licenses, permits, authorizations and approvals
     individually or in the aggregate has not had and would not reasonably be
     expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect. Each of Parent and Sub
     is duly qualified or licensed to do business and is in good standing
     (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize that concept) in each
     jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or the ownership,
     leasing or operation of its properties makes such qualification,
     licensing or good standing necessary, other than in such jurisdictions
     where the failure to be so qualified, licensed or in good standing
     individually or in the aggregate has not had and would not reasonably be
     expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect. Parent has made
     available to the Company complete and accurate copies of its Restated
     Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws, the Articles of Incorporation
     of Sub (the "Sub Articles") and the By-laws of Sub, in each case as
     amended to the date hereof.

          (b) AUTHORITY; NONCONTRAVENTION. Each of Parent and Sub has all
     requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this
     Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
     Agreement. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Sub
     and the consummation by Parent and Sub of the transactions contemplated
     by this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate
     action on the part of Parent and Sub and no other corporate proceedings
     on the part of Parent or Sub are necessary to authorize this Agreement or
     to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. This
     Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement do not
     require approval of the holders of any shares of capital stock of Parent.
     This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by each of Parent and
     Sub and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by the
     Company, constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of Parent and
     Sub, as applicable, enforceable against Parent and Sub, as applicable, in
     accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent
     transfer, moratorium, reorganization or similar Laws affecting the rights
     of creditors generally and the availability of equitable remedies
     (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding
     at equity or at law). The execution and delivery of this Agreement by
     Parent and Sub do


<PAGE>


                                                                            29


     not, and the consummation by Parent and Sub of the Merger and the other
     transactions contemplated by this Agreement and compliance by Parent and
     Sub with the provisions of this Agreement will not, conflict with, or
     result in any violation or breach of, or default (with or without notice
     or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of, or result
     in, termination, cancelation or acceleration of any obligation or to the
     loss of a benefit under, or result in the creation of any Lien in or upon
     any of the properties or other assets of Parent or Sub under (x) the
     Restated Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws of Parent, the Sub
     Articles or the By-laws of Sub, (y) any Contract to which Parent or Sub
     is a party or any of their respective properties or other assets is
     subject or (z) subject to the governmental filings and other matters
     referred to in the following sentence, any Legal Provision applicable to
     Parent or Sub or their respective properties or other assets, other than,
     in the case of clauses (y) and (z), any such conflicts, violations,
     breaches, defaults, rights of termination, cancelation or acceleration,
     losses or Liens that individually or in the aggregate have not had and
     would not reasonably be expected to (1) have a Parent Material Adverse
     Effect, (2) impair in any material respect the ability of Parent or Sub
     to perform its respective obligations under this Agreement or (3) prevent
     or materially impede, interfere with, hinder or delay the consummation of
     the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No consent, approval,
     order or authorization of, action by or in respect of, or registration,
     declaration or filing with, any Governmental Entity is required by or
     with respect to Parent or Sub in connection with the execution and
     delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Sub or the consummation by
     Parent and Sub of the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by
     this Agreement, except for (1) (A) the filing of a premerger notification
     and report form by Parent under the HSR Act and the termination of the
     waiting period required thereunder, (B) all required notifications and
     filings by Parent under Article 4 of the EC Merger Regulation and the
     receipt of a decision under Article 6(1)(b), 8(1) or 8(2) thereunder
     declaring the Merger compatible with the EC Common Market and (C) the
     receipt, termination or expiration, as applicable, of approvals or
     waiting periods required under any other applicable competition, merger
     control, antitrust or similar Law, (2) the filing with the SEC of (X) the
     Form S-4 and (Y) such reports under the Exchange Act as may be required
     in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by
     this Agreement, (3) the filing of the Articles of Merger with the
     Secretary of State of the State of Indiana, (4) any filings with and
     approvals of the NYSE and (5) such other consents, approvals, orders,
     authorizations, actions, registrations, declarations and filings the
     failure of which to be obtained or made individually or in the aggregate
     has not had and would not reasonably be expected to (x) have a Parent
     Material Adverse Effect, (y) impair in any material respect the ability
     of Parent or Sub to perform its respective obligations under this
     Agreement or (z) prevent or materially impede, interfere with, hinder or
     delay the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
     Agreement.

          (c) PARENT SEC DOCUMENTS. Parent has filed all reports, schedules,
     forms, statements and other documents (including exhibits and other
     information incorporated therein) with the SEC required to be filed by
     Parent since January 1, 2003 (such documents, together with any documents
     filed during such period by Parent with the SEC on a voluntary basis on
     Current Reports on Form 8-K, the "Parent SEC Documents"). As of their
     respective filing dates, the Parent SEC Documents complied in all
     material respects with, to the extent in effect at the time of filing,
     the requirements of the


<PAGE>


                                                                            30


     Securities Act, the Exchange Act and SOX applicable to such Parent SEC
     Documents, and none of the Parent SEC Documents contained any untrue
     statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required
     to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
     therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
     misleading. Except to the extent that information contained in any Parent
     SEC Document has been revised, amended, supplemented or superseded by a
     later-filed Parent SEC Document, none of the Parent SEC Documents
     contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any
     material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
     the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they
     were made, not misleading, which individually or in the aggregate would
     require an amendment, supplement or corrective filing to such Parent SEC
     Documents. Each of the financial statements (including the related notes)
     of Parent included in the Parent SEC Documents complied at the time it
     was filed as to form in all material respects with the applicable
     accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the
     SEC with respect thereto in effect at the time of filing, had been
     prepared in accordance with GAAP (except, in the case of unaudited
     statements, as permitted by the rules and regulations of the SEC) applied
     on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except as may be
     indicated in the notes thereto) and fairly presented in all material
     respects the consolidated financial position of Parent and its
     consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated
     results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended
     (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit
     adjustments). Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has any
     liabilities or obligations of any nature (whether accrued, absolute,
     contingent or otherwise) which individually or in the aggregate have had
     or would reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

          (d) INFORMATION SUPPLIED. None of the information supplied or to be
     supplied by or on behalf of Parent or Sub specifically for inclusion or
     incorporation by reference in (i) the Form S-4 will, at the time the Form
     S-4 is filed with the SEC and at the time it becomes effective under the
     Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
     to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
     make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
     they are made, not misleading, or (ii) the Proxy Statement will, at the
     date it is first mailed to the shareholders of the Company and at the
     time of the Shareholders' Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a
     material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
     therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of
     the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading, except that
     no representation or warranty is made by Parent or Sub with respect to
     statements made or incorporated by reference therein based on information
     supplied by or on behalf of the Company specifically for inclusion or
     incorporation by reference in the Form S-4 or the Proxy Statement. The
     Form S-4 will comply as to form in all material respects with the
     requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations
     thereunder.

          (e) INTERIM OPERATIONS OF SUB. Sub was formed solely for the purpose
     of engaging in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, has
     engaged in no other business activities and has conducted its operations
     only as contemplated hereby.


<PAGE>


                                                                            31


          (f) CAPITAL RESOURCES. As of the Closing, Parent will have funds
     that are sufficient to effect the Closing on the terms contemplated
     hereby.

          (g) BROKERS. No broker, investment banker, financial advisor or
     other person, other than Goldman, Sachs & Co., the fees and expenses of
     which will be paid by Parent, is entitled to any broker's, finder's,
     financial advisor's or other similar fee or commission in connection with
     the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements
     made by or on behalf of Parent or Sub.

          (h) CAPITAL STRUCTURE. The authorized capital stock of Parent
     consists of 4,320,000,000 shares of Parent Common Stock and 2,000,000
     shares of preferred stock, without par value, of Parent ("Parent
     Preferred Stock"). At the close of business on December 13, 2004, (i)
     3,119,842,548 shares of Parent Common Stock were issued and outstanding,
     (ii) 149,309,976 shares of Parent Common Stock were held by Parent in its
     treasury, (iii) no shares of Parent Preferred Stock had been designated
     or issued, (iv) 230,213,631 shares of Parent Common Stock were subject to
     outstanding options to purchase shares of Parent Common Stock granted
     under Parent's stock incentive plans and (v) 13,980,932 shares of Parent
     Common Stock were reserved for issuance upon conversion of the 3% Zero
     Coupon Convertible Subordinated Debentures of Alza Corporation, a
     Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent ("Alza"), and
     the 5.25% Zero Coupon Convertible Subordinated Debentures of Alza. Except
     as set forth above in this Section 3.02(h), at the close of business on
     December 13, 2004, there were not issued, reserved for issuance or
     outstanding (A) any shares of capital stock or other voting securities of
     Parent, (B) any securities of Parent convertible into or exchangeable or
     exercisable for shares of capital stock or voting securities of Parent or
     (C) any warrants, calls, options or other rights to acquire from Parent,
     or any obligation of Parent to issue, any shares of capital stock, voting
     securities or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable
     for capital stock or voting securities of Parent. Except as set forth
     above in this Section 3.02(h), at the close of business on December 13,
     2004, no bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness of Parent having
     the right to vote (or convertible into, or exchangeable for, securities
     having the right to vote) on any matters on which the shareholders of
     Parent may vote are issued or outstanding. The authorized capital stock
     of Sub consists of 1,000 shares of common stock, without par value, of
     which 1,000 shares are issued and outstanding, all of which shares are
     beneficially owned by Parent.

          (i) ABSENCE OF CHANGES. Except for liabilities incurred in
     connection with this Agreement, since the date of the most recent
     financial statements included in the Filed Parent SEC Documents, there
     has not been any Parent Material Adverse Change.

          (j) LITIGATION. There is no suit, action or proceeding pending or,
     to the Knowledge of Parent, threatened against or affecting Parent or any
     of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective assets that individually
     or in the aggregate has had or would reasonably be expected to have a
     Parent Material Adverse Effect, nor is there any Order of any
     Governmental Entity or arbitrator outstanding against, or, to the
     Knowledge of Parent, investigation by any Governmental Entity involving,
     Parent or any of its


<PAGE>


                                                                            32


     Subsidiaries or any of their respective assets that individually or in
     the aggregate has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Parent
     Material Adverse Effect.

          (k) INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. Each of Parent and its
     Subsidiaries owns or has the right to use all intellectual property
     rights which are material to the conduct of the business of Parent and
     its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in each case (i) with respect to such
     intellectual property rights that are owned by Parent or any of its
     Subsidiaries, free and clear of all Liens and (ii) with respect to such
     intellectual property rights that are licensed by Parent or any of its
     Subsidiaries, to the Knowledge of Parent, free and clear of all Liens,
     except where the failure to so own or have such right to use such
     intellectual property rights individually or in the aggregate has not had
     and would not reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse
     Effect. Neither the manufacture, marketing, license, sale or use by
     Parent or any of its Subsidiaries of any product violates any license or
     agreement between Parent or any of its Subsidiaries and any other person
     and there is no pending or, to the Knowledge of Parent, threatened claim
     or litigation contesting the validity, ownership or right to use, sell,
     license or dispose of any such intellectual property rights relating to
     any product or asserting that the proposed use, sale, license or
     disposition thereof, or the manufacture, use or sale of any product by
     Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, conflicts with the rights of any other
     person, in each case which, individually or in the aggregate, has had or
     would reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

          (l) REGULATORY COMPLIANCE. To the Knowledge of Parent, the testing,
     manufacture, storage, distribution, use, promotion and sale of products
     of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries by Parent, such Subsidiary and their
     respective contractors have been performed and is performed in compliance
     with all applicable requirements under the FDCA and similar Legal
     Provisions, including those relating to investigational use, premarket
     clearance, good manufacturing practices, labeling, advertising, record
     keeping, filing of reports and security, except for such instances of
     noncompliance or possible noncompliance that individually or in the
     aggregate have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a
     Parent Material Adverse Effect. Neither Parent nor any of its
     Subsidiaries has received any adverse written notice within the past two
     years that the FDA or any other similar foreign Governmental Entity has
     commenced, or threatened to initiate, any action to withdraw its approval
     or request the recall of any product of Parent or any of its
     Subsidiaries, or commenced, or overtly threatened to initiate, any action
     to enjoin production of any such product, except where such action has
     not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material
     Adverse Effect.


                                  ARTICLE IV

          COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS; NO SOLICITATION

          SECTION 4.01. CONDUCT OF BUSINESS. (a) CONDUCT OF BUSINESS BY THE
COMPANY. During the period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective
Time, except as set forth in Section 4.01(a) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule or as consented to in writing in advance by Parent or as otherwise
permitted or required by this Agreement, the Company shall, and shall


<PAGE>


                                                                            33


cause each of its Subsidiaries to, carry on its business in the ordinary
course consistent with past practice prior to the Closing and, to the extent
consistent therewith, use all commercially reasonable efforts to preserve
intact its current business organizations, keep available the services of its
current officers, employees and consultants and preserve its relationships
with customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees, distributors and others
having business dealings with it. In addition to and without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, during the period from the date of this Agreement
to the Effective Time, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.01(a) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule or as otherwise permitted or required pursuant to
this Agreement, the Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its
Subsidiaries to, without Parent's prior written consent:

          (i) (x) declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, or make any
     other distributions (whether in cash, stock or property) in respect of,
     any of its capital stock, other than (1) cash dividends payable by the
     Company in respect of shares of Company Common Stock consistent with past
     practice and not exceeding $0.10 per share of Company Common Stock per
     fiscal quarter, (2) dividends and distributions in connection with the
     Rights Agreement and (3) dividends or distributions by a direct or
     indirect wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company to its shareholders, (y)
     split, combine or reclassify any of its capital stock or issue or
     authorize the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of
     or in substitution for shares of its capital stock or (z) purchase,
     redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of its capital stock or any other
     securities thereof or any rights, warrants or options to acquire any such
     shares or other securities, except for purchases, redemptions or other
     acquisitions of capital stock or other securities (1) required by the
     terms of the Company Stock Plans or the ESPP or (2) required by the terms
     of any plans, arrangements or Contracts existing on the date hereof
     between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and any director or
     employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (to the extent
     complete and accurate copies of which have been heretofore delivered to
     Parent);

          (ii) issue, deliver, sell, grant, pledge or otherwise encumber or
     subject to any Lien any shares of its capital stock, any other voting
     securities or any securities convertible into, or any rights, warrants or
     options to acquire, any such shares, voting securities or convertible
     securities, or any "phantom" stock, "phantom" stock rights, stock
     appreciation rights or stock based performance units, including pursuant
     to Contracts as in effect on the date hereof (other than (x) the issuance
     of shares of Company Common Stock upon the exercise of Company Stock
     Options or in connection with Company Stock Based Awards, in each case in
     accordance with their terms on the date hereof, and (y) the issuance of
     Company Rights and shares of the Company's capital stock pursuant to the
     Company Rights or the Rights Agreement);

          (iii) amend (x) the Company Articles or the Company By-laws or other
     comparable charter or organizational documents of any of the Company's
     Subsidiaries or (y) the Indenture dated as of January 18, 1996 between
     the Company and Citibank, N.A., with respect to the 6.15% Senior
     Unsecured Notes due February 15, 2006 of the Company (the "Company
     Notes"), in each case except as may be required by applicable Law or the
     rules and regulations of the SEC or the NYSE;


<PAGE>


                                                                            34


          (iv) directly or indirectly acquire (x) by merging or consolidating
     with, by purchasing a substantial portion of the assets of, by making an
     investment in or capital contribution to, or by any other manner, any
     person or division, business or equity interest of any person or (y) any
     asset or assets, except for (1) capital expenditures, which shall be
     subject to the limitations of clause (vii) below, (2) purchases of
     components, raw materials or supplies in the ordinary course of business
     consistent with past practice and (3) acquisitions of material
     intellectual property rights in respect of cross-licenses permitted in
     connection with the discharge, settlement or satisfaction of claims and
     litigation under clause (viii) below;

          (v) (x) sell, lease, license, mortgage, sell and leaseback or
     otherwise encumber or subject to any Lien or otherwise dispose of any of
     its material properties or other material assets or any interests therein
     (including securitizations), except for (1) sales of inventory and used
     equipment in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
     practice and (2) licenses of Intellectual Property Rights permitted in
     connection with the discharge, settlement or satisfaction of claims and
     litigation under clause (viii) below, or (y) enter into, modify or amend
     any lease of material property, except for modifications or amendments
     that are not materially adverse to the Company and its Subsidiaries,
     taken as a whole;

          (vi) (x) incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee any
     such indebtedness of another person, issue or sell any debt securities or
     calls, options, warrants or other rights to acquire any debt securities
     of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, guarantee any debt securities
     of another person, enter into any "keep well" or other Contract to
     maintain any financial statement condition of another person or enter
     into any arrangement having the economic effect of any of the foregoing
     (other than short-term borrowings in the ordinary course of business
     consistent with past practice under the Company's commercial paper
     program, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $800,000,000 at any time
     outstanding) or (y) make any loans or advances to any other person, other
     than to employees in respect of travel expenses in the ordinary course of
     business consistent with past practice, which would result in the
     aggregate principal amount of all of the outstanding foregoing loans and
     advances of the Company and its Subsidiaries exceeding $25,000,000;

          (vii) make any new capital expenditure or expenditures exceeding the
     amounts set forth in Section 4.01(a)(vii) of the Company Disclosure
     Schedule;

          (viii) except as required by Law or any judgment by a court of
     competent jurisdiction, (v) pay, discharge, settle or satisfy any
     material claims, liabilities, obligations or litigation (absolute,
     accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise), other than the
     payment, discharge, settlement or satisfaction in the ordinary course of
     business consistent with past practice or in accordance with their terms,
     of liabilities disclosed, reflected or reserved against in the most
     recent audited financial statements (or the notes thereto) of the Company
     included in the Filed Company SEC Documents (for amounts not in excess of
     such reserves) or incurred since the date of such financial statements in
     the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, (w) cancel
     any material indebtedness, (x) waive or assign any claims or rights of
     material


<PAGE>


                                                                            35


     value, (y) waive any benefits of, or agree to modify in any respect, or,
     subject to the terms hereof, knowingly fail to enforce, or consent to any
     matter with respect to which consent is required under, any standstill or
     similar Contract to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a
     party or (z) waive any material benefits of, or agree to modify in any
     material respect, or, subject to the terms hereof, knowingly fail to
     enforce in any material respect, or consent to any matter with respect to
     which consent is required under, any material confidentiality or similar
     Contract to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party;

          (ix) enter into (1) any material Contract that would be of a type
     referred to in Section 3.01(i)(2)(A) or (2) any other material Contract
     that would be of a type referred to in Section 3.01(i)(2)(B) or (C) and,
     in the case of this clause (2), that (A) would reasonably be expected to
     impair in any material respect the ability of the Company and its
     Subsidiaries to conduct their business as currently conducted or (B)
     would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the
     reasonably expected benefits of the Merger to Parent;

          (x) enter into, modify, amend or terminate any Contract or waive,
     release or assign any material rights or claims thereunder, which if so
     entered into, modified, amended, terminated, waived, released or assigned
     would reasonably be expected to (A) have a Material Adverse Effect, (B)
     impair in any material respect the ability of the Company to perform its
     obligations under this Agreement or (C) prevent or materially impede,
     interfere with, hinder or delay the consummation of the transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement;

          (xi) enter into any material Contract to the extent consummation of
     the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or compliance by the
     Company with the provisions of this Agreement could reasonably be
     expected to conflict with, or result in a violation or breach of, or
     default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give
     rise to a right of, or result in, termination, cancelation or
     acceleration of any obligation or to the loss of a benefit under, or
     result in the creation of any Lien in or upon any of the properties or
     other assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under, or require
     Parent to license or transfer any of its Intellectual Property Rights or
     other material assets under, or give rise to any increased, additional,
     accelerated, or guaranteed right or entitlements of any third party
     under, or result in any material alteration of, any provision of such
     Contract;

          (xii) except as required to ensure that any Company Benefit Plan or
     Company Benefit Agreement is not then out of compliance with applicable
     Law or to comply with any Company Benefit Plan, Company Benefit Agreement
     or other Contract entered into prior to the date hereof (to the extent
     complete and accurate copies of which have been heretofore delivered to
     Parent), (A) adopt, enter into, terminate or amend (I) any collective
     bargaining Contract or Company Benefit Plan or (II) any Company Benefit
     Agreement or other Contract, plan or policy involving the Company or any
     of its Subsidiaries and Key Personnel, (B) increase in any manner the
     compensation, bonus or fringe or other benefits of, or pay any
     discretionary bonus of any kind or amount whatsoever to, any current or
     former director, officer, employee or consultant, except in


<PAGE>


                                                                            36


     the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice to
     employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries other than Key Personnel,
     (C) grant or pay any severance or termination pay, except for severance
     or termination pay granted or paid in the ordinary course of business
     consistent with past practice, to, or increase in any material manner the
     severance or termination pay of, any current or former director, officer,
     employee or consultant of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries other
     than Key Personnel, (D) remove any existing restrictions in any Company
     Benefit Agreements, Company Benefit Plans or awards made thereunder, (E)
     take any action to fund or in any other way secure the payment of
     compensation or benefits under any Company Benefit Plan or Company
     Benefit Agreement, (F) take any action to accelerate the vesting or
     payment of any compensation or benefit under any Company Benefit Plan or
     Company Benefit Agreement or awards made thereunder or (G) materially
     change any actuarial or other assumption used to calculate funding
     obligations with respect to any Company Pension Plan or change the manner
     in which contributions to any Company Pension Plan are made or the basis
     on which such contributions are determined;

          (xiii) except as required by GAAP, revalue any material assets of
     the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or make any change in accounting
     methods, principles or practices; or

          (xiv) authorize any of, or commit, resolve, propose or agree to take
     any of, the foregoing actions.

          (b) OTHER ACTIONS. The Company, Parent and Sub shall not, and shall
not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, take any action that could
reasonably be expected to result in any of the conditions to the Merger set
forth in Article VI not being satisfied.

          (c) ADVICE OF CHANGES; FILINGS. The Company and Parent shall
promptly advise the other party orally and in writing if (i) any
representation or warranty made by it (and, in the case of Parent, made by
Sub) contained in this Agreement becomes untrue or inaccurate in a manner that
would result in the failure of the condition set forth in Section 6.02(a) or
Section 6.03(a) or (ii) it (and, in the case of Parent, Sub) fails to comply
with or satisfy in any material respect any covenant, condition or agreement
to be complied with or satisfied by it (and, in the case of Parent, Sub) under
this Agreement; provided, however, that no such notification shall affect the
representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of the parties (or
remedies with respect thereto) or the conditions to the obligations of the
parties under this Agreement. The Company and Parent shall, to the extent
permitted by Law, promptly provide the other with copies of all filings made
by such party with any Governmental Entity in connection with this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, other than the portions
of such filings that include confidential or proprietary information not
directly related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

          (d) CERTAIN TAX MATTERS. (i) During the period from the date of this
Agreement to the Effective Time, the Company shall, and shall cause each of
its Subsidiaries to (A) timely file all material tax returns (taking into
account any applicable extensions) required to be filed by or on behalf of
each such entity ("Post-Signing Returns"); (B) timely pay all material taxes
due and payable; (C) accrue a reserve in the books and records and financial
statements of any such entity


<PAGE>


                                                                            37


in accordance with past practice for all taxes payable but not yet due; (D)
promptly notify Parent of any material suit, claim, action, investigation,
audit or similar proceeding (collectively, "Actions") pending against or with
respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of any amount of
tax and not settle or compromise any tax liability in excess of $10 million
for individual claims, or $50 million in the aggregate, without Parent's prior
written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld; (E) not make any
material tax election, other than with Parent's prior written consent or other
than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; and (F)
cause all existing tax sharing agreements, tax indemnity agreements and
similar agreements, arrangements or practices to which the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries is or may be a party or by which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is or may otherwise be bound to be terminated as of the Closing
Date so that after such date neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
shall have any further rights or liabilities thereunder. Any tax returns
described in this Section 4.01(d) shall be complete and correct in all
material respects and shall be prepared on a basis consistent with the past
practice of the Company and in a manner that does not distort taxable income,
including by deferring income or accelerating deductions. The Company shall
notify Parent upon the filing of any such material tax return and shall make
such tax returns available to Parent.

          (ii) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the
Company shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries incorporated outside the
United States (a "Non-U.S. Subsidiary") to make a cash distribution to the
Company or any of the Company's Subsidiaries incorporated in the United States
in excess of amounts described in Section 965(b)(2)(B) of the Code (an "Excess
Distribution") except to the extent the Company has provided Parent with
substantiation, in a form reasonably satisfactory to Parent, that the
deduction described in Section 965(a) of the Code will apply to the entire
amount of the Excess Distribution. For purposes of this Section, a written
opinion of a nationally recognized law firm to the effect that the deduction
described in Section 965(a) of the Code should apply to the entire amount of
the Excess Distribution shall be a form of substantiation deemed reasonably
satisfactory to Parent. Furthermore, notwithstanding any other provision of
this Agreement, the Company shall not permit any of its Non-U.S. Subsidiaries
to increase its indebtedness to any related person as described in Section
965(b)(3) of the Code without the prior written consent of Parent, such
consent not to be unreasonably withheld. For purposes of the preceding
sentence, indebtedness of a Non-U.S. Subsidiary to a related person shall
include indebtedness of a Non-U.S. Subsidiary guaranteed by a related person.

          SECTION 4.02. NO SOLICITATION. (a) The Company shall not, nor shall
it authorize or permit any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
directors, officers or employees or any investment banker, financial advisor,
attorney, accountant or other advisor, agent or representative (collectively,
"Representatives") retained by it or any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or
indirectly through another person, (i) solicit, initiate or knowingly
encourage, or take any other action designed to, or which could reasonably be
expected to, facilitate, any Takeover Proposal or (ii) enter into, continue or
otherwise participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding, or furnish
to any person any information, or otherwise cooperate in any way with, any
Takeover Proposal. Without limiting the foregoing, it is agreed that any
violation of the restrictions set forth in the preceding sentence by any
Representative of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall be a breach of
this Section 4.02(a) by the Company. The Company shall, and shall cause its
Subsidiaries to, immediately cease and cause to be terminated all


<PAGE>


                                                                            38


existing discussions or negotiations with any person conducted heretofore with
respect to any Takeover Proposal and request the prompt return or destruction
of all confidential information previously furnished. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, at any time prior to obtaining the Shareholder Approval, in
response to a bona fide written Takeover Proposal that the Board of Directors
of the Company reasonably determines (after consultation with outside counsel
and a financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation) constitutes or is
reasonably likely to lead to a Superior Proposal, and which Takeover Proposal
was not solicited after the date hereof and was made after the date hereof and
did not otherwise result from a breach of this Section 4.02(a), the Company
may, subject to compliance with Section 4.02(c), (x) furnish information with
respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries to the person making such Takeover
Proposal (and its Representatives) pursuant to a customary confidentiality
agreement not less restrictive to such person than the confidentiality
provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement, provided that all such
information has previously been provided to Parent or is provided to Parent
prior to or substantially concurrent with the time it is provided to such
person, and (y) participate in discussions or negotiations with the person
making such Takeover Proposal (and its Representatives) regarding such
Takeover Proposal.

          The term "Takeover Proposal" means any inquiry, proposal or offer
from any person relating to, or that could reasonably be expected to lead to,
any direct or indirect acquisition or purchase, in one transaction or a series
of transactions, of assets (including equity securities of any Subsidiary of
the Company) or businesses that constitute 15% or more of the revenues, net
income or assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or 15%
or more of any class of equity securities of the Company, any tender offer or
exchange offer that if consummated would result in any person beneficially
owning 15% or more of any class of equity securities of the Company, or any
merger, consolidation, business combination, recapitalization, liquidation,
dissolution, joint venture, binding share exchange or similar transaction
involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to which any person
or the shareholders of any person would own 15% or more of any class of equity
securities of the Company or of any resulting parent company of the Company,
in each case other than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

          The term "Superior Proposal" means any bona fide offer made by a
third party that if consummated would result in such person (or its
shareholders) owning, directly or indirectly, more than 80% of the shares of
Company Common Stock then outstanding (or of the shares of the surviving
entity in a merger or the direct or indirect parent of the surviving entity in
a merger) or all or substantially all the assets of the Company, which the
Board of Directors of the Company reasonably determines (after consultation
with a financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation) to be (i) more
favorable to the shareholders of the Company from a financial point of view
than the Merger (taking into account all the terms and conditions of such
proposal and this Agreement (including any changes to the financial terms of
this Agreement proposed by Parent in response to such offer or otherwise)) and
(ii) reasonably capable of being completed, taking into account all financial,
legal, regulatory and other aspects of such proposal.

          (b) Neither the Board of Directors of the Company nor any committee
thereof shall (i) (A) withdraw (or modify in a manner adverse to Parent), or
publicly propose to withdraw (or modify in a manner adverse to Parent), the
adoption or recommendation by such Board of Directors or any such committee
thereof of this Agreement, the Merger or the other


<PAGE>


                                                                            39


transactions contemplated by this Agreement or (B) adopt or recommend, or
propose publicly to adopt or recommend, any Takeover Proposal (any action
described in this clause (i) being referred to as a "Company Adverse
Recommendation Change") or (ii) adopt or recommend, or publicly propose to
adopt or recommend, or allow the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to execute
or enter into, any letter of intent, memorandum of understanding, agreement in
principle, merger agreement, acquisition agreement, option agreement, joint
venture agreement, partnership agreement or other similar Contract
constituting or related to, or that is intended to or could reasonably be
expected to lead to, any Takeover Proposal (other than a confidentiality
agreement referred to in Section 4.02(a)) (an "Acquisition Agreement").
Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time prior to obtaining the Shareholder
Approval and subject to Section 4.02(c), the Board of Directors of the Company
may (x) make a Company Adverse Recommendation Change if the Board of Directors
of the Company determines in good faith (after consultation with outside
counsel and a financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation) that (A)
a Parent Material Adverse Effect has occurred and (B) as a result thereof such
action is consistent with their fiduciary duties under applicable Laws or (y)
in response to a Takeover Proposal that the Board reasonably determines (after
consultation with outside counsel and a financial advisor of nationally
recognized reputation) constitutes a Superior Proposal and that was
unsolicited and made after the date hereof and that did not otherwise result
from a breach of this Section 4.02, (1) make a Company Adverse Recommendation
Change or (2) cause the Company to terminate this Agreement and concurrently
with or after such termination enter into an Acquisition Agreement; provided,
however, that the Company shall not be entitled to exercise its right to make
a Company Adverse Recommendation Change or terminate this Agreement pursuant
to clause (y) until after the fifth business day following Parent's receipt of
written notice (a "Notice of Superior Proposal") from the Company advising
Parent that the Board of Directors of the Company intends to take such action
and specifying the reasons therefor, including the terms and conditions of any
Superior Proposal that is the basis of the proposed action by the Board of
Directors (it being understood and agreed that any amendment to the financial
terms or any other material term of such Superior Proposal shall require a new
Notice of Superior Proposal and a new five business day period). In
determining whether to make a Company Adverse Recommendation Change or to
cause the Company to so terminate this Agreement, the Board of Directors of
the Company shall take into account any changes to the financial terms of this
Agreement proposed by Parent in response to a Notice of Superior Proposal or
otherwise.

          (c) In addition to the obligations of the Company set forth in
paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 4.02, the Company shall promptly advise
Parent orally and in writing (i) of any Takeover Proposal, the material terms
and conditions of any such Takeover Proposal (including any changes thereto)
and the identity of the person making any such Takeover Proposal and (ii) if
the Board of Directors of the Company is considering, or has decided to
consider, whether any change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or
development constitutes a Parent Material Adverse Effect. The Company shall
(x) keep Parent fully informed in all material respects of the status and
details (including any change to the terms thereof) of any Takeover Proposal,
(y) provide to Parent as soon as practicable after receipt or delivery thereof
copies of all correspondence and other written material sent or provided to
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from any person that describes any of
the terms or conditions of any Takeover Proposal and (z) keep Parent fully
informed in all material respects of the status and details of


<PAGE>


                                                                            40


any determination by the Company's Board of Directors with respect to a
potential Parent Material Adverse Effect.

          (d) Nothing contained in this Section 4.02 shall prohibit the
Company from (x) taking and disclosing to its shareholders a position
contemplated by Rule 14e-2(a) under the Exchange Act or making a statement
required under Rule 14a-9 under the Exchange Act or (y) making any disclosure
to the shareholders of the Company that is required by applicable Law;
provided, however, that in no event shall the Company or its Board of
Directors or any committee thereof take, or agree or resolve to take, any
action prohibited by Section 4.02(b) (it being understood that any accurate
disclosure of factual information to the shareholders of the Company that is
required to be made to such shareholders under applicable federal securities
Laws shall not be considered a modification prohibited by clause (i)(A) of
Section 4.02(b)).


                                   ARTICLE V

                             ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

          SECTION 5.01. PREPARATION OF THE FORM S-4 AND THE PROXY STATEMENT;
SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING. (a) As promptly as practicable following the date of
this Agreement, the Company and Parent shall prepare and Parent shall file
with the SEC the Form S-4, in which the Proxy Statement will be included as a
prospectus. Each of the Company and Parent shall use its reasonable best
efforts to have the Form S-4 declared effective under the Securities Act as
promptly as practicable after such filing. The Company shall use its
reasonable best efforts to cause the Proxy Statement to be mailed to the
shareholders of the Company as promptly as practicable after the Form S-4 is
declared effective under the Securities Act. Parent shall also take any action
(other than qualifying to do business in any jurisdiction in which it is not
now so qualified or filing a general consent to service of process) required
to be taken under any applicable state securities Laws in connection with the
issuance of shares of Parent Common Stock in the Merger, and each of Parent
and the Company shall furnish all information as may be reasonably requested
by the other in connection with any such action and the preparation, filing
and distribution of the Form S-4 and the Proxy Statement. No filing of, or
amendment or supplement to, the Form S-4 will be made by Parent, and no filing
of, or amendment or supplement to, the Proxy Statement will made by the
Company, in each case without providing the other party a reasonable
opportunity to review and comment thereon. If at any time prior to the
Effective Time any information relating to the Company or Parent, or any of
their respective Affiliates, directors or officers, should be discovered by
the Company or Parent which should be set forth in an amendment or supplement
to either the Form S-4 or the Proxy Statement, so that either such document
would not include any misstatement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they are made, not misleading, the party which
discovers such information shall promptly notify the other parties hereto and
an appropriate amendment or supplement describing such information shall be
promptly filed with the SEC and, to the extent required by Law, disseminated
to the shareholders of the Company. The parties shall notify each other
promptly of the time when the Form S-4 has become effective, of the issuance
of any stop order or suspension of the qualification of the Parent Common
Stock issuable in connection with the Merger for offering or sale in any
jurisdiction, or of the receipt of any comments from the SEC


<PAGE>


                                                                            41


or the staff of the SEC and of any request by the SEC or the staff of the SEC
for amendments or supplements to the Proxy Statement or the Form S-4 or for
additional information and shall supply each other with copies of (i) all
correspondence between it or any of its Representatives, on the one hand, and
the SEC or the staff of the SEC, on the other hand, with respect to the Proxy
Statement, the Form S-4 or the Merger and (ii) all orders of the SEC relating
to the Form S-4.

          (b) The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to, within 120
days following the date of this Agreement, establish a record date for, duly
call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of its shareholders (the
"Shareholders' Meeting") solely for the purpose of obtaining the Shareholder
Approval. Subject to Section 4.02, the Company shall, through its Board of
Directors, recommend to its shareholders approval of this Agreement and shall
include such recommendation in the Proxy Statement. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, but subject to the terms of this Agreement, the
Company's obligations pursuant to the first sentence of this Section 5.01(b)
shall not be affected by the commencement, public proposal, public disclosure
or communication to the Company of any Takeover Proposal.

          SECTION 5.02. ACCESS TO INFORMATION; CONFIDENTIALITY.

          (a) To the extent permitted by applicable Law, the Company shall
afford to Parent, and to Parent's officers, employees, accountants, counsel,
financial advisors and other Representatives, reasonable access (including for
the purpose of coordinating integration activities and transition planning
with the employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries) during normal business
hours and upon reasonable prior notice to the Company during the period prior
to the Effective Time or the termination of this Agreement to all its and its
Subsidiaries' properties, books, Contracts, commitments, personnel and
records, but only to the extent that such access does not unreasonably
interfere with the business or operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
and, during such period, the Company shall furnish promptly to Parent (a) a
copy of each report, schedule, registration statement and other document filed
by it during such period pursuant to the requirements of Federal or state
securities Laws and (b) all other information concerning its and its
Subsidiaries' business, properties and personnel as Parent may reasonably
request; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to (or to
cause any of its Subsidiaries to) so confer, afford such access or furnish
such copies or other information to the extent that doing so would result in
the loss of attorney-client privilege (provided that the Company shall use its
reasonable best efforts to allow for such access or disclosure in a manner
that does not result in a loss of attorney-client privilege). Except for
disclosures expressly permitted by the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement
dated as of August 4, 2004 between Parent and the Company (as it may be
amended from time to time, the "Confidentiality Agreement"), Parent shall
hold, and shall cause its officers, employees, accountants, counsel, financial
advisors and other Representatives to hold, all information received from the
Company, directly or indirectly, in confidence in accordance with the
Confidentiality Agreement. The Confidentiality Agreement shall survive any
termination of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the terms of the
Confidentiality Agreement, Parent and the Company agree that until the earlier
of the consummation of this Agreement or the six month anniversary of the date
of the termination of this Agreement, as applicable, each party and its
respective Subsidiaries shall not, without the other party's prior written
consent, directly or indirectly solicit for employment (other than through
advertising in newspapers or periodicals of


<PAGE>


                                                                            42


general circulation or recruiters' searches, in each case not specifically
directed at the other party's employees) any person currently employed by the
other party or any of its Subsidiaries with whom it has contact or who is
identified to such party in connection with the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement. No investigation pursuant to this Section 5.02 or information
provided or received by any party hereto pursuant to this Agreement will
affect any of the representations or warranties of the parties hereto
contained in this Agreement or the conditions hereunder to the obligations of
the parties hereto.

          (b) To the extent permitted by applicable Law, Parent shall afford
to the Company and its Representatives reasonable access to Parent's personnel
and records (i) on a basis consistent with the Company's access to such
personnel and records prior to the date hereof in connection with the
Company's due diligence review of Parent and its Subsidiaries in connection
with the transactions contemplated hereby and (ii) to the extent reasonably
necessary for the Company to determine whether the conditions set forth in
Section 6.03 are satisfied.

          SECTION 5.03. REASONABLE BEST EFFORTS. Upon the terms and subject to
the conditions set forth in this Agreement, each of the parties agrees to use
its reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to
do, or cause to be done, and to assist and cooperate with the other parties in
doing, all things necessary to consummate and make effective, in the most
expeditious manner practicable, the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including using reasonable best efforts to
accomplish the following: (i) the taking of all acts necessary to cause the
conditions to Closing to be satisfied as promptly as practicable, (ii) the
obtaining of all necessary actions or nonactions, waivers, consents and
approvals from Governmental Entities and the making of all necessary
registrations and filings (including filings with Governmental Entities) and
the taking of all steps as may be necessary to obtain an approval or waiver
from, or to avoid an action or proceeding by, any Governmental Entity, (iii)
the avoidance of each and every impediment under any antitrust, merger
control, competition or trade regulation Law that may be asserted by any
Governmental Entity with respect to the Merger so as to enable the Closing to
occur as soon as reasonably possible and (iv) the obtaining of all necessary
consents, approvals or waivers from third parties, including any such
consents, approvals or waivers required in connection with any Divestiture. In
connection with and without limiting the foregoing, the Company and Parent
shall (A) duly file with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust
Division of the Department of Justice the notification and report form (the
"HSR Filing") required under the HSR Act and (B) duly make all notifications
and other filings required (i) under the EC Merger Regulation (together with
the HSR Filings, the "Antitrust Filings") or (ii) under any other applicable
competition, merger control, antitrust or similar Law that the Company and
Parent deem advisable or appropriate, in each case with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and as promptly as practicable.
The Antitrust Filings shall be in substantial compliance with the requirements
of the HSR Act, the EC Merger Regulation or other Laws, as applicable. Each
party shall cooperate with the other party to the extent necessary to assist
the other party in the preparation of its Antitrust Filings and, if requested,
to promptly amend or furnish additional information thereunder. Each party
shall use its reasonable best efforts to furnish to each other all information
required for any filing, form, declaration, notification, registration and
notice, other than confidential or proprietary information not directly
related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and to keep the
other party reasonably informed with respect to the status of each clearance,
approval or waiver sought from a Governmental Entity in


<PAGE>


                                                                            43


connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the
material communications between such party and such Governmental Entity. Each
party shall consult with the other party, and consider in good faith the views
of the other party, prior to entering into any agreement with any Antitrust
Authority. Neither party shall, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries
to, acquire or agree to acquire any business, person or division thereof, or
otherwise acquire or agree to acquire any assets if the entering into of a
definitive agreement relating to or the consummation of such acquisition,
could reasonably be expected to materially increase the risk of not obtaining
the applicable clearance, approval or waiver from an Antitrust Authority with
respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Company and
its Board of Directors shall (1) use reasonable best efforts to ensure that no
state takeover Law or similar Law is or becomes applicable to this Agreement,
the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
(2) if any state takeover Law or similar Law becomes applicable to this
Agreement, the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, use reasonable best efforts to ensure that the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement may be consummated as promptly as
practicable on the terms contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise to
minimize the effect of such Law on this Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing or
any other provision of this Agreement: (a) with respect to the assets of the
cardiac rhythm management businesses of Parent, the Company and their
respective Affiliates, Parent and its Affiliates shall only be required to
agree to Divestitures of such assets that individually or in the aggregate
would not reasonably be expected to have greater than a de minimis adverse
effect on the combined cardiac rhythm management business of Parent, the
Company and their respective Affiliates, taken as a whole; (b) with respect to
the assets of the coronary vascular intervention business of Parent and its
Affiliates, Parent and its Affiliates shall only be required to agree to
Divestitures of such assets that individually or in the aggregate would not
reasonably be expected to have greater than a de minimis adverse effect on the
drug eluting stent business of Parent and its Affiliates, taken as a whole;
(c) with respect to the assets of the vascular intervention business of the
Company and its Affiliates, Parent and its Affiliates shall only be required
to agree to Divestitures of such assets that individually or in the aggregate
would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the
combined vascular intervention business of Parent, the Company and their
respective Affiliates, taken as a whole; (d) none of Parent and its Affiliates
shall be required to agree to any Divestiture of any of their assets except as
provided in clauses (a) and (b) above and (e) if, but only if, directed by
Parent, the Company shall agree to any Divestiture of any of its assets or the
assets of any of its Affiliates if such Divestiture is conditioned on the
consummation of the Merger. For purposes of this Agreement, a "Divestiture" of
any asset shall mean (i) any sale, transfer, license, separate holding,
divestiture or other disposition, or any prohibition of, or any limitation on,
the acquisition, ownership, operation, effective control or exercise of full
rights of ownership, of such asset or (ii) the termination or amendment of any
existing relationships and contractual rights. It is agreed and understood
that, for purposes of this Agreement, a Divestiture of a business unit,
product line or development program may include (x) the transfer of any and
all assets primarily relating to that business unit or to the research,
development, manufacture, marketing or sale of that product line or
development program and (y) licensing or otherwise making available assets
that are related, but not primarily, to that business unit, product line or
development program; provided that Parent, the Company or their Affiliates
will be entitled to a license back or otherwise having made available
transferred assets to the extent that such assets


<PAGE>


                                                                            44


otherwise relate to other retained businesses, product lines or development
programs of Parent, the Company or any of their respective Affiliates. It is
understood and agreed by the parties that, for purposes of this Agreement, the
effect of any Divestiture required to be made pursuant to this Section 5.03
shall not, directly or indirectly, be deemed to result in a breach of the
representations and warranties set forth herein.

          SECTION 5.04. COMPANY STOCK OPTIONS; ESPP. (a) As soon as
practicable following the date of this Agreement, the Board of Directors of
the Company (or, if appropriate, any committee thereof administering the
Company Stock Plans) shall adopt such resolutions or take such other actions
as may be required to effect the following:

          (i) each Company Stock Option outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be amended and converted into an option to acquire, on
the same terms and conditions as were applicable under such Company Stock
Option, the number of shares of Parent Common Stock (rounded down to the
nearest whole share) equal to the sum of (x) the product of (A) the number of
shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Company Stock Option and (B)
the Exchange Ratio and (y) the product of (A) the number of shares of Company
Common Stock subject to such Company Stock Option and (B) the Cash Portion
Option Exchange Multiple, at an exercise price per share of Parent Common
Stock (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) equal to the quotient obtained by
dividing (1) the aggregate exercise price for the shares of Company Common
Stock subject to such Company Stock Option by (2) the aggregate number of
shares of Parent Common Stock to be subject to such Company Stock Option after
giving effect to the adjustments in this clause (i) (each, as so adjusted, an
"Adjusted Option"); and

          (ii) make such other changes to the Company Stock Plans as Parent
and the Company may agree are appropriate to give effect to the Merger.

          (b) As soon as practicable following the date of this Agreement, the
Board of Directors of the Company (or, if appropriate, any committee of the
Board of Directors of the Company administering the ESPP), shall adopt such
resolutions or take such other actions as may be required to provide that with
respect to the ESPP (i) participants may not increase their payroll deductions
or purchase elections from those in effect on the date of this Agreement, (ii)
each participant's outstanding right to purchase shares of Company Common
Stock under the ESPP shall terminate on the day immediately prior to the day
on which the Effective Time occurs, provided that all amounts allocated to
each participant's account under the ESPP as of such date shall thereupon be
used to purchase from the Company whole shares of Company Common Stock at the
applicable price determined under the terms of the ESPP for the then
outstanding offering periods using such date as the final purchase date for
each such offering period, and (iii) the ESPP shall terminate immediately
following such purchases of Company Common Stock.

          (c) The Company shall ensure that following the Effective Time, no
holder of a Company Stock Option (or former holder of a Company Stock Option)
or any participant in any Company Stock Plan, Company Benefit Plan or Company
Benefit Agreement shall have any right thereunder to acquire any capital stock
of the Company or the Surviving Corporation or any other equity interest
therein (including "phantom" stock or stock appreciation rights).


<PAGE>


                                                                            45


          (d) The adjustments provided in Section 5.04(a) with respect to any
Company Stock Option to which Section 421(a) of the Code applies shall be and
are intended to be effected in a manner which is consistent with Section
424(a) of the Code. As soon as practicable following the Effective Time,
Parent shall deliver to the holders of Adjusted Options appropriate notices
setting forth such holders' rights pursuant to the respective Company Stock
Plans and the Contracts evidencing the grants of such Adjusted Options, which
shall provide, among other things, that such Adjusted Options and Contracts
have been assumed by Parent and shall continue in effect on the same terms and
conditions (subject to the adjustments required by this Section 5.04 after
giving effect to the Merger).

          (e) Except as otherwise contemplated by this Section 5.04 and except
to the extent required under the respective terms of the Adjusted Options, all
restrictions or limitations on transfer and vesting with respect to Adjusted
Options, to the extent that such restrictions or limitations shall not have
already lapsed, and all other terms thereof, shall remain in full force and
effect with respect to such Adjusted Options after giving effect to the Merger
and the assumption by Parent as set forth above.

          (f) As soon as practicable following the Effective Time, Parent
shall prepare and file with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-8 (or
another appropriate form) registering shares of Parent Common Stock subject to
issuance upon the exercise of the Adjusted Options. The Company shall
cooperate with, and assist Parent in the preparation of, such registration
statement. Parent shall keep such registration statement effective (and to
maintain the current status of the prospectus required thereby) for so long as
any Adjusted Options remain outstanding.

          (g) For purposes of this Agreement, "Cash Portion Option Exchange
Multiple" means the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the Cash Portion by (y)
the Average Parent Stock Price.

          (h) Prior to the Effective Time, each of Parent and the Company
shall use reasonable best efforts to cause any dispositions of Company Common
Stock (including derivative securities with respect to Company Common Stock)
or acquisitions of Parent Common Stock (including derivative securities with
respect to Parent Common Stock) resulting from the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement by each individual who is subject to the reporting
requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act with respect to the Company
to be exempt under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act, such efforts
to include all steps required be taken in accordance with the No-Action Letter
dated January 12, 1999, issued by the SEC to Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher &
Flom LLP.

          SECTION 5.05. INDEMNIFICATION, EXCULPATION AND INSURANCE. (a) Parent
shall cause the Surviving Corporation to assume the obligations with respect
to all rights to indemnification and exculpation from liabilities, including
advancement of expenses, for acts or omissions occurring at or prior to the
Effective Time now existing in favor of the current or former directors or
officers of the Company as provided in the Company Articles, the Company By-
laws or any indemnification Contract between such directors or officers and
the Company (in each case, as in effect on the date hereof), without further
action, as of the Effective Time and


<PAGE>


                                                                            46


such obligations shall survive the Merger and shall continue in full force and
effect in accordance with their terms.

          (b) In the event that the Surviving Corporation or any of its
successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any other person
and is not the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such
consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers or conveys all or substantially all
of its properties and other assets to any person, then, and in each such case,
Parent shall cause proper provision to be made so that the successors and
assigns of the Surviving Corporation shall expressly assume the obligations
set forth in this Section 5.05. In the event (A) the Surviving Corporation
transfers any material portion of its assets, in a single transaction or in a
series of transactions or (B) Parent takes any action to materially impair the
financial ability of the Surviving Corporation to satisfy the obligations
referred to in Section 5.05(a), Parent will either guarantee such obligations
or take such other action to insure that the ability of the Surviving
Corporation, legal and financial, to satisfy such obligations will not be
diminished in any material respect.

          (c) For six years after the Effective Time, Parent shall maintain
(directly or indirectly through the Company's existing insurance programs) in
effect the Company's current directors' and officers' liability insurance in
respect of acts or omissions occurring at or prior to the Effective Time,
covering each person currently covered by the Company's directors' and
officers' liability insurance policy (a complete and accurate copy of which
has been heretofore delivered to Parent), on terms with respect to such
coverage and amounts no less favorable than those of such policy in effect on
the date hereof; provided, however, that Parent may (i) substitute therefor
policies of Parent containing terms with respect to coverage (including as
coverage relates to deductibles and exclusions) and amounts no less favorable
to such directors and officers or (ii) request that the Company obtain such
extended reporting period coverage under its existing insurance programs (to
be effective as of the Effective Time); provided further, however, that in
satisfying its obligation under this Section 5.05(c), neither the Company nor
Parent shall be obligated to pay more than in the aggregate the amount set
forth in Section 5.05(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule to obtain such
coverage. It is understood and agreed that in the event such coverage cannot
be obtained for such amount or less in the aggregate, Parent shall only be
obligated to provide such coverage as may be obtained for such aggregate
amount.

          (d) The provisions of this Section 5.05 (i) are intended to be for
the benefit of, and will be enforceable by, each indemnified party, his or her
heirs and his or her representatives and (ii) are in addition to, and not in
substitution for, any other rights to indemnification or contribution that any
such person may have by Contract or otherwise.

          SECTION 5.06. FEES AND EXPENSES. (a) Except as provided in
paragraphs (b), (c) and (d) of this Section 5.06, all fees and expenses
incurred in connection with this Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be paid by the party
incurring such fees or expenses, whether or not the Merger is consummated,
except that expenses incurred in connection with the printing and mailing of
the Form S-4 and the Proxy Statement shall be shared equally by Parent and the
Company.


<PAGE>


                                                                            47


          (b) In the event that (i) this Agreement is terminated by Parent
pursuant to Section 7.01(e) (other than as a result of a Company Adverse
Recommendation Change following the occurrence of a Parent Material Adverse
Effect), (ii) this Agreement is terminated by the Company pursuant to Section
7.01(f) or (iii) (A) prior to the obtaining of the Shareholder Approval, a
Takeover Proposal shall have been made to the Company or shall have been made
directly to the shareholders of the Company generally or shall have otherwise
become publicly known or any person shall have publicly announced an intention
(whether or not conditional) to make a Takeover Proposal, (B) thereafter this
Agreement is terminated by either Parent or the Company pursuant to Section
7.01(b)(i) (but only if a vote to obtain the Shareholder Approval or the
Shareholders' Meeting has not been held) or Section 7.01(b)(iii) and (C)
within 12 months after such termination, the Company enters into a definitive
Contract to consummate, or consummates, the transactions contemplated by any
Takeover Proposal, then the Company shall pay Parent a fee equal to
$750,000,000 (the "Parent Termination Fee") by wire transfer of same-day funds
on the first business day following (x) in the case of a payment required by
clause (i) or (ii) above, the date of termination of this Agreement and (y) in
the case of a payment required by clause (iii) above, the date of the first to
occur of the events referred to in clause (iii)(C). For purposes of clause
(iii)(C) of the immediately preceding sentence only, the term "Takeover
Proposal" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.02(a)
except that all references to "15%" therein shall be deemed to be references
to "35%".

          (c) In the event that (i) this Agreement is terminated pursuant to
Section 7.01(b)(i), 7.01(b)(ii) or 7.01(c)(ii) and (ii) at the time of any
such termination all of the conditions set forth in Article VI have been
satisfied or waived except for any of the conditions set forth in Section
6.01(b), 6.01(c), 6.01(d), 6.02(c) or 6.02(d) (in the case of Sections
6.01(d), 6.02(c) and 6.02(d), only to the extent that the conditions set forth
therein have not been satisfied due to a suit, action or proceeding by any
national Governmental Entity or the imposition of a Restraint, in either case
relating to competition, merger control, antitrust or similar Laws), then
Parent shall pay to the Company a fee equal to $700 million (the "Company
Termination Fee") by wire transfer of same-day funds on the first business day
following the date of termination of this Agreement.

          (d) The Company and Parent acknowledge and agree that the agreements
contained in Sections 5.06(b) and 5.06(c) are an integral part of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and that, without these
agreements, the Company and Parent would not enter into this Agreement;
accordingly, (i) if the Company fails promptly to pay the amount due pursuant
to Section 5.06(b), and, in order to obtain such payment, Parent commences a
suit that results in a judgment against the Company for the Parent Termination
Fee, the Company shall pay to Parent its costs and expenses (including
attorneys' fees and expenses) in connection with such suit, together with
interest on the amount of the Parent Termination Fee from the date such
payment was required to be made until the date of payment at the prime rate of
Citibank, N.A., in effect on the date such payment was required to be made.;
and (ii) if Parent fails promptly to pay the amount due pursuant to Section
5.06(c), and, in order to obtain such payment, the Company commences a suit
that results in a judgment against Parent for the Company Termination Fee,
Parent shall pay to the Company its costs and expenses (including attorneys'
fees and expenses) in connection with such suit, together with interest on the
amount of the Company Termination Fee from the date such payment was required
to be made until the date of payment at the prime rate of Citibank, N.A., in
effect on the date such payment was required to be made.


<PAGE>


                                                                            48


          SECTION 5.07. PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS. Except with respect to any
Company Adverse Recommendation Change made in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement, Parent and the Company shall consult with each other before
issuing, and give each other the opportunity to review and comment upon, any
press release or other public statements with respect to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including the Merger, and shall not issue any
such press release or make any such public statement prior to such
consultation, except as such party may reasonably conclude may be required by
applicable Law, court process or by obligations pursuant to any listing
agreement with any national securities exchange or national securities
quotation system. The parties agree that the initial press release to be
issued with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall
be in the form heretofore agreed to by the parties.

          SECTION 5.08. AFFILIATES. As soon as practicable after the date
hereof, the Company shall deliver to Parent a letter identifying all persons
who at the time this Agreement is submitted for adoption by the shareholders
of the Company may be deemed to be "affiliates" of the Company for purposes of
Rule 145 under the Securities Act. The Company shall use its reasonable best
efforts to cause each such person to deliver to Parent at least 30 days prior
to the Closing Date a written agreement substantially in the form attached as
Exhibit B hereto.

          SECTION 5.09. STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING. To the extent Parent does not
issue or intend to issue treasury shares in the Merger or to holders of
Adjusted Options that are already listed, Parent shall use its reasonable best
efforts to cause the shares of Parent Common Stock to be issued in the Merger
and to holders of Adjusted Options to be promptly approved for listing on the
NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance, prior to the Closing Date.

          SECTION 5.10. SHAREHOLDER LITIGATION. The Company shall give Parent
the opportunity to participate in the defense or settlement of any shareholder
litigation against the Company and/or its directors relating to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and no such settlement shall be
agreed to without Parent's prior written consent.

          SECTION 5.11. EMPLOYEE MATTERS. (a) (i) For a period of twelve
months following the Effective Time, the employees of the Company and its
Subsidiaries who remain in the employment of the Surviving Corporation and its
Subsidiaries (the "Continuing Employees") shall receive employee benefits that
in the aggregate are substantially comparable to the employee benefits
provided to such employees immediately prior to the Effective Time; (ii) for
the six-month period immediately following the expiration of the twelve-month
period described in the preceding clause (i), the Continuing Employees shall
receive employee benefits that in the aggregate are substantially comparable
to either the employee benefits provided to such employees immediately prior
to the Effective Time or the employee benefits provided to similarly situated
employees of Parent and its Subsidiaries; and (iii) for a period of not less
than eighteen months following the Effective Time, the Continuing Employees
shall receive base salary or wage rates that are not less than those in effect
for such Continuing Employees immediately prior to the Effective Time;
provided that neither Parent nor the Surviving Corporation nor any of their
Subsidiaries shall have any obligation to issue, or adopt any plans or
arrangements providing for the issuance of, shares of capital stock, warrants,
options, stock appreciation rights or other rights in respect of any shares of
capital stock of any entity or any securities convertible or exchangeable into
such shares pursuant to any such plans or


<PAGE>


                                                                            49


arrangements; provided, further, that no plans or arrangements of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries providing for such issuance shall be taken into
account in determining whether employee benefits are substantially comparable
in the aggregate.

          (b) Nothing contained herein shall be construed as requiring, and
the Company shall take no action that would have the effect of requiring,
Parent or the Surviving Corporation to continue any specific employee benefit
plans or to continue the employment of any specific person.

          (c) Parent shall cause the Surviving Corporation to recognize the
service of each Continuing Employee as if such service had been performed with
Parent (i) for purposes of vesting (but not benefit accrual) under Parent's
defined benefit pension plan, (ii) for purposes of eligibility for vacation
under Parent's vacation program, (iii) for purposes of eligibility and
participation under any health or welfare plan maintained by Parent (other
than any post-employment health or post-employment welfare plan) , (iv) for
purposes of eligibility for the company matching contribution under Parent's
401(k) savings plan (it being understood that each Continuing Employee who was
participating in the Company's 401(k) savings plan immediately prior to
becoming eligible to participate in Parent's 401(k) savings plan shall be
immediately eligible for the company matching contribution under Parent's
401(k) savings plan) and (v) unless covered under another arrangement with or
of the Company, for benefit accrual purposes under Parent's severance plan (in
the case of each of clauses (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v), solely to the
extent that Parent makes such plan or program available to employees of the
Surviving Corporation, it being Parent's current intention to do so), but not
for purposes of any other employee benefit plan of Parent.

          (d) With respect to any welfare plan maintained by Parent in which
Continuing Employees are eligible to participate after the Effective Time,
Parent shall, and shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, (i) waive all
limitations as to preexisting conditions and exclusions with respect to
participation and coverage requirements applicable to such employees to the
extent such conditions and exclusions were satisfied or did not apply to such
employees under the welfare plans maintained by the Company prior to the
Effective Time and (ii) provide each Continuing Employee with credit for any
co-payments and deductibles paid prior to the Effective Time in satisfying any
analogous deductible or out-of-pocket requirements to the extent applicable
under any such plan.

          (e) Subject to the provisions of Section 5.11(a) through (d), Parent
shall assume all obligations under and honor in accordance with their terms,
and shall cause the Surviving Corporation to honor in accordance with their
terms, the Company Benefit Plans and Company Benefit Agreements listed on
Section 5.11(e) of the Company Disclosure Schedule (as modified, if
applicable, as agreed between Parent and individual employees of the Company
or its Subsidiaries). Parent acknowledges and agrees that the Merger will
constitute a "change in control" within the meaning of the Company Benefit
Plans and Company Benefit Agreements which include a definition of such (or
substantially similar) concept, except to the extent otherwise agreed between
Parent and individual employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

          (f) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Section 5.11, the
provisions of Section 5.11(a), (c) and (d) shall apply only with respect to
Continuing Employees who are


<PAGE>


                                                                            49


covered under Company Benefit Plans that are maintained primarily for the
benefit of employees employed in the United States (including Continuing
Employees regularly employed outside the United States to the extent they
participate in such Company Benefit Plans). With respect to Continuing
Employees not described in the preceding sentence, Parent shall, and shall
cause the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries to, comply with all
applicable laws, directives and regulations relating to employees and employee
benefits matters applicable to such employees.

          SECTION 5.12. COMPANY NOTES. Each of the Company, Parent and Sub
shall take each action required to be taken by such party pursuant to the
Indenture dated as of January 18, 1996, between the Company and Citibank,
N.A., with respect to the Company Notes, as necessary to consummate the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement in compliance
therewith.

          SECTION 5.13. RIGHTS AGREEMENT. The Board of Directors of the
Company shall take all further actions (in addition to those referred to in
Section 3.01(v)) requested by Parent in order to render the Company Rights
inapplicable to the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. Except as provided above with respect to the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Board of Directors of the
Company shall not, without the prior written consent of Parent, amend, take
any action with respect to, or make any determination under, the Rights
Agreement (including a redemption of the Company Rights) to facilitate a
Takeover Proposal.


                                  ARTICLE VI

                             CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

          SECTION 6.01. CONDITIONS TO EACH PARTY'S OBLIGATION TO EFFECT THE
MERGER. The respective obligation of each party to effect the Merger is
subject to the satisfaction or (to the extent permitted by Law) waiver by
Parent and the Company on or prior to the Closing Date of the following
conditions:

          (a) SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL. The Shareholder Approval shall have been
     obtained.

          (b) NYSE LISTING. The shares of Parent Common Stock issuable to the
     shareholders of the Company and to holders of Adjusted Options as
     contemplated by this Agreement shall have been approved for listing on
     the NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance.

          (c) ANTITRUST. (i) The waiting period (and any extension thereof)
     applicable to the Merger under the HSR Act shall have been terminated or
     shall have expired and (ii) the European Commission shall have issued a
     decision under Article 6(1)(b), 8(1) or 8(2) of the EC Merger Regulation
     (or shall have been deemed to have done so under Article 10(6) of the EC
     Merger Regulation) declaring the Merger compatible with the EC Common
     Market (and/or, as may be the case, any national competition authority in
     the


<PAGE>


                                                                            50


     EC to which all or part of the case may have been transferred shall have
     issued a decision with similar effect or have been deemed to have done
     so).

          (d) NO INJUNCTIONS OR RESTRAINTS. No temporary restraining order,
     preliminary or permanent injunction or other judgment or order issued by
     any court or agency of competent jurisdiction or other Law, rule, legal
     restraint or prohibition (collectively, "Restraints") shall be in effect
     preventing the consummation of the Merger.

          (e) FORM S-4. The Form S-4 shall have become effective under the
     Securities Act and shall not be the subject of any stop order or
     proceedings seeking a stop order.

          SECTION 6.02. CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF PARENT AND SUB. The
obligations of Parent and Sub to effect the Merger are further subject to the
satisfaction or (to the extent permitted by Law) waiver by Parent on or prior
to the Closing Date of the following conditions:

          (a) REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. (i) The representations and
     warranties of the Company contained in Sections 3.01(c), 3.01(d),
     3.01(g)(iv) (but only with respect to current and former directors and
     Tier I Employees), 3.01(i)(2)(A), 3.01(q), 3.01(r) (but not with respect
     to the last sentence thereof) and 3.01(v) of this Agreement that are
     qualified as to materiality or by reference to Material Adverse Effect or
     Material Adverse Change shall be true and correct, and such
     representations and warranties of the Company that are not so qualified
     shall be true and correct in all material respects, in each case as of
     the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on
     the Closing Date, except to the extent such representations and
     warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case as of such
     earlier date, (ii) the representations and warranties of the Company
     contained in Sections 3.01(i)(2)(B) and (C) shall be true and correct as
     of the date of this Agreement as though made on the Closing Date, except
     to the extent that the facts or matters as to which such representations
     and warranties are not so true and correct as of such date, individually
     or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a material
     adverse effect on the reasonably expected benefits of the Merger to
     Parent and (iii) all other representations and warranties of the Company
     contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct as of the date of
     this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on the Closing
     Date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly
     relate to a specified date, in which case as of such specified date, and
     except further, in the case of this clause (iii), to the extent that the
     facts or matters as to which such representations and warranties are not
     so true and correct as of such dates (without giving effect to any
     qualifications or limitations as to materiality or Material Adverse
     Effect or Material Adverse Change set forth therein), individually or in
     the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have
     a Material Adverse Effect. Parent shall have received a certificate
     signed on behalf of the Company by an executive officer of the Company to
     such effect.

          (b) PERFORMANCE OF OBLIGATIONS OF THE COMPANY. The Company shall
     have performed in all material respects all obligations required to be
     performed by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date, and
     Parent shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of the Company
     by the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer of the
     Company to such effect.


<PAGE>


                                                                            52


          (c) NO LITIGATION. There shall not be pending any suit, action or
     proceeding by any national Governmental Entity (i) seeking to restrain or
     prohibit the consummation of the Merger or any other transaction
     contemplated by this Agreement or seeking to obtain from the Company,
     Parent, Sub or any other Affiliate of Parent any damages that are
     material in relation to the Company, (ii) seeking to impose limitations
     on the ability of Parent or any Affiliate of Parent to hold, or exercise
     full rights of ownership of, any shares of capital stock of the Surviving
     Corporation, including the right to vote such shares on all matters
     properly presented to the shareholders of the Surviving Corporation,
     (iii) seeking to prohibit Parent or any of its Affiliates from
     effectively controlling in any material respect the business or
     operations of the Company or any of its Affiliates, (iv) seeking any
     Divestiture that is not required to be effected pursuant to the terms of
     this Agreement or (v) that has had or would reasonably be expected to
     have a Material Adverse Effect or Parent Material Adverse Effect.

          (d) RESTRAINTS. No Restraint that would reasonably be expected to
     result, directly or indirectly, in any of the effects referred to in
     clauses (i) through (v) of paragraph (c) of this Section 6.02 shall be in
     effect.

          SECTION 6.03. CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATION OF THE COMPANY. The obligation
of the Company to effect the Merger is further subject to the satisfaction or
(to the extent permitted by Law) waiver by the Company on or prior to the
Closing Date of the following conditions:

          (a) REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. (i) The representations and
     warranties of Parent and Sub contained in Section 3.02(b) of this
     Agreement that are qualified as to materiality or by reference to Parent
     Material Adverse Effect or Parent Material Adverse Change shall be true
     and correct, and such representations and warranties of Parent that are
     not so qualified shall be true and correct in all material respects, in
     each case as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as
     though made on the Closing Date, except to the extent such
     representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in
     which case as of such earlier date and (ii) all other representations and
     warranties of Parent contained in this Agreement shall be true and
     correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as
     though made on the Closing Date, except to the extent such
     representations and warranties expressly relate to a specified date, in
     which case as of such specified date, and except further, in the case of
     this clause (ii), to the extent that the facts or matters as to which
     such representations and warranties are not so true and correct as of
     such dates (without giving effect to any qualifications or limitations as
     to materiality or Parent Material Adverse Effect or Parent Material
     Adverse Change set forth therein), individually or in the aggregate, have
     not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material
     Adverse Effect. The Company shall have received a certificate signed on
     behalf of Parent by an executive officer of Parent to such effect.

          (b) PERFORMANCE OF OBLIGATIONS OF PARENT AND SUB. Parent and Sub
     shall have performed in all material respects all obligations required to
     be performed by them under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing
     Date, and the Company shall have received a certificate signed on behalf
     of Parent by an executive officer of Parent to such effect.


<PAGE>


                                                                            53


          SECTION 6.04. FRUSTRATION OF CLOSING CONDITIONS. None of the Company,
Parent or Sub may rely on the failure of any condition set forth in Section
6.01, 6.02 or 6.03, as the case may be, to be satisfied if such failure was
caused by such party's failure to act in good faith or to use its reasonable
best efforts to consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, as required by and subject to Section 5.03.


                                  ARTICLE VII

                       TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

          SECTION 7.01. TERMINATION. This Agreement may be terminated at any
time prior to the Effective Time, whether before or after receipt of the
Shareholder Approval:

          (a) by mutual written consent of Parent, Sub and the Company;

          (b) by either Parent or the Company:

               (i) if the Merger shall not have been consummated on or before
          February 28, 2006; provided, however, that the right to terminate
          this Agreement under this Section 7.01(b)(i) shall not be available
          to any party whose wilful breach of a representation or warranty in
          this Agreement or whose other action or failure to act has been a
          principal cause of or resulted in the failure of the Merger to be
          consummated on or before such date;

               (ii) if any Restraint having any of the effects set forth in
          Section 6.01(d) shall be in effect and shall have become final and
          nonappealable; or

               (iii) if the Shareholder Approval shall not have been obtained
          at the Shareholders' Meeting duly convened therefor or at any
          adjournment or postponement thereof;

          (c) by Parent (i) if the Company shall have breached or failed to
     perform any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements
     set forth in this Agreement, which breach or failure to perform (A) would
     give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in Section 6.02(a) or
     6.02(b) and (B) is incapable of being cured by the Company within 30
     calendar days following receipt of written notice of such breach or
     failure to perform from Parent or (ii) if any Restraint having the
     effects referred to in clauses (i) through (v) of Section 6.02(c) shall
     be in effect and shall have become final and nonappealable;

          (d) by the Company, if Parent shall have breached or failed to
     perform any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements
     set forth in this Agreement, which breach or failure to perform (A) would
     give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in Section 6.03(a) or
     6.03(b) and (B) is incapable of being cured by Parent within 30 calendar
     days following receipt of written notice of such breach or failure to
     perform from the Company;


<PAGE>


                                                                            54


          (e) by Parent, in the event that prior to the obtaining of the
     Shareholder Approval (i) a Company Adverse Recommendation Change shall
     have occurred or (ii) the Board of Directors of the Company fails
     publicly to reaffirm its adoption and recommendation of this Agreement,
     the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement
     within ten business days of receipt of a written request by Parent to
     provide such reaffirmation following a Takeover Proposal; or

          (f) by the Company in accordance with the terms and subject to the
     conditions of Section 4.02(b).

          SECTION 7.02. EFFECT OF TERMINATION. In the event of termination of
this Agreement by either the Company or Parent as provided in Section 7.01,
this Agreement shall forthwith become void and have no effect, without any
liability or obligation on the part of Parent, Sub or the Company under this
Agreement, other than the provisions of Section 3.01(s) and 3.02(g), the
second, third and fourth sentences of Section 5.02(a), Section 5.06, this
Section 7.02 and Article VIII, which provisions shall survive such
termination; provided, however, that no such termination shall relieve any
party hereto from any liability or damages resulting from the wilful and
material breach by a party of any of its representations, warranties,
covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement.

          SECTION 7.03. AMENDMENT. This Agreement may be amended by the parties
hereto at any time before or after receipt of the Shareholder Approval;
provided, however, that after such approval has been obtained, there shall be
made no amendment that by applicable Law requires further approval by the
shareholders of the Company without such approval having been obtained. This
Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed on
behalf of each of the parties hereto.

          SECTION 7.04. EXTENSION; WAIVER. At any time prior to the Effective
Time, the parties may (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the
obligations or other acts of the other parties, (b) to the extent permitted by
applicable Law, waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties
contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto or (c) subject
to the proviso to the first sentence of Section 7.03 and to the extent
permitted by applicable Law, waive compliance with any of the agreements or
conditions contained herein. Any agreement on the part of a party to any such
extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in
writing signed on behalf of such party. The failure of any party to this
Agreement to assert any of its rights under this Agreement or otherwise shall
not constitute a waiver of such rights nor shall any single or partial
exercise by any party to this Agreement of any of its rights under this
Agreement preclude any other or further exercise of such rights or any other
rights under this Agreement.

          SECTION 7.05. PROCEDURE FOR TERMINATION OR AMENDMENT. A termination
of this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.01 or an amendment of this Agreement
pursuant to Section 7.03 shall, in order to be effective, require, in the case
of Parent or the Company, action by its Board of Directors or, with respect to
any amendment of this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.03, the duly authorized
committee of its Board of Directors to the extent permitted by applicable Law.


<PAGE>


                                                                            55


                                 ARTICLE VIII

                              GENERAL PROVISIONS

          SECTION 8.01. NONSURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. None of
the representations and warranties in this Agreement or in any instrument
delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the Effective Time. This
Section 8.01 shall not limit any covenant or agreement of the parties which by
its terms contemplates performance after the Effective Time.

          SECTION 8.02. NOTICES. Except for notices that are specifically
required by the terms of this Agreement to be delivered orally, all notices,
requests, claims, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given if delivered personally, telecopied (which is
confirmed) or sent by overnight courier (providing proof of delivery) to the
parties at the following addresses (or at such other address for a party as
shall be specified by like notice):

          if to Parent or Sub, to:

               Johnson & Johnson One
               Johnson & Johnson Plaza
               New Brunswick, NJ 08933

               Telecopy No.:  (732) 524-2788

               Attention:  Office of General Counsel

               with a copy to:

               Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP
               Worldwide Plaza
               825 Eighth Avenue
               New York, NY 10019

               Telecopy No.:  (212) 474-3700

               Attention:  Robert I. Townsend, III, Esq.

          if to the Company, to:

               Guidant Corporation
               111 Monument Circle, 29th Floor
               Indianapolis, IN 46204
               Telecopy No.:  (317) 971-2119

               Attention:  General Counsel


<PAGE>


                                                                            56


               with a copy to:

               Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP
               333 West Wacker Drive
               Chicago, Illinois 60606

               Telecopy No.:  (312) 407-0411

               Attention:  Charles W. Mulaney, Jr., Esq.

          SECTION 8.03. DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Agreement:

          (a) an "Affiliate" of any person means another person that directly
     or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is
     controlled by, or is under common control with, such first person;

          (b) "Knowledge" of any person that is not an individual means, with
     respect to any matter in question, the actual knowledge of such person's
     executive officers after making due inquiry of the current Tier I
     Employees and Tier II Employees having primary responsibility for such
     matter;

          (c) "Material Adverse Change" or "Material Adverse Effect" means any
     change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or development which
     individually or in the aggregate would reasonably be expected to result
     in any change or effect, that is materially adverse to the business,
     financial condition or results of operations of the Company and its
     Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; provided, that none of the following
     shall be deemed, either alone or in combination, to constitute, and none
     of the following shall be taken into account in determining whether there
     has been or will be, a Material Adverse Change or Material Adverse
     Effect: (A) any change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or
     development (1) in the financial or securities markets or the economy in
     general, (2) in the industries in which the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries operates in general, to the extent that such change, effect,
     event, occurrence, state of facts or development does not
     disproportionately impact the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (3)
     resulting from any Divestiture required to be effected pursuant to the
     terms of this Agreement or (B) any failure, in and of itself, by the
     Company to meet any internal or published projections, forecasts or
     revenue or earnings predictions (it being understood that the facts or
     occurrences giving rise or contributing to such failure may be deemed to
     constitute, or be taken into account in determining whether there has
     been or would reasonably be expected to be, a Material Adverse Effect or
     a Material Adverse Change);

          (d) "Parent Material Adverse Change" or "Parent Material Adverse
     Effect" means any change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or
     development which individually or in the aggregate would reasonably be
     expected to result in any change or effect, that is materially adverse to
     the business, financial condition or results of operations of Parent and
     its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; provided, that none of the following
     shall be deemed, either alone or in combination, to constitute, and none
     of the following shall be taken into account in determining whether there
     has been or will be, a


<PAGE>


                                                                            57


     Parent Material Adverse Change or Parent Material Adverse Effect: (A) any
     change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or development (1) in
     the financial or securities markets or the economy in general, (2) in the
     industries in which Parent or any of its Subsidiaries operates in
     general, to the extent that such change, effect, event, occurrence, state
     of facts or development does not disproportionately impact Parent or any
     of its Subsidiaries or (3) resulting from any Divestiture required to be
     effected pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or (B) any failure, in
     and of itself, by Parent to meet any internal or published projections,
     forecasts or revenue or earnings predictions (it being understood that
     the facts or occurrences giving rise or contributing to such failure may
     be deemed to constitute, or be taken into account in determining whether
     there has been or would reasonably be expected to be, a Parent Material
     Adverse Effect or a Parent Material Adverse Change);

          (e) "person" means an individual, corporation, partnership, limited
     liability company, joint venture, association, trust, unincorporated
     organization or other entity; and

          (f) a "Subsidiary" of any person means another person, an amount of
     the voting securities, other voting rights or voting partnership
     interests of which is sufficient to elect at least a majority of its
     board of directors or other governing body (or, if there are no such
     voting interests, 50% or more of the equity interests of which) is owned
     directly or indirectly by such first person.

          SECTION 8.04. INTERPRETATION. When a reference is made in this
Agreement to an Article, a Section, Exhibit or Schedule, such reference shall
be to an Article of, a Section of, or an Exhibit or Schedule to, this
Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The table of contents and headings
contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not
affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever
the words "include", "includes" or "including" are used in this Agreement,
they shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without limitation". The
words "hereof", "herein" and "hereunder" and words of similar import when used
in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any
particular provision of this Agreement. References to "this Agreement" shall
include the Company Disclosure Schedule. All terms defined in this Agreement
shall have the defined meanings when used in any certificate or other document
made or delivered pursuant hereto unless otherwise defined therein. The
definitions contained in this Agreement are applicable to the singular as well
as the plural forms of such terms and to the masculine as well as to the
feminine and neuter genders of such term. Any Contract, instrument or Law
defined or referred to herein or in any Contract or instrument that is
referred to herein means such Contract, instrument or Law as from time to time
amended, modified or supplemented, including (in the case of Contracts or
instruments) by waiver or consent and (in the case of Laws) by succession of
comparable successor Laws and references to all attachments thereto and
instruments incorporated therein. References to a person are also to its
permitted successors and assigns.

          SECTION 8.05. CONSENTS AND APPROVALS. For any matter under this
Agreement requiring the consent or approval of any party to be valid and
binding on the parties hereto, such consent or approval must be in writing.


<PAGE>


                                                                            58


          SECTION 8.06. COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in one or
more counterparts (including by facsimile), all of which shall be considered
one and the same agreement and shall become effective when one or more
counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the
other parties.

          SECTION 8.07. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; NO THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES. This
Agreement (including the Exhibits and Schedules) and the Confidentiality
Agreement and any agreements entered into contemporaneously herewith (a)
constitute the entire agreement, and supersede all prior agreements and
understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the
subject matter of this Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement and (b)
except for the provisions of Article II and Section 5.05, are not intended to
and do not confer upon any person other than the parties any legal or
equitable rights or remedies.

          SECTION 8.08. GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF INDIANA, REGARDLESS OF
THE LAWS THAT MIGHT OTHERWISE GOVERN UNDER APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS
OF LAWS THEREOF.

          SECTION 8.09. ASSIGNMENT. Neither this Agreement nor any of the
rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned, in whole or in
part, by operation of law or otherwise by any of the parties without the prior
written consent of the other parties, and any assignment without such consent
shall be null and void, except that Sub, upon prior written notice to the
Company, may assign, in its sole discretion, any of or all its rights,
interests and obligations under this Agreement to Parent or to any direct or
indirect wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent, but no such assignment shall
relieve Parent or Sub of any of its obligations hereunder. Subject to the
preceding sentence, this Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit
of, and be enforceable by, the parties and their respective successors and
assigns.

          SECTION 8.10. SPECIFIC ENFORCEMENT; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. The
parties agree that irreparable damage would occur and that the parties would
not have any adequate remedy at law in the event that any of the provisions of
this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or
were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be
entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement
and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement in the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, this being
in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in
equity. In addition, each of the parties hereto (a) consents to submit itself
to the personal jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York in the event any dispute arises out of this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (b) agrees that
it will not attempt to deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction by motion or
other request for leave from any such court and (c) agrees that it will not
bring any action relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement in any court other than the United States District Court for
the Southern District of New York.

          SECTION 8.11. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. Each party hereto hereby waives,
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, any right it may have to a
trial by jury in respect of any suit, action or other proceeding arising out
of this Agreement or the transactions


<PAGE>


                                                                            59


contemplated hereby. Each party hereto (a) certifies that no representative,
agent or attorney of any other party has represented, expressly or otherwise,
that such party would not, in the event of any action, suit or proceeding,
seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (b) acknowledges that it and the
other parties hereto have been induced to enter into this Agreement, by, among
other things, the mutual waiver and certifications in this Section 8.11.

          SECTION 8.12. SEVERABILITY. If any term or other provision of this
Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of
law or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement
shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect. Upon such determination
that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being
enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this
Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as
possible to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law in an acceptable
manner to the end that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are
fulfilled to the extent possible.


<PAGE>


                                                                            60


          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Sub and the Company have caused this
Agreement to be signed by their respective officers hereunto duly authorized,
all as of the date first written above.


                                JOHNSON & JOHNSON,

                                  by   /s/ Michael J. Dormer
                                    ---------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Michael J. Dormer
                                    Title: Worldwide Chairman, Medical Devices


                                SHELBY MERGER SUB, INC.,

                                  by  /s James R. Hilton
                                    ---------------------------------------
                                    Name:  James R. Hilton
                                    Title: President


                                GUIDANT CORPORATION,

                                  by  /s/ Ronald W. Dollens
                                    ---------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Ronald W. Dollens
                                    Title: President and Chief Executive Officer



<PAGE>


                                                                        ANNEX I
                                                        TO THE MERGER AGREEMENT


                            INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS

Term


Acquisition Agreement...........................................Section 4.02(b)
Actions.........................................................Section 4.01(d)
Adjusted Option.................................................Section 5.04(a)
Affiliate.......................................................Section 8.03(a)
Agreement..............................................................Preamble
Alza............................................................Section 3.02(h)
Antitrust Filings..................................................Section 5.03
Articles of Merger.................................................Section 1.03
Average Parent Stock Price......................................Section 2.01(c)
Cash Portion....................................................Section 2.01(c)
Cash Portion Option Exchange Multiple...........................Section 5.04(h)
Certificate.....................................................Section 2.01(c)
Closing............................................................Section 1.02
Closing Date.......................................................Section 1.02
Closing Price...................................................Section 2.02(e)
Code....................................................................2.02(j)
Commonly Controlled Entity......................................Section 3.01(l)
Company................................................................Preamble
Company Adverse Recommendation Change...........................Section 4.02(b)
Company Articles...................................................Section 1.05
Company Benefit Agreements......................................Section 3.01(g)
Company Benefit Plans...........................................Section 3.01(l)
Company By-laws.................................................Section 3.01(a)
Company Common Stock...................................................Recitals
Company Disclosure Schedule........................................Section 3.01
Company Notes...................................................Section 4.01(a)
Company Pension Plan............................................Section 3.01(l)
Company Preferred Stock.........................................Section 3.01(c)
Company Restricted Stock........................................Section 3.01(c)
Company Rights..................................................Section 3.01(v)
Company SEC Documents...........................................Section 3.01(e)
Company Series A Preferred Stock................................Section 3.01(c)
Company Stock-Based Awards......................................Section 3.01(c)
Company Stock Options...........................................Section 3.01(c)
Company Stock Plans.............................................Section 3.01(c)
Company Termination Fee.........................................Section 5.06(c)
Company Welfare Plan............................................Section 3.01(l)
Confidentiality Agreement..........................................Section 5.02
Continuing Employees............................................Section 5.11(a)
Contract........................................................Section 3.01(d)
EC Merger Regulation............................................Section 3.01(d)
Effective Time.....................................................Section 1.03


<PAGE>


Environmental Laws..............................................Section 3.01(j)
ERISA...........................................................Section 3.01(j)
ESPP............................................................Section 3.01(c)
Excess Distribution.............................................Section 4.01(d)
Exchange Act....................................................Section 3.01(d)
Exchange Agent..................................................Section 2.02(a)
Exchange Fund...................................................Section 2.02(a)
Exchange Ratio..................................................Section 2.01(c)
FDA.............................................................Section 3.01(u)
FDCA............................................................Section 3.01(j)
Filed Company SEC Documents........................................Section 3.01
Filed Parent SEC Documents ........................................Section 3.02
Form S-4........................................................Section 3.01(f)
GAAP............................................................Section 3.01(e)
Governmental Entity.............................................Section 3.01(d)
Hazardous Materials.............................................Section 3.01(j)
HSR Act.........................................................Section 3.01(d)
HSR Filing.........................................................Section 5.03
IBCL...............................................................Section 1.01
Intellectual Property Rights....................................Section 3.01(p)
IRS.............................................................Section 3.01(l)
Key Personnel...................................................Section 3.01(g)
Knowledge.......................................................Section 8.03(b)
Law.............................................................Section 3.01(d)
Legal Provisions................................................Section 3.01(j)
Liens...........................................................Section 3.01(b)
Material Adverse Change.........................................Section 8.03(c)
Material Adverse Effect.........................................Section 8.03(c)
Medical Device..................................................Section 3.01(u)
Merger.................................................................Recitals
Merger Consideration............................................Section 2.01(c)
New Rights Plan....................................................Section 5.13
Non-U.S. Subsidiary.............................................Section 4.01(d)
Notice of Superior Proposal.....................................Section 4.02(b)
NYSE....................................................................2.01(c)
Order...................................................................3.01(d)
Paragraph 6.............................................................3.01(r)
Parent.................................................................Preamble
Parent Common Stock....................................................Recitals
Parent Disclosure Schedule.........................................Section 3.02
Parent Material Adverse Change..................................Section 8.03(d)
Parent Material Adverse Effect..................................Section 8.03(d)
Parent Preferred Stock..........................................Section 3.02(h)
Parent SEC Documents............................................Section 3.02(c)
Parent Termination Fee..........................................Section 5.06(b)
Permits.........................................................Section 3.01(j)


<PAGE>


Person..........................................................Section 8.03(e)
Post-Signing Returns............................................Section 4.01(d)
Primary Company Executives......................................Section 3.01(m)
Proxy Statement.................................................Section 3.01(d)
Representatives.................................................Section 4.02(a)
Release.........................................................Section 3.01(j)
Restraints......................................................Section 6.01(d)
Rights Agreement................................................Section 3.01(v)
SEC.............................................................Section 3.01(d)
Securities Act..................................................Section 3.01(e)
Shareholder Approval............................................Section 3.01(q)
Shareholders' Meeting...........................................Section 5.01(b)
Significant Subsidiary .........................................Section 3.01(a)
Social Security Act.............................................Section 3.01(u)
SOX.............................................................Section 3.01(e)
Stock Portion...................................................Section 2.01(c)
Sub....................................................................Preamble
Sub Articles....................................................Section 3.02(a)
Subsidiary......................................................Section 8.03(g)
Superior Proposal...............................................Section 4.02(a)
Surviving Corporation..............................................Section 1.01
Takeover Proposal...............................................Section 4.02(a)
tax.............................................................Section 3.01(n)
taxing authority................................................Section 3.01(n)
tax return......................................................Section 3.01(n)
Tier I Employee.................................................Section 3.01(g)
Tier II Employee................................................Section 3.01(g)


<PAGE>


                                                                     EXHIBIT A
                                                        TO THE MERGER AGREEMENT

                      RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
                         OF THE SURVIVING CORPORATION

          FIRST: The name of the corporation (hereinafter called the
"Corporation") is Guidant Corporation.

          SECOND: The aggregate number of shares which the Corporation shall
have authority to issue is 1,000 shares of Common Stock, without par value.

          THIRD: The street address of the Corporation's initial registered
office in Indiana is 307 East McCarty Street, Indianapolis 46285 and the name
of its initial registered agent at that office is [Name of Agent].

          FOURTH: The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful
act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the Business
Corporation Law of the State of Indiana.

          FIFTH: In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred
upon it by law, the Board of Directors of the Corporation is expressly
authorized to adopt, amend or repeal the By-laws of the Corporation.

          SIXTH: To the fullest extent permitted by the Business Corporation
Law of the State of Indiana as it now exists and as it may hereafter be
amended, no director or officer of the Corporation shall be personally liable
to the Corporation or any of its shareholders for monetary damages for breach
of fiduciary duty as a director or officer.

          SEVENTH: The Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by
Section 23-1-37 of the Business Corporation Law of the State of Indiana, as
the same may be amended and supplemented, indemnify any and all persons whom
it shall have power to indemnify under said Section from and against any and
all of the expenses, liabilities, or other matters referred to in or covered
by said Section. Such indemnification shall be mandatory and not
discretionary. The indemnification provided for herein shall not be deemed
exclusive of any other rights to which those indemnified may be entitled under
any by-law, agreement, vote of shareholders or disinterested directors or
otherwise, both as to action in his or her official capacity and as to action
in another capacity while holding such office, and shall continue as to a
person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee, or agent and shall
inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors, and administrators of such a
person. Any repeal or modification of this Article SEVENTH shall not adversely
affect any right to indemnification of any persons existing at the time of
such repeal or modification with respect to any matter occurring prior to such
repeal or modification.

          The Corporation shall to the fullest extent permitted by the
Business Corporation Law of the State of Indiana advance all costs and
expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees and expenses)
incurred by any director or officer within 15 days of the presentation of same
to the Corporation, with respect to any one or more actions, suits or
proceedings, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, so long
as the Corporation receives from the director or officer a written affirmation
required by the Business Corporation


<PAGE>


                                                                             2


Law of the State of Indiana of his or her good faith belief that he or she has
met the applicable standard of conduct established by the Business Corporation
Law of the State of Indiana, together with an unsecured undertaking to repay
such expenses if it shall ultimately be determined that such director or
officer is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation under the
Business Corporation Law of the State of Indiana. Such obligation to advance
costs and expenses shall be mandatory, and not discretionary, and shall
include, without limitation, costs and expenses incurred in asserting
affirmative defenses, counterclaims and cross claims. Such undertaking to
repay may, if first requested in writing by the applicable director or
officer, be on behalf of (rather than by) such director or officer, provided
that in such case the Corporation shall have the right to approve the party
making such undertaking.

          EIGHTH: Unless and except to the extent that the By-laws of the
Corporation shall so require, the election of directors of the Corporation
need not be by written ballot.


<PAGE>



                                                                     EXHIBIT B
                                                       TO THE MERGER AGREEMENT


                           Form of Affiliate Letter
                           ------------------------

Dear Sirs:

          The undersigned, a holder of shares of common stock, without par
value ("Company Common Stock"), of Guidant Corporation, an Indiana corporation
(the "Company"), acknowledges that the undersigned may be deemed an
"affiliate" of the Company within the meaning of Rule 145 ("Rule 145")
promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities
Act"), by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). Pursuant to the
terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of December 15, 2004 (the
"Merger Agreement"), among Johnson & Johnson, a New Jersey corporation
("Parent"), Shelby Merger Sub, Inc., an Indiana corporation and a wholly owned
subsidiary of Parent ("Sub"), and the Company, Merger Sub will be merged with
and into the Company (the "Merger"), and in connection with the Merger, the
undersigned is entitled to receive a certain number of shares of the common
stock of Parent ("Parent Common Stock"), determined in accordance with the
Merger Agreement, and $30.40 in cash for each share of Company Common Stock,
without interest.

          If in fact the undersigned were an affiliate under the Securities
Act, the undersigned's ability to sell, assign or transfer the shares of
Parent Common Stock received by the undersigned in exchange for any shares of
Company Common Stock in connection with the Merger may be restricted unless
such transaction is registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from
such registration is available. The undersigned understands that such
exemptions are limited and the undersigned has obtained or will obtain advice
of counsel as to the nature and conditions of such exemptions, including
information with respect to the applicability to the sale of such securities
of Rules 144 and 145(d) promulgated under the Securities Act. The undersigned
understands that Parent will not be required to maintain the effectiveness of
any registration statement under the Securities Act for the purposes of resale
of Parent Common Stock by the undersigned.

          The undersigned hereby represents to and covenants with Parent that
the undersigned will not sell, assign or transfer any of the shares of Parent
Common Stock received by the undersigned in exchange for shares of Company
Common Stock in connection with the Merger except (i) pursuant to an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act, (ii) in conformity with the
volume and other limitations of Rule 145 or (iii) in a transaction which, in
the opinion of counsel to the undersigned, such counsel to be reasonably
satisfactory to Parent and such opinion to be in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to Parent, or as described in a "no-action" or interpretive
letter from the Staff of the SEC specifically issued with respect to a
transaction to be engaged in by the undersigned, is not required to be
registered under the Securities Act.

          In the event of a sale or other disposition by the undersigned of
the shares of Parent Common Stock pursuant to Rule 145, the undersigned will
supply Parent with evidence of compliance with such Rule, in the form of a
letter in the form of Annex I


<PAGE>

                                                                             2


hereto or the opinion of counsel or no-action letter referred to above. The
undersigned understands that Parent may instruct its transfer agent to
withhold the transfer of any shares of Parent Common Stock disposed of by the
undersigned, but that (provided such transfer is not prohibited by any other
provision of this letter agreement) upon receipt of such evidence of
compliance, Parent shall cause the transfer agent to effectuate the transfer
of the shares of Parent Common Stock sold as indicated in such letter.

          Parent covenants that it will take all such actions as may be
reasonably available to it to permit the sale or other disposition of the
shares of Parent Common Stock by the undersigned under Rule 145 in accordance
with the terms thereof.

          The undersigned acknowledges and agrees that the legend set forth
below will be placed on certificates representing the shares of Parent Common
Stock received by the undersigned in connection with the Merger or held by a
transferee thereof, which legend will be removed by delivery of substitute
certificates (i) if the undersigned provides evidence of compliance with Rule
145 to Parent, in the form of a letter in the form of Annex I hereto, or (ii)
upon receipt of an opinion in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
Parent from counsel reasonably satisfactory to Parent to the effect that such
legend is no longer required for purposes of the Securities Act.

          There will be placed on the certificates for Parent Common Stock
issued to the undersigned in connection with the Merger, or any substitutions
therefor, a legend stating in substance:

          "The shares represented by this certificate were issued pursuant to
     a transaction to which Rule 145 promulgated under the Securities Act of
     1933 applies. The shares have not been acquired by the holder with a view
     to, or for resale in connection with, any distribution thereof within the
     meaning of the Securities Act of 1933. The shares may not be sold,
     pledged or otherwise transferred except in accordance with Rule 145,
     pursuant to a Registration Statement under the Securities Act of 1933 or
     in accordance with an exemption from the registration requirements of the
     Securities Act of 1933."

          The undersigned acknowledges that (i) the undersigned has carefully
read this letter and understands the requirements hereof and the limitations
imposed upon the distribution, sale, transfer or other disposition of Parent
Common Stock and (ii) the receipt by Parent of this letter is an inducement to
Parent's obligations to consummate the Merger.


<PAGE>

                                                                             3


          Execution of this letter should not be considered an admission on
the part of the undersigned that the undersigned is an "affiliate" of the
Company as described in the first paragraph of this letter, or as a waiver of
any rights the undersigned may have to object to any claim that the
undersigned is such an affiliate on or after the date of this letter.

                                      Very truly yours,



Dated:



<PAGE>


                                                                       ANNEX I
                                                                  TO EXHIBIT B


[Name]
                                                                        [Date]


          On , the undersigned sold the securities of Johnson & Johnson
("Parent") described below in the space provided for that purpose (the
"Securities"). The Securities were received by the undersigned in connection
with the merger of Shelby Merger Sub, Inc., an Indiana corporation, with and
into Guidant Corporation, an Indiana corporation.

          Based upon the most recent report or statement filed by Parent with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Securities sold by the undersigned
were within the prescribed limitations set forth in paragraph (e) of Rule 144
promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities
Act").

          The undersigned hereby represents that the Securities were sold in
"brokers' transactions" within the meaning of Section 4(4) of the Securities
Act or in transactions directly with a "market maker" as that term is defined
in Section 3(a)(38) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The
undersigned further represents that the undersigned has not solicited or
arranged for the solicitation of orders to buy the Securities, and that the
undersigned has not made any payment in connection with the offer or sale of
the Securities to any person other than to the broker who executed the order
in respect of such sale.


                                         Very truly yours,





Dated:

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
