 EX-2.1     EXHIBIT 2.1   EXECUTION
COPY  ================================================================================  
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   by and among   GREAT AMERICAN FINANCIAL
RESOURCES, INC.,   PROJECT GARDEN ACQUISITION INC.   and   CERES GROUP,
INC.   Dated as of May 1,
2006  ================================================================================    
TABLE OF CONTENTS     PAGE  ----  ~~   ARTICLE I  THE
MERGER  Section 1.1 The
Merger.................................................. 1 Section 1.2
Closing..................................................... 1 Section 1.3
Effective Time.............................................. 2   ARTICLE
II  EFFECTS OF THE MERGER  Section 2.1 Effects of the
Merger....................................... 2 Section 2.2 Certificate of
Incorporation................................ 2 Section 2.3
Bylaws...................................................... 2 Section 2.4
Officers.................................................... 2 Section 2.5
Directors................................................... 2 Section 2.6
Cancellation of Treasury Stock and Parent Owned Stock....... 2 Section 2.7
Conversion of Company Common Stock.......................... 3 Section 2.8
Conversion of the Capital Stock of Acquisition Sub.......... 3 Section 2.9
Option and Warrant Consideration............................ 3 Section 2.10
Exchange of Certificates.................................... 3   ARTICLE
III  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY  Section 3.1
Organization................................................ 6 Section 3.2
Authorization............................................... 7 Section 3.3
Consents and Approvals; No Violations....................... 7 Section 3.4
Capitalization.............................................. 8 Section 3.5
Subsidiaries................................................ 10 Section 3.6
SEC Documents............................................... 10 Section 3.7
Financial Statements; No Undisclosed Liabilities............ 10 Section 3.8
Proxy Statement............................................. 11 Section 3.9
Absence of Material Adverse Changes, etc.................... 11 Section 3.10
Taxes....................................................... 12 Section 3.11
Employee Benefit Plans...................................... 12 Section 3.12
Environmental Matters....................................... 14 Section 3.13
Litigation; Compliance with Laws............................ 14 Section 3.14
Intellectual Property....................................... 14 Section 3.15
Material Contracts.......................................... 15 Section 3.16
Insurance................................................... 15 Section 3.17
Real Estate; Assets......................................... 15 Section 3.18
Labor and Employment........................................ 16 Section 3.19
Opinion of Financial Advisors............................... 16 Section 3.20
Finders\' and Other Fees..................................... 16 Section 3.21
State Takeover Statutes..................................... 17 Section 3.22
Reserves.................................................... 17 Section 3.23
Reinsurance and Retrocessions............................... 17 Section 3.24
Investment Company.......................................... 17       ~~
  ARTICLE IV  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND ACQUISITION
SUB  Section 4.1
Organization................................................ 17 Section 4.2
Authorization............................................... 18 Section 4.3
Consents and Approvals; No Violations....................... 18 Section 4.4
Proxy Statement............................................. 18 Section 4.5
Acquisition Sub\'s Operations................................ 19 Section 4.6
Ownership of Company Common Stock........................... 19 Section 4.7
Financing................................................... 19 Section 4.8
Brokers..................................................... 19 Section 4.9
Litigation.................................................. 19   ARTICLE
V  COVENANTS OF THE PARTIES  Section 5.1 Conduct of the Business of the
Company...................... 19 Section 5.2 Stockholders\' Meeting; Proxy
Material....................... 22 Section 5.3 Access to
Information....................................... 23 Section 5.4 No
Solicitation............................................. 23 Section 5.5 Real
Estate Transfer Taxes.................................. 24 Section 5.6
Director and Officer Liability.............................. 24 Section 5.7
Certain Filings............................................. 25 Section 5.8
Commercially Reasonable Best Efforts........................ 27 Section 5.9
Public Announcements........................................ 27 Section 5.10
State Takeover Laws......................................... 27 Section 5.11
Certain Notifications....................................... 27 Section 5.12
Third Party Consents........................................ 28 Section 5.13
Advisory Fees, etc.......................................... 28 Section 5.14
Employees and Employee Benefit Plans........................ 28 Section 5.15
Delisting................................................... 28 Section 5.16
Cooperation Relating to Pre-Closing Transaction............. 29   ARTICLE
VI  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT  Section 6.1 Conditions to Each Party\'s
Obligations to Effect the 
Merger...................................................... 29 Section 6.2
Conditions to the Company\'s Obligation to Effect the 
Merger...................................................... 29 Section 6.3
Conditions to Parent\'s and Acquisition Sub\'s Obligations  to Effect the
Merger........................................ 30   ARTICLE VII 
TERMINATION  Section 7.1
Termination................................................. 31 Section 7.2
Effect of Termination....................................... 32 Section 7.3
Fees and Expenses........................................... 32    
ii      ~~   ARTICLE VIII  MISCELLANEOUS  Section 8.1
Definitions................................................. 33 Section 8.2
Notices..................................................... 40 Section 8.3
Survival of Representations, Warranties and Covenants....... 41 Section 8.4
Interpretation.............................................. 41 Section 8.5
Amendments, Modification and Waiver......................... 41 Section 8.6
Successors and Assigns...................................... 42 Section 8.7
Specific Performance........................................ 42 Section 8.8
Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Trial  by
Jury..................................................... 42 Section 8.9
Severability................................................ 43 Section 8.10
Third Party Beneficiaries................................... 43 Section 8.11
Entire Agreement............................................ 43 Section 8.12
Counterparts; Fax Signatures; Effectiveness.................
43   SCHEDULES  Section 2.9 Option and Warrant Consideration Section 3.3
Consents and Approvals; No Violations Section 3.4 Capitalization Section 3.5
Subsidiaries Section 3.7 Financial Statements; No Undisclosed
Liabilities Section 3.10 Taxes Section 3.11 Employee Benefit Plans Section
3.15 Material Contracts Section 3.17 Real Estate; Assets Section 3.18 Labor
and Employment Section 3.20 Finders\' and Other Fees Section 3.23
Reinsurance and Retrocessions Section 5.1 Conduct of the Business of the
Company Section 5.6 Director and Officer Liability Section 5.14 Employees
and Employee Benefit Plans    iii    AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER  
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of May 1, 2006 (this "Agreement"), by
and among Great American Financial Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Parent"), Project Garden Acquisition Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("Acquisition Sub"), and Ceres Group, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the "Company") (Acquisition Sub and the Company being
hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Constituent Corporations").  
WITNESSETH:   WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Company
Board"), based upon the recommendation of a special committee thereof
consisting solely of disinterested directors (the "Special Committee"), has
approved and adopted this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby,
has determined that the merger of Acquisition Sub with and into the Company
(the "Merger"), with the Company being the surviving corporation (the
"Surviving Corporation"), whereby each issued and outstanding share of Common
Stock, par value $.001 per share, of the Company (the "Company Common
Stock"), not owned directly or indirectly by Parent, Acquisition Sub or the
Company, will, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein,
be converted into the right to receive cash in an amount equal to $6.13 per
share, is fair to, and in the best interests of, the holders of such shares
of Company Common Stock and has recommended that the Company\'s stockholders
adopt this Agreement and approve the Merger; and   WHEREAS, the respective
Boards of Directors of Parent and Acquisition Sub have each approved and
adopted this Agreement and the Merger, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth herein; and   WHEREAS, Parent, concurrently with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement, is approving this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby, including the Merger, as the sole
stockholder of Acquisition Sub, upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth herein.   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and
the respective representations, warranties, covenants, agreements and
conditions set forth herein, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the
parties hereto agree as follows:   ARTICLE I  THE MERGER   Section 1.1
The Merger. Upon the terms and subject to the satisfaction or waiver (subject
to Applicable Law) of the conditions set forth in this Agreement, and in
accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL"),
Acquisition Sub shall be merged with and into the Company at the Effective
Time and the separate corporate existence of Acquisition Sub shall thereupon
cease. Following the Effective Time, the Company, as the
Surviving Corporation, shall succeed to and assume all of the rights and
obligations of Acquisition Sub in accordance with the DGCL.   Section 1.2
Closing. The closing of the Merger (the "Closing") shall take place at 10:00
a.m., local time, on the second Business Day after satisfaction or waiver
(subject to Applicable Law) of the conditions set forth in Article VI (other
than those conditions that by    their nature are to be satisfied at the
Closing, but subject to the fulfillment or waiver (subject to Applicable Law)
of those conditions), at the headquarters of the Company in Cleveland, Ohio,
unless another time, date or place is agreed to by the parties hereto (the
"Closing Date").   Section 1.3 Effective Time. The Merger shall become
effective at the close of business on the date when a certificate of merger
relating to the Merger (the "Certificate of Merger"), in such form and as
required by and executed in accordance with the relevant provisions of the
DGCL, is duly filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, or
at such other date and time as the Constituent Corporations shall agree
should be specified in the Certificate of Merger. When used in this
Agreement, the term "Effective Time" means the later of the close of business
on the date on which the Certificate of Merger is duly filed with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware or such later date and time
established by the Certificate of Merger. The filing of the Certificate of
Merger shall be made as soon as practicable after the satisfaction or waiver
(subject to Applicable Law) of the conditions to the Merger set forth in
Article VI.   ARTICLE II  EFFECTS OF THE MERGER   Section 2.1 Effects of
the Merger. The Merger shall have the effects set forth in Section 259 of the
DGCL. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, at the Effective
Time, all the property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of the
Company and Acquisition Sub shall vest in the Surviving Corporation, and all
debts, liabilities and duties of the Company and Acquisition Sub shall become
the debts, liabilities and duties of the Surviving Corporation.   Section
2.2 Certificate of Incorporation. The Certificate of Incorporation of
Acquisition Sub (the "Acquisition Sub Certificate of Incorporation"), as in
effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the Certificate of
Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation, until thereafter changed or
amended as provided therein or by Applicable Law.   Section 2.3 Bylaws. The
Bylaws of Acquisition Sub (the "Acquisition Sub Bylaws"), as in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the Bylaws of the Surviving
Corporation, until thereafter changed or amended as provided therein, by
Applicable Law or the Certificate of Incorporation.   Section 2.4 Officers.
From and after the Effective Time, the officers of the Company immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall be the officers of the Surviving
Corporation, until the earlier of their resignation or removal or until their
respective successors are duly elected, as the case may be.   Section 2.5
Directors. From and after the Effective Time, the directors of Acquisition
Sub shall be the directors of the Surviving Corporation until the earlier of
their resignation or removal or until their respective successors are duly
elected and qualified, as the case may be.   Section 2.6 Cancellation of
Treasury Stock and Parent Owned Stock. At the Effective Time, by virtue of
the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, (i) each
share of Company Common Stock that is held by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries shall automatically be canceled and retired and shall cease to
exist, and no consideration shall be paid or delivered in exchange therefor,
and (ii) each issued and outstanding share of Company    2    Common
Stock that is owned by Parent or Acquisition Sub shall no longer
be outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and retired and shall
cease to exist, and no consideration shall be paid or delivered in exchange
therefor.   Section 2.7 Conversion of Company Common Stock. At the Effective
Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of any
holder thereof, each share of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares to be canceled in
accordance with Section 2.6 and Dissenting Shares) shall be converted into
the right to receive $6.13 in cash (the "Merger Consideration"). As of the
Effective Time, all such shares of Company Common Stock shall no longer
remain outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and retired and shall
cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate that immediately prior to
the Effective Time represented such shares of Company Common Stock (a
"Certificate") shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except
the right to receive the Merger Consideration to be paid in consideration
therefor upon surrender of such Certificate in accordance with Section 2.10,
without interest or dividends.   Section 2.8 Conversion of the Capital Stock
of Acquisition Sub. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and
without any action on the part of the holder thereof, each issued and
outstanding share of capital stock of Acquisition Sub shall be converted into
and become one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of common
stock, par value $.01 per share, of the Surviving Corporation.   Section
2.9 Option and Warrant Consideration. Each Company Stock Option which is
outstanding under the plan and agreement listed in Section 2.9(a) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule immediately prior to the Effective Time and the
warrant to purchase 25,000 shares of Company Common Stock (the "Company
Warrant"), whether or not exercisable, shall be canceled, effective as of the
Effective Time, in exchange for a single lump sum cash payment from
the Surviving Corporation (less any applicable income or employment Tax
withholding) equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Company
Common Stock subject to such Company Stock Option or Company Warrant
immediately prior to the Effective Time and (ii) the excess, if any, of the
Merger Consideration over the exercise price per share of such Company Stock
Option (the "Option Consideration") or Company Warrant (the "Warrant
Consideration"). The Company shall offer the holders of Company Stock Options
outstanding under the plans and agreements listed in Section 2.9(b) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule the opportunity to receive a cash payment in lieu
of exercise of such Company Stock Options and the receipt of Merger
Consideration.   Section 2.10 Exchange of Certificates. (a) Paying Agent.
Prior to the Effective Time, National City Bank, or such other bank or trust
company reasonably acceptable to the Company and Parent, shall be designated
by Parent to act as the Paying Agent (the "Paying Agent") for payment of the
Merger Consideration.   (b) Deposit with Paying Agent. At the Effective
Time, Parent shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, and the Surviving
Corporation shall, deposit or cause to be deposited with the Paying Agent,
separate and apart from its other funds, as a trust fund for the benefit of
the holders of issued and outstanding shares of Company Common Stock, other
than such shares held by Parent, Acquisition Sub, the Company or any
Subsidiary of the Company (each, a "Holder"), cash in the amount equal to the
aggregate Merger Consideration which Holders are entitled to receive pursuant
to this Article II, with irrevocable instructions and authority to such   
3    Paying Agent to pay to each respective Holder, as evidenced by a list
of such Holders certified by an officer of the Company or the Company\'s
transfer agent, for each share of Company Common Stock, the Merger
Consideration upon surrender of their respective Certificates as provided
herein. Except as provided in Sections 2.10(c), 2.10(d) and 2.10(e), any such
deposit of funds shall be irrevocable.   (c) Exchange Procedures. As soon
as practicable after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall
cause the Paying Agent to mail (and, if permitted by the Paying Agent, to
make available for collection by hand) to each holder of record of a
Certificate or Certificates, (i) a letter of transmittal (which shall specify
that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the
Certificates shall pass, only upon proper delivery of the Certificates to the
Paying Agent and which shall be in the form and have such other
customary provisions as Parent and the Surviving Corporation may specify) and
(ii) instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates in
exchange for the cash (pursuant to Section 2.7) to be received by the holder
thereof pursuant to this Agreement. Upon surrender of a Certificate for
cancellation to the Paying Agent, together with a letter of transmittal duly
completed and validly executed in accordance with the instructions thereto,
and such other documents as may be reasonably required pursuant to such
instructions, the holder of such Certificate shall be entitled to receive
promptly in exchange therefor the Merger Consideration for each share of
Company Common Stock formerly represented by such Certificate, to be mailed
(or made available for collection by hand if so elected by the surrendering
holder of a Certificate; provided, that payment by hand is permitted by the
Paying Agent) within three (3) Business Days of receipt thereof, and the
Certificate so surrendered shall be forthwith cancelled. The Paying Agent
shall accept such Certificates upon compliance with such reasonable terms and
conditions as the Paying Agent may impose to effect an orderly exchange
thereof in accordance with normal exchange practices. No interest shall be
paid or accrued for the benefit of the Holders on the Merger Consideration
payable upon the surrender of the Certificates. At the Effective Time, the
stock transfer books of the Company shall be closed, and thereafter there
shall be no further registration of transfers of shares of Company Common
Stock theretofore outstanding on the records of the Company. If Certificates
are presented to the Company for transfer following the Effective Time, they
shall be canceled against delivery of the Merger Consideration. All cash paid
upon conversion of shares of Company Common Stock in accordance with the
terms of this Article II shall be deemed to have been paid in
full satisfaction of all rights of the respective Holders pertaining to such
shares of Company Common Stock.   (d) Termination of Merger Fund. Any
portion of the Merger Consideration deposited with the Paying Agent pursuant
to this Section 2.10 and any interest received with respect thereto (the
"Merger Fund") that remains undistributed to the holders of the Certificates
for nine (9) months after the Effective Time shall be delivered to the
Surviving Corporation, upon, and in accordance with, any demand by the
Surviving Corporation therefor, and any holders of Certificates who have not
theretofore complied with this Section 2.10 shall thereafter look, as general
creditors thereof, only to the Surviving Corporation for payment of their
claim, if any, for the cash to which such holders may be entitled at such
time, subject to applicable escheat and abandoned property and similar
laws.   (e) No Liability. None of Parent, Acquisition Sub, the
Surviving Corporation, any of their respective Affiliates or the Paying Agent
shall be liable to any Person in respect of any cash held in the Merger Fund
delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable escheat, abandoned
property or similar law. If any Certificate shall not have been
surrendered    4    prior to two years after the Effective Time (or
immediately prior to such earlier date on which any cash in respect of such
Certificate would otherwise escheat to or become the property of any
Governmental Entity), any such cash in respect of such Certificate shall, to
the extent permitted by Applicable Law, become the property of the Surviving
Corporation, free and clear of all claims or interest of any Person
previously entitled thereto.   (f) Investment of Merger Fund. The Paying
Agent shall invest the cash included in the Merger Fund as directed by the
Surviving Corporation; provided, that such investments shall be in
obligations of or guaranteed by the United States of America, in commercial
paper obligations rated A-1 or P-1 or better by Moody\'s Investors Service,
Inc. or Standard and Poor\'s Corporation, respectively, or in certificates of
deposit, bank repurchase agreements or banker\'s acceptances of commercial
banks with capital exceeding $1,000,000,000. Any interest or other income
resulting from such investments shall be paid to the Surviving Corporation;
provided, that any such investment or any such payment of interest or other
income may not delay the receipt by Holders of any Merger Consideration.  
(g) Transfer Taxes. If any cash is to be remitted to a Person (other than the
Person in whose name the Certificate surrendered in exchange therefor is
registered), it shall be a condition of such exchange that the Certificate
so surrendered shall be properly endorsed and otherwise in proper form for
transfer and that the Person requesting such exchange shall pay to the Paying
Agent any transfer or other Taxes required by reason of the payment of the
Merger Consideration to a Person other than the registered holder of the
Certificate so surrendered, or shall establish to the satisfaction of the
Paying Agent that such Tax either has been paid or is not applicable.   (h)
Withholding Rights. The Surviving Corporation shall be entitled to deduct and
withhold from the consideration otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement
to any Holder of a Certificate such amounts as are required to be deducted
and withheld with respect to the making of such payment under the Code or any
provisions of applicable state, local or foreign Tax law. To the extent that
amounts are so deducted and withheld and paid over to the appropriate Taxing
authority by the Surviving Corporation, such deducted and withheld amounts
shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to
the Holder of the Certificate in respect of which such deduction
and withholding was made by the Surviving Corporation.   (i) Lost
Certificates. If any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed,
upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the Person claiming such
Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by the Surviving
Corporation, the posting by such Person of a bond, in such reasonable amount
as the Surviving Corporation may direct, as indemnity against any claim that
may be made against it with respect to such Certificate, the Paying Agent
will issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate the
Merger Consideration to which the Holder thereof is entitled pursuant to this
Agreement.   (j) Dissenting Shares. Notwithstanding any provision of this
Agreement to the contrary and to the extent available under the DGCL, any
shares of Company Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time that are held by a holder of Company Common Stock (a "Dissenting
Stockholder") who has neither voted in favor of the adoption of this
Agreement nor consented thereto in writing and who has demanded properly in
writing appraisal for such shares and otherwise properly perfected and not
withdrawn or lost such    5    holder\'s rights (the "Dissenting
Shares") in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL shall not be converted
into, or represent the right to receive, the Merger Consideration. Such
Dissenting Stockholders will be entitled to receive payment of the appraised
value of Dissenting Shares held by them in accordance with the provisions of
such Section 262, except that all Dissenting Shares held by stockholders who
have failed to perfect or who effectively have withdrawn or lost their rights
to appraisal of such Dissenting Shares under such Section 262 will thereupon
be deemed to have been converted into, and represent the right to receive,
the Merger Consideration in the manner provided in this Article
II. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 2.10,
if the Merger is rescinded or abandoned, then the right of any stockholder to
be paid the fair value of such stockholder\'s Dissenting Shares pursuant to
Section 262 of the DGCL will cease. The Company will give Parent prompt
notice of any written demands for appraisal, attempted withdrawals of such
demands, and any other instruments served pursuant to applicable Law received
by the Company relating to stockholders\' rights of appraisal. The Company
will not, except with the prior written consent of Parent, make any payment
with respect to any demands for appraisal of Dissenting Shares, offer to
settle or settle any such demands or approve any withdrawal or other
treatment of any such demands.   (k) Adjustments to Prevent Dilution or
Unjust Enrichment. If prior to the Effective Time, solely as a result of a
reclassification, stock split (including a reverse stock split), stock
dividend or stock distribution which in any such event is made on a pro rata
basis to all holders of Company Common Stock, there is a change in the number
of shares of Company Common Stock outstanding or issuable upon the
conversion, exchange or exercise of securities or rights convertible or
exchangeable or exercisable for shares of Company Common Stock, then the
Merger Consideration shall be equitably adjusted to eliminate the effects of
such event.   ARTICLE III  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE
COMPANY   Except (i) as set forth in the corresponding section of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, it being understood that matters disclosed
pursuant to one section of the Company Disclosure Schedule shall be deemed
disclosed with respect to any other section of the Company Disclosure
Schedule where it is readily apparent that the matters so disclosed are
applicable to such other sections, (ii) as disclosed in reasonable detail in
the Company SEC Documents filed prior to the date of this Agreement or (iii)
as expressly contemplated or permitted under this Agreement or any agreement
contemplated hereby or thereby, the Company hereby represents and warrants to
Parent and to Acquisition Sub as follows:   Section 3.1 Organization. The
Company and each of its Subsidiaries are duly organized, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of their respective
organization and have the requisite power and authority to carry on their
respective businesses as now being conducted, except where the failure to be
so organized, existing and in good standing or to have such power and
authority could not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are duly qualified or
licensed to do business and are in good standing in each jurisdiction in
which the nature of their respective businesses or the ownership or leasing
of their respective properties makes such qualification or
licensing necessary, other than where the failure to be so duly qualified,
licensed and in good standing could not reasonably be expected to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect. The Company has heretofore made available to
Parent and Acquisition Sub true and complete copies of the Company\'s
Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, in effect as of the   
6    date of this Agreement (the "Company Certificate of Incorporation")
and the Company\'s Amended and Restated Bylaws in effect as of the date of
this Agreement (the "Company Bylaws") and the charter and bylaws (or similar
organizational documents) of each of its Subsidiaries.   Section 3.2
Authorization. (a) The Company has the requisite corporate power and
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and (subject to receipt of
the Company Stockholder Approval) to perform its obligations hereunder. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of its
obligations hereunder have been duly and validly authorized, and
this Agreement has been approved by the Special Committee and the Company
Board, and no other corporate proceedings on the part of the Company are
necessary to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement (subject to receipt of the Company Stockholder Approval). This
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company, and
constitutes, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery of this
Agreement by Parent and Acquisition Sub, a valid and binding obligation of
the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms,
subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or
other laws relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors
generally and to general principles of equity (regardless of whether
considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).   (b) The Special
Committee, at a meeting duly called and held, has by vote of all its members
approved and declared this Agreement and the Merger advisable and has
determined that the Merger is fair to the Company\'s stockholders. The
Company Board, at a meeting duly called and held, based upon the
recommendation of the Special Committee and subject to the terms
and conditions set forth herein, (i) has approved and declared this Agreement
and the Merger advisable and has determined that the Merger is fair to the
Company\'s stockholders and (ii) has recommended approval by the stockholders
of the Company of this Agreement and the Merger, subject to the right of the
Company Board to withdraw or modify its recommendation of this Agreement and
the Merger.   (c) Under Applicable Law and the Company Certificate of
Incorporation, the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes represented by
the shares of Company Common Stock outstanding on the record date,
established by the Company Board in accordance with the Company Bylaws,
Applicable Law and this Agreement, at the Special Meeting (the "Company
Stockholder Approval") is the only vote of the Company\'s stockholders
required to approve this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby,
including the Merger.   Section 3.3 Consents and Approvals; No Violations.
Except for filings, permits, authorizations, consents and approvals as may be
required under, and other applicable requirements of, the Exchange Act, the
Securities Act, the HSR Act, the DGCL, state insurance laws, state blue sky,
securities or takeover laws and Nasdaq National Market requirements, neither
the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement by the Company nor
the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby will
(i) conflict with or result in any breach of any provision of the Company
Certificate of Incorporation or the Company Bylaws or of the similar
organizational documents of any Subsidiary thereof, (ii) result in a
violation or breach of, constitute (with or without due notice or lapse of
time or both) a default under, require the consent from or the giving of
notice to a Third Party pursuant to, or give rise to any right of
termination, cancellation or acceleration or obligation to repurchase,
repay, redeem or acquire or any similar right or obligation under, any of the
terms, conditions or    7    provisions of any Contract to which the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them or any
of their assets is bound, (iii) require any filing or registration with, or
permit, authorization, consent or approval of, any Governmental Entity on the
part of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (iv) violate any order,
injunction, decree, statute, rule or regulation of any Governmental Entity to
which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is subject, excluding from the
foregoing clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv) such conflicts, requirements,
obligations, defaults, failures, breaches, rights or violations that could
not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.  
Section 3.4 Capitalization. (a) As of the date hereof, the authorized capital
stock of the Company consists of (i) 50,000,000 shares of Company
Common Stock, (ii) 1,900,000 shares of non-voting preferred stock, par value
$0.001 per share (the "Company Non-Voting Preferred Stock") and (iii) 100,000
shares of convertible voting preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share (the
"Company Voting Preferred Stock").   (b) (i) At the close of business on
April 26, 2006, 33,295,044 shares of Company Common Stock were issued and
outstanding, all of which were validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and free of preemptive rights;   (ii) At the close of business on April 26,
2006, no shares of  Company Non-Voting Preferred Stock were issued and
outstanding;   (iii) At the close of business on April 26, 2006, no shares
of  Company Voting Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding;   (iv) At
the close of business on April 26, 2006, 1,703,703 shares  of Company Common
Stock were held in the treasury of the Company or by  its Subsidiaries;  
(v) At the close of business on April 26, 2006, 3,000,000 shares  of Company
Common Stock were reserved for issuance upon the exercise  of outstanding
stock options issued under the Company\'s 1998 Key  Employee Share Incentive
Plan (the "Company 1998 Share Incentive  Plan") of which 1,170,103 shares
were subject to outstanding stock  options;   (vi) At the close of business
on April 26, 2006, no shares of  Company Common Stock were reserved for
issuance upon the exercise of  outstanding stock options issued under the
Company\'s 1998 Employee  Stock Option Plan (the "Company 1998 Employee Stock
Option Plan") and  285,000 shares were subject to outstanding stock
options;   (vii) At the close of business on April 26, 2006, no shares of 
Company Common Stock were reserved for issuance upon the exercise of 
outstanding stock options issued under the Company\'s 1999 Special  Agents\'
Stock Option Plan (the "Company 1999 Special Agents\' Stock  Option Plan")
and 78,706 shares were subject to outstanding stock  options;   (viii) At
the close of business on April 26, 2006, 426,535 shares  of Company Common
Stock were reserved for future issuance under the  Employee Stock Purchase
Plan and the Agent Stock Purchase Plan;    8     (ix) At the close of
business on April 26, 2006, 321,214 shares  of Company Common Stock were
reserved for future issuance under the  Company\'s 401(k) Savings Plan;  
(x) At the close of business on April 26, 2006, 315,000 shares of  Company
Common Stock were subject to outstanding stock options under  the agreements
with individuals described in Section 3.4(c) below;   (xi) At the close of
business on April 26, 2006, restricted stock  awards relating to 55,000
shares of Company Common Stock (the "Company  Restricted Stock Awards") had
been issued under the 1998 Key Employee  Share Incentive Plan; and   (xii)
At the close of business on April 26, 2006, a Company  Warrant relating to
25,000 shares of Company Common Stock was issued  and outstanding.   (c)
The Company has delivered to Parent a correct and complete list as of the
date set forth in Section 3.4(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule of each
outstanding option (collectively, the "Company Stock Options") to
purchase shares of Company Common Stock issued under the Company 1998 Share
Incentive Plan, the Company 1998 Employee Stock Option Plan and the Company
1999 Special Agents\' Stock Option Plan (collectively, the "Company Stock
Option Plans") and to purchase shares of Company Common Stock issued under
the Stock Option Agreement for Andrew A. Boemi dated October 11, 2000, the
Retainer Agreement for Billy Hill dated June 30, 1998 (as amended September
21, 1999 and April 10, 2001), the Employment Agreement for Val Rajic dated
June 30, 1998 (as amended by the Settlement and Consulting Agreement dated
August 10, 1999, as amended December 31, 2000) and the Employment Agreement
for Charles Miller dated October 1, 1998 (as amended April 10, 2001 and as
amended by the Separation Agreement and Release dated February 4, 2003), and
each outstanding share of Company Common Stock subject to the Company
Restricted Stock Awards that is still subject to forfeiture conditions
granted under the Company 1998 Share Incentive Plan, including the holder,
date of grant, exercise price (if applicable), number of shares of Company
Common Stock subject thereto, the Company Stock Plan under which such Company
Stock Option or Company Restricted Stock Award, as the case may be, was
granted and, with respect to any Company Stock Option, whether the option is
vested and exercisable.   (d) Except for Company Stock Options, Company
Restricted Stock Awards and the Company Warrant, and except as may be
permitted to be issued, delivered or sold after the date hereof in accordance
with Section 5.1, there are no options, warrants, calls, rights or agreements
to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of
them is bound obligating the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to issue,
deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, additional shares
of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or obligating the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries to grant, extend or enter into any such
option, warrant, call, right or agreement, and there are no outstanding
contractual rights, including (without limitation) "phantom" equity contract
or plan rights, to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or
by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound the value of which
is or are based on the value of the capital stock or other equity securities
of the Company or of any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding contractual
obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary to repurchase, redeem or
otherwise acquire any shares of Company Common Stock or any capital stock of
or any equity interests in any Subsidiary.    9    (e) The Company does
not have any outstanding bonds, debentures, notes or other obligations the
holders of which have the right to vote (or which are convertible into or
exercisable for securities having the right to vote) with the stockholders of
the Company on any matter.   Section 3.5 Subsidiaries. Section 3.5 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of all of the Subsidiaries of
the Company and their respective jurisdictions of incorporation. Except for
an interest in QQLink.com, Inc. of not more than 1% percent which is owned by
certain Company agents, all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital
stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary of the Company are owned
by the Company, by one or more Subsidiaries of the Company or by the Company
and one or more Subsidiaries of the Company, free and clear of all Liens, and
are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and there are no outstanding
subscriptions, options, calls, contracts, voting trusts, proxies or other
commitments, understandings, restrictions, arrangements, rights or warrants
with respect to any such Subsidiary\'s capital stock or equity interests,
including any right obligating any such Subsidiary to issue, deliver or sell
additional shares of its capital stock or other equity interests. Except for
the capital stock and equity interests of its Subsidiaries, the Company does
not own, directly or indirectly: (i) any capital stock or other ownership
interest in any corporation, limited liability company or other limited
liability entity which is material to the business of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; or (ii) any ownership interest in any
partnership, joint venture or other entity for or with respect to which the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries has or would have unlimited liability.  
Section 3.6 SEC Documents. The Company has filed all reports,
proxy statements, registration statements, forms and other documents required
to be filed by it with the SEC since December 31, 2003 (collectively,
including any exhibits and schedules thereto and all documents incorporated
by reference therein, the "Company SEC Documents"). No Subsidiary of the
Company is required to file any report, proxy statement, registration
statement, form or other document with the SEC. None of the Company SEC
Documents (other than the financial statements and notes and schedules
thereto contained therein, as to which representations and warranties are
made in Section 3.7), as of their respective filing and effective dates (or,
if amended prior to the date of this Agreement, as of the respective filing
and effective dates of such amendment), contained any untrue statement of a
material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. All of such Company
SEC Documents (as amended prior to the date of this Agreement, if amended
prior to the date of this Agreement) complied in form and substance, in all
material respects, with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act and
the Exchange Act, each as in effect on the date so filed.   Section 3.7
Financial Statements; No Undisclosed Liabilities. (a) The consolidated
financial statements of the Company (including any notes and schedules
thereto) included in the Company SEC Documents (i) complied as of their
respective dates as to form in all material respects with all
applicable accounting requirements and with the published rules and
regulations of the SEC with respect thereto as in effect on the date of
filing and effectiveness thereof, (ii) were prepared in accordance with GAAP
as in effect on the dates of such financial statements, applied on a
consistent basis (except as may be indicated therein or in the notes thereto
and, in the case of unaudited statements, as permitted by the rules and
regulations of the SEC) during the periods involved, (iii) are consistent, in
all material respects, with the books and records of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, and (iv) fairly present, in all material respects, the   
10    consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated
Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their
operations and cash flows for the periods therein indicated (subject, in the
case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end and audit adjustments which
were not expected to be material in amount).   (b) Except (i) as set forth,
reflected or reserved against in the consolidated balance sheet (including
the notes thereto) of the Company included in its annual report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005, (ii) as set forth, reflected or
reserved against in any consolidated balance sheet (including the notes
thereto) of the Company included in any other Company SEC Documents filed
with the SEC after the filing date of such annual report, (iii) for
liabilities and obligations incurred since December 31, 2005 in the usual,
regular and ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and not
otherwise prohibited pursuant to this Agreement or (iv) for liabilities
and obligations incurred in connection with the Merger or any other
transaction or agreement contemplated by this Agreement, neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liabilities or obligations of any nature
(whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise), except in each case for
such liabilities and obligations which could not reasonably be expected to
have a Company Material Adverse Effect.   (c) The annual statement for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2005 of each of Provident American Life and
Health Insurance Company, United Benefit Life Insurance Company and Central
Reserve Life Insurance Company filed with the Ohio Department of Insurance
and of Continental General Insurance Company filed with the Nebraska
Department of Insurance (collectively, the "Company State Regulatory
Filings"), copies of which have been made available to Parent prior to the
date hereof, fairly present in all material respects each such Subsidiary\'s
respective financial condition as of the dates thereof and their respective
results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended in conformity
with SAP, except as may be reflected in the notes thereto and subject to
normal year-end adjustments. The other information contained in such
annual statements presents in all material respects the information required
to be contained therein in conformity with SAP consistently applied.  
Section 3.8 Proxy Statement. None of the information contained in the Proxy
Statement (and any amendments thereof or supplements thereto) will at
the time of the mailing of the Proxy Statement to the Company\'s
stockholders, at the time of the Special Meeting, and at the time of any
amendments thereof or supplements thereto, contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading, except that no representation is made by the Company
with respect to statements made or omitted in the Proxy Statement relating to
Parent, Acquisition Sub or their respective Affiliates based on information
supplied by Parent, Acquisition Sub or their respective Affiliates for
inclusion in the Proxy Statement. The Proxy Statement will comply as to form
in all material respects with the provisions of the Exchange Act, except that
no representation is made by the Company with respect to the statements made
or omitted in the Proxy Statement relating to Parent, Acquisition Sub or
their respective Affiliates based on information supplied by Parent,
Acquisition Sub or their respective Affiliates for inclusion in the Proxy
Statement.   Section 3.9 Absence of Material Adverse Changes, etc. Other
than in connection with or arising out of this Agreement, and the
transactions and other agreements contemplated hereby, since December 31,
2005, the Company and its Subsidiaries have conducted their respective
businesses in all material respects only in the usual, regular and ordinary
course    11    consistent with past practice, and there has not been
(i) a Company Material Adverse Effect, (ii) any declaration, setting aside or
payment of any dividend or other distribution with respect to its capital
stock, (iii) any split, combination or reclassification of any of its capital
stock or any issuance or the authorization of any issuance of any other
securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of its
capital stock, (iv) any material change in accounting methods, principles or
practices by the Company, except for such changes required by changes in SEC
guidelines, GAAP or SAP, (v) any material damage, destruction or other
casualty loss with respect to any material asset or property owned, leased or
otherwise used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which is not covered
by insurance or (vi) any material amendment of any of the Plans of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries.   Section 3.10 Taxes. Except for such
matters as could not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect, (i) the Company and each of its Subsidiaries have filed all
Tax Returns required to be filed and have paid all Taxes shown to be due on
such Tax Returns, (ii) all Tax Returns filed by the Company and each of its
Subsidiaries are complete and accurate and disclose all Taxes required to be
paid by the Company and each of its Subsidiaries for the periods covered
thereby, (iii) none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has waived in
writing any statute of limitations in respect of Federal income Taxes which
waiver is currently in effect, (iv) the Tax Returns referred to in clause (i)
relating to Federal income Taxes, in the case of the Company and each of its
Subsidiaries (excluding Continental General Insurance Company)
through December 31, 2003 and, in the case of Continental General Insurance
Company through December 31, 2002, have been examined by the IRS or the
period for assessment of the Taxes in respect of which such Tax Returns were
required to be filed has expired, (v) there is no material action, suit,
investigation, audit, claim or assessment pending or proposed or, to the
Knowledge of the Company, threatened in writing with respect to Taxes of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (vi) all deficiencies asserted or
assessments made in writing as a result of any examination of the Tax Returns
referred to in clause (i) have been paid in full, (vii) there are no Liens
for Taxes upon the assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries except
Liens relating to current Taxes not yet due, (viii) all Taxes which the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries are required by Applicable Law to withhold
or to collect for payment have been duly withheld and collected, and have
been paid or accrued, reserved against and entered on the books of the
Company, (ix) no power of attorney has been granted by or with respect to the
Company or any of the Subsidiaries with respect to any matter relating to
Taxes other than for tax years which have been closed, (x) neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to, is bound by, or has
any obligation under, any Tax sharing agreement other than as disclosed in
Section 3.10 of the Company Disclosure Schedule and (xi) neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is treated as a partner in a partnership, joint
venture or any other entity treated as a partnership other than interests in
the Subsidiaries or interests in entities arising in the ordinary course of
investing activities of the Company or the Subsidiaries.   Section 3.11
Employee Benefit Plans. (a) The Company has heretofore delivered or made
available to Parent true and complete copies of (i) each "employee benefit
plan" as such term is defined in section 3(3) of ERISA, (ii) each material
employment, consulting, bonus, deferred compensation, incentive compensation,
stock purchase, stock option, stock appreciation or other equity-based,
severance or termination pay, retention, change of control, collective
bargaining, hospitalization or other medical, life or other employee benefit-
related insurance, supplemental unemployment benefits, profit-
sharing, pension, or retirement plan, program, agreement or arrangement
sponsored, maintained or contributed to or required to be contributed to by
the Company for the benefit of any employee or former employee of the   
12    Company or any Subsidiary of the Company (collectively, the
"Plans"), (iii) if any Plan is funded through a trust or any third party
funding vehicle (including insurance), copies of such trust or other vehicle
and (iv) with respect to each Plan (as applicable), the most recent actuarial
and trust reports, the most recent Form 5500 and all schedules thereto, the
most recent IRS determination letter and the current summary plan
descriptions.   (b) Section 3.11 of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains
a true and complete list of all Plans, including all Plans pursuant to which
any amounts may become vested or payable as a result of the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby (either alone or in combination with
other events). The consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will
not give rise to any payment or benefit (or acceleration of vesting of any
amounts or benefits) that will be an "excess parachute payment" as defined in
Section 280G of the Code.   (c) The Company has no legally binding plan or
commitment to create any additional Plan or modify or change any existing
Plan that would be reasonably expected to result in material liabilities to
the Company, except as may be required by Applicable Law or to avoid adverse
tax consequences under Section 409A of the Code.   (d) The Company has not
incurred and does not reasonably expect to incur (i) any material liability
under Title IV of ERISA, including any such liability arising out of
proceedings instituted by the PBGC, or (ii) any material liability under
Title I of ERISA. No Plan is a "multiemployer plan" (as such term is defined
in section 3(37) of ERISA).   (e) Each of the Plans has been operated and
administered in accordance with the terms of such Plan and all Applicable
Laws, including ERISA and the Code, except where such noncompliance could not
reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, and no
governmental audits, actions, suits or claims are pending (other than routine
claims for benefits) or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened which,
if adversely resolved, would reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect.   (f) Each of the Plans which is intended to be
"qualified" within the meaning of section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified,
and the trust (if any) forming a part thereof, has received a favorable
determination letter from the IRS as to its qualification under the Code and
to the effect that each such trust is exempt from taxation under section
501(a) of the Code, and the Company has no Knowledge of an occurrence of an
event since the date of such determination letter that would reasonably be
expected to adversely affect such qualification or tax-exempt status, except
in each case for any such failure to be qualified, failure to receive a
favorable determination letter or occurrence which could not reasonably be
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. No Plan is a "multiple
employer plan" for purposes of sections 4063 or 4064 of ERISA.   (g) None
of the Plans or any trust established thereunder has incurred any
"accumulated funding deficiency" (as defined in section 302 of ERISA
and section 412 of the Code), whether or not waived, as of the last day of
the most recent fiscal year of each of the Plans ended prior to the date of
this Agreement.   (h) No employee, director or consultant of the Company or
any Subsidiary of the Company is or will become entitled to death or
medical post-employment benefits by reason of service to the Company or
its Subsidiaries, other than coverage mandated by section 4980B of   
13    the Code or similar state law, where the payment of any such
benefits would reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect.   Section 3.12 Environmental Matters. Except for matters that could
not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect: (i)
the Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable
Environmental Laws, (ii) the operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries
have not resulted in any contamination of any property currently owned or
operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (including soils,
groundwater or surface water) with any Hazardous Substance which
contamination would require remediation pursuant to any Environmental Law,
(iii) to the Knowledge of the Company, no property currently or formerly
owned or operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries was contaminated
with any Hazardous Substance during or prior to such period of ownership or
operation which contamination would require remediation pursuant to any
Environmental Law, (iv) to the Knowledge of the Company, neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries has arranged for the treatment or disposal of any
Hazardous Substance on any Third Party property undergoing cleanup pursuant
to Environmental Laws, (v) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
has received any written notice, demand, letter, claim or request for
information alleging that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries may be in
violation of or subject to liability under any Environmental Law and (vi)
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any
written order, decree, injunction or indemnity with any Governmental Entity
or any Third Party relating to liability under any Environmental Law or
relating to Hazardous Substances. This Section 3.12 sets forth the sole
representations and warranties of the Company with respect to environmental
or workplace health or safety matters, including all matters arising under
Environmental Laws.   Section 3.13 Litigation; Compliance with Laws. (a) As
of the date of this Agreement, there is no action, suit, proceeding or
investigation pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against
the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company that could reasonably be
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.   (b) The businesses of
the Company and its Subsidiaries are not being conducted in violation of any
law, ordinance or regulation of any Governmental Entity, except for possible
violations that could not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is in possession of
all certificates of authority, franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses,
permits, easements, variances, exceptions, consents, approvals and orders of
any Governmental Entity necessary for the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
to own, lease and operate its properties or to carry on its business as it is
now being conducted (the "Company Permits"), except where the failure to have
any of the Company Permits could not reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect. As of the date of this Agreement, no suspension or
cancellation of any of the Company Permits is pending or threatened, except
where the suspension or cancellation of any of the Company Permits could not
reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.   Section
3.14 Intellectual Property. The Company and its Subsidiaries own or have a
valid right to use all patents, trademarks, trade names, service marks,
domain names, copyrights, and any applications and registrations therefor,
technology, trade secrets, know-how, computer software and tangible and
intangible proprietary information and materials (collectively, "Intellectual
Property Rights") as are necessary in connection with the business of the
Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except where the failure to
so own or have a    14    valid right to use such Intellectual Property
Rights could not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has infringed,
misappropriated or violated in any material respect any Intellectual Property
Rights of any Third Party, except where such infringement, misappropriation
or violation could not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect. No Third Party infringes, misappropriates or violates any
Intellectual Property Rights owned or exclusively licensed by or to the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except where such infringement,
misappropriation or violation could not reasonably be expected to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect.   Section 3.15 Material Contracts. Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or bound by any
Contract that (i) is a "material contract" (as such term is defined in Item
601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC) except for Contracts
that are filed as exhibits to Company SEC Documents, (ii) materially limits
or otherwise materially restricts the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from
engaging or competing in any material line of business in any geographic
area, except for such limitations or restrictions that are customary for such
Contracts, (iii) would be required to be disclosed under Item 404 of
Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC or (iv) may provide any person with a
claim to indemnification under Section 5.6 of this Agreement (except as set
forth in Section 5.6 of the Company Disclosure Schedule and in the Company
Certificate of Incorporation and Company Bylaws). Each Contract of the type
described in the first sentence of this Section 3.15 is referred to herein as
a "Company Material Contract." Each Company Material Contract is a valid and
binding obligation of the Company (or, if a Subsidiary of the Company is a
party, such Subsidiary) and is in full force and effect, and the Company and
each Subsidiary have performed all obligations required to be performed by
them to date under each Company Material Contract, except where such
noncompliance or nonperformance could not reasonably be expected to have
a Company Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries has received notice of, any violation of or default under (or
any condition which with the passage of time or the giving of notice would
cause such a violation of or default under) any Company Material Contract or
any other Contract to which it is a party or by which it or any of its
properties or assets is bound, except in each case for violations or defaults
that could not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect.   Section 3.16 Insurance. All material insurance policies carried by
or covering the Company and the Subsidiaries with respect to their business,
assets and properties are in full force and effect, and no written notice
of cancellation has been received by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
with respect to any such insurance policy which has not been cured by the
payment of premiums that are due, other than as could not reasonably be
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. The insurance coverage
provided by such insurance policies (including as to deductibles and self-
insured retentions) is reasonable and customary as compared to similarly
situated companies engaged in a similar business.   Section 3.17 Real
Estate; Assets. (a) The Company or one of its Subsidiaries has good, valid
and marketable title to each material parcel of real property owned in fee by
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (the "Company Fee Property") and a
good and valid leasehold interest in each material parcel of real property
leased by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (the "Company Leased
Property" and together with the Company Fee Property, the "Company Real
Property") pursuant to a lease set forth in Section 3.17 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule (the "Company Leases"), in each case where any such real
property is necessary to the conduct of the business of the Company and
its Subsidiaries as it is presently    15    conducted. Section 3.17
of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and complete list of all
Company Real Property which is necessary to the conduct of the business of
the Company and its Subsidiaries as it is presently conducted. (i) The
Company or one of its Subsidiaries has the right to use and occupancy of the
Company Leased Property for the full term of the Company Lease
relating thereto, except for any failure which could not reasonably be
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, (ii) each Company Lease
is a legal, valid and binding agreement, enforceable in accordance with its
terms, of the parties thereto and there is no, nor has the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries received notice of any, default (or any condition or event,
which, after notice or a lapse of time or both would constitute a default
thereunder) which would reasonably be expected to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect and (iii) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has
assigned its interest under any Company Lease or sublet any part of the
premises covered thereby or exercised any option or right thereunder except
as could not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect.   (b) The Company Fee Property is not subject to any Liens, except
for: (i) any such Liens for Taxes, assessments and other governmental charges
not yet due and payable, or, if due, not delinquent or being contested in
good faith by appropriate proceedings during which collection or enforcement
against the Company Real Property is stayed, (ii) Liens imposed or
promulgated by Applicable Law or any Governmental Entity with respect to real
property, including zoning, building, environmental or similar restrictions,
(iii) easements, licenses, covenants, conditions, minor title defects,
mechanic\'s liens, rights-of-way and other similar restrictions and
encumbrances, including any other agreements, restrictions or encumbrances
which would be shown on a current title report or survey or similar report or
listing and any other matters of record or (iv) where the existence of any
such Liens could not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect.   Section 3.18 Labor and Employment. The Company and its
Subsidiaries are in compliance with all Applicable Laws respecting employment
and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment (including
termination of employment), wages, hours of work, occupational safety and
health, and worker classification, and are not engaged in any unfair labor
practices, except for such violations which could not reasonably be expected
to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries has received written notice of the intent of any Governmental
Entity responsible for the enforcement of labor or employment laws to conduct
an investigation with respect to or relating to employees and no such
investigation is in progress which could reasonably be expected to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect.   Section 3.19 Opinion of Financial
Advisors. The Special Committee and the Company Board have received the
opinion of at least one of its financial advisors to the effect that, as of
the date of such opinion, the Merger Consideration is fair, from a financial
point of view, to the holders of the Company Common Stock.   Section 3.20
Finders\' and Other Fees. Except for UBS Securities LLC and Cochran Caronia
Waller LLC, whose fees are disclosed in Section 3.20 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule and will be paid by the Company, there is no investment
banker, broker, finder or other similar intermediary which has been retained
by, or is authorized to act on behalf of, the Special Committee, the Company
or any Subsidiary of the Company, or any employee or consultant of
the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, that would be entitled to any
fee, commission, sale bonus or similar payment from the Special Committee,
the Company, any    16    Subsidiary of the Company, Parent,
Acquisition Sub or any of Parent\'s or Acquisition Sub\'s Affiliates upon
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.   Section 3.21 State
Takeover Statutes. The Company Board has, to the extent such statutes are
applicable, taken all action (including appropriate approvals of the Company
Board) necessary to render the business combination provisions of Section 203
of the DGCL inapplicable to the Merger, this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby. To the Knowledge of the Company, no other state takeover
statute or similar charter or bylaw provisions are applicable to the Merger,
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.   Section 3.22
Reserves. The loss and loss adjustment expense reserves of the Company and
the Subsidiaries reflected on the Company\'s December 31, 2005 balance sheet
included in the financial statements that are in the Company SEC Documents
have been prepared in accordance with loss reserving standards and principles
accepted for use in the preparation of GAAP financial statements and the loss
and loss adjustment expense reserves of the Subsidiaries of the Company that
are insurance companies reflected on their respective December 31,
2005 balance sheets included in their annual statements filed with the
respective insurance departments of their domiciliary states have been
prepared in accordance with SAP, applied on a consistent basis, except where
such accounting practices have been amended, supplemented or otherwise
prescribed by the appropriate Governmental Authority.   Section 3.23
Reinsurance and Retrocessions. Section 3.23 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule sets forth a true and complete list of each reinsurance and
retrocession treaty or agreement in force as of the date of this Agreement to
which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a ceding party,
any terminated or expired treaty or agreement under which there remains
any outstanding liability from one reinsurer, in each case with respect to
reserves ceded to such reinsurer in excess of $1,000,000 and any treaty or
agreement with any Affiliate of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the
effective date of each such treaty or agreement, and the termination date of
any treaty or agreement which has a definite termination date. To the
Knowledge of the Company, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is
in default in any respect as to any provision of any reinsurance or
retrocession treaty or agreement or has failed to meet the underwriting
standards required for any business reinsurance thereunder except for
defaults which would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company
Material Adverse Effect.   Section 3.24 Investment Company. None of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries is an investment company required to be
registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.   ARTICLE
IV  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  OF PARENT AND ACQUISITION SUB   Each
of Parent and Acquisition Sub (each, an "Acquiror Entity") hereby jointly and
severally represents and warrants to the Company as follows:   Section 4.1
Organization. Each Acquiror Entity is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of
incorporation and has the requisite power and authority to carry on its
business as now being conducted, except where    17    the failure to
be so organized, existing and in good standing or to have such power and
authority could not reasonably be expected to have an Acquiror
Entity Material Adverse Effect. Each Acquiror Entity is duly qualified or
licensed to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which
the nature of its business or the ownership or leasing of its properties
makes such qualification or licensing necessary, other than where the failure
to be so duly qualified, licensed and in good standing could not reasonably
be expected to have an Acquiror Entity Material Adverse Effect.   Section
4.2 Authorization. Each Acquiror Entity has the requisite corporate power and
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its
obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
performance of its obligations hereunder have been duly and
validly authorized, and this Agreement has been approved and adopted by the
Board of Directors of each Acquiror Entity, and no other corporate
proceedings (such as approval by the stockholders of Parent) on the part of
either Acquiror Entity are necessary to authorize the execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement. Concurrently with the execution of this
Agreement, Parent, as the sole stockholder of Acquisition Sub, is approving
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the
Merger. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by each Acquiror
Entity and constitutes, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery of
this Agreement by the Company, a valid and binding obligation of each
Acquiror Entity, enforceable against each Acquiror Entity in accordance with
its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium or other laws relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of
creditors generally and to general principles of equity (regardless of
whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).   Section 4.3
Consents and Approvals; No Violations. Except for filings, permits,
authorizations, consents and approvals as may be required under, and other
applicable requirements of, the Exchange Act, the Securities Act, the
HSR Act, the DGCL, state blue sky, securities or takeover laws and stock
exchange requirements, neither the execution, delivery or performance of this
Agreement by each Acquiror Entity nor the consummation by each Acquiror
Entity of the transactions contemplated hereby will (i) conflict with or
result in a breach of any provision of the charter or bylaws of such Acquiror
Entity, (ii) result in a violation or breach of, or constitute (with or
without due notice or lapse of time or both) a default (or give rise to any
right of termination, vesting, amendment, cancellation or acceleration or
impose on either of the Acquiror Entities any obligation to repurchase,
repay, redeem or acquire or any similar right or obligation) under any of the
terms, conditions or provisions of any Contract to which any Acquiror Entity
is a party or by which it or its assets is bound, (iii) require any filing or
registration with, or permit, authorization, consent or approval of, any
Governmental Entity on the part of either Acquiror Entity or (iv) violate any
order, injunction, decree, statute, rule or regulation of any Governmental
Entity to which such Acquiror Entity is subject, excluding from the foregoing
clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv) such conflicts, requirements, defaults,
failures, breaches, rights or violations that could not reasonably be
expected to have an Acquiror Entity Material Adverse Effect.   Section 4.4
Proxy Statement. None of the information relating to the Acquiror Entities
and supplied or to be supplied by either Acquiror Entity or its respective
Affiliates specifically for inclusion in the Proxy Statement (and any
amendments thereof or supplements thereto) will, at the time of the
mailing of the Proxy Statement to the stockholders of the Company, at the
time of the Special Meeting, and as of the time of any amendments thereof
or    18    supplements thereto, contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no representation is
made by any Acquiror Entity with respect to statements made in any of the
foregoing documents based upon information supplied by the Company or its
Subsidiaries.   Section 4.5 Acquisition Sub\'s Operations. Acquisition Sub
was formed solely for the purpose of engaging in the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and has not, other than in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby and other than those incidental
to its organization and maintenance of corporate existence, (i) engaged in
any business activities, (ii) conducted any operations, (iii) incurred any
liabilities or (iv) owned any assets or property.   Section 4.6 Ownership
of Company Common Stock. Neither Acquiror Entity nor any of its respective
"affiliates" or "associates" (as such terms are defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act) is the "beneficial owner" (as such term is defined in the
Company Certificate of Incorporation) of any shares of Company Common
Stock.   Section 4.7 Financing. Parent and Acquisition Sub have, and
will continue to have through the Closing Date, sufficient funds available to
them in cash or under existing credit lines to finance the payment of the
Merger Consideration as contemplated by this Agreement and to otherwise
perform their obligations hereunder.   Section 4.8 Brokers. No broker,
finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finder\'s or other
fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby
based upon arrangements made by either Acquiror Entity.   Section 4.9
Litigation. As of the date of this Agreement, there is no action, suit,
proceeding or investigation pending or, to the Knowledge of Parent or
Acquisition Sub, threatened against either Acquiror Entity, at law or
in equity, that could reasonably be expected to have an Acquiror Entity
Material Adverse Effect.   ARTICLE V  COVENANTS OF THE PARTIES   Section
5.1 Conduct of the Business of the Company. During the period from the date
of this Agreement and continuing until the Effective Time, the Company agrees
as to itself and each of its Subsidiaries that (except as (i) expressly
permitted or required by any other provision of this Agreement, (ii) as set
forth in Section 5.1 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, (iii) as required by
any Applicable Law, (iv) as required by a Governmental Entity of competent
jurisdiction, (v) to the extent approved in writing by Parent prior to, or
contemporaneously with, this Agreement or (vi) to the extent that
Parent shall otherwise consent in writing, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed):   (a) Ordinary Course.   (i) The
Company and each of its Subsidiaries shall in all  material respects carry on
their respective businesses in the usual,  regular and ordinary course and
consistent with past practice. Without  limiting the foregoing, the Company
and its Subsidiaries shall use  their commercially reasonable efforts to
preserve    19      substantially intact their present lines of
business, maintain their  rights and franchises and preserve substantially
intact their current  relationships with customers, suppliers and others
having business  dealings with them and keep available the services of their
present  officers and employees, in each case to the end that their ongoing 
businesses shall not be impaired in a manner that would reasonably be 
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect at the Effective 
Time.   (ii) The Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its 
Subsidiaries to, incur or commit to any capital expenditures, except  for (x)
capital expenditures up to the aggregate amount set forth in a  capital
expenditure budget plan delivered to Parent prior to the date  of this
Agreement, (y) capital expenditures not covered by clause (x)  up to an
aggregate amount of $1,000,000 or (z) such other capital  expenditures
consented to by Parent.   (b) Dividends; Changes in Share Capital. The
Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to (i)
declare, set aside or pay any dividend or other distribution with respect to
any of its capital stock (except for dividends by wholly-owned Subsidiaries
of the Company), (ii) split, combine or reclassify any of its capital stock
or issue any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution
for, shares of its capital stock, except for any such transaction by a
wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company which remains a wholly-owned
Subsidiary after consummation of such transaction, or (iii) repurchase,
redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of its capital stock or any securities
convertible into or exercisable for any shares of its capital stock.   (c)
Issuance of Securities. The Company shall not, and shall not permit any of
its Subsidiaries to, issue, deliver or sell any shares of its capital stock
of any class, any Company Voting Debt or any securities convertible into or
exercisable for, or any rights, warrants or options to acquire, any such
shares of capital stock or Company Voting Debt, other than (i) the issuance
of shares of Company Common Stock (u) upon the exercise of Company Stock
Options outstanding on the date of this Agreement in accordance with
the terms of the Company Stock Option Plans in effect as of the date of
this Agreement, (v) upon the exercise of the Company Warrant, (w) in
connection with Company Restricted Stock Awards, (x) to directors for payment
of a portion of their directors\' fees consistent with the Company\'s past
practice, (y) pursuant to the 401(k) Savings Plan or (z) under the Employee
Stock Purchase Plan and the Agent Stock Purchase Plan or (ii) issuances by a
wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company of capital stock to such Subsidiary\'s
parent or another wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company.   (d) Governing
Documents. The Company shall not amend or restate the Company Certificate of
Incorporation or the Company Bylaws.   (e) No Acquisitions. The Company
shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, acquire (or agree
to acquire), in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions,
any business or assets, other than transactions that are in the usual,
regular and ordinary course of business or which involve assets having a
purchase price not in excess of $250,000 individually or $1,000,000 in the
aggregate.   (f) No Dispositions. The Company shall not, and shall not
permit any of its Subsidiaries to, sell, dispose of, transfer or divest any
assets (including capital stock of its    20    Subsidiaries),
businesses or divisions other than transactions that are in the usual,
regular and ordinary course of business or which involve assets having
a current value of not in excess of $250,000 individually or $1,000,000 in
the aggregate.   (g) No Liens. The Company shall not, and shall not permit
any of its Subsidiaries to, create, assume or otherwise consensually incur
any Lien on any asset other than Liens (i) pursuant to, or permitted under,
the Credit Facility, (ii) incurred in the usual, regular and ordinary course
of business consistent with past practice and (iii) which could not
reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.   (h)
Compensation; Severance. Except (i) as required by Applicable Law, (ii) to
satisfy contractual obligations existing on the date hereof or (iii) in the
usual, regular and ordinary course of business consistent with past practice,
the Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, (1)
pay or commit to pay any severance or termination pay other than severance or
termination pay that is required to be paid pursuant to the terms of an
existing Plan or contemplated by Section 5.1(h) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, (2) enter into any employment, deferred compensation,
consulting, severance or other similar agreement (or any amendment to any
such existing agreement) with any director or officer or key employee of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (3) increase or commit to increase in any
material respect any employee benefits payable to any director, officer or
employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, including wages,
salaries, compensation, pension, severance, termination pay or other benefits
or payments (except as required by an existing Plan or Applicable Law), (4)
adopt or make any commitment to adopt any additional employee benefit plan,
(5) make any contribution to any Plan, other than (A) regularly scheduled
contributions and (B) contributions required pursuant to the terms thereof or
Applicable Law, or (6) amend or extend or make any commitments to amend or
extend any Plan in any material respect, except for amendments required by
Applicable Law or to avoid adverse tax consequences under Section 409A of the
Code.   (i) Accounting Methods; Income Tax Elections. The Company shall
not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, (i) change in any
material respect its methods of accounting or accounting practice as in
effect at December 31, 2005, except for any such change as required by reason
of a change in SEC guidelines, GAAP or SAP, (ii) change its fiscal year,
(iii) prepare or file any Tax Return materially inconsistent with past
practice or, on any such Tax Return, take any position, make any election, or
adopt any accounting method that is materially inconsistent with positions
taken, elections made or accounting methods used in preparing or filing
similar Tax Returns in prior periods or (iv) settle or compromise any
material claim relating to Taxes.   (j) Certain Agreements. The Company
shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into any
Contracts that limit or restrain the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
any of their respective Affiliates or successors, or that would, after the
Effective Time, limit or restrict Parent, the Surviving Corporation or any of
their respective Affiliates or successors, from engaging or competing in any
business or in any geographic area or location.   (k) Corporate Structure.
The Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, alter
(through merger, liquidation, reorganization, restructuring or any other
fashion) the corporate structure of the Company or the corporate structure or
ownership of the Subsidiaries.    21    (l) Certain Prohibited Actions.
The Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to,
agree, authorize or enter into any commitment to take any action described in
the foregoing subsections (a)-(k) of this Section 5.1, except as otherwise
permitted by this Agreement.   Section 5.2 Stockholders\' Meeting; Proxy
Material. (a) Subject to the next two sentences of this Section 5.2(a), the
Company shall, acting through the Company Board and in accordance with
Applicable Law and the Company Certificate of Incorporation and the Company
Bylaws, use its commercially reasonable best efforts to duly call, give
notice of, convene and hold a special meeting of its stockholders (the
"Special Meeting") as promptly as practicable after the date hereof for the
purpose of considering and taking action upon this Agreement and the Merger
and shall use its reasonable best efforts to solicit proxies in favor of
approval of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby, including the Merger. The Company Board shall recommend that holders
of shares of Company Common Stock vote for approval of this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby, including the Merger (the "Company
Recommendation"); provided, that, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement
to the contrary, the Company Board may determine (i) not to make or may
withdraw, modify or change in any manner adverse to Parent or Acquisition Sub
such recommendation (a "Change in Recommendation") and (ii) not to solicit
proxies in favor of approval of this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby, including the Merger, if, in the case of both clauses
(i) and (ii), the Company Board has determined in good faith, after
consultation with its independent legal and financial advisors, that (A) the
Company has received a Superior Proposal or (B) it would be consistent with
its fiduciary responsibilities to the Company\'s stockholders under
Applicable Law to so withdraw, modify or change such
recommendation (regardless of the existence of a Superior Proposal at such
time). The Company may, if it receives an Acquisition Proposal, delay the
mailing of the Proxy Statement or the holding of the Special Meeting, in each
case for such time as is necessary for the Company Board to consider such
Acquisition Proposal and to determine the effect, if any, on its
recommendation in favor of the Merger.   (b) Promptly following the date of
this Agreement, the Company shall prepare and file with the SEC a proxy
statement relating to the approval of the Merger by the Company\'s
stockholders (as amended or supplemented, the "Proxy Statement"). Parent,
Acquisition Sub and the Company shall cooperate with each other in connection
with the preparation of the Proxy Statement. The Company will use its
commercially reasonable best efforts to have the Proxy Statement cleared by
the SEC as promptly as practicable after such filing.   (c) The Company
shall as promptly as practicable notify Parent and Acquisition Sub of the
receipt of any oral or written comments from the SEC relating to the Proxy
Statement. Subject to the last two sentences of Section 5.2(a), the Company
will use its commercially reasonable best efforts to cause the Proxy
Statement to be mailed to the Company\'s stockholders as promptly
as practicable after the Proxy Statement is cleared by the SEC. The Company
shall cooperate and provide Parent and Acquisition Sub with a reasonable
opportunity to review and comment on the draft of the Proxy Statement
(including each amendment or supplement thereto) and all responses to
requests for additional information by and replies to comments of the SEC,
prior to filing such with or sending such to the SEC, and the parties hereto
will provide each other with copies of all such filings made and
correspondence with the SEC. If at any time prior to the Effective Time, any
information should be discovered by any party which should be set forth in an
amendment or supplement to the Proxy Statement so that the Proxy Statement
would not include any misstatement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact necessary to    22    make the statements therein, in the
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, the
party which discovers such information shall promptly notify the other
parties hereto and, to the extent required by Applicable Law, an appropriate
amendment or supplement describing such information shall be promptly filed
by the Company with the SEC and disseminated by the Company to the
stockholders of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall
not be required to take any of the actions provided for under Section 5.2(b)
or this Section 5.2(c) if the Company Board determines in good faith, after
consultation with its independent legal and financial advisors, that (A) the
Company has received a Superior Proposal or (B) it would not be consistent
with its fiduciary responsibilities to the Company\'s stockholders under
Applicable Law to take such actions (regardless of the existence of a
Superior Proposal at such time).   Section 5.3 Access to Information. Upon
reasonable advance notice, between the date of this Agreement and the Closing
Date, the Company shall (i) give Parent, Acquisition Sub, and its and their
respective counsel, financial advisors, Affiliates, auditors and other
authorized representatives (collectively, "Acquiror\'s Representatives")
reasonable access during normal business hours to the offices, properties,
books and records (including Tax Returns and other Tax-related information)
of the Company and its Subsidiaries, (ii) furnish to Acquiror\'s
Representatives such financial and operating data and other information
(including Tax Returns and other Tax-related information) relating to the
Company, its Subsidiaries and their respective operations as such Persons may
reasonably request and (iii) instruct the employees, counsel and financial
advisors of the Company and its Subsidiaries to cooperate with Parent and
Acquisition Sub in their investigation of the business of the Company and its
Subsidiaries; provided, however, that such access shall only be provided to
the extent that such access would not violate Applicable Laws or the terms
of any Contract to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or
by which any of their respective assets are subject. Any information relating
to the Company or its Subsidiaries made available pursuant to this Section
5.3, shall be subject to the provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement.
Neither Parent nor Acquisition Sub shall, and Parent and Acquisition Sub
shall cause each of the Acquiror\'s Representatives not to, use any
information acquired pursuant to this Section 5.3 for any purpose unrelated
to the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.   Section 5.4
No Solicitation. From the date of this Agreement until the Effective Time or,
if earlier, the termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms,
the Company shall not (whether directly or indirectly through Affiliates,
advisors, agents or other intermediaries), and the Company shall direct and
cause its and its Subsidiaries\' respective officers, directors, Affiliates,
advisors, representatives or other agents of the Company not to, directly or
indirectly, (i) solicit, initiate, knowingly encourage or
knowingly facilitate (including by way of furnishing non-public information)
any inquiries or the making or submission of any proposal that constitutes an
Acquisition Proposal, (ii) participate or engage in discussions or
negotiations with, or disclose any non-public information or data relating to
the Company or its Subsidiaries or afford access to the properties, books or
records of the Company or its Subsidiaries to, any Person that has made an
Acquisition Proposal or to any Person that has disclosed to the Company that
it is in contemplation of an Acquisition Proposal or (iii) accept an
Acquisition Proposal or enter into any agreement or agreement in principle
(other than an Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement), providing for or
relating to an Acquisition Proposal or enter into any agreement or agreement
in principle requiring the Company to abandon, terminate or fail to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the previous
sentence, if at any time prior to the consummation of the Merger, (a) the
Company has received    23    an Acquisition Proposal from a Third
Party and (b) the Company Board determines in good faith, after consultation
with its independent legal and financial advisors, that such Acquisition
Proposal could result in a Superior Proposal, then the Company may take any
of the actions described in clause (ii) of this Section 5.4; provided, that
the Company (A) will provide notice to Parent and Acquisition Sub of the
receipt of such Acquisition Proposal within two (2) Business Days after the
Company Board has Knowledge of the receipt thereof, (B) will not disclose any
information to such Person without entering into an Acceptable
Confidentiality Agreement and (C) will promptly provide to Parent
and Acquisition Sub any non-public information concerning the Company
provided to such other Person which was not previously provided to Parent and
Acquisition Sub. Nothing contained in this Section 5.4 shall prohibit the
Company or the Company Board from taking and disclosing to the Company\'s
stockholders a position with respect to a tender or exchange offer by a Third
Party pursuant to Rules 14d-9 and 14e-2(a) promulgated under the Exchange Act
or from making any disclosure required by Applicable Law or any disclosure to
the Company\'s stockholders if, in the good faith judgment of the Company
Board, after consultation with its independent legal and financial advisors,
such disclosure is consistent with its fiduciary responsibilities to the
Company\'s stockholders under Applicable Law.   Section 5.5 Real Estate
Transfer Taxes. The Company shall pay all state or local real property
transfer, gains or similar Taxes, if any (collectively, the "Transfer
Taxes"), attributable to the transfer of the beneficial ownership of the
Company\'s and any of its Subsidiaries\' real properties, and any penalties
or interest with respect thereto, payable in connection with the consummation
of the Merger. The Company shall cooperate with Parent in the filing of any
returns with respect to the Transfer Taxes, including supplying in a timely
manner a complete list of all real property interests held by the Company and
any of its Subsidiaries and any information with respect to such properties
that is reasonably necessary to complete such returns. The portion of the
consideration allocable to the real properties of the Company and any of its
Subsidiaries shall be determined by Parent in its reasonable discretion. The
stockholders of the Company (who are intended third-party beneficiaries of
this Section 5.5) shall be deemed to have agreed to be bound by the
allocation established pursuant to this Section 5.5 in the preparation of any
return with respect to the Transfer Taxes.   Section 5.6 Director and
Officer Liability. (a) Parent shall, or shall cause the Surviving Corporation
to, honor all rights to indemnification and exculpation from liability for
acts and omissions occurring at or prior to the Effective Time and rights to
advancements of expenses relating thereto now existing in favor of the
current or former directors, officers, employees or agents of the Company and
its Subsidiaries (the "Indemnitees") as provided in their respective charters
(or similar constitutive documents) or bylaws or in any indemnification
agreement set forth in Section 5.6 of the Company Disclosure Schedule and all
such rights shall survive the Merger and shall not be amended, repealed or
otherwise modified in any manner that would materially and adversely affect
the rights thereunder of any such Indemnitees, unless an alteration
or modification of such documents is required by Applicable Law or the
Indemnitee affected thereby otherwise consents in writing thereto.   (b)
For six years after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall
provide officers\' and directors\' liability insurance in respect of acts
or omissions occurring at or prior to the Effective Time covering each such
Person covered at or prior to the Effective Time by the Company\'s officers\'
and directors\' liability insurance policy maintained by the Company and in
effect as of the date hereof on terms with respect to coverage and amount no
less    24    favorable than those of the policy in effect on the date
hereof and described in Section 5.6 of the Company Disclosure Schedule;
provided, however, that in no event shall the Surviving Corporation be
required to expend more than an amount per year equal to 200% of the current
annual premium paid by the Company for such insurance (the "Maximum Amount")
to maintain or procure insurance coverage pursuant hereto, it being
understood that if the Surviving Corporation is purchasing multi-year
coverage the Maximum Amount shall be deemed to be the Maximum Amount computed
using such 200% factor multiplied by the number of years of such coverage;
provided, further, that if the amount of the annual premiums necessary to
maintain or procure such insurance coverage exceeds the Maximum Amount, the
Surviving Corporation shall maintain or procure, for such six-year period,
the most advantageous policy of directors\' and officers\'
insurance obtainable for an average annual premium equal to the Maximum
Amount. Section 5.6 of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth the last
annual premium paid prior to the date hereof.   (c) This Section 5.6 shall
survive the consummation of the Merger and is intended to be for the benefit
of, and shall be enforceable by, the Indemnitees referred to herein, their
heirs and personal representatives and shall be binding on the Surviving
Corporation and its successors and assigns.   (d) If the Surviving
Corporation or any of its successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or
merges into any other Person and shall not be the continuing or surviving
corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers or
conveys all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any Person,
then, and in each case, to the extent necessary, proper provision shall be
made so that the successors and assigns of the Surviving Corporation shall
assume the obligations set forth in this Section 5.6, and none of the actions
described in clause (i) or (ii) of this sentence shall be taken until such
provision is made.   (e) The obligations of the Company and the Surviving
Corporation under this Section 5.6 shall not be terminated or modified in
such a manner as to adversely affect any Indemnitee to whom this Section 5.6
applies without the consent of such affected Indemnitee.   Section 5.7
Certain Filings. (a) Parent, Acquisition Sub and the Company shall cooperate
with one another (i) in connection with the preparation of the Proxy
Statement, (ii) in determining whether any action by or in respect of, or
filing with, any Governmental Entity is required, or any actions, consents,
approvals or waivers are required to be obtained from any non-governmental
Third Parties to any Company Material Contracts, in connection with the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby (it being understood
that each party shall consult with the other in connection with any material
modifications to the relevant regulatory filing to obtain the Ohio Approval
Order and the Nebraska Approval Order, and shall not modify such filings in
any manner that would contravene such party\'s obligation to use commercially
reasonable best efforts to obtain such regulatory approvals as promptly as
practicable) and (iii) in seeking any such actions, consents, approvals or
waivers or making any such filings, furnishing information required in
connection therewith or with the Proxy Statement and seeking timely to
obtain any such actions, consents, approvals or waivers. Without limiting
the provisions of this Section 5.7, the Company shall, and Parent and
Acquisition Sub shall, cause its "ultimate parent entity" to file with the
Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission a Pre-Merger
Notification and Report Form pursuant to the HSR Act in respect of the
transactions contemplated hereby within ten (10) Business Days of the date of
this Agreement, and, subject to Section 5.7(c), each party will use its
reasonable best efforts to take or cause to be taken all   
25    actions necessary, including to comply promptly and fully with any
requests for information from regulatory Governmental Entities, to obtain any
clearance, waiver, approval or authorization that is necessary to enable the
parties to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. Further, without
limiting the provisions of this Section 5.7, Parent and Acquisition Sub shall
make Form A filings with the respective Insurance Regulatory Authorities in
each of the States of Ohio and Nebraska with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereby within ten (10) Business Days of the date of this
Agreement with respect to seeking the Ohio Approval Order and the Nebraska
Approval Order, respectively. Parent shall promptly make any and all other
filings and submissions of information with the Insurance Regulatory
Authorities which are required or requested by Insurance Regulatory
Authorities to obtain the approvals required by such Insurance Regulatory
Authorities to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company
agrees to furnish Parent with such information and reasonable assistance as
Parent may reasonably request in connection with its preparation of the Form
A filings and other filings or submissions. Parent shall keep the Company
apprised on a timely basis in reasonable detail of its actions with respect
to all such filings and submissions and shall provide the Company with copies
of any Form A filings and other filings or submissions in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (b) Subject to Section
5.7(c), (i) the Company, Parent and Acquisition Sub shall each use its
commercially reasonable best efforts to resolve such objections, if any, as
may be asserted with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby under
any Regulatory Law and (ii) if any administrative, judicial or legislative
action or proceeding, including any proceeding by a private party, is
instituted (or threatened to be instituted) challenging the transactions
contemplated hereby as violative of any Regulatory Law, the Company, Parent
and Acquisition Sub shall each cooperate in all respects and use its
respective commercially reasonable best efforts to contest and resist
any such action or proceeding and to have vacated, lifted, reversed or
overturned any decree, judgment, injunction or other order (whether
temporary, preliminary or permanent) that is in effect and that restricts,
prevents or prohibits consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby,
including by pursuing all reasonable avenues of administrative and judicial
appeal.   (c) Each of the Company, Parent and Acquisition Sub shall (i)
subject to any restrictions under any Regulatory Law, to the extent
practicable, promptly notify each other of any communication to that party
from any Governmental Entity (including the Federal Trade Commission, the
Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice, the Ohio Department of
Insurance and the Nebraska Department of Insurance) with respect to this
Agreement and the transactions and other agreements contemplated hereby and
permit the other party to review in advance any proposed written
communication to any Governmental Entity, (ii) unless required by Applicable
Law, not agree to participate in any meeting with any Governmental Entity in
respect of any filings, investigation or other inquiry with respect to this
Agreement and the transactions and other agreements contemplated hereby
unless it consults with the other party in advance and, to the extent
permitted by such Governmental Entity, gives the other party the opportunity
to attend and participate thereat, in each case to the extent practicable,
(iii) subject to any restrictions under any Regulatory Law, furnish the other
party with copies of all correspondence, filings and communications (and
memoranda setting forth the substance thereof) between it and its Affiliates
and their respective representatives on the one hand, and any Governmental
Entity or members of its staff on the other hand, with respect to this
Agreement and the transactions and other agreements contemplated
hereby (excluding documents and communications which are subject to
preexisting confidentiality agreements and    26    to the attorney
client privilege or work product doctrine) and (iv) furnish the other party
with such necessary information and reasonable assistance as such other party
and its Affiliates may reasonably request in connection with
their preparation of necessary filings, registrations, or submissions of
information to any Governmental Entities in connection with this Agreement
and the transactions and other agreements contemplated hereby and thereby,
including any filings necessary or appropriate under the provisions of any
Regulatory Law.   (d) Between the date of this Agreement and the Closing
Date, the Company shall furnish to Parent any federal Tax Return prior filing
such Tax Return with the IRS.   Section 5.8 Commercially Reasonable Best
Efforts. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, each
party hereto shall use its commercially reasonable best efforts to take, or
cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things
necessary, proper or advisable under Applicable Laws to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby.   Section 5.9 Public Announcements. None
of the Company, Parent, Acquisition Sub, or any of their respective
Affiliates shall issue or cause the publication of any press release or other
public announcement with respect to this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby without the prior approval of the other parties, except
to the extent required by law or by any listing agreement with, or the
policies of, a national securities exchange and after reasonable prior notice
to the other parties hereto.   Section 5.10 State Takeover Laws. If any
"fair price," "business combination" or "control share acquisition" statute
or other similar statute or regulation is or may become applicable to the
transactions contemplated hereby, the Company, Parent and Acquisition Sub
shall use their respective commercially reasonable best efforts to grant such
approvals not take such actions as are necessary so that the transactions
contemplated hereby may be consummated as promptly as practicable on the
terms contemplated hereby and otherwise act to eliminate or minimize the
effects of any such statute or regulation on the transactions contemplated
hereby.   Section 5.11 Certain Notifications. Between the date hereof and
the Effective Time, the Company shall promptly notify Parent and Acquisition
Sub of (i) any notice or other communication from any Person alleging that
the consent of such Person is or may be required in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby, other than where the failure to obtain such
consent could not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect, (ii) any notice or communication from any Governmental Entity in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and (iii) any action,
suit, charge, complaint, grievance or proceeding commenced or, to the
Company\'s Knowledge, threatened against the Company or any Subsidiary which,
if pending on the date of this Agreement, would have been required to have
been disclosed pursuant to Section 3.13 or which relates to the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby. Between the date hereof and the
Effective Time, Parent and Acquisition Sub shall promptly notify the Company
of any action, suit, charge, complaint, grievance or proceeding commenced or,
to the Knowledge of Parent or Acquisition Sub, threatened against Parent or
Acquisition Sub which, if pending on the date of this Agreement, would have
been required to have been disclosed pursuant to Section 4.10 or which
relates to the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Between
the date hereof and the Effective Time, each party shall promptly notify the
other parties hereto in writing after becoming aware of the   
27     occurrence of any event which will, or is reasonably likely to,
result in the failure to satisfy any of the conditions specified in Article
VI.   Section 5.12 Third Party Consents. Between the date hereof and
the Effective Time, the Company shall use commercially reasonable best
efforts to obtain the third party consents set forth in Section 3.3 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule.   Section 5.13 Advisory Fees, etc. Pursuant to
engagement letters entered into between the Company and each of UBS
Securities LLC and Cochran Caronia Waller LLC each dated as of December 5,
2005, the Company agrees (and Parent and Acquisition Sub agree) that, if the
Closing occurs, the Company will provide to each of UBS Securities LLC and
Cochran Caronia Waller LLC at the Closing a cash amount sufficient to pay in
full all of such financial advisors\' respective fees and expenses with
respect to the transactions contemplated hereby up to the amounts disclosed
in Section 3.20 of the Company Disclosure Schedule but only the extent not
previously paid or reimbursed.   Section 5.14 Employees and Employee Benefit
Plans. (a) For a period of not less than one year following the Closing Date,
the Surviving Corporation shall provide all individuals who are employees of
the Company and the Subsidiaries (including employees who are not actively at
work on account of illness, disability or leave of absence) on the Closing
Date (the "Affected Employees"), while employed by the Company or the
Subsidiaries, with compensation and benefits which are substantially
comparable in the aggregate to the compensation and benefits provided to such
Affected Employees as of the date of this Agreement. Nothing contained in
this Section 5.14 shall be deemed to grant any Affected Employee any right to
continued employment after the Closing Date. The Surviving Corporation shall
continue to provide and recognize all accrued but unused paid time off of
Affected Employees as of the Closing Date. Any preexisting condition clause
in any of the welfare plans (including medical, dental and disability
coverage) established or maintained by the Surviving Corporation after the
Closing Date shall be waived for the Affected Employees, and Affected
Employees shall be credited with service with the Company for all purposes
under such plans.   (b) For the period beginning on the Closing Date and
ending no earlier than the first anniversary of the Closing Date, the
Surviving Corporation shall provide notice of termination or pay in lieu
thereof and severance pay, if applicable, to Affected Employees that is no
less favorable than under the current practices of the Company and the
Subsidiaries as in effect as of the date hereof, which are disclosed in
Section 5.14 of the Company Disclosure Schedule.   (c) The Surviving
Corporation and the Subsidiaries shall be responsible for all liabilities or
obligations under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act and
similar state and local rules, statutes and ordinances resulting from the
Closing or from the actions of the Surviving Corporation or any Subsidiary
following the Closing. The Surviving Corporation shall be liable for any
workers\' compensation or similar workers\' protection claims of any Affected
Employee incurred prior to the Closing Date.   Section 5.15 Delisting. Each
of the parties agrees to cooperate with each other in taking, or causing to
be taken, all actions necessary to delist the Company Common Stock from the
Nasdaq National Market and terminate registration under the Exchange Act;
provided, that such delisting and termination shall not be effective until
after the Effective Time.    28     Section 5.16 Cooperation Relating
to Pre-Closing Transaction. The Company shall, subject to the proviso that
follows, cooperate in good faith with Parent if and when Parent reasonably
requests that certain Company assets or insurance reserves be transferred to
a Third Party immediately prior to the Effective Time or that a reinsurance
transaction be entered into contemporaneously with or immediately prior to
the Effective Time ("Pre-Closing Transaction"); provided, however, that the
Company shall not be required with respect to a Pre-Closing Transaction if
Parent does not, prior to consummation of the Pre-Closing Transaction,
deposit the executed Certificate of Merger with a mutually agreed agent in
Delaware for filing and also deposit the Merger Consideration with the Paying
Agent or if the Company is otherwise not satisfied in its good faith judgment
that there is no risk that the Merger will not be consummated.   ARTICLE
VI  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT   Section 6.1 Conditions to Each Party\'s
Obligations to Effect the Merger. The respective obligations of the Company,
Parent and Acquisition Sub to effect the Merger are subject to the
satisfaction or, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the waiver on or
prior to the Effective Time of each of the following conditions:   (a) The
Company Stockholder Approval shall have been obtained at the Special
Meeting.   (b) The waiting period applicable to the consummation of the
Merger under the HSR Act shall have expired or been terminated.   (c) Other
than the filing provided for in Section 1.3, all notices, reports and other
filings required to be made prior to the Effective Time by the Company or
Parent or any of their respective Subsidiaries with, and all consents,
registrations, approvals, permits and authorizations required to be obtained
prior to the Effective Time by the Company or Parent or any of
their respective Subsidiaries from, any Governmental Entity in connection
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby by the Company, Parent
and Acquisition Sub (including the Ohio Approval Order and the Nebraska
Approval Order) shall have been made or obtained (as the case may be), except
for those (other than the Ohio Approval Order and the Nebraska Approval
Order) the failure to be made or obtained could not reasonably be expected to
have a Company Material Adverse Effect or an Acquiror Entity Material Adverse
Effect.   (d) No Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction shall
have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any statute, law,
ordinance, rule, regulation, judgment, decree, injunction or other order
(whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) that is in effect and
prohibits consummation of the Merger, and no federal or state Governmental
Entity shall have instituted any proceeding that is pending seeking any such
judgment, decree, injunction or other order to prohibit the consummation of
the Merger.   Section 6.2 Conditions to the Company\'s Obligation to Effect
the Merger. The obligation of the Company to effect the Merger shall be
further subject to the satisfaction or, to the extent permitted by Applicable
Law, the waiver on or prior to the Effective Time of each of the following
conditions:    29     (a) The representations of Parent and Acquisition
Sub contained in the first sentence of Section 4.1 (Organization) and in
Section 4.2 (Authorization) shall be true and correct in all respects with
regard to any such representations containing the qualifications "materially"
or "material" or any other qualifications based on such terms or based on the
defined term Acquiror Entity Material Adverse Effect, and shall be true and
correct in all material respects, both individually and in the aggregate,
with regard to any representation not so qualified, in each case as of the
Effective Time (or, to the extent such representations and warranties speak
as of an earlier date, they shall be true and correct in all respects as of
such earlier date). The representations and warranties of Parent and
Acquisition Sub contained in this Agreement other than those listed in the
preceding sentence shall be true and correct in all respects when made and as
of the Effective Time as if made at such time (or, to the extent such
representations and warranties speak as of a specified date, they need only
be true and correct in all respects as of such specified date) interpreted
without giving effect to the words "materially" or "material" or to any
qualifications based on such terms or based on the defined term "Acquiror
Entity Material Adverse Effect," except where the failure of all such
representations and warranties to be true and correct could not reasonably be
expected to have an Acquiror Entity Material Adverse Effect.   (b) Parent
and Acquisition Sub shall have performed in all material respects their
respective agreements and covenants contained in or contemplated by this
Agreement that are required to be performed by them at or prior to
the Effective Time pursuant to the terms hereof.   (c) The Company shall
have received certificates signed on behalf of Parent and Acquisition Sub by
an executive officer of each of Parent and Acquisition Sub, dated the Closing
Date, to the effect that the conditions set forth in Sections 6.2(a) and
6.2(b) have been satisfied.   Section 6.3 Conditions to Parent\'s and
Acquisition Sub\'s Obligations to Effect the Merger. The obligations of
Parent and Acquisition Sub to effect the Merger shall be further subject to
the satisfaction, or to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the waiver on
or prior to the Closing of each of the following conditions:   (a) The
representations of the Company contained in the first sentence of Section 3.1
(Organization), in Section 3.2 (Authorization) and in Section
3.4 (Capitalization) shall be true and correct in all respects with regard to
any such representations containing the qualifications "materially" or
"material" or any other qualifications based on such terms or based on the
defined term Company Material Adverse Effect, and shall be true and correct
in all material respects, both individually and in the aggregate, with regard
to any representation not so qualified, in each case as of the Effective Time
(or, to the extent such representations and warranties speak as of an earlier
date, they shall be true and correct in all respects as of such earlier
date). The representations and warranties of the Company contained in this
Agreement other than those listed in the preceding sentence shall be true and
correct in all respects when made and as of the Effective Time as if made at
such time (or, to the extent such representations and warranties speak as of
a specified date, they need only be true and correct in all respects as of
such specified date) interpreted without giving effect to the words
"materially" or "material" or to any qualifications based on such terms or
based on the defined term "Company Material Adverse Effect," except where the
failure of all such representations and warranties to be true and correct
could not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect.    30     (b) The Company shall have performed in all material
respects each of its agreements and covenants contained in or contemplated by
this Agreement that are required to be performed by it at or prior to the
Effective Time pursuant to the terms hereof.   (c) Parent and Acquisition
Sub shall have received certificates signed on behalf of the Company by an
executive officer of the Company, dated the Closing Date, to the effect that
the conditions set forth in Sections 6.3(a) and 6.3(b) have been
satisfied.   ARTICLE VII  TERMINATION   Section 7.1 Termination. This
Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether
before or after obtaining the Company Stockholder Approval, by action taken
by the Board of Directors of the terminating party or parties:   (a) by
mutual written consent of Parent, Acquisition Sub and the Company;   (b) by
the Company, Parent or Acquisition Sub if the Closing shall not have occurred
on or before December 31, 2006 (the "Termination Date"); provided, however,
that the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 7.1(b) shall
not be available to any party whose failure to fulfill any
obligation (including such party\'s obligation under Section 5.7) or other
breach under this Agreement has been the cause of, or resulted in, the
failure of the Merger to occur on or before the Termination Date;   (c) by
the Company, Parent or Acquisition Sub if any Governmental Entity of
competent jurisdiction shall have issued an order, decree or ruling or taken
any other action permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting
the transactions contemplated hereby, and such order, decree, ruling or other
action shall have become final and nonappealable;   (d) by the Company,
Parent or Acquisition Sub if at the Special Meeting or any adjournment
thereof the Company Stockholder Approval shall not have been obtained;  
(e) by Parent or Acquisition Sub, if (i) the Company Board or any committee
thereof shall have effected a Change in Recommendation or (ii) the Company
Board or any committee thereof shall have approved or recommended
any Acquisition Proposal;   (f) by the Company, if there is a breach by
Parent or Acquisition Sub of any representation, warranty, covenant or
agreement contained in this Agreement that would give rise to a failure of a
condition set forth in Section 6.2(a) or 6.2(b) and which has not been cured
(or is not capable of being cured) within twenty (20) Business Days following
receipt by Parent or Acquisition Sub, as the case may be, of written notice
from the Company of such breach;   (g) by Parent or Acquisition Sub, if
there is a breach by the Company of any representation, warranty, covenant or
agreement contained in this Agreement that would give rise to a failure of a
condition set forth in Section 6.3(a) or 6.3(b) and which has not been cured
(or is not capable of being cured) within twenty (20) Business Days following
receipt by the Company of written notice from Parent and Acquisition Sub of
such breach; or   (h) by the Company if (A) the Company Board authorizes the
Company, subject to complying with the terms of this Agreement, to enter into
a definitive agreement concerning a    31    transaction that
constitutes a Superior Proposal and the Company notifies Parent in writing
that it intends to enter into such an agreement and (B) the Company prior to
or concurrently with such termination pays to Parent in immediately available
funds the Termination Fee.   The party desiring to terminate this Agreement
shall give written notice of such termination to the other party.   Section
7.2 Effect of Termination. If this Agreement is terminated by either the
Company, Parent or Acquisition Sub as provided in Section 7.1, this Agreement
shall forthwith become void and there shall be no liability or obligation on
the part of the Company, Parent or Acquisition Sub or their respective
officers or directors, except as provided in this Article VII,
which provisions shall survive such termination, and except that,
notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, neither
the Company nor Parent or Acquisition Sub shall be relieved or released from
any liabilities or damages arising out of any willful or knowing breach of
this Agreement and except that the Confidentiality Agreement shall survive
such termination.   Section 7.3 Fees and Expenses. (a) The Company agrees to
pay Parent (or its designees) the sum of $6,150,000 (the "Termination Fee")
if this Agreement is terminated by the Company pursuant to Section 7.1(h) or
by Parent or Acquisition Sub pursuant to Section 7.1(e).   (b) The Company
agrees to reimburse Parent (or its designees) for all out-of-pocket expenses
of Parent and its Affiliates (the "Expenses"), including fees and expenses of
financial advisors, outside legal counsel and accountants, incurred in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and fees and expenses
incurred in connection with the proposed financing of the Merger, up to a
maximum amount of Expenses of $500,000, if this Agreement is terminated by
the Company, Parent or Acquisition Sub pursuant to Section 7.1(d) or Section
7.1(g); provided, that on or before the date of any such termination
described in this Section 7.3(b), an Acquisition Proposal with respect to the
Company shall have been publicly announced, disclosed or otherwise
communicated to the Company Board and, in the case of Section 7.1(d) only,
such Acquisition Proposal shall not have been withdrawn prior to the Special
Meeting.   (c) In addition to the amounts payable to Parent (or its
designees) under Section 7.3(b), the Company agrees to pay Parent (or its
designees) the Termination Fee (less the amounts payable under Section
7.3(b)) if this Agreement is terminated by the Company, Parent or Acquisition
Sub pursuant to Section 7.1(d) or Section 7.1(g); provided, that (I) on or
before the date of any such termination described in this Section 7.3(c), an
Acquisition Proposal with respect to the Company shall have been publicly
announced, disclosed or otherwise communicated to the Company Board and, in
the case of Section 7.1(d) only, such Acquisition Proposal shall not have
been withdrawn prior to the Special Meeting, (II) within nine (9) months of
any such termination the Company or a Third Party consummates, or the Company
enters into a definitive agreement with a Third Party for, a transaction that
would qualify as a Superior Proposal and (III) in the case of a termination
pursuant to Section 7.1(g) only, the breach giving rise to such termination
was intentional.   (d) Any payment required to be made pursuant to Section
7.3(a), (b) or (c) shall be made (X) concurrently with a termination by the
Company giving rise to the payments provided for in Section 7.3(a) or Section
7.3(b) or (Y) not more than three (3) Business Days    32    after the
satisfaction of the conditions provided for in Section 7.3(c). All payments
under this Section 7.3 shall be made by wire transfer of
immediately available funds to an account designated by the party entitled to
receive payment.   (e) Except as otherwise provided in this Section 7.3,
all costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such
expenses.   ARTICLE VIII  MISCELLANEOUS   Section 8.1 Definitions. As
used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified or
referred to in this Section 8.1 and shall be equally applicable to both
singular and plural forms. Any agreement referred to below means such
agreement as amended, supplemented or modified from time to time to the
extent permitted by the applicable provisions thereof and by
this Agreement.   "ACCEPTABLE CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT" means a
confidentiality agreement with terms and conditions no less favorable to the
Company than the Confidentiality Agreement, but which may exclude standstill
provisions.   "ACQUIROR ENTITY" has the meaning set forth in the first
sentence of Article IV.   "ACQUIROR ENTITY MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT" means
any effect, change or development that, individually or in the aggregate,
with other effects, changes or developments, is material and adverse to the
financial condition, business operations or results of operations of the
Acquiror Entities taken as a whole or could be reasonably expected to
adversely affect the ability of any Acquiror Entity to consummate the Merger
or other transactions contemplated hereby; provided, however, that to the
extent any effect, change or development is caused by or results from any of
the following, it shall not be taken into account in determining whether
there has been an "Acquiror Entity Material Adverse Effect": (i) the
announcement of the execution of this Agreement, actions contemplated by this
Agreement or the performance of obligations under this Agreement, (ii)
factors affecting the economy or financial markets as a whole or generally
affecting the life or health insurance industries and not disproportionately
affecting the Acquiror Entities, (iii) the suspension of trading in
securities generally on the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq National
Market, and (iv) the commencement, occurrence or continuation of any war,
armed hostilities or acts of terrorism involving or affecting the
United States of America or any part thereof.   "ACQUIROR\'S
REPRESENTATIVES" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.3.   "ACQUISITION
PROPOSAL" means any offer or proposal regarding a merger, consolidation,
share exchange, recapitalization, reclassification, liquidation or other
business combination involving the Company or the acquisition or purchase of
20% or more of any class of equity securities of the Company or any of its
Material Subsidiaries then outstanding, or any tender offer (including self-
tenders) or exchange offer that if consummated would result in any
Person beneficially owning 20% or more of any class of equity securities of
the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries, or a substantial portion of
the assets of, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, other
than the transactions contemplated hereby.    33    "ACQUISITION SUB"
has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph of this
Agreement.   "ACQUISITION SUB BYLAWS" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.3.   "ACQUISITION SUB CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION" has the meaning set
forth in Section 2.2.   "AFFECTED EMPLOYEES" has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.14(a).   "AFFILIATE" has the meaning as defined in Rule 12b-2
under the Exchange Act.   "AGREEMENT" means this Agreement and Plan of
Merger by and among Parent, Acquisition Sub and the Company.   "APPLICABLE
LAW" means all applicable laws, statutes, orders, rules, regulations and all
applicable legally binding policies or guidelines promulgated, or judgments,
decisions or orders entered, by any Governmental Entity.   "BUSINESS DAY"
means any day on which banks are not required or authorized to close in the
City of New York.   "CERTIFICATE" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.7.   "CERTIFICATE OF MERGER" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.3.  
"CHANGE IN RECOMMENDATION" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.2(a).  
"CLOSING" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.2.   "CLOSING DATE" has the
meaning set forth in Section 1.2.   "CODE" means the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended.   "COMPANY" has the meaning set forth in the
introductory paragraph of this Agreement.   "COMPANY 1998 SHARE INCENTIVE
PLAN" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.4(b)(v).   "COMPANY 1998
EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION PLAN" has the meaning set forth in Section
3.4(b)(vi).   "COMPANY 1999 SPECIAL AGENTS\' STOCK OPTION PLAN" has the
meaning set forth in Section 3.4(b)(vii).   "COMPANY BOARD" has the meaning
set forth in the first recital of this Agreement.   "COMPANY BYLAWS" has
the meaning set forth in Section 3.1.   "COMPANY CERTIFICATE OF
INCORPORATION" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1.    34    
"COMPANY COMMON STOCK" has the meaning set forth in the first recital of this
Agreement.   "COMPANY DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE" means the disclosure schedule
delivered by the Company to Parent dated the date hereof, which disclosure
schedule relates to this Agreement and is designated therein as the Company
Disclosure Schedule.   "COMPANY FEE PROPERTY" has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.17(a).   "COMPANY LEASED PROPERTY" has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.17(a).   "COMPANY LEASES" has the meaning set forth in Section
3.17(a).   "COMPANY MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT" means any effect, change or
development that, individually or in the aggregate, with other effects,
changes or developments, is material and adverse to the financial condition,
business operations or results of operations of the Company and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole, as the case may be, or could reasonably be
expected to materially and adversely affect the ability of the Company to
consummate the Merger or other transactions contemplated hereby; provided,
however, that to the extent any effect, change or development is caused by or
results from any of the following, it shall not be taken into account in
determining whether there has been a "Company Material Adverse Effect": (i)
the announcement of the execution of this Agreement, actions contemplated by
this Agreement or the performance of obligations under this Agreement (in
each case, including any reduction in sales, any disruption in supplier,
distributor, partner or similar relationships or any loss of employees), (ii)
factors affecting the economy or financial markets as a whole or generally
affecting the life or health insurance industries or the lines of business of
the type in which the Company engages and not disproportionately affecting
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iii) the suspension of trading in
securities generally on the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq National
Market and (vi) the commencement, occurrence or continuation of any war,
armed hostilities or acts of terrorism involving or affecting the United
States of America or any part thereof.   "COMPANY MATERIAL CONTRACT" has the
meaning set forth in Section 3.15.   "COMPANY NON-VOTING PREFERRED STOCK"
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.4(a)(ii).   "COMPANY PERMITS" has
the meaning set forth in Section 3.13(b).   "COMPANY REAL PROPERTY" has the
meaning set forth in Section 3.17(a).   "COMPANY RECOMMENDATION" has the
meaning set forth in Section 5.2(a).   "COMPANY RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS" has
the meaning set forth in Section 3.4(b)(viii).   "COMPANY SEC DOCUMENTS"
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.6.   "COMPANY STATE REGULATORY
FILINGS" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.7(c).   "COMPANY STOCK
OPTION PLANS" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.4(c).    35    
"COMPANY STOCK OPTIONS" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.4(c).  
"COMPANY STOCK PLANS" means the Company Stock Option Plans, the
Company\'s 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and the Company\'s 2000 Agent
Stock Purchase Plan.   "COMPANY STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL" has the meaning set
forth in Section 3.2(c).   "COMPANY VOTING PREFERRED STOCK" has the meaning
set forth in Section 3.4(a)(iii).   "COMPANY WARRANT" has the meaning set
forth in Section 2.9.   "CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT" means the
Confidentiality Agreement, dated as of January 5, 2006 and amended on March
20, 2006, by and between Great American Financial Resources, Inc. and UBS
Securities LLC and Cochran Caronia Waller LLC, on behalf of the Company.  
"CONSTITUENT CORPORATIONS" has the meaning set forth in the
introductory paragraph of this Agreement.   "CONTRACT" means any written or
oral agreement, contract, commitment, lease, license, contract, note, bond,
mortgage, indenture, arrangement or other instrument or obligation.  
"CREDIT FACILITY" means the Credit and Security Agreement dated as
of December 23, 2003, as amended, by and among the Company, certain of
its Subsidiaries, National City Bank, The CIT Group/Equipment Financing, Inc.
and each of the lenders, guarantors and financial institutions party
thereto.   "DGCL" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.1.   "DISSENTING
SHARES" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.10(j).   "DISSENTING
STOCKHOLDER" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.10(j).   "EFFECTIVE
TIME" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.3.   "ENVIRONMENTAL LAW" means
any federal, state, local or foreign statute, law, regulation, order, decree,
permit, authorization, common law or legally binding agency requirement
relating to: (i) the protection, investigation or restoration of the
environment, health, safety or natural resources, (ii) the handling, use,
presence, disposal, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Substance
or (iii) noise, odor, indoor air, employee exposure, wetlands, pollution,
contamination or any injury or threat of injury to Persons or property
relating to any Hazardous Substance.   "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974.   "EXCHANGE ACT" means the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934.   "EXPENSES" has the meaning set forth in Section 7.3(a).  
"GAAP" means United States generally accepted accounting principles.   
36     "GOVERNMENTAL ENTITY" means any federal, state or local government
or any court, tribunal, administrative agency or commission or other
governmental or other regulatory authority or agency, domestic, foreign or
supranational.   "HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCE" means (i) any substance that is
listed, classified, regulated or for which liability is imposed pursuant to
any Environmental Law, (ii) any petroleum product or by-product, asbestos-
containing material, lead-containing paint or plumbing, polychlorinated
biphenyls, radioactive material or radon and (iii) any other substance which
is the subject of regulatory action by any Governmental Entity in connection
with any Environmental Law.   "HOLDER" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.10(b).   "HSR ACT" means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act
of 1976.   "INDEMNITEES" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.6(a).  
"INSURANCE CONTRACT" means any of the insurance policies, Contracts
of insurance, policy endorsements, certificates of insurance and application
forms pertaining to the Insurance Products underwritten or reinsured by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries.   "INSURANCE PRODUCTS" means (a) any of
the health insurance coverage underwritten or reinsured in whole or in part
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries on a traditional indemnity basis or
as part of a preferred provider organization health benefit plan or product,
(b) any indemnity life, disability, accidental death and dismemberment,
dental or other insurance coverages underwritten or reinsured in whole or in
part by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (c) any discount or preferred
price arrangement included as part of a Contract offered by the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries with respect to products or services provided by
third parties and (d) any stop-loss coverage or other insurance offered,
underwritten or reinsured by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.  
"INSURANCE REGULATORY AUTHORITY" shall mean, with respect to any
Subsidiary that is an insurance company, the Governmental Entity of such
Subsidiary\'s state of domicile with which such Subsidiary is required to
file its annual financial statement prepared in accordance with SAP.  
"INSURED" means any individual who is covered under an Insurance
Product pursuant to an Insurance Contract.   "INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS"
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.14.   "IRS" means the Internal
Revenue Service.   "KNOWLEDGE" means the actual knowledge after reasonable
inquiry of the executive officers of the Company or the executive officers of
Parent and Acquisition Sub, as the case may be.   "LIENS" means any
mortgages, pledges, claims, liens, charges, encumbrances, easements,
servitudes, restrictive covenants, options, rights of first refusal, transfer
restrictions and security interests of any kind or nature whatsoever, except,
in the case of securities, for limitations on transfer imposed by federal or
state securities laws.    37     "MATERIAL SUBSIDIARY" means any
Subsidiary whose consolidated revenues, net income or assets constitute 10%
or more of the revenues, net income or assets of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.   "MAXIMUM AMOUNT" has the meaning set forth
in Section 5.6(b).   "MERGER" has the meaning set forth in the first recital
of this Agreement.   "MERGER CONSIDERATION" has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.7.   "MERGER FUND" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.10(d).   "NEBRASKA APPROVAL ORDER" means the approval of the Nebraska
Department of Insurance with respect to the acquisition of control by Parent
of Continental General Insurance Company.   "OHIO APPROVAL ORDER" means the
approval of the Ohio Department of Insurance with respect to the acquisition
of control by Parent of each of Provident American Life and Health Insurance
Company, United Benefit Life Insurance Company and Central Reserve Life
Insurance Company.   "OPTION CONSIDERATION" has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.9.   "PARENT" has the meaning set forth in the introductory
paragraph of this Agreement.   "PAYING AGENT" has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.10(a).   "PBGC" means the Pension Benefit Guaranty
Corporation.   "PERSON" means any person, employee, individual, corporation,
limited liability company, partnership, trust, joint venture, or any
other non-governmental entity or any governmental or regulatory authority or
body.   "PLANS" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.11(a).   "PRE-
CLOSING TRANSACTION" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.16.   "PROXY
STATEMENT" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.2(b).   "REGULATORY LAW"
means (i) the Sherman Act, the Clayton Act, the HSR Act, the Federal Trade
Commission Act and all other federal, state and foreign, if any, statutes,
rules, regulations, orders, decrees, administrative and judicial doctrines
and other laws that are designed or intended to prohibit, restrict
or regulate (x) foreign investment, (y) foreign exchange or currency controls
or (z) actions having the purpose or effect of monopolization or restraint of
trade or lessening of competition and (ii) the laws governing any Insurance
Regulatory Authority.   "SAP" means, with respect to any Subsidiary that is
an insurance company, the statutory accounting practices prescribed or
permitted by the insurance laws or regulations of the Insurance Regulatory
Authority in the jurisdiction of the domicile of such Subsidiary, for the
preparation of financial statements and other financial reports by insurance
companies of the    38    same type as such Subsidiary. Statutory
accounting practices shall be deemed to be applied on a "consistent basis"
when the practices applied in a current period are comparable in all material
respects to the practices applied in a preceding period.   "SEC" means the
Securities and Exchange Commission.   "SECURITIES ACT" means the Securities
Act of 1933.   "SPECIAL COMMITTEE" has the meaning set forth in the first
recital of this Agreement.   "SPECIAL MEETING" has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.2(a).   "SUBSIDIARY" of any Person means another Person, an amount
of the voting securities, other voting ownership or voting partnership
interests of which is sufficient to elect at least a majority of its Board of
Directors or other governing body (or, if there are no such voting interests,
50% or more of the equity interests of which) is owned directly or indirectly
by such first Person.   "SUPERIOR PROPOSAL" means a proposal made by a Third
Party to enter into (i) (a) a merger, reorganization, consolidation, share
exchange, business combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or
similar transaction involving the Company as a result of which either (A) the
Company\'s stockholders (other than such Third Party) prior to any such
transaction, by virtue of their ownership of Company Common Stock, in the
aggregate cease to own at least 50% of the voting securities of the entity
surviving or resulting from such transaction (or the ultimate parent entity
thereof) or (B) the individuals comprising the Company Board prior to such
transaction do not constitute a majority of the board of the entity surviving
or resulting from such transaction or such ultimate parent entity following
the transaction, (b) a sale, lease, exchange, transfer or other disposition
of at least 50% of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, in a single transaction or a series of related transactions or (c) the
acquisition, directly or indirectly, by a Person of beneficial ownership of
50% or more of the Company Common Stock whether by merger, consolidation,
share exchange, business combination, tender or exchange offer or otherwise,
and which is (ii) otherwise on terms which the Company Board in good faith
determines (based on such matters as it deems relevant, including the advice
of its independent legal and financial advisors, the identity of the offeror
and all legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of the
proposal, including the terms of any financing and the likelihood that the
transaction will be consummated), (a) would, if consummated, result in a
transaction that is more favorable to its stockholders (in their capacities
as stockholders), from a financial point of view, than the transactions
contemplated hereby, (b) is with a Person that has, or is reasonably likely
to obtain, the necessary funds to consummate the proposed transaction and (c)
is reasonably capable of being, and is reasonably likely to be, completed
without undue delay.   "SURVIVING CORPORATION" has the meaning set forth in
the first recital of this Agreement.   "TAX" and "TAXES" means any federal,
state, local or foreign net income, gross income, gross receipts, windfall
profit, severance, property, production, sales, use, license, excise,
franchise, employment, payroll, withholding, alternative or add-on minimum,
ad valorem, value added, transfer, stamp, or environmental tax, or any other
tax, custom, duty, governmental fee or    39    other like assessment
or charge of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest or penalty,
addition to tax or additional amount imposed by any Governmental Entity.  
"TAX RETURN" means any return, report or similar statement required to
be filed with respect to any Tax including any information return, claim
for refund, amended return or declaration of estimated Tax.   "TERMINATION
DATE" has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(b).   "TERMINATION FEE" has
the meaning set forth in Section 7.3(a).   "THIRD PARTY" means any Person or
group of Persons (other than the Company and its Affiliates or Parent and its
Affiliates).   "TRANSFER TAXES" has the meaning set forth in Section
5.5.   "WARRANT CONSIDERATION" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.9.  
Section 8.2 Notices. All notices, requests, demands, waivers and
other communications required or permitted to be given under this Agreement
to any party hereunder shall be in writing and deemed given if addressed as
provided below (or at such other address as the addressee shall have
specified by notice actually received by the addressor) and if either (i)
actually delivered in fully legible form, to such address, (ii) in the case
of any nationally recognized express mail service, one (1) Business Day shall
have elapsed after the same shall have been deposited with such service or
(iii) if by fax, on the day on which such fax was sent; provided, that a copy
is sent the same day by overnight courier or express mail service.   If to
the Company, to:   Ceres Group, Inc.  17800 Royalton Road  Strongsville,
Ohio 44136  Attention: Kathleen L. Mesel, Esq.  Telephone: (440) 572-2400 
Facsimile: (440) 878-3600   with a copy (which shall not constitute notice)
to:   Sidley Austin LLP  One South Dearborn Street  Chicago, Illinois
60603  Attention: John J. Sabl, Esq.  Telephone: (312) 853-7000  Facsimile:
(312) 853-7036    40     If to Parent or Acquisition Sub, to:   Great
American Financial Resources, Inc.  250 East Fifth Street  Cincinnati, Ohio
45202  Attention: Mark F. Muething  Telephone: (513) 333-5515  Facsimile:
(513) 357-3397   with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:  
Keating Muething and Klekamp PLL  One East Fourth Street  Suite 1400 
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202  Attention: Edward E. Steiner, Esq.  Telephone: (513)
579-6468  Facsimile: (513) 579-6578.   Section 8.3 Survival of
Representations, Warranties and Covenants. The representations and warranties
contained herein and in any certificate or other writing delivered pursuant
hereto shall not survive the Effective Time. All other covenants and
agreements contained herein which by their terms are to be performed in whole
or in part, or which prohibit actions, subsequent to the Effective Time,
shall survive the Effective Time in accordance with their terms.   Section
8.4 Interpretation. For purposes of this Agreement, (i) the words "include,"
"includes" and "including" shall be deemed to be followed by the words
"without limitation," (ii) the word "or" is not exclusive and (iii) the words
"herein," "hereof," "hereby," "hereto" and "hereunder" refer to
this Agreement as a whole. Unless the context otherwise requires, a reference
herein: (i) to an Article or Section means an Article and Section of this
Agreement, (ii) to an agreement, instrument or other document means such
agreement, instrument or other document as amended, supplemented and modified
from time to time to the extent permitted by the provisions thereof and by
this Agreement and (iii) to a statute means such statute as amended from time
to time and includes any successor legislation thereto and any rules or
regulations promulgated thereunder. Titles to Articles and headings of
Sections are inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not be
deemed a part of or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this
Agreement. This Agreement shall be construed without regard to any
presumption or rule requiring construction or interpretation against the
party drafting an instrument or causing any instrument to be drafted.  
Section 8.5 Amendments, Modification and Waiver. (a) Except as may otherwise
be provided herein, any provision of this Agreement may be amended, modified
or waived by the parties hereto, by action taken by or authorized by their
respective Boards of Directors, prior to the Closing Date if, and only
if, such amendment or waiver is in writing and signed, in the case of an
amendment, by the Company, Parent and Acquisition Sub or, in the case of a
waiver, by the party against whom the waiver is to be effective; provided,
that no such amendment, modification or waiver by the Company shall be
effective unless it is authorized by the Company Board; and provided,
further, that, after the Company Stockholder Approval has   
41    been obtained, there shall not be made any amendment that by
Applicable Law requires further approval by the Company\'s stockholders
without such further approval.   (b) No failure or delay by any party in
exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver
thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other
or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or
privilege. The rights and remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and
not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law or in equity.  
Section 8.6 Successors and Assigns. The provisions of this Agreement shall be
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and
their respective successors and permitted assigns; provided, that none of the
Company, Parent or Acquisition Sub may assign, delegate or otherwise transfer
any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part
(whether by operation of law or otherwise), without the consent of the other
parties hereto and, in the case of the Company, the Company Board.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Acquisition Sub may assign
any of its rights hereunder to any other Subsidiary of Parent.   Section
8.7 Specific Performance. The parties acknowledge and agree that any breach
of the terms of this Agreement would give rise to irreparable harm for which
money damages would not be an adequate remedy and accordingly the parties
agree that, in addition to any other remedies, each party shall be entitled
to enforce the terms of this Agreement by a decree of specific performance
without the necessity of proving the inadequacy of money damages as a
remedy.   Section 8.8 Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction; Waiver of
Trial by Jury. (a) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware (regardless of the laws
that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of laws
thereof).   (b) Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and
unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware in any action
or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the agreements
delivered in connection herewith or the transactions contemplated hereby or
thereby or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment relating thereto,
and each of the parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agrees not
to commence any such action or proceeding except in such court, (ii) agrees
that any claim in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and
determined in such court, (iii) waives, to the fullest extent it may legally
and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to
the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in such court and (iv)
waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the defense of an
inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in such
court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such
action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other
jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by
Applicable Law. Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service
of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 8.2. Nothing in this
Agreement shall affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve
process in any other manner permitted by Applicable Law.   (c) EACH PARTY
ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS
AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO    42    INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT
ISSUES, AND THEREFORE IT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY
RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR
INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY OF THE
AGREEMENTS DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY OR THEREBY. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (A) NO
REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED,
EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF
LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE EITHER OF SUCH WAIVERS, (B) IT UNDERSTANDS AND
HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF SUCH WAIVERS, (C) IT MAKES SUCH
WAIVERS VOLUNTARILY, AND (D) IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT
BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION
8.8(c).   Section 8.9 Severability. If any term or other provision of
this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule
of law, or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this
Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the
economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated herein are not
affected in any manner materially adverse to any party hereto. Upon such
determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or
incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith
to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties
as closely as possible in a mutually acceptable manner in order that the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement may be consummated as originally
contemplated to the fullest extent possible.   Section 8.10 Third Party
Beneficiaries. Except as provided in Section 5.5, this Agreement is solely
for the benefit of the Company and its successors and permitted assigns, with
respect to the obligations of Parent and Acquisition Sub under this
Agreement, and for the benefit of Parent and Acquisition Sub, and their
respective successors and permitted assigns, with respect to the obligations
of the Company under this Agreement, and this Agreement shall not be deemed
to confer upon or give to any other third party any remedy, claim, liability,
reimbursement, cause of action or other right; provided, that the Indemnitees
referred to in Section 5.6 shall be third party beneficiaries entitled to
enforce the provisions of Section 5.6 of this Agreement; and provided,
further, that the Affected Employees referred to in Section 5.14(a) shall be
third party beneficiaries entitled to enforce the provisions of
Section 5.14(a) of this Agreement.   Section 8.11 Entire Agreement. This
Agreement, including any exhibits or schedules hereto, and the
Confidentiality Agreement constitute the entire agreement among the parties
hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all other
prior agreements or understandings, both written and oral, between the
parties or any of them with respect to the subject matter hereof.   Section
8.12 Counterparts; Fax Signatures; Effectiveness. This Agreement may be
signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were
upon the same instrument. Each of the parties hereto (i) has agreed to permit
the use, from time to time and where appropriate, of faxed signatures
in order to expedite the Closing, (ii) intends to be bound by its respective
faxed signature, (iii) is aware that the other parties hereto will rely on
the faxed signature and    43    (iv) acknowledges such reliance and
waives any defenses to the enforcement of the documents effecting the
transactions contemplated hereby contemplated by this Agreement based on the
fact that a signature was sent by fax. This Agreement shall become effective
when each party hereto shall have received counterparts hereof signed by all
of the other parties hereto.   (Remainder of page intentionally blank;
signature page follows.)    44     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective
authorized officers as of the day and year first above written.   GREAT
AMERICAN FINANCIAL RESOURCES, INC.    By: /s/ Mark F. Muething 
------------------------------------  Name: Mark F. Muething  Title:
Executive Vice President    PROJECT GARDEN ACQUISITION INC.    By: /s/
Mark F. Muething  ------------------------------------  Name: Mark F.
Muething  Title: President    CERES GROUP, INC.    By: /s/ Thomas J.
Kilian  ------------------------------------  Name: Thomas J. Kilian 
Title: President and Chief Executive  Officer    45   '

